18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
ing twenty-one iron-clad steam gunboats." The
Senate delayed action on this bill until February,
when, foreseeing that the country would suffer
from longer inaction, Laddressed the chairman of
the Naval Committee of the Senate on the subject,
and the result was the immediate passage of the
bill which had originated in the House in De-
cember.
At the earliest practicable moment after theven-
actment of this law the Department commenced
entering into contracts for the construction of
armored vessels, most of them on the plan of the
Monitor.
The Galena, a less formidable vessel, was for
some time under fire from plungmgshot at Drury's
bluff, on James river. As yet the Ironsides, re-
cently completed, has not been tested inaction, but
it is believed she will prove a formidable fighting
vessel. That we might be prepared for extraor-
dinary emergencies, it was deemed advisable to
put armature on one of our steam frigates, and the
Koanoke was selected for that purpose.
Whatever success may attend the large and cost-
ly armored ships of the Warrior class, which are
being constructed by some of the maritimePowcrs
of Europe, cruising in deep waters, they can scarce-
ly cause alarm here, for we have within the United
States few harbors that are accessible to them, and
for those few the Government can always be pre-
pared whenever a foreign war is imminent. It has
been deemed advisable, however, that we should
have a few large-sized armed cruisers, of great
speed, for ocean servicei as well as of the class of
smaller vessels for coastwisc and defensive opera-
tions.
In the construction ofiron-cladsof the Monitor
class, the nautical qualities of the vessel have not
been the governing object, for with light draught
and heavy armament, high speed is not attainable.
#But they arc adapted to the shallow waters of our
coast and harbors, few of winch are accessible to
vessolsof great magnitude. While the larger arm-
ored vessels, with their heavy armament, cannot
nearly approach our shores, those of the Monitor
class can penetrate even the inner waters, rivers,
harbors, and bayous of our'extended double coast.
YARD AND DEPOT FOR AN IRON-CLAD NAVY.
In March last, and again in June, I invited the
attention of the Naval Committees of Congress
to the importance of taking prompt preliminary
measures for establishing a navy-yard, including
founderies, shops, and docks, adapted to the grow-
ing wants of the service and the country. It was
not that we needed an additional navy-yard, but
that we required one of a different character, m
many respects, from any that we possess.
In view of the importance of possessing some-
where in this country a navy and dock-yard for
the puipobc of an iron navy, the suggestion of
the Department received the favorable considera-
tion of Congress. The city of Philadelphia, the !(
commercial center of the iron and coal regions, |;
became interested in the question, and was m- jj
dueed to make n free offer of League Island, a I[
body of land of about six hundred ncren near the i!
confluence of the Delaware and Schuylkill rivers, li
to the United States for naval purposes, in con- j'
sequence of this liberal offer, Congress author- ['
ized the Secretary of the Navy to icceive andac- ij
ccpt League Island; provided, however, that it |'
should notbe accepted until the title shall be perfect i1'
to low-water mark, nor, if, upon a morn thorough :!
examination and survey of the premises by a com-
potent board of officers, to be appointed by the |!
fcJecretary of the Navy, he shall diacoverthatthe j!
public interest will not bepromoted by acquiring |[
the title as aforesaid; that the board to be ap- P
pointed shall, before proceeding to any decision j!
of the questions referred to them,make a survey I'
and examination of the harbor of New London, j!
in Connecticut, and its surroundings, with refer-
ence to its fitness for ana\ al depotand navy-yard; |:
and that they also make the same investigation in
regard to the waters of Narraganset bay. i;
Pursuant to the requirements of the act of Con- ji
gross aboie referred to, I appointed, on the 12th |!
of August, a board of oificeis consisting of Rear ji
Admiral Stringham, Commodores Van Brunt and
Gardner, and Captain Marston, of the Navy, Pro- j;
fessor Bache, and Engineer Sanger, to make the i;
required examination, and report. Thn board was !.
assiduously engaged for over two months upon
the duty assigned it, and after completing the sur-
vey and examination, revised their labor; and,
upon a full discussion of the subject, the members
unanimously rejected any proposition for the con-
templated navy-yard on the waters of Narraganset
bay. In regard to the two other locations, League
Island and New London, and which is bestadapted
to the purposes of such a navy-yard and depot as
is contemplated by the law, the board was divided
in opinion, and presented majority and minority
reports. The majority, comprising four mem-
bers, award to New London the preference over
League Island for a navy-yard. The minority
as fully and emphatically give their preference to
League Island as possessing important requisites
which the other does not, and as being better
adapted to the special wants of the Government
and the objects of the law authorizing the appoint-
ment of the commission.
Without attempting, in this place, to analyze
these voluminous reports, or to reproduce the ar-
guments adduced by each, I have considered it
my duty to bring the subject to the attention of
Congress, and to reiterate my opinion in favor of
a new yard and depot better adapted to the con-
struction of iron vessels and iron-clad vessels than
any we now have, and where this description of
vessels may be repaired, or, in time of peace, laid
up in ordinary, in selecting the site for such a
navy-yard there are two essential and controlling
considerations that must govern. One is the very
great advantage (if not absolute necessity) of
fresh water over salt water for the preservation
of iron vessels. The other is, security from an
attack by a foreign enemy. These two primary
qualities are to be had at League Island. Iron
and coal arc also in close proximity to that loca-
tion.
New London has a commodious harbor, and,
were it less exposed, some good qualities for a
navy-yard, provided it be the intention of Con-
gress to establish another similar to those we now
have for the construction of wooden vessels. For
an iron navy, and for iron purposes, I am not
aware that it has any advantages over Brooklyn
or Charlestown or Portsmouth, and if not, Con-
gress must determine whether another such yard
shall be established. The Department has not
suggested or contemplated the acquisition of a
yard and depot of that description, but called at-
tention to the growing necessity of an establish-
ment for an iron navy. The law, while requiring
an examination of other places by a board, au-
thorizes no action by the Department for the ac-
ceptance of any other than League Island, and I
do not, therefore, propose to ean\nss the merits
or demerits of New London or Narraganset bay.
League Island has the requisite of fresh water,
which is indispensable for an iron navy-yard; and
is remote from the sen., which renders it a place
of security. The objections to it are its low, al-
luvial soil, the cost of raising it to a proper grade,
the depth it will be necessary to penetrate be-
fore reaching safe bottom, and the expense of
piling on which to erect superstructures. These
are weighty objections, and it will require no in-
considerable expeudituie to oveicome them. In
addition to those above enumerated, is the fact
that the navigation of the Delaware river is some-
times obstructed by ice, and injury is sometimes
caused by floating ice; but there is no river cast
or north of it where the objection is not much
greater.
In regard to the location of naval depots and the
necessity of having them secure from foreign en-
emies, I cannot more distinctly and clearly present
what are the requisites than by quoting from the
report of a veiy able board of eminent, officers and
engineers on sea-coast defenses, made m 1820:
" Security usjninst an attack by sea or land  ->"undoubtftlly
the first condition lequucd; lor the destruction of an estab-
lishment of this nature involve^ with it the destruction ot"
al) tlio>e elements of a naval force winch have been col-
lected a longtime beforehand, during peacc. to the incalcu-
lable ol (lie public. jrUieh a im^oinme must be severely
felt during the whole course (ft a war, and cannot well be
repeated vvlule it continues. Thi-s indispensable quality
(-ecurity) uui^tbe obtained,as well.is localities will admit,
without having jecourse to artitieial loitilications; forthese
must be veiy costly, and if thatexpeiu-e can be avoided, the
same Minn wilt bo much more athnntasjoou-.ty laid oiitm !
impiovingand aggrandizing the establishment* ot the depot. j
Thus, if equal in other respects, a placo whose site isnat- ;
ur*lly strong, and whose position with respect to the ge - 1
eial frontier is well covered, should be preferred to another
that requires to be fortified."'
The great essential here specified, of security
from attack by a foreign enemy, appertains to
League Island, which has, in that respect,strong
topographical advantages. Its interior location
might have constituted an objection at a former
period, when only sailing vessels were in the naval
service; buttheintroductionofsteam has wrought
a revolution in this respect, rendering the move-
ment of our war vessels independent of wind and
tide. Immediate contiguity to the ocean is no
longer deemed an advantage, but a disadvantage.
Steam, rifled cannon, and modern improvement
in ordnance, have rendered harbors and depots
immediately on the sea-board insecure. In a recent
debate in the British Parliament, it was emphatic-
ally urged that Portsmouth and its immense and
costly works must be abandoned, for the reason
that a naval depot should not be within the range
of fire, or six miles of an attacking force. If, then,
fresh water bo indispensable for a navy-yard for
the construction, repair, and dockage of iron ves-
sels, and vessels that arc clad with iron, there is
no position east of the Delaware where the diffi-
culties from ice do not exceed those urged against
League Island, nor has any place been proposed
that presents equal advantages, or is so secure
from an attack. While there are some obvious
and admitted objections to League Island,no place
has been proposed that combines so many advant-
ages, unless it be the contracted and altogether
inadequate yard at Philadelphia. That yard may
perhaps be extended so as to double its present
capacity; but, besides involving a large expendi-
ture, it would then be insufficient for our future
iron navy.
The occupation of League Island would not
increase the number of navy-yards that we now
have, for, when once in operation, the discontin-
uance of the present site at Philadelphia would
take place as a matter of course, and the avails
could be, and doubtless would be, diverted to the
improvement of the new location; whereas the
adoption of any other site would be the addition
of another navy-yard similar in character to those
we now have"5, which is not required.
The conflicting reports, and the conditions an-
nexed to the law authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to receive and accept League Island, have
occasioned embarrassment, and I have therefore
deemed it respectful to delay action until Congress
should convene. As neither the harbor of New
London nor the waters of Narraganset bay are
adapted to the purposes and wants of an iron navy,
whatever may be their advantages in other re-
spects, and as League Island has the requisites of
fresh water, security from external enemies, and
proximity to iron and coal, I propose to receive
and accept for the Government the munificent
donation of the city of Philadelphia, unless Con-
gress shall otherwise direct.
MATERIAL.
The time has arrived when, in order to main-
tain ourselves and our true position as a nation,
we must have a formidable Navy, not only of
light draught vessels to guard our extensive and «
shallow coast, but one that with vessels always
ready for the service, and of sufficient size to give
them speed, can seek and meet an enemy on the
ocean. In order to obtain the enormous steam
rower essential to great speed, we must have ves-
sels of the greatest magnitude.
Vessels of wood will always be built; but the
causes that have operated to retard the introduc-
tion of iron vessels are disappearing. The working
of iron has been much simplified; its application
facilitated; new tools and machinery for working
it are constantly being invented and improved;
artisans skilled m its manufacture are becoming
more common, and the material more easily
wrought.
The progress of events renders it certain that
iron will hereafter enter largely into the structure
of vessels for marine service, although it will never
entirely supersede wood. Our country produces
the material in abundance, and we have no occa-
sion to seek it from abroad. "Wliiie our forests
are disappearing, inexhaustible resources in iron
are being developed. That it is for the interest
of the (Government to be prepared to meet some
