1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
37tii Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. op Eeps.
change in the material and structure of ouj* naval
vessels need not be repeated. It must provide the
necessary yards and establishments for each, and
have them properly located, in which to build its
ships of war, and at least one of them should be
specially.adapted to iron. No private establish-
ment can undertake such heavy work as the Gov-
ernment requires foritsarmorantlsteam purposes.
Possessing advantages that no other nation enjoys,
we should avail ourselves of them. Our iron and
coal are found in the same region, and we have
fresh-water rivers in which iron vessels can be
docked and kept clean, and from which'all enemies
can be excluded.
In the construction of the iron and iron-clad
vessels which the Department has now in prog-
ress, every effort has been made to have them
promptly completed. It is believed that nearly
every rolling-mill has been engaged that is able to
do the work; and yet these vessels are several
months behind the time within which they were
to have been completed. The Department is con-
vinced that the contractors have done their best;
and yet it is with great difficulty that these com-
paratively small vessels and the moderate-sized
iron required can be procured for them as soon as
wanted, so much does the demand exceed the
capabilities of the mills to supply. These facts
demonstrate the necessity for public works where
vessels of great magnitude are to be constructed.
Had the Governmentbeen prepared for this heavy
work, much of the delay which has embarrassed
naval operations might have been avoided. Pri-
vate establislwne-nts would have been relieved,
and enabled to furnish a larger quantity within
the scope of their own manufacture.
It is as important that the Government should
build its own ships of iron as of* wood. If the
apparent cost in either case is greater, the actual
valuo is also greater. Itisof the first importance
that the material, whether of iron or wood, should
be of the best quality; and as regards iion, this
can be insured and made certain only by its being
received and reworked at Government establish-
ments. The large quantities required will always
enable the Government to purchase on econom-
ical terms. It is well understood that the qualities
of iron vary greatly, and the use of inferior kinds
will be both injurious and expensive. Experi-
ments with shot in target practice demonstrate
that some qualities have much greater powers of
resistance than others, and are therefore better
for armature. Other qualities may better resist
corrosion, and be more suitable to the action of
sea water, and still others may be adapted to the
internal parts exposed to different chemical ac-
tion. These qualities and denominations will be
ascertained by observations and tests that the
Government can alone well make and faithfully
apply in the construction of its war vessels. Con-
tractors and private establishments will not be
equally vigilant and careful in makingthe proper
selections and assortings.
An establishment such as the Department has
in view, and has heretofore recommended, will
enable the Government to have all the advantages
of the best and, most suitable descriptions in the
construction of vessels of iron and of iron arma-
ture. Steam machinery, anchors, chain cables,
and heaVy iron work for the naval service would
be manufactured at the same establishment to ad-
vantage.
The necessity of such a dock-yard and estab-
lishment is becoming so important that I deem it
proper again to present the subject to the consid-
eration of Congress. As yet we have but few iron
vessels, and these chiefly of foreign construction;
but we have built and are building iron-clad ves-
sels at private establishments—not one at our pub-
lic yards.
In sustaining our position as a naval Power, we
must be prepared for reverses that may befall us
in battle or by calamities incident to ocean service.
A wise precaution will always provide a reserve ;
of ships to take the place of those that may be ;
injured or destroyed. Vessels should be m dif- j
ferent stages of progress of construction, thereby i
giving constant employment to a certain number '
of skillful mechanics. Stores of material can well
be accumulated in days of peace for the emergen-
cies of war.
Such was the former policy of the Government,
and for many years an annual appropriation was
made for the gradual increase of the Navy. Un-
der this policy there were in times of peace large
accumulations of material at the different yards.
It was from the stock thus collected and seasoned
that our vessels were mainly built.
Gradually this policy was changed. Successive
Administrations, with a view to the appearance
of economy and a show of small expenditure,
restricted the estimates for supplies to amounts
barely sufficient to keep its few ships afloat.
The war found us literally destitute of mate-
rials m our navy-yards, as well as with but few
ships to sustain the national integrity. From
mistaken economy, or from design, the Govern-
ment was, in its need, deficient in ships and des-
titute of material for theirconstruction. No alter-
native was left, when resistance was made, but for
the Department to build its vessels as speedily as
possible, and of such timber as could, in the great
haste and emergency, be procured. As a conse-
quence, vessels that should have lasted for years
will soon perish, and must in the mean time in-
volve heavy expense for necessary repairs in order
to keep them afloat.
As vessels of wood will always be used to some
extent for naval purposes, and as they can, for
the present at least, be constructed more speedily
than of iron, it will be wise economy to have a
reasonable quantity of timber always in store.
A special appropriation annually for the pur-
pose of accumulating a stock of material must
always be advantageous to the Government. In
that way the Navy can be best and must econom-
ically supplied; can make better purchases, and
have more time to examine and test the deliveries.
WESTERN" DEPOT AND ESTABLISHMENT.
It will be advisable, at an early period, to es-
tablish a naval depot on one of the rivers in the
valley of the Mississippi, where we now have a
squadron equal in numbers to the whole Navy
of the United States at the commencement of this
Administration. The want of an establishment
in that quarter, where vessels may be constructed,
armed and armored, equipped and repaired, has
been severely felt, and, in the absence of such
an establishment, the Department has been com-
pelled to resort to expedients that may have been
sometimes disadvantageous.
For an iron navy the gicat rivers of the West
arc well adapted, and the immense resources in
iron and coal that are distributed throughout that
region indicate what must be the undoubted pol-
icy of the Government at no distant period in re-
lation to such an establishment. The time may
not have arrived when the selection of a perma-
nent location for a navy-yard and foundery shall
be made, but it must be in the near future, and
until then the Department will be dependent, in
a gieatdegiee, on pi ivate establishments and such
temporary arrangements as can be secured.
HARBOR DEFENSES.
A long period of peace had rendered the Gov-
ernment inattentive to the defense of the harbors,
and under recent alarms the municipal authorities
of many of our cities have made application for
naval vessels to protect them from apprehended
danger. Although solicitous to ivheve any por-
tion of our citizens even from unnecessary alarm,
the Department could not furnish the force re-
quired for every place exposed, nor has it been
anticipated that su«h force would be expected of
the Navy. It has been the understanding that the
fortifications were to be relied upon as furnishing
the required security, while the Navy performed
a different service. No longer ago than May last
the chief engineer of the War Department in a
communication to Congress states that " as agen-
eral rule, with hardly an exception, the permanent
defensive works of the United States were de- I
signed to forbid the passage through the waters !
subject to their fire of hostile vessels, or to pre- j
vent the use of such waters by an enemy in his I
vessels, or to secure the use of the waters for our |
own vessels. So long as these forts fulfill these
conditions our fortified ports, navy-yards, and
harbors of refuse will be secure against injury
from an enemy's ships, and the waters protected
by them will ho available for the use of our ves-
sels and forbidden to those of an enemy*. That
is to say, these forts are designed as defenses
against hostile military power afloat."
While there may be difference of opinions as to
the views here expressed, there is none whatever
that the fortifications at our principal ports should
be, and doubtless are, adequate defenses against
any cruiser or cruisers that may be afloat in the
cause^of the insurgents. It has not therefore en-
tered into the estimates and arrangements of the
Navy Department to furnish vessels for the de-
fense of our ports, nor to detach them from other
imperative duties for that purpose, when other
provisions have been made by the Government,
and have been uniformly reliedupon for their pro-
tection.
DOCKING.
Our facilities for docking ships are altogether
inadequate to our naval wants, and in a foreign
war with a formidable Power our condition would
be deplorable. We have but onedry dock at each
naval station, and three of our six docks are of
wood, being both perishable and combustible.
The capacity of these docks is much below the
size required for nome of the vessels we are now
building, and such as we must build for the future.
Other nations, finding themselves in a similar con-
dition, are now enlarging their dry docks; and we,
having but three permanent ones, and they de-
signed for vessels of less dimensions than some
we now build,should have new and suitableones,
and their construction should be forthwith com-
menced. Some of them should be at least 550 feet
in length, with a breadth of 80 feet, to admit of
large increase. Docks of wood are too perishable,
and require greater depth of water for heavy ships
than our harbors can furnish.
The importance of constructing wet basins at
such of the navy-yards as are sufficiently capa-
cious to admit of it, adverted to by the chief of*
the Bureau of Yards and Docks, is commended to
the consideration of Congress.
REORGANIZATION OF THE DEPARTMENT AND THE
NAVY. *■
The act of the 5th of July last, reorganizing the
Navy Department, creates three additional bu-
I'eaus. This insures a much better distribution
of the labors, and very much simplifies and facil-
itates the business of the Department. The law
has so recently gone into operation, and the offi-
cers have so lately entered upon their duties, that
the results and benefits are but partially developed.
I am satisfied, however, even in this early stage
of the proceedings, that the change will be pro-
ductive of efficiency and economy, and be advan-
tageous in every respect, while the energy and
talent of the chiefs who have been brought into
the counsels of the Department will inspire it with
additional vigor.
The greatly increased labor imposed upon the
Department i n consequence ofthegreatly increased
forcc both of men and vessels in service, with a
vast! y more active employment,, calls for additional
clerical force in order that justice may be done to
the service and the Government.
By the law of December 21,1861, it was enacted
that any naval officer whose name had been borne
on the Naval Register forty-five years, or who
had attained the age of sixty-two years, shall bo
retired from active service and his name be entered
on the retired list of officers of the grade to which  
he belonged. The President', by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, was authorized
to detail retired officers to active duty, and might,
on their receiving a vote of thanks from Congress,
upor the recommendation of the President, be re-
stored to the active list, and not otherwise.
By the same law the President was authorized
to select any officer from the grades of captain or
commander and assign him to the command of a
squadron, with the rank and title of "flag officer,*'
and theofficerthus assigned was to have command
in full as if he were the senior officer of the squad-
ron.
The officers of our blockading squadrons and
of the Mississippi flotilla were recognized flag-
officers until the passage of the act of the 16th of
July establishing the grade of rear admiral, when
they received that appointment.
The act of July 16, 18G2, "to establish and
equalize the grade of line officers of the United
