1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
SYth Cong....3d Sioss.
Iieport of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps."
It would be difficult to state the number em-
ployed at private yards and establishments on
Government work and under contracts~with the
Department.
THE BUREAUS.
The reports of the several bureaus connected
with the Department exhibit in detail the opera-
tions of the year in all matters pertaining to them
respectively.
The chief of the Burn,mi of Yards and Docks de-
tailsspecifically the various changes thathave been
.made during the past year in the different navy-
yards, and gives his reasons at length for not pur-
chasing land on Seavey'slsland, for which a con-
tingent appropriation was made at the last session
of Congress. He also offers some suggestionsrel-
ative to the location of a navy-yard to meet the
wants of the country in the construction of iron and
armored vessels.
The chief of the Bureau of Construction sub-
mits the usualstatisticsconnected with his depart-
ment. The large expenditure and vast details that
devolve on this officer make his duties at all times
arduous and responsible, and they have been im-
mensely increased by the times, yet they have
' been met and discharged with unwearied assidu-
ity. By the establishment of the Bureau ofEquip-
rnont, the labor ofthc Construction Bureau will be
greatly relieved; yet it must, under any circum-
stances, be onerous and responsible.
The improvements in ordnance equal, perhaps,
if they do not excel, those which are made in arm-
ature. On this subject great progress has been
made within a few years; and the theory and
practice, under the diiection of the skillful officer
who has given n his special attention, and whose
abilities in that capacity originally caused him to
be detached from active duty afloat, and whose
great services led him to be placed at the head of
the Bureau of Oidnance, have elevated the stand-
ard of ordnance in the Navy.
Like every other branch of the public service,
that of ordnance was wholly unprepared for the
great crisis that befell the countryin JS01,andone
of the most embarrassing difficulties at the com-
mencement of our national troubles was thai of
procuring ordnance as rapidly as was required
for our increasing Navy. To remedy the defi-
ciencies and wants when our vessels were multi-
plying, we were compelled for a time to revert
to old artillery which had been discarded, and to
avail ourselves of extraordinary means to meet
the then existing necessities. These difficulties
have been, in a measure, overcome, and our ord-
nance is greatly improved and improving.
It gives me pleasure to invite attention to the
elaborate and exceedingly interesting report uf
the chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, and to ask
the favorable consideration of Congress to his
suggestions, particularly those recommending an
ample supply of munitions in advance for the
service.
The chief of the Bureau of Pro visions and Cloth-
ing transmits the usual abstracts and statements
of the operations of his department-, and calls at-
tention to the working, particularly in time of svar,
of the present contract system as required by law.
In some respects it may be modified for the bet-
ter, and if the article ot bread, and perhaps other
naval supplies, were taken from the list of con-
tract articles the Government might be better
served. The chief of the bureau recommends the
establishment of a Government bakery, and is of
opinion that a more satisfactory article than is
now furnished, and one less liable to deteriora-
tion, would be made, and with economy to the
Government. The change would undoubtedly
have its advantages, and is commended to favor-
able consideration. It is also suggested that ow-
ing to a change in the character of naval vessels,
the pay of cleiks to paymasters is wholly inade-
quate and disproportioned to the'salary of other
officers.
With the enlargement of the naval force, a cor-
responding increase has been required in the
medical department. The report of the chief of
the Medical Bureau furnishes the usual items of
expense, and the statistics for the year of the sick,
killed, and wounded. One hundred and ninety-
two have been killed, 474 wounded, and 23,161
have been under treatment. The total number of
deaths has been 178, a percentage of 0.77 to the
whole number of cases treated. At the last ses-
sion of Congress an appropriation of $10,000 was
made for the erection of a hospital on Seavey's
Island. The sum is deemed inadequate, and the
appropriation was so connected with the purchase
of land that it has been unavailable. Twenty
thousand dollars is desired for a hospital at Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, disconnected with prop-
ositions for the purchase of land, leaving the site
to the judgmentof the Department. As additional
hospital accommodations are urgently needed, I
recommend the applications to early and favorable
consideration.
The Bureaus of Equipment and Recruiting,
Steam Enginesing and Navigation, having been
organized subsequentto thccloscofthe fiscal year,
have only submitted estimates for the coming year.
EXPENSES AND ESTIMATES.
The appropriations made at the regular and
special sessions of Congress for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1862, were §43,015,551 77. The ex-
penses of the Department during the same time
were $42,200,599 96—leaving an unexpended bal-
ance of #1,415,0121 81. The amount expended
includes the paymemfortheconstrucuon of fifty-
two steamers; the purchase, alterations, and arma-
ment of one hundred and seventy-five steamers
and sailing vessels; all the charter-money paid by
the Department, together with all the incieased
expenses incident to the enlarged Navy. The
amount appropriated for the current fiscal year,
(ending June 3D, J-Sfi'l,) is ^.V),N14,'i.VJ 07. The
estimates submitted for die fiscal yeai ending June
30, 1864, amount to $68,i257,255 01, namely:
Navy proper  " .000.077 70
Marino coips  f.'2-ti*. 117 31
Ndvy-w.idfs  I.(504.1-23 HO
Ho-piffils  ' 82,-100 O'J
Magazines  33,00
Miscellaneous  l!>2.fiIo i)0
01
The objects for which the appropriations are
required are given in detail in the reports of the
chiefs of the bureaus and the commandant of the
marine corps.
' CONCLUSIOXT.
I have thus endeavored to place before you and
the country an exposition of the action of the
Navy Department, anil of the achievements ofthc
Navy during the past year. My account is, 1 am
aware, necessarily imperfect, and I therefore again
refei foi interesting and important details to the
subsidiary reports herewith presented, which I
commend to the attention of the Government and
the country. If what I have written shall be con-
sidered as attesting in anydegree theforesightand
energy of tins Department, then I request that a
generous measure of approbation may be awarded
to those by whom 1 have been officially aided. I
esteem myself and the country fortunate m the
selection of those who have been associated with
me in administering the duties of this Department.
In the Assistant Secretary 1 have ever found an
able, earnest,and efficient coadjutor. And it^ivcs
mo pleasure to acknowledge the aid which I have
at ail times received from the enei gy, experience,
and wise counsel of the several chiefs of bureaus
in my administration of our navol affairs, and
which have been of the highest value to the ser-
vice and the country.
But most of all do I commend to the gratitude
and praise of their Government and country the
officers and men of the naval service. In my last
annual report 1 said that in their hands the his-
toric renown of the American Navy had been
elevated and augmented Another year of their
heroic and triumphant service ant horizcs and im-
pels me now to state that no country ever owed
a higher appreciation to its navy than is justly
due to ours. No choiceof naval officers forhigh
commands or important administrative positions
was ever more fortunate or successful.
For myself I claim only the merit—which, be-
ing manifest official obligation, can scarcely be
considered a merit—of having, in a conscientious
spirit, devoted in this memorable crisis of our
history, with unwearied and un^casinp* effort, my
best powers to the performance of the eruuous
and responsibledutiesof the head of this Depart-
ment. GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the vVary.
The President.
Report of the Sccrelary of the Treasury*
Treasury Department,
December 4, 1863. -
Sir: In obedience to the act which requires the
Secretary of the Treasury to prepare and lay-
before Congress, at the commencement of every
session, a report on the subject of finance, em-
bracing estimates of receipts and disbursements
and plans of revenue, he submits, respectfully,
the following views and statements!
The breaking out of the existing rebellion, soon
after the incoming of the present Administration,
demanded the employment of all necessary means
for the preservation of the territorial integrity of
the Republic, and for the maintenance of the con-
stitutional supremacy of the whole people, through
their national Government, over every State and
every citizen.
To authorize and prescribe the employment of
these means was the peculiar province of Con-
gress; to call forth and direct the armed force
which might be authorized, belonged to the Pres-
ident,and under him to the Departments of War,
and of the Navy; while, to provide the means to
meet authorized expenditures in its employment,
devolved, undpr the legislation of Congress and
the direction of the Piesident, on .the Secretary
of the Treasury. ^
Varying exigencies have required adapted meas-
ures, and demanded unanticipated expenditures.
Estimates, correct when made, have been ren-
dered inaccurate by changed circumstances. Such
conditions always attend war, whether external
or civil, and we could not hope to escape them.
It is not, therefore, matter of surprise that the
estimates submitted in July. 1861, for the year
ending on the 30th of June, 1862, were exceeded
by the actual expendituies,or that those submit-
ted in December, for the year which will end on
the 30ih of Juno. 1863, will probably be, in like
manner, exceeded.
The estimates of the Secretary must, neces-
sarily, be derived chiefly from information fur-
nished by other heads of Departments; and this
information, adjusted to existing and probable
circumstances, cannot possibly anticipate all the
vicissitudes of war or of legislation.
Thus, the estimates for the husr fiscal year, sub-
mitted at the July session of 1861, were based on
estimates from the War Department foran army,
including regulars and volunteers, of three hun-
dred thousand men; and from the Navy Depart-
ment for a naval force quite inconsiderable in
comparison with that afterwards found to be in-
dispensable. Congress, thinking the proposed
military force inadequate, provided for a volun-
teer as my of five hundred thousand men, besides
regular troops and special corps, numbering to-
gether over fifty thousand, and also for consider-
able additions to various corps, and a large in-
crease of pay and rations. The estimates of July
required, of course, correction in December.
So, also, the estimates for the current fiscal
year, submitted at the last session, wm e framed in
substantial accordance with information furnished
by the several Departments. The necessities of
the war, however, rendered it expedient, in the
judgment of the Executive and of Congress, to
call for three hundred thousand additional volun-
teers. and make a draft of three hundied thousand*
men m addition to these. The estimates, of course
must again prove inadequate.
The inctease of the Army, however, did not
greatly affect disbursements between the date of
the December report and the close of the then
current fiscal year. The increase of debt, there-
fore, did not exceed the December estimate. On
the con trary,wh lie the estimate anticipated a public
debt on the 30th of June, 1S62, of§5] 7,3752,802 93,
its actual amount on that day was$514,211,371 92.
This amount, of course, does not include unas-
certained claims, but only that debt, the evidences
of which exist in the Tieasury. upon its books,
or in the form of requisitions in favor of cred-*
itors or of disbursing officers. It is not probable,
however, that at the date named these claims much,
if at ail, exceeded the balance m the Treasury:
namely, £13.043,546 01.
But while the public debt on the 1st of July,
1862, did not reach the amount anticipated by tins
estimates, there is no room for the pleasing hop'*
