674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
ator from Illinois on this subject. He says we :
are educating seamen. Well, sir, we get very
much the laiger portion of our seamen from the
class of men who were educated in these fisheries.
The country is at th>s moment experiencing the
benefit which it has derived from these bounties
heretofore in the very large number of seamen
who have gone on board the men-of-war of the
United States. Three or four thousand—I do not
know exactly how many—from my own State
alone, in addition to those we have sent to the
war as soldiers, have gone into the Navy; and a
larger number perhaps—I do not know how many
•—from the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. Estimated
at ten thousand. I suppose it is somewhere from
seven to ten thousand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are, at this very
time, in the naval service some fourteen or fifteen
thousand sailors from those two States alone, and
they are principally men educated as sailors in
these very fishenes, and, in a great degree, en-
couraged by these bounties which have been paid.
Then there is one other remark which should be
made. This fishing business is a losing business
in point of fact, and has been for a year or two.
It is not a money-making business, (that is very
clear,) and has not been for a veiy consideiahle
period. Some years they are more fortunate man
others; but it is never a money-making business.
It is always a poor business, and foi many yeai s a
very unfortunate losing one. Still, many of our
men on the coast go mm it, and ihey go into it m
the intervals of their other business at home, and
become sailors as well as farmets. That is the
simple truth in repaid to the matter.
Now, mi , the gt onnd and the only ground upon
which this bounty can be defended is that upon
which it has been put for many years: the impm t-
ance of educating as many seamen as possible
practically for the naval purposes of the [Tinted
States; and thus, instead of then being educated,
they may be completing then education on board
of men-of-war. The preliminary education was
received on board these fi.-dimg vessels; and tin y
make, as tile Senator piobubly wt 11 Knows, the
very best sailoi.s in the vvoild, the best m- n on
board men-of-war. It ha* been c siablished upon
those principles from the beginning, and it has
been the policy of the Government from the inun-
dation of the Government. Many efforts have
been made to overturn it, and upon discussion of
the full mei its of the question it has always fob d
in the form of a bub If it is to In- put. on in this
way on an appropt iahun bill, St uaiors must so
decide and take ihe eonseqnences of the act.
Mr. Mc.DOlJGAEL. Though very lemole
from thai Motion of ilu eoutui y v\ her.- ihe imme-
diate benefit of this ai  pmpnalion is fi if, 1 Km I
myself altogether justified ta s lying that if there
ever was a ume when this appiopi lation should
be made, this jast that Um<\ The school on
our northeastern coast is nunc valuable to ih,
contemplating the possibility of having to nm.i~
tain a huge Navy and to use it on the lug1) seas,
than the school at A nnapobs. i t is the school in
which we breed practical sailors, men accustomed
to the seas, and who are fit for battle on tlx* sens.
[ have no local inteiest m this matter, but 1
have heard the di^eusMoii often repeated, and I
am well satisfied tlrnt if time ever was a t.me
when tins appto; n.uion should be made, this is
the time. I believe t hat this has b"en Ihe school
that has bred the seamen who have filled our
ships of war and our pnvateeis on the hifg 11 seas,
from the time we had oui fust war wall Gmwi
Britain until this time; and we may look to rheni
jpith confidence m the future, i lake die libei iy
of diflauing with my ftmud nom Illinois, and my
other frn nds from the Wcs:, u ho can see no ben-
efit in this. I look upon it as a great school for
seamen; for the paiticular sea in whmb tin ir
business is done i.-> one of the moyt f'angeious in
the woild, and it makes them bold and skillful
seamen.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I know
of no reason why the seamen engaged m this
business aie any more educated foi the purposes
of emeiing tire naval seivne jji wai than those
in any other s ii vicc upon the ocean. It may be,
as my friend fiom Calnornia says, that it is moie
dangerous; but 1 do not understand that the dan-
gers of the sea euable men to become more etli-
that is learned in the service, and not the dangers
of the seci 
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator will allow
me to ask him this question: whether the man
who looks death in tne face every day from the
first timo he mans a ship, does not necessarily
become familiar with death, and therefore, by the
very necessity of his discipline, becomes a brave
and fearless man ? That is the reason why our
Navy has not failed m any encounter during this
war.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I will
reply at once to the gentleman. I have no confi-
dence m the individual courage of a man either in
the Army or Navy; it amounts to nothing. The
discipline and the drill amount to everything; and
they are learned as well in navigating the ships en-
gaged in your commerce as in those engaged in
your fisheries. That is my opinion about it. I
have had some little experience, it is true not in
this sort of service, but in another; and I declare
it here as my opinion to-day that the individual
courage of a man amounts to nothing in the Ai my;
it is the drill, the discipline, the obedience to
otders, under the regulation and direction of a
single nund, courageous it must be, that leads
them to victory. I suppose the same is true of
our Navy. I do not unih i stand that it is neces-
sary in older to promote efficiency in the Navy in
time of war that you should select your sailors
from this pai tieulffr service.
Sir, our Navy is no more distinguished now
than it was dui ing the He volution: they have per-
lot med no more gallant dceils; and yt f, dut ing the
Revolution, they h.id not this school stimulated
by (Ins bounty to draw from. They had the other
school of com met cu, in wh ich sailors were trained.
Mr. GRIMMS. Gieat Britain and France al-
ways protected their fisheries, and do to this day.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That may be all true.
Mr. GRIMES. And the seamen who navigated
our vessels in the revolutions y war were made
in the same way as it is supposed the seamen are
made to-day.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I bng the Senator's par-
don. IK and I dufer veiy much in lefmence to
that ia< t. Then" may be teusons why England
and Fiance pi otect their seamen who ate eng "sged
in this paiticular business. The point at which
thev engage m the business is remote from their
country. They have to come in competition with
those near the fisheries.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator fiom Illinois evi-
dently nus!;tk(sthe point I muke. His allegation
was this: that when the revolutionary war was
fought, we had as gallant men and as skillful nav al
commanders and seamen as wo have to-day; and
yet t hose seamen and com in an dels were not drawn
fj om the ilshi t ics.
Mi. RICHARDSON. Not drawn from this
sen ice.
Mi GRIMES. Y"s,sn\ My anxwi r was, that
Great I h itain, of wh ieh we v/ei e then a pai t, puor
to that time had always pioteeted her fishtrics.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 do not see the appli-
cation of the Senator'^ remaiks to tins paiticular
discussion.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not my fault.
Ah*. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, one word
in reply to tin: Senatois from Maine and Massa-
chusetts. We have now, I believe, about forty-
nine thousand seamen engaged in the service.
The Senator fiom Maim- says ih.it three thousand
of iliem come from his State, and ihe St nator fiom
Massachusetts says that between nine and ten
thousand come honi his State. Are they educated
in the fisheries more gallant than the other thirty-
six thousand drawn from other sonicet,? Do* I
understand that to be the argumentr The argu-
ment would be a good one jf ail our seamen who
have poi formed this gallant sen ice were diawn
from this source.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not un-
derstand, perhaps, exactly the application we in-
tended fo make, if he will excuse me a moment''
Mr, RICHARDSON. Certainly; with great
pkasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The very fact that the
fishenes were piotecicd, enabled the two States
which I have mt nuoned to furnish so large a pro-
poition of seamen,about fourteen or fifteen thou-
sand of the whole number, not because they are
more brave, or anything of the kind; but we had
eientsailois. It is ihe education, the discipline 1 them prepared, educated, Imbitunl searocn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Where did the other
thirty-five thousand now in the Navy come from >
Mr. FESSENDEN. DifTetent parts of the
country tinqtv stionably.
Mr.'RICHARDSON. Undoubtedly.
Mr. COLLAMER. From the commercial ser-
vice.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Undoubtedly; and there-
fore the commercial service furnishes just as good
men for the purposes of the naval service as you
furnish from Massachusetts and Maine, where
you pay this bounty of$400,000 per annum. That
is my argument, and I ask gentlemen to meet it
and reply to it. There is no reason why the peo-
ple in the Northwest and other portions of the
country should be taxed to pay this immense
bounty when we drawjust as good seamen with-
out having tins bounty at all. The bounty is not
necessary to make seamen. They are educated
just as well when no bounty is paid.
Mr. POWELL. I am aware that the argument
in favor of this bounty originally was that these
fisheiics furnished a nuisery for seamen; but if
that reason ever existed it has long since ceased.
We have now the largest commercial maiine ill
the world, and that, in my judgment, furnishesa
sufficient nursery for our seamen. There can
now be no valid reason, with such a large com-
mercial marine as we have, for giving this bounty
as a nurseiy for seamen in Maine and Massachu-
setts. This matter was elaborately investigated
during the administration of Mr. Pierce, and the
then Secretary of the Treasury reported, and his
repoit I have here'ofoie lead to the Senate, that
half of the money obtained for those bounties was
obtained by fiatid; and he said that this bounty
was a gieyter nursery for perjury than it wasfor
seamen. That was the opinion of the Secretary
of the Treasury of that day, that half of the boun-
ties paid were obtained by perjury; and he wound
up with the opinion that it was as much a nuise-
ry for pei jury and fraud as it was for seamen.
There is no justice in tins bounty, in my judg-
ment it was wrong from the beginning. U is tax-
ing the whole country for the benefit of the citi-
zens of two States, jor the two States of Mama
and Massachusetts get neaily all these bounties.
I will not. detain the Senate, but I do hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, I desire to ask the
Senator from Kentucky to change his proposition.
1 should like to vote, and 1 think my constituent
will sustain me, so long as New England is mak-
ing a fight against this agricultural appropiiatiou,
to take sK>0,0!!0 from the fishing bounties, and
devote it to the agncultuial interests of the coun-
try. If the Senator ftom Kentucky will change
his proposition in that way, 1 will vote for ir.
Mr. GRIMES. When the Senator from Ken-
tucky submitted a bill at the last session of Con-
gress to repeal the fishing bounties, 1 think 1 voted
vMili him. So far as I have investigated the sub-
ject, abstractly, I am m favor of the repeal of the
fishing bounties: but I find that they have existed
I'm the last seventy yeais; that for the last twenty
years strenuous elToi ts have been made by public,
men to proem e their lep'-al; that those who have
gone Lv'foie us, or a maj uaty of them, repiesent-
mg the people and the States in Congress, have
refused t •> repeal them: and now I do not propose,
upon an appropriation bill, when an amendment
is suddenly sprung upon us, to pass upon so great
a question as this, and decree the repeal of these
fishing bounties, when those who have gone be-
fore us, our fatheis m these Halls for tiie last
twenty years, have strenuously resisted ihe argu-
ments made in favot of the lepeal. I do not think
this is exactly the time to do it, or the occasion
to do it; and whatever may be my own individual
opinions as to the nbstiaet question of the pro-
priety of the fishing bounties, I am not prepared,
and shall not vote to-day to repeal them by an
amendment to this apnropi lation bill.
Air. CLARK. Mr. President, if, when the
time of trial came the people who receive these
bounties had failed, it would be an argument for
the lepeal; but when Maine and Massachusetts
m this war have so nobly responded and sent
forth their thousands of seamen, and we can see
what the effect of these bounties lias been, 1 ask
if any Senator now wants to break them down?
Is any Senator prepaied, when Maine and Mas-
sachusetts and those States have responded so
nobly, to say to them, "at the time when your
