1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sailois are manning the Navy of the Unit* d Slates, '
wo will take away and break do wn this nuiseryr" .
Sir, is this iho tinie to do such an a<nr
Mr.POWELL. I will say to the Senator from '
Kansas thaf I cannot change my proposition; bin \
if Congress will repeal these fishing bounties, I ;
will Willi him for any reasonable amount, much ;
larger than $130,000, for the agricultural interests, t
if he desires it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to know j
from Senators on the other side of the Chamber i
when the great Northwest failed in the disehaige :
of their duty to the country? Wh'.n did the ag-
ricultural interest of this country fid in responding
to the Ccdl of the country? We h.i\e emleavoted
heretofore lo prove to the country that an appro- I
pria ion of §130,000 for the benefit of agriculture
was necessary. You refused to vote it. Piove !
lo us that we have faded in our duty. Kansas :
to-day, that has no other interest than an agricui- i
tural interest, has furnished almost twice as many i
soldiers jii proportion to her numbeis as any other
State in tins Union. Out of a voting population
of eighteen thousand, she has furnished fourteen
regiments to the suvice of the country. When,
I ask, has Kansas ever met the. foe without gain-
ing a victory' You can fight, hut you cai: lose.
We fight and we win. Kansas, innh-r the gallant
Blunt, has in ninety-one days iought the enemy
five different times; and In re we are praying you
to encourage the great mdusti y oi' am icultuie in
a State containing eighty-one thousand square
miies. We say to you,encouiage us and we wili
make Kansas a cotton-grow mt: Stale; we \\ ill aid
in supplying much of the d< iu'iem y in tlmt great
article that has hoen caused hy the wiihcirawal f
States from tins Union. Van p!ay is a'l I ask
from New England. Stand by us and we wui
stand by you.
Mr. CLARK. I desire (o say a word, and but
a word, in reply to v. hut lies been sa'e by the
Senator from Kansas. i meant certainly no in-
vidious distinction between New England and the
Northwest. I am ready to award to the Senator
from Kansas and ins .State, and to all the great
North west, t hat pia^-1 whuh tiny have so emi-
nently deserved. If they have lough?, and have
been victouous when w<* have lost, h-L me say to
the Senator fnun Kansas, that out loss has been
his, and their vie lo lies have been our victories, be-
cause we are one part of the same '.neat country.
If the loss has fallen upon us, I pray him that
hoie in the Sen an he should not taunt us with it;
because kt me till him when our soldiers shall
be led as I trust they will be led, theie wni be no
failure and no defeat. Sir, we have tak-m mulling
fi om the West,.md va have taken nothing houi
Kansas. For seventy yais these bounties have
been paid to the New England iisli^imen. He
asks us to strike them down. For years past we
have paid something to the ngiiculuue of the
country. We ask to strike nothing down. We
do not take from you what you have ever had.
You simply ask to double tin appropriation for
agriculture; and we say in tins condition of the
counti y, win n you propose to mve moie than half
the pi o posed appi o prut lion ! u salai ies,11 js not the
time to do it. We have struck at nothing'; we have
cast no reproach atanybody. God knows wo lee!
the value oft heserv ices rendered hy the North west.
Mr. WILKINSON.Mr. Pr< sident, hist to say
a word, and but a woid, and not to discuss tins
proposition. 1 do not think the Senator troth
Kansas was entirely fair in charging upon New
England or the East the dt teat oi the pi oposii ion
in regard to the Agricultural Dcpaitm-ent of the
country, if my memory serves me i igat, and the
vote was taken brt-i raw mmuks ago, se\< rai Sen
atois ftom the Ni rrhwest voted against th *t piop-
o^ition, and several Senatois from Nov/ England
voted for the pionusilion.
Mi. SUMNER. 1 voted for it.
Mr. ANTHONY, i voted for it.
Mr. WILKINSON. Most uf those around me
voted for it.
Mr. FOSTER. And spoke for it.
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes,sn ; and spoke foi it.
Mr. LAN E, of Indiana. The Senator will find,
by looking to the yeas and nays, that a majouty
ot the Northwest voted against tins increase to
$130,000. I am willing that New England shall
bear all her pi opei burdens, and she is abundantly
able to bey r them; but the glory of cutting down
that appropriation belongs to the Northwest.
Mi. WILKINSON. That was just what I rose
to say, without intending to discuss this proposi-
tion: for I hardly know how i shall vote upon it.
I do not think the Senator from Kansas wasen-
tuely fair in'his assertion; nor do I think the
Senator fiom Kansas has a right to appropi late to
himself the sole charge of the agricultuial inter-
ests of the Northwest. There are several States
out there that amount to something' in agricultural
mattei s aside from Kansas. The people of Kan-
; sas are a good fighting people; but I have never
heard that they have become very deeply inter-
; ested in agriculture as yet. They have been too
much occupied with their war with the border-
| ruffians of Alissouii to pay any particular atten-
| tion to agriculture.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator per-
mit me to make a remaik?
Mr. WILKINSON. Certainly.
1 Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We claim that we
! have the aggregation of the farming and agricul-
: tural intelligence of all the Noith in Kansas.
: [Laughter.] When I make the charge against
■ New Cnglandjit is toumhdupon the fact that the
i. h airman of the Finance Committee is understood
; to he the failnr of the Senate, [laughter,] and
' v. hen he opposes a proposition it is lost. The
■ Senate will permit me to say there has been no
measure present', d to tins body in which the con-
st it uents whom 1 m pa 11.1 epresent lee I so deep an
. inteu st as this appropriation for the Agricultural
Depaitmcnt; and if I have shown more warmth
on the .subject than I should, I ttusT. I shall be
, pmdoned, lor I am trying to represent the feel-
ings of my constituents. We aie loyal; we are
, dt voted to the Union; and we ask that we may
not be nrglecu d.
in answer to one other suggestion, I will say,
the Senator fi om Minnesota icpiesents a proud
State, one iaiirerthan ours; but theie is no revo-
i luiion going on in the agncultuial inteu sis ot his
i State, lit my State tin !<• is. We ate endeavor-
ing to change our State ftom a com andwheat-
I'iowing to a eoUou-irtovvmg State. That, 1 sup-
; pose, cannot be done ju Minnesota.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. If my fuend from Min-
| msota will aliow me a moment, 1 wish to say a
1 w o i < 5 m ieply to my ft lend ftom Kansas, and I
; piay him to mve me his attention. If the Sena-
' tor from Maine is undeistood to be the father of
! the Senate by anybody, lie must be by the Sena-
i tor fiom Kansas, and, as one of bis ciumien, he
I would <rne that Senator a little advice, winch he
1 has a light to do, considering" the lelative situa-
tion ta w hii.li lie stands to hnn; and that is, that
in out conflicts h ere in the S"i) a to he will not u n -
i dt [.-"taiid that because a Senator opposes one ot
! his propositions, that, theteforo, he is bound him-
i self to make a personal maturof it, and quai rcl
! \\uh him for doing so; and because a Senator
[ from New England opposes one ot his proposi-
I tions, that it is necessaiv to conclude that it is a
: iscrtionai feeling that bungs it about. 1 beg the
i Senator to give me, and all othci Senators horn
| other sections of the count! y, the csedit, until he
i sers the conuaty, of neung hom proper motives
I ju the discharge of their duties, and tin amng to
! do the best they can for then counti y. 1 hat they
| may be mistaken in their views is very probable;
1 lam very often so; but, sir, as God is my judge,
! I never gave a vote m this Senate upon any sec-
tional ground whatever; and 1 believe I am not
in the habit of giving them oil light grounds of
any kind or description.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. The Senator will not
charge me with designing to impugn his motives.
. F ESSEN DEN. The language of the Scn-
ertaiuly would.
. LANE, of Kansas. I bad no such infm-
M i-
ator
~ Mr
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. I as*roe to both propositions of
the honorable Senator from Maine, that he n'-ver
'r~*ve a vote here that he did not conscientiously
believe to be right, and that he did not intend to
be sectional, f also agree most fully m his other
pioposiuon, that he has been very often mistaken
in the character of the votes winch he gave.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Kansas takes
this'matter about an appropriation to the Agricul-
tural Department very much to heart, and says
the people ho represents have a deep interest m
it. As this bill is notdisposed of and will be open
to amendment in the Senate* I wish to make a
suggestion to him. I see that by.strikingoutthat
amendment we killed a chemist, jot botanist, aft
entomologist, and an ornithologist. Now, i/rwe
might make a compromise—that seems to be tlte-
order of the day—and if the Senator from Kansas
wili indicate which of these professors it is that-
the people of Kansas have such a very, deep-in*
teru&t m, perhaps wc might save a couple of them.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the Senator from
New Hampshire will permit me, I wish to make
a suggestion to him. The proposition we were
voting upon did not include the positions bespeaks
|! of. They were sti icken out by the CommiUee;on
!| Finance. The Senator from Iowa moved to in-
ij sert an appropriation of #125,000 in the amend-
I; merit of the committee. So far as Kansas is con-
j1 corned, she wants $130,000 appropriated for the
[\ best interests of agriculture.
!t Mr. HALE. That is very indefinite.' It may
be by promoting ornithology or entomology.
| Ilowevei, let that go.
! I desire to say a single word in regard to this
''amendment of the Senator from Kentucky; for
Ji the very small State, that I, in part, so poorly rep re-
il sent, has a bule corner touching the sea-shore that
is railed Clam-Shell Corner, and the people there
are not only employed in cntchingclams,but use
some of the clams as bait for codfish, and to that
!i extent they are interested in this question about
:] the codfish bounties. [Laughur.] But, sir, it is
ji very small. The gieat interests of New England
>! are i epresented when appointments are to be made
i; by Massachusetts. {Laughter.] Whatever ia
!| dune for Massachusetts is done for New England;
■ and if anybody feels disposed togrumbleatthat,
! it is said they do not stand by New England. I
; have myself found fault with the great number of
1 appointments made from Massachusetts; but they
| are set down for New England, and wcaicapart
! of Massachusetts. [Laughter.] That is the uni-
i versal answer.
1 This bounty to fishermen can be defended on
I one ground, and but one; and that is, thai it is a
! school for educating seamen. I grunt that it is
' rather antagouistical to the policy of this coun-
\\ try; for the policy of this country has been to
j! educate gentlemen for officers and neglect the
'! common "people entiiely. You appropriate large
'' sums for educating gentlemen asofmers at West
;! Point; and you have actually prov ided by law
I; thaf, no matter how skillful a man may be, no
m.uo r how skilled in the woikthat goes to make
■ a sailor, and a brave sailor, he is ostracized by
. law, and cannot receive an appointment ju tha
:i Navy,unless lie goes through the NavalAcademy
at Anna polis or Newport. Tiiatis the law. Then,
: sir, this Government which educates officers, and
!' only officers, lias in this mattei relative to the cad
'j' fisheries one single item of appropriation for the
:jtducution of seamen not officer; and if you
j! strike this out, I think the (inverument will be
i' symmetueai and will be aristocratic entirely. I am
!' M rry that the only Democratic feature there is in
i! our policy should encounter such continued and
!' continuous and unremitting and long-continued
i; opposition from the Deniociatic side of this
jj Chamber. That is all I have to say to it.
|, The question being taken by yeas and nays,
i! resulted—yeas 8, nays 33: as follows:
ij YEAc?—Cartiic, Kennedy, I'ovvel], liicJinrdson,
{' &h 'iw:ui, Tinpie, Wall, and Wit-on <>i Mi---n,iri— 8.
j j NAY--—Mev.-.i - >\ ij t hoiu . A moid. Ch.mdiei. Ciai k. Col-
>; ] nnei. t.'ow.m, Davi-, Divm. iiuo.in!''. t'e^-eudeu, Font,
j: I'o-tci, OiHR-s li-tle, HaKiia'jr. Ham*, tlieli-.
jj Iluwaui, Howe, King, L.uw ot liatiini.i, L:\ne c.i K;insa-:,
li Lntlttnn, AIcOou^ill, iMortii!. PoeaeifM, H:ce, ^inntitT,
!; 'J'mnifiuli. Wade, Wilkinson, Wuley, Wiimot, and Wii
j. yon oi Mai-a^liu-'i'tts—••o.
;; So the amendment w«i,i rejected.
j The bill was repoitevl to the Senate.
il The VICE PRES! DENT. If no separate vote
{• be r: quested upon any amendment, the question
|! will be taken in gross on concuirmg in ail the
J amendmcyits made as in Committee of the Whole.
:: Mr. FOOT. I ask for a separate va£e on
!j amendment in regard to the Agricultural Depart*
i' lll-'tH.
!; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
j; the question on coucuning in all the amendments
! otiier than the one indicated by the Senator from
1, Vei mont.
I'iic amendments were concurred in.
Ij The VICE PRESIDENT. The excepted
fi amendment will now be read.
