678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Secretary read the amendment; which was
to strike out from line six hundred and thirty-three
to line six hundred and fifty-two inclusive, and to
insert the following m lieu thereof:
For the salaiy of the Commissioner of Agriculture, $3,000.
For tlie salary of the chief clerk 111 the Department of
Agriculture. $2,000.
For the collection and compiling of agricultural statistics,
for promoting agrieiillUKil and rural economy, and tile pro-
curement, piopag.uion, and distribution of cuttinjra n.id
seeds of new and useful varieties and for the introduction
and piotecnon of insectivorous birds, and for the purpose
of establishing a laboratory with the necessary apparatus fot
practical and scientific experiments? m agricultural chem-
istry, and for payin? the clerks and employes and contin-
gent expense1' necessary in «.aid Department, ,$60,000.
For investigations to tes«t the practicability of cultivating
and preparing flax and hemp a* a substitute lor cotton,
$20,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
insert in the place of $60,000, §100,000; $20,000 of
which to be used for the purpose included in the
last amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The last amendment
stands.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Then I will
simply move to strike out $(>0,000 and insert
$80,000. There is some feeling in regard to this
matter, and I think ihat if we make a general ap-
propriation of $80,000and then put tn $20,000 for
this special purpose, making $100,000 altogether,
it will he satisfactory all around.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must ask for Lhe yeas
and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 27, nays 14; as foliow.M
YEAS —Mos^r< . Ant lion}, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Cul-
lamr-i, 0?ivis, Divon, Doolittle. Foot, Gi tme>, ii.uian, iiai
ris, llendei^on, IJiek*, ilowatd, Howe, Lane ol Kaiwi^,
Latham, AlcDougall, Moiuil, Pometoy, Powell, Snmnei,
Tnimtmil, Willey, VVUmmi of Maj.o«iehu.M-u->, and Wilson
of .Missouri—07.
NAY^—Messrs. Cowan, Fc«senden, Foster, Hale, Hard
lug, Kennedv, King, Lane of I ndiaim. Hire, Sherman, Tur-
pie, Wall, Wilkinson, and VVilmot—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer as an amendment, to
be appended to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island, the following:
To be expended umlet the direction of tlnee commission-
ers to be appointed by tbo I're&ident ot the United ^taiei--
If the purpose that is sought to be accomplished
by the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Rhode Island were connected
with the agricultural pat t of what may relate to
flax, I should not propose this amendment; but
the purpose is to manage in Rome way or other to
furnish inducements to mechanicians to develop
the method of spinning and weaving this flnx-
cotton. There is no doubt as to the possibility
of producing flax-cotton. The difficulty all lies
in spinning it, and then in weaving it; I umiei-
stnnd that the great trouble is in spuming it. [
hold in my hand some of the cloth that is mad-'
fioni this article, a poition of it being cotton and
another portion of it being (lax. The purpose is
to develop some sort of machinery, some piocess,
by which cloth can be made entirely of flax. For
that purpose, there is no sort of facility to he fur-
nished by the Agiicultural Department of this
Government. Such facilities must be derived
through some other agencics; and 1 therefore pro-
pose that the President shall have authority to
appoint commissioners who are skilled in manu-
factures of this sort, to investigate the whole
subject.
Mr. RICEf I suggest to my ft tend from Iowa,
if it would not be better to otTer a premium to
somebody that would invent a machine for this
purpose, and that would avoid the necessity of
creating a new office.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very possible, probable
indeed, that that would be the best method ot
reaching it, and the amendment which I propu.se
gives the commissionci s the power to do that,
Mr. RICE. The Pi evident may find the com-
missioners, but he cannot find the br&ins in any
thiee men to develop a measure of that kind. The
cotton gin was not invented by legislation. None
of our great improvements have been invented in
any respect by legislation. They can be fostered;
and I think it would be better to offer a premium
to any one that would make the necessary inven-
tion in this case.
Mr. CLARK. For years and years the manu-
facturers of the country connectcd with the cotton
manufacture, have been endeavoring to perfect the
February 2,
manufacture of flax. Thegreat difficulty lias been
in preparing the flax for manufacture, the ma-
chinery they have had for that purpose cutting it
into what may be called the short staple, so as to
spoil it entirely. I have no doubt—and 1 am in
favor ofthisamendmentof the Senator from Iowa
—that among those people who have been turn-
ing their attention to it for years and years, the
President will find some suitable men into whose
hands he may commit ir. If it is thought best to
offer a premium, I have no objection. 1 think this
amendment necessary for that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to this
appropriation of $20,000; indeed, I voted for it;
but 1 consider it of doubtful policy, at least, to
organize another bureau, another department of
agriculture. I certainly would rather leave this
under the same control as the general appropria-
tion. We have a Commissioner of Agriculture.
Let him attend to this business.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow mo to make a sug-
gestion that I think will meetSenator's views, and
I hope the Senator from Iowa will agree to it. Let
him say, " three commissioners who shall serve
without compensation."
Mr. GRIMES. I will agree to that.
! Mr. ANTHONY. We can get better ones with-
out compensation than with ft.
Mr. POM EROY. That does not do away with
the objection I have. My objection is not to al-
lowing compensation to the commissioners, but
to the foct that it is a new bureau, commissioners
appointed in this department not conn oiled by the
Agricultural Butean. If I vote for this appropri-
ation at all, I want it connected with the Agricul-
tural Department. It is ot) that account that I
oppose the amendmentof the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope this amendment
will not pievail. it is useless to attempt to dis-
guise what it is. It mmpiy an amendment of-
fered to take the control of tins matter fiom the
Commissioner of Agriculture. That is the design
of it.
We have a Commissioner of Agriculture. I
shall not under lake to vindicate his conduct in I he
management of that Department, rnn shall I make
any attacks upon him; hut he is placed there, and
who put him thete? Who, but (he President of
the United States, whom you propose now to au-
thorize to select your thiee commissioners? I
thmk the Commissioner of Agriculture can select
the persons to make these experiments just ns
well as the President of the United States. I th i nk
the President of the United States has enough to
do at this time without entering the manufactur-
ing establishments of the country to make exper-
menis m the manufacture of llax, and I trust this
amendment will not pievail. I do not think any-
thing will be accomplished by it; but it looks to
me very much like a blow at youi CommisMoner
of Agi iculture. I am opposed to doing things in
that way. I think that he can employ the men
| just as well as the Pi estdent of the XTnited States
l can, and I want no thiee olfices established by
: this bill. 1 have voted for the huge appropi lation,
| but this proposition comes from a Senator who
[ baa been opposed to the large appropriation, and
1 now he proposes to have three grand conmusMon-
' ers appointed by the President, by and with the
! advico and consent of the Senate, I suppose. Is
! that it ?
j Mr. GRIMES. It creates no additional cx-
! pense.
, Mr. TRUMBULL. Are they not to be paid? 1
j Air. GRIMES. No, sii; they are to serve with- j
; out compensation. ~ j
j Mr, 1 RUM HULL. That was not the amend-
ment offered. Has it been thus modified? •-
Mr. GRIMES. It has been.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you expect to accom-)
phsh anything m that way ? For one, f am op- ^
posed to employing men without compensation
to undertake this business. I think you had bet- 1
ter pay the men you employ a reasonable remu-
neration tor their service^. Let the Commissioner !
of Agriculture, that lias charge of these matters,
manage it; let him make the selection. ! hope the
amendment will not prevail. f
Mr. HALE. Iam opposed to employing com- '
missioners without compensation for this reason:
experience has taught me the folly of it. We em- 1
ployed a commission?i a ye*)rago or more to buy j
ships,ata commission of two and a half per cent., :
and wo thought it was a pretty extravagant sum. '
and to remedy that we appointed another commis-
sioner to buy them, without any compensation,
and he charged six per cent.; so that when we
pay them it is cheaper than when they work with-
out pay.
Now, in regard to this appropriation, let me say
that gentlemen are exceedingly mistaken when
they think this is a thing to be done m a moment.
The spinning of flax was the great desideratum
of Bonaparte's life, and his failure in that partic-
ular item was the subject of reflection to the day
of his death during all his solitary imprison men tat
St. Helena. It was thegreatidea that he cherished,
and it was to be the'wstrumentdlity by which
England was to be humbled and his continental
system was to be enforced. It has baffled the in-
genuity of the world from that day to this. Gen-
tlemen get up here and talk as if it was going to
be done by appointing a commission right off. It
reminds me of one of the orders that was issued
by a Roman general when he returned in triumph
from sacking some of the cities of Greece. He
took some of their finest statuary with him; and
he made an order that if any of those who were
employed in transporting it should break it, they
should be compelled to furnish new statuary when
they got to Rome. [Laughter.] They'conlddo
it just exactly as well as you can by a little legis-
lation here produce this gieat desideratum, which
has baffled the ingenuity of the world thus far. I
know that improvements have been made, but
they are not to be made in this way. I voted for
the amendment proposed by the honorable Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, and I think we had better
let it stand as it is.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, if this propo-
sition which I have submitted had been really in-
tend* d by me as an attack upon the Commissioner
of Agi ieulture, I certainly should not have pro-
posed it, for I should have known that I was to
meet the astute advocacy of that Commissioner
on the part of the Senator from Illinois. But I
was as innocent as an unborn child of any design
to attack the Commissioner of Agricultuie, I never
saw the man in my life; never was in Ins Depart-
ment; never had any conespondence with him,
either directly or nuluectly. I do not know him.
I should not know him if I were to meet him on
the sheet. I do not know the slightest thing in
lCgaid to his capacity for the transaction of this
business. I have heard of him as an excellent
dairyman, a practical agriculturist, in the State of
Pennsylvania; but I do not believe that, because
he is a practical agriculturist, he is, therefore, the
man to assist in developing the manufacture of an
agricultural product into fabrics to he worn by
the people of this count) y. I believe that the peo-
ple of Illinois, as well as of Iowa, are more in-
terested in the manufactuic of this article than in
alt the sums that have been appropriated for your
Agiieultut\tl Bureau daring the last ten years, or
that will be appropriated for that purpose for the
next ten yeais.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Iowa if he thinks the Presi-
dent himself is specially skilled m th is matter?
Mr. GRIMES. We shall give the Piesident
another chance to select a man. We shall give
him three chances; and I think that the presump-
tion is that, at any late, of the three he will select
some man who has some capacity in a matter of
this sort. If the Senator desues that we should
exercise control over it ourselves, and will propose
to amend it so as to reserve to the Senate the power
to ratify and confirm the nominations, I am con-
tent that it shall be so.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Iowa
answer me one question?
Mr. GRIMES. I will, if I can.
Mr. HOWARD, lias not the Commissioner
of Agricultuie aheady, under the statures in ex-
isKnce, the aulhotity to appoint commissioners
and all o her agents for the purpose of doing the
same business 'hat is to be done by these three
commissioners to be appointed by the President
as the Senator proposes?
Mr. GRIMES, I have no knowledge of any
such authority on his part. I am satisfied he has
none under our appropriation bills.
Mr. HOWARD. I think you will find that he
has full authority to administer his enure Depart-
ment in all its various branches.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think that the Senator from
Michigan will find, upon reference to the law, that
