1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate' & Ho.- op Reps;
No practical limit upon this increase has as yet
been proposed by the parties interested in it.
The Secretary has already shown that the case
was far otherwise with the circulation of United
States notes. A condition had been created by
the suspension which made loans of coin impos-
sible. Loans of corporate notes, objectionable in
themselves, were positively prohibited by a law
not likely to bo repealed. The extension of the
United States note circulation, until sufficient in
amount to enable the Secretary to obtain it from
holders by way of loj?ns, was equally inevitable.
A practical limit on its increase is imposed by the
judicious legislation of Congress, which makes
the notes receivable for loans, and requires that
the interest on bonds for loans shall be paid in
coin.
Under these circumstances, the path of wisdom
and duty seems very clear. It leads to the sup-
port of a United States note circulation, and to
the reduction of the bank note circulation. A
comparatively small reduction of the latter will
allow ample room for the whole increase of the
former, authorized by existing laws; and as the
reduction proceeds the increase may be extended,
never, however, passing the point which admits
the negotiation of loans at reasonable rates. The
Secretary has heretofore advised the imposing of
a moderate tax on corporate circulation,and now
renews the recommendation as the best means of
reduction and gradual substitution. Such a tax
involves no hardships. Notes circulating as
money cost nothing beyond the expense of pro-
duction and supervision, and yet form a highly
accumulative species of property. The necessi-
ties of the war have caused the taxation of almost
all forms of value. Can there be a sound reason
for exempting that which costs the proprietor
least and brings hiro most?
It may be properly added that this desirable
substitution of a circulation uniform in descrip-
tion and value, for a circulation varying widely in
both, may, perhaps, be more easily and benefi-
cially effected now than at any other time. The
circulation of United States notes may greatly
facilitate the payments to the banks through which
their own notes must be withdrawn; and thus,
not only protect the community from the incon-
veniences, but the banks from the losses which
might otherwise attend reduction.
It may also be added that when the substitu-
tion shall have been accomplished, and,perhaps,
if circumstances favor, at an earlier period, pay-
ments in specie of United States notes may be
resumed with less cost and less injury to busi-
ness than would attend a like resumption in pay-
ment of corporate notes. With comparatively
trivial sacrifice, the Government can, whenever
its expenditures are reduced to its revenue, pro-
vide, by loan or otherwise, all the coin needed to
commence and maintain the resumption.
While the Secretary thus repeats the preference
he has heretofore expressed for a United States
note circulation,even when issued directly by the
Government, and dependent on the action of the
Government for regulation and final redemption,
over the note circulation of the numerous and va-
riously organized and variously responsible banks
now existing in the country; and while he now
sets forth, more fully than heretofore, the grounds
of that preference, he still adheres to the opinion
expressed in his last report, that a circulation fur-
nished by the Government, but issued by banking
associations organized under a general act of Con-
gress, is to be preferred to either. Such a cir-
culation, uniform in general characteristics, and
amply secured as to prompt convertibility by na-
tional bonds deposited in the Treasury by the asso-
ciations receiving it, would unite, in his judgment,
more elements of soundness and utility than can
be combined in any other.
A circulation composed exclusively of notes is-
sued directly by the.Government, or of such notes
and coin, is recommended mainly by two consid-
erations: the first derived from the facility with
which it may be provided in emergencies, and the
second from its cheapness.
The principal objections to such a circulation as
a permanent system are: (1) the facility of exces-
sive expansion when expenditures exceed reve-
nue; (2) the danger of lavish and corrupt expend-
iture, stimulated by facility of expansion; (3) the
danger of fraud in management and supervision;
(4) the impossibility of providing it in sufficient
amounts for the wants of the people whenever
expenditures are reduced to equality with revenue
or below it.
These objections are all serious. The last re-
quires some elucidation. It wilt be easily under-
stood, however, if it be considered that a Govern-
ment issuing a credit circulation cannot supply, in
any given period, an amount of currency greater
thanlhe excess of its disbursements over its re-
ceipts. To that amount, it may create a debt in
small notes, and these notes may be used as cur-
rency. This is precisely the way in which the
existing currency of United States notes is sup-
plied. That portion of the expenditure not met
by revenue or loans has been met by the issue of
these notes. Debt in this form has been substi-
tuted for various debts in other forms. When-
ever, therefore, the country shall be restored to
a healthy normal condition, and receipts excecd
expenditures, the supply of United States notes
will be arrested, and must progressively diminish.
Whatever demand may be made for their redemp-
tion in coin must hasten this diminution; and there
can be no reissue; for reissue, under the condi-
tions, necessarily implies disbursement, and the
revenue, upon the supposition,supplies more than
is needed for that purpose. There is then no mode
in which a currency in United States notes can be
permanently maintained, except by loans of them,
when not reqaired for disbursement, on deposits of
com, or pledge of securities, or in some other way.
This would convert the Treasury into a Govern-
ment bank, with all its hazards and mischiefs.
If these reasonings be sound, little room can
remain for doubt that the evils certain to arise
from such a scheme of currency, if adopted as a
permanent system, greatly overbalance the tem-
porary, though not inconsiderable, advantages
offered by it.
It remains to be considered what results may
be reasonably expected from an act authorizing
the organization of banking associations, such as
the Secretary proposed in his last report.
The central idea of the proposed measure is the
establishment of one sound, uniform circulation,
of equal value throughout the country, upon the
foundation of national credit combined with pri-
vate capital.
Such a currency, it is believed, can be secured
through banking associations organized under
national legislation.
It is proposed that these associations be entirely
voluntary. Any persons, desirous of employing
real capital in sufficient amounts, can, if the plan
be; adopted, unite together under proper articles,
and, having contributed the requisite capital, can
invest such part of it, not less than a fixed mini-
mum, in United States bonds, and having depos-
ited these bonds with the proper officer of the
United States, can receive United States notes in
such denominations as may be desired, and em-
ploy them as money in discounts and exchanges.
The stockholders of any existing banks can, m
like manner, organize under the act, and transfer,
by such degrees as may be found convenient, the
capital of the old to the use of the new associa-
tions. The notes thus put into circulation will be
payable, until resumption, in United States note*,
and, after resumption, in specie, by the associa-
tion which issues them, on demand; and if not so
paid will be redeemable at the Treasury of the
United States from the proceeds of the bonds
pledged in security. In the practical working of
the plan, if sanctioned by Congress, redemption
at one or more of the great commercial centers will
probably be provided for by all the associations
which circulate the notes, and in case any asso-
ciation shall fail in .such redemption, the Treas-
urer of the United States will probably, under
discretionary authority, pay the notes, and cancel
the public debt held as secuiity.
It seems difficult to conceive of a note circula-
tion which will combine higher local and general
credit than this. After a few years no other cir-
culation would be used, nor could the issues of
the national circulation be easily inc-reascd be-
yond the legitimate demands of business. Every
dollar of circulation would represent real capital,
actually invested in national stocks, and the total
amountissued could ahvaysbe easily and quickly
ascertained from the books ofthe Treasury. 'These
circumstances, if they might not wholly remove
the temptation to excessive issues, would certainly
reduce it to the lowest point, while the form of
the notes, the uniformity of devices, the signa-
tures of national officers, and the imprint of the
national seal, authenticating the declaration borne
on each that it is secured by bonds which repre-
sent the faith and capital of the whole country,
could not fail to make every note as good in any
part of the world as the best known and Itest es-
teemed national securities.
The Secretary has already mentioned the sup-
port to public credit which may be expected from
the proposed associations. The importance of this
point may excuse some additional observations.
The organization proposed, if sanctioned by
Congress, would require within a very few years,
for deposit as security for circulation, bonds of
the United States to an amount not less than
$250,000,000. It may well be expected, indeed,
since the circulation, by uniformity in credit and
value, and capacity of quick and cheap transpor-
tation, will be likely to oe used more extensively
than any hitherto issued, that the demand for
bonds will overpass this limit. Should Congress
see fit to restrict the privilege of deposit to the
bonds known as five-twenties, authorized by the
act 'jf last session, the demand would promptly
absorb all of that description already issued, and
make large room for more. A steady market
for the bonds would thus be established and the
negotiation of them greatly facilitated.
Hut it is not in immediate results that the value
of this support would be only or chiefly seen.
There arc always holders who desire to sell se-
curities of whatever kind. If buyers are few or
uncertain, the market value must decline. But
the plan proposed would create a constant demand,
equaling and often exceeding the supply. Thus
a steady uniformity in price would be maintained,
and generally at a rate somewhat above those of
bonds of equal credit, but not available to bank-
ing associations. It is not easy to appreciate the
full benefits of such conditions to a Government
obliged to borrow.
Another advantage to be derived from such as-
sociations would be found in the convenient agen-
cies which they would furnish for the deposit of
public moneys.
The Secretary does not propose to interfere with
the Independent Treasury. It may be advan-
tageously retained, with the Assistant Treasurers
already established in the most important cities,
where the customs may be collected as now, in
coin or Treasury notes issued directly by the
Government, but not furnished to banking asso-
ciations.
Kut whatever the advantages of such arrange-
ments in the commercial cities in relation to cus-
toms, it seems clear that the secured national cir-
culation furnished to the banking associations
should be received everywhere for all other dues
than customs, and that these associations will
constitute the best and safest depositaries of the
revenues derived from such receipts. The con-
venience and utility to the Government of their
employment in this capacity, and often, also, as
agents for payments and as distributors ofstamps,
need no demonstration. The necessity for some
other depositaries than surveyors of ports, re-
ceivers, postmasters, and other officers, of whose
responsibility and fitness, in many cases, nothing
satisfactory can be known, is acknowledged by
the provision for selection by the Secretary con-
tained in the internal levenue act; and it seems
very clear that the public interest will be secured
far more certainly by the organization and em-
ployment of associations organized as proposed
than by official selection.
Another and very important advantage of the
proposed plan has already been adverted to. It
will reconcile, as fur as practicable, the interests
of existing institutions with those of the whole
people.
All changes, however important, should be in-
troduced with caution, and proceeded in with cnrc-
ful regard to every affected interest. Rash inno-
vation is not less dangerous than stupefied inaction.
. The time has come when a circulation of United
j States notes, in some form, must be employed.
! The people demand uniformity in currency, and
