678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
to give him this particular authority. Certainly
I shall vote against it, for the very reason that it
opens the door to these experimental operations,
which in the end will cost vastly more than they
come to, I apprehend.
Mr. HOWE. If this amendment is designed
to dedicate a specific portion of this appropriation
to the purchase of seeds, tobacco and cotton seed,
I have simply to remark that it is entirely unne-
cessary, because, as has been remarked by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, the Commissioner of Agri-
culture already has ample authority to furnish
these seeds; and if the people of any portion of the
United Stales desire them to experiment with,
upon making known their request to the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture, they will undoubtedly be
furnished hereafter, as I understand they have
been heretofore. If it is intended, however, to in-
augurate the culture of cotton and tobacco, or to
encourage the culture of those two articles in the
United States generally, or in any particular por-
tion of the United Suites, I have simply to say
that I understand those to be the last two prod-
ucts in the United States which require any en-
couragement whatever. I do not know of any two
products that nerd less encouragement than these,
unless it be whisky and beer.
The United Stales of America, allow me to re-
mark, Mr. Preside! it, already possess the best cot-
ton fields in the woi id, and it is lie* most profitable
crop in the world. It mh crop (hut they produce
here with such facility, that, notw ithstandsiu; tla-y
cultivate itwith the most expensive labor known
in t he world, it has yielded such enormous profits
as really induced two yeais a<ro—and I do not
know but what the same tinny; is true this day—
those who are engaged especially in that culture
to believe that by reason of it they commanded
thedestiniesofthe world ingeneial,and ofthr Uni-
ted States m paiticuhu. Now, 1 do not know in
that state of facts why w< should odor any ad-
ditional inducement to the cultivation of tiiat crop.
I know the cultivation of it has been disturbed
the last two yeais. Pel haps the yield is not as i
great as it was before the breaking outof this war; j
the prolutnay be somewhat ledneed; but i am i
one of those who believe that the United States of '
Ameiica will m ten yeats hence produce very j
much more cotton, and at lower prices, at <-h< aper >
rates, than it ever has been pi odneed at hei etoibi e; ,
and 1 do not think the appropt Mtion of £>3,000 or |
$6,000 now to be expended undei the direction of ,
the Agricultural L u1*eau is going to hasten that !
period. I would lather inciease the t.ppiopriu- !
tions to he made under some oi the other Depai t-
ments of the Government, m older to hasten that
time.
Mr. KENNEDY. I do n,i desire to prolong
the debate, but having had m foimeryeais some
experience in repaid to cotton, I ciunot sit still
and hear gentlemen talk about the piobabilny of
the cotton u op being gi eat I y increased m its pro-
duction outside of what ha4? lx en d< nominaied |
heretofore the cotton zone of the United States. '
If gentleman will refer to a very elaborate and a j
very able icpoi t made by a M r. Andrews, I think,
about the year ]SoG—-one of the most elaborate
and able leports m i og.ird to the culture of cotton
that have ever yet been brought to the nth ntion
of Congress or of the woihi— they will find (hat
it is almost exclusmly emilinett within ernaiii
parallels of latitude. In this country between the
twenty seventh and thirty-filth parallels, there is
a combination of soil and '-lunate tint produces a
staple of which the woi'd novvheiu eNe has ever
been able to produce the equal. 1 myself, in the
early part of my life, was largely engaged in the
manufaeture of cotton. I have seen the day when
under high tariffs, and und'T the regulations of
trade, we could import for t he coarser fabi ics 1 hat
we manuOic'mvd Surat cotton from the Bist
Indies at eight cunts a pound, that was mo<e ad-
vantageous to us than to buy even the Vngmu,
and thu Noith Carolina,find "the UpperTcunessee
cotton.
I was at that time engaged as a practical man-
ufacturer of cotton. I have grown cotton, and I
have worked it up into goods; and 1 do not be-
lieve that we can ever by any bounty we can offer
produce a staple in any latitudes beyond 3.rP m
36° coming north, that can by any possibility in
the world enter into the manufacture of the liner
class of cotton goods. Loup; yeais since we <ir< vv
& Virginia and North Carolina cotton, a short,
woolly staple, which sold at a very low rate, but
at one time under the restrictions of tiade it got
up to ten cents a pound perhaps, when the Surnt
cotton was brought fiom India and put down in
the State of Maryland, in a factory in which I was
a partner, at seven cents a pound. When we
bought this raw material, it was to obviate the
high duty that was imposed on cotton fabrics. It
was as well adapted to the coarser kinds of manu-
factured goods as the cotton that we grow here.
I do not believe that in this latitude we can to-
day grow cotton with any certainty. J know that
m my State, in some seasons, I can grow a very
fair sample of cotton, but the idea that we can
raise it so as to be an article of sale or an aiticle
upon the production of which we can rely, is, m
mv view, utterly fallacious. No bounty you can
offer will accomplish that result. It depends upon
climate and season and soil. You may have some
yeais, when you have no frosts, when you have
a vei y favorable season for its growth, when it
can be ptoduoed; but when it is done, you get a
little, short, wny staple. I have no doubt there
are gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber
coniing from the eastern States who undei stand
what lam talking about. I am perfectly suie that
with any bounty you may offer, you am not in-
troduce the growth of cotton to any extent, either
for sale or export, north of latitudes 34° or 35°.
What may be done in Kansas upon their per-
fectly fresh lands, I do not know. I am inclined
to think ihey may produce a crop for one or two
or three years; but it will soon wear out. It is
a known fact that as far back as sixty or sev-
enty years ago, eveiy plantation in Maryland
and in Virginia had us own cotton natch, and H
entered laigely into the clothing of ail the servants
of those States. We know that now, however,
cotton is not giow n there. Now, sir, if you at
this d.iy, in the face of what has gone before us,
in tb" face of the experience of these Stales, un-
dertake by offounga bounty to nncoiun^e it, you
only come to the lesttlt which was attained over
sixty or seventy yeais since.
I do not mean to make my remarks applicable
to any of the i ie.-h and new lands; hut when you
undertake to cultivate cotton in the older States
no>:h e.f the paialle! of 3t)°, you certainly hiing
it upon lands ihaf have been mote or less worn
out, and you cannot giow it there, i am so well
petsuaded of this fa< t, from my oKpeuenee both,
as a planter and a manufact ui cr of cotton myself,
that I ivgmd the whole thing as a mere chimera.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 hope the Senate will
i excuse me while 1 make a simrle statement. I>y
, visiting the Agi i cultural Depai tment, you will find
! samples of Kansas ^rown cotton equal to any of
, the Georgia and Aikunxas upland cotton. Our
1 people have not only grown it but they have man-
1 ufactured it ou tin ir wheels and looms at home,
and ilthough w might not profit,oily grow cot-
ton at < ucht or nine cents a pound, the old pi ice,
w tee! t hat we can grow i'- successfully and profit-
ably at f'nim fifteen to sixteen cents a pound; and
that we can grow cotton .ill over the State of Kan-
sas we do not doubt. Now, 1 desue to say to the
I Senator fi om Maryland we do not ask a bounty;
i but we ask that these set ds may be placed within
i ou! reach, that we may grow the cotton that our
! new land is adapted to in our opinion,
j Ml. McDOUGALL. Mr. IVsidtnt, as thh
i subject is In nig did<'ussed, and the S. nator from
| Maiyland has stated a special amount of know I-
i ed^e in regard to it, I will make a tew observa-
! turns as to a count! y of which he is probably not
j so welt informed, w her\ if the Government will
i furnish facilities, the counliy may be developed
; by the introduction of cotton. I am of opinion
! that we have on the western side of the continent
j a country where cotton can be produced and grown
i as cheaply ns it can be giowu in Alabama The
! \ alley of the Gila and the valley or the Colorado,
| in my pidgment, farnis'u bet'Ci cotton fields than
any portion of the southern valley of tin* Missis-
! *ippi. Experiments in cotton gi owing have been
! tried throughout California up as fir as the bay
| of San Francisco. They are being tried now.
• The production js so much greater than it is even
in the lich \ alleys of the South, that they under-
take to say that they can compete with them. In
Mexico, with almost a similar climate to that of
ours of California, the expeiiment was tried on
a large scale by one large cotton manufacturer,
who has three of the largest cotton manufactories
in Mexico. Don Mnnucl Escandon, who has a
factory m central Mexico, one m noi ihwest Mex-
ico, and one about the cemial part of Mexico in
the west. He concluded that he could giow with
the labor he could find in that country cotton to
bettcradvantago than he could import it into Mex-
ico. It is an experiment worthy of being pro-
moted; for I believe that with free labor in what
are now the free portions of the United States,
cotton can be grown advantageously. I n Illinois,
the last time i was there, I met the editor of tho
principal agricultural journal, and he informed me
that they were putting in large fields of cotton in
Illinois last year, and that the experiments there
bad proved a success. I am inclined to think that
it is a legitimate business of the Government to
promote enterprises like this by furnishing facil-
ities to agncuhui ists in various localities, giving
them the means to reach the seed which may pro-
duce the staple and test Hs capabilities in the dif-
ferent parts of the country. I think it worth
try ms;.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments weie ordeied to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a thud time.
• Mr. SUMNER. I wish to state that there is
pending befoie the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions a proposition of an important chauicter,
which, if adopted, will require the offering of an
amendment to this lull.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can go on the miscel-
laneous bill just as well as on this.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there anotherappropriation
bill coming tn ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I have nothing to say.
! Th" bill was passed; and, on motion of Mr.
J FESSENDEN, its title was amended to read:
j; Si An act making appropi lations for the legislative,
I; executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
:! ment for the year ending the 30;h of June, 18G4,
!; and for the year ending the 33th of June, 18G3,
;j and for other puiposes."
!j COMMITTEE SKRVrCE.
ii Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Chairbc au-
j! thoiiZ'-d to fill the vacancy upon the Committee
lj ou Foie'.gn Relations, caused by the retirement
ot the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. BnowNixc.]
;; Tin' motion was agreed to.
:| Mr. W1L.SOX. of Missouri. At the request
!i of my colleague, [Mr. Henderson,] I move that
; he be excused fi om further service upon the Com-
; mitt^e on the D^met of Columbia.
i The motion was agreed to.
i
i! rm:\Tii intervention in mkxico.
i! Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to take up the
I resolutions winch 1 called up this moinmg, but
i! then postponed, introductd by myself wiih re-
gaidtoour relations with Fiance and Mexico.
!; Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope no such thing will be
'! done; and on th it 1 wish to be heaid. „
p Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 wish, then, to be heard
myself i have the lloor, and if the question is to
: be discussed 1 will discuss it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion before
ji the Senate is to postpone all ptior ordeis for the
I purpose of proceeding to the consideration of the
>i lesulutions indicated by the Senator from Cahfor-
i' nia On that motion the meiits of resolution are
;! not open to discussion.
| Mr. McDOUGALL. These resolutions have
■' been introduced for something like thiee weeks.
I called the attention of the chan man of the Com-
■j mKtee on Foieign Relations to the subject belorc
'< mttoilucing the resolutions. I have postponed
their consideiation, or have not sought to call
\ them up from tune to time, waitmg upon other
public business. I regard them as of the. fir^t im-
.I portance. I have not distuibed the Senate in the
j! consideration of bu^ines-a in long talks, either at
II the lest session or this. I think 'he subject is one
about which Senators should tike counsel with
ij each other. I have opinions. I do not know that
' the opinion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
>. the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, would not concur vv ith my own if he heard
: | what views I had to advance, and upon w hat facts
I based them.
1 Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator from Cal-
'1 iforma allow me a single word ? I suggest whether,
p m his judgment, the discussion of this subject is
i not one proper for an executive session?
