680
T&E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
how wo should better ourselves by rejecting those
amendments containing thisenumeration of items?
The House has at ready passed disappropriation,
and if wc p-ject the amendment of the Senate, the
nppropj i.uion will still stand, except that there
will not he an enumeration item by item. The
estimate for this item will be found upon page 183
of the estimates: "For medicine and medical at-
tendance for negro refugees,commonly called con-
trabands, $50,000." We aggregated the items
contained in the estimates. The Senate have sepa-
rated the items, and among them is the item I have
just read.
Mr. MALLORY. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that this item of ap-
propriation to pay for medical services to this class
of peisotis is not in the original bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, it is.
Mr. MALLORY. It is not named in the ori-
ginal hill.
Mr.STEVEN'S. It is a part of the f12,000,000.
Mr. MALLORY. Hut you never gave the
House any means of knowing that fact in the ori-
gin.il bill. No such specific item was contained
in the original bill.
Mr. STEVENS. It is included in the $12,000,-
000, as the gentleman, if he looks at the estimates,
Will see. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WIQKL1FFR. I call for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Me—is AUhich. Alle\, Arnold. A-hley, Bus
tei, HeniiMii, Btnuhmn, lil.ilo', BmTmiort, Cmi.h.nn,
b.jll, Ca-ey, ClatU. Clement*., Fm-iIi'i ick A ("onkIm«t, Uns-
coe ('unklin^, („\>nw<u, ('utler, D.ivi--, D.iu e >, htinii, 11*1-
W'liilEliot. Fontoa, ^.uniii'l U Few mien, Tlmum- 1)
FevM'iiilen. Fishei, I'liUiebof, Goodwin, Giiinyt. Hooper,
Morton, JJiifcliiUf., J11ii.'*!I, lv-lli'V, l-'i.uiee. \V. Ke|lo<™,
I/in-mg. Lean, Loonu-., Lovcjoj, Low, Melmloe. .Me
Keim. .McKtii^lit, Ylel'hcisnn, Mauiaid, Mucln-H, An-on
P. Morrill. Ju-tin S .Morrill, \i\on, (>hn, Ttinothv G
I'll''!;)-, i'omeioj. John fl Uiei>. Edward I! Hat-
r'mu, rn-d^wick, Shank-, She lit rid. She) lah u:.">r. Shu nun,
Sloui, Sri'veiusj llenj.inrii l'\ Tlioma-, Fi.uict-. Thomas,
Ti lin. Tumble, Ti nu lniilni', Waikci, Wall, Wallace.
XV.\ lil'iijiif, Whet lei, Albeit S While, Wilson, Wimlom,
ami Wotce-iet—11
NAYS—\| wsr^ William Allen, William J Alb n, An-
emia, Bails, William G Biown, Cal\e:t. ('ok, Ciaven^,
Cii-fehl, <'iittemlen, (Judei, Hauling. llolman, Johnson,
La/,"ai, Malloiy, IVl-iv, Mcnzii's-, Monis, Noble, Norton,
Peudb'ton, Vrioe, llobin-nn, Slnel, Stiles, Vallanriiilhain,
Vibbaid, Wiulsworth, Webber, Chilton A Wluu:, Wick
Jifie, Wood, Woodi all, and Ycamaii—iJb.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN called for a separate vote on
the thirty-filth amendment of the Senate, as fol-
lows:
F<n making a -nirvey of the Minnesota and Bed River oi
tbe Noith, with ,t view to im|<iov< the n,n i«,itiou ol ca< b,
and to connect the same !>\ a canal, S'i.Odi), to he expended
under the direction oi' the Seeictaiy oi War.
Mr. 1JOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays,
and telfeis on the yeas and nays,
Telieis were oi tiered; an J Messrs, Holm an* and
Ai.dricii were appointed.
The House divided; and the teliurs repotted—
ayes !hntv-ihr« e.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; find it, was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 56, nays G2; as follows:
YENS—.Me.-srs. Aldueh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter,
Beatnao. Bingham, t'f.irk, Collax. ''n!iu'a\, Jbnve-.. Ji<{
tvauh, Eliot, S.annel C Fe-serub'ii, Ftanebot, Frank,
Goodwin, Uian^er, Xrinle\, lloopei, Uellev, Fianeis \V.
Ividlo^, William Krllojre, LanMny Lo.ny, Eorums, Loyp-
joj, Low, Mclndoe, MeKean, Mitchell, An-on I*. Moiull,
.Iiiflin S. Morrill, Nixon, Olm. Timmbv G Pheip<. Tike,
roiu 'io\, I'oitei, Potioi, John II. itiee, Riddle, Sedgwick,
Se^iir. Shanks, Sherman, Sp.uildiac. Strven^. Benjamin
F. F/ioinas, Tiain, Van Hotn, \ ibbaid, Wall, Wallace,
Albeit S White, and Wmdom— 5.1.
\ Wtliiam J. Alb'a, B.tilv. Samuel S.
l.iau, i>lake, William G. Btown. BtUlinton. Calvei f, Cani}>-
beli, (Jbainbeilain, Clements, Cobb, Fi *deriek A. Conk-
hnj:. Cox. Ci.ueiis. Cii-fuld, Davis, I)e|aj iaine, Dunn,
Edjjerton, Fenton. Thomas A D I'e'senden, Gi n!et, Hale,
Hail, ilaulinir, llanison. llolman. Untclnns, Johnson, Ju-
lian, Lazoar. Mei'in tson. Malloi \, .Maj, Meii7ies, ,Mon is,
Nolde. NoUnn, Pendleton. Puce. UoLm^on. James S. Bol-
lux, Siiment, Sheliahai^ei, Sniel, Sloan, Suk'-,. Tumble,
Tim\ budge, Wad^^vor1h, Walk- t, W.ishbuine, Webster,
Wheeler, Cbiiton A. White, WaMifle, WiUon, Wood,
Woodiull, Woicestei, Wiigbt, and Yeaman—62.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Duiiuir the call «>f the roll,
Mr. COX "Hated that his colleague [Mr. Nu-
gek] was suii detained athomc by indisposition.
Mr. ROBINSON stated that his colleague [Mr.
Knatp] was detained at his room ou account of !
sickness. !
The vote having been announced, j
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote |
by which the amendment was non-concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX SALES.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back, with
a recommendation that it do pass, an act (S. No.
458) to amend an act entitled "An act for the
collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary dis-
tricts within the United States und for other pur-
poses," approved June 7, 1862.
The act substitutes a new section for the sev-
enth section of the bill directing the mode in whieh
sales of property for taxes are to he conducted.
The bill was lead the third time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and alao moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOX AND WISCONSIN RIVEltS.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the consideration of House bill No. 075, to i aise
additional soldiers for the service of the Govern-
ment, on which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wu.son] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me, that 1 may present a memorial from the
Leo tsin tun-* of my State.
Mr. WILSON'. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. POTTER iheieupon presented a memorial
to Congress Iroin the Legislature of Wisconsin
in refrienoe to the enlargement of the Erie canal
andofthe Fox and Wisconsin river improvement,
to admit the passage of gunboats; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
MSW CUANADIAN MINISTER.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolutions; which were
r -id, considered, and agreed to:
Jicsolrcd, That the Cotnnntt"e on Foreign Affairs inquire
into the piopuetv of (he United Slates discontinuing it-*
ieen<T:uuon oi ( < nrial Don Pedio Ab'antaie I3t;tion a- en-
viu i xiraordinat j and lunn^tei plenipotentiary oi the Gia-
nadian (,'onledeianoii near the (iovctntnenf ot the United
State-, until taieh time as be i-, able to idiow that he is ac-
ctedited b\ unaetud CJovoninii.nl in New Granada.
lic>oli-c(l, That liie Committee on Foieign Allans be di-
rected lo inquire and repoit to tin? Uou-e what objections
exist, it an\, to tin, lnniiation withoui dela\ ot amicable
relations between the United States and tin1 ('nHed States
ot Colombia uadoi the government ol' General Mosqueia.
POST OFFICE LAWS.
Ms. CLARE, by unanimous consent, reported
from tlit Committee on Printing the follow nig res-
olution ; which v. as read ,con&ulei td ,and agreed to:
Jiaolvctl, That five blind red copies of the i evt-ion of the
po;«t ollice laws, prepired by the Post Otlice Depattment, f
b'  printed loi the n>e ot the proem Hons", and one bun- :
dred copies ior tiic us-c ol the Fo-<t Otlice l>cpaiunent !
Alt MY KUGISIXU. |
Mr. CLARK, by unanimous consent, also re- '
poi ted fiom the suuie committee the folio wmg res- ■
oiuiion; w Inch was lead,considered,and agreed to: j
llcsolvi'rf, Flint Hirer thousand copies of the Ai inv Itegis- i
tor of 1.-G3 b,-: print* d for thy u-o of the pre^ nt llou?c. \
FIGIFIII CENSUS. |
Mr. CLARK also, by unanimous consent, of- !
fered the following resolution; which was read, ■
and referred to the Committee on Printing: ;
Iic&oh'eii, That there be printed under the direction of '
the Snpeuntendrnt of the Census, ami bound lor tbe u->e '
o! th" present House ol Representatives, twenty thousand
copies of tlie sevei.il part- ot the eighth ceiwu>. ,i& the same i
ina\ b'j Mipphed to the Supenntendcnt of Public Printing; :
al-o, ei.e thousand copies theieof tor the u^p of the Census '
Oihee. ,
JOHN W, HILL. ;
Mr WICKLIFFE, by unanimous consent, 1
intioduced a bill for the benefit of John W. Hill, 1
of Kentucky; which was read a first and second
time, and rutened to the Committee of Claims.
TJvLFGRAPII TO TILE PACIFIC. !
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, re-
pmted buckjfiom the special eommittee on the
Pacific railroad, House bill No. 630, to amend
an act to facilitate communication between the II
Atlantic and Pacific States by electric telegraph,
approved June '16, 1860; which was ordered to be
printed,and recommitted to the special committee.
'"^MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Pi ivate Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed an act
(H. R. No. 5G8) to provide for the printing of the
annual report of the banks of the United States;
An act (H. It. No. 487) for the relief of William
B. Snowhook and otheis; and
An act (II. R. No. 520) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Seneca G. Simmons.
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business regu-
larly in order was House bill No. 675, to raise
additional soldiers for the service of the Govern-
ment, on which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] was untitled to the floor.
Mr. 1'URNHAM. Will the gentleman yield
for a motion to postpone that biil?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all. I object.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, we aie rapidly
approaching the end of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress. But little time is left in which to complete
the vast amount of business necessary to carry
on successfully the affairs of the nation. This bill
has occupied nearly one week of the time of the
House, and I hope we are near the close of the
discussion upon it. If we could be brought to an
immediate vote upon the several amendments and
the bill, I would cheerfully refrain from making
any remaiks at this time. But the many failures
to agree upon a time to commence voting induce
me to believe that a proposition to commence now
and proceed without discussion or other interrup-
tion to the end would not be successful. If, how-
ever, I am in this mistaken, I will yield; for I
would rather save the time of the House than to
consume it.
That this bill is regarded as .one of more than
ordinary interest and importance, is abundantly
evidenced by the earnestness with whieh it has
been pressed by its fuends and opposed by its
enemies. No such strife lias been produced by
any other measure during this Congress. The
discussion winch the measure has provoked has
covered a vety wide field, and embraced a much
greater variety of principles and subjects than one
would conceive possible to spring from so simple
a proposition. Some of these principles are of no
inconsiderable importance, while one introduced
into the discussion by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Can ienden] is of transcendent im-
portance—one which no nation can surrender and
live. \ mean the principle of allegiance, the bond
whieh binds the citizen to the Government and
the Government to the citizen, insuring protection
to the latter and obedience and support lo the
former. No nation can exist for a day in whieh
the perfect development and enforcement of this
principle is neglected; and this remark applies
wnh more force to this nation than any other, per-
haps, in existence. Composed, as this Republic
is, of many States, each entitled to the allegiance
of Us citizens within the legitimate and constitu-
tional sphere of State authonty, the only bond of
unity, that whieh gives a oneness of character to
our people, is the supeiior allegiance which each
and every citizen, resident of whatever State he
may be, owes to the Government of the United
States. This principle, with all iis transcendent im-
portance, has been denied application by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to four million native-born
residents of this Republic; and the monstrous
proposition advanced that this vast number of
human beings, though residing within our terri-
torial limits, scattered through fifteen of the States
of the Union, owe no allegiance to this or any
other Government.
I speak of the effect of the gentleman Ss proposi-
tion without using the precise language. The mon-
strous character of the proposition can only be
fully understood when we are told, as we have been,
that the only allegiance which this vast multitude
of men owe is due alone to some three hundied
and fifty thousand slave owners. Sir, if this be
true, then arc the slave owners of this country the
most highly privileged class in any civilized Gov-
ernment on earth. We never can submit to such
an intolerable assumption upon the part of those
who claim to own this slave population.
