APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
Sti'ii Cong,...3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
cupancy. Under the provisions of the fifth sec-
tion of the actof July 13,1861, special agents have
been appointed whose duty has been to carry out
the authorizedmstructions of the Department, and
it is anticipated that the expenses of their agency
will be defrayed from moderate charges for per-
mits granted under their supervision.
The collection of cotton, rice, and other aban-
doned property, and the superintendence ..f la-
borers and plantations, which, at the date of my
last report, was committed to agents of this De-
partment, has since been transferred, as more
property belonging to his Department, to the con-
trol of the Secretary of War.
During the last session the Secretary had the
honor of transmitting the draft, of a bill for the
detection and prevention of fraudulent entries at
the custom-houses, and he adheres to the opinion
that the provisions therein embodied are necessary
for the protection of the revenue. That invoices
representing fraudulent valuations of merchan-
dise are daily presented at the custom-houses is
well known, and for the past year the collector,
naval officer, and surveyor of New York have
entertained suspicions that fraudulent collusions
with some of the customs officers existed. Meas-
ures were taken by them to ascertain whether
these suspicions were wejl founded. By persist-
ent vigilance facts were developed which have led
to the arrest of several parties and the.discovery
that a system of fraud has been successfully car-
ried on for a scries of years. These investiga-
tions are now being prosecuted under the imme-
diate direction of trie Solicitor of the Treasury,
for the purpose of ascertaining the extent of
those frauds and bringing the guilty parties to
punishment. It is believed that the enactment
at the last session of the bill referred to would
have arrested, and that its enactment now will
prevent hereafter, the frauds hitherto successfully
practiced.
The increased and increasing laborsand respons-
ibilities devolved upon the collector at New York
suggest the expediencyofappointingnn additional
officer at that port, to be denominated the assist-
antcollector,and authorized to act for the collector
during his necessary absence, and to perform such
other duties as mny be prescribed orapproved by
the Secretary of the Treasury. Provision should
bo made that his authentication of any lawful
document shall entitle it to the same effect in the
courts or elsewhere as the signature of the col-
lector, and that his acts shall not impair the re-
sponsibility of the collector, or of his sureties, to
the Government.
The Exchange building in the city ofNewYork,
leased for three years for use as a custom-house,
has been altered, and for some time partially oc-
cupied. The complete removal to it of the cus-
toms offteeis will soon bo accomplished. The
whole of the old custom-house building will be re-
quired by the Assistant Treasurer; and it will be
necessary, therefore, either to purchase the rented
building or to erect another for custom-house pur-
poses. It is believed that it would be impossible
to purchase an equally eligible site and erect an
equally suitable edifice for the price fixed in the
lease of the Exchange; and it is therefore recom-
mended that the option to puichasc at that price
be availed of.
The administration of the hospital fund has
been looked to with great care, and the expense
of its distribution, it is believed, reduced to the
most economical point. As has been before re-
ported, the number of hospitals is in excess of the
legitimate requirements of the seamen, and the
Secretary repeats his recommendation of Decem-
ber last, that those least advantageously situated
be disposed of on the most favorable terms. During
the past year ail the hospitals under the control
of this Department have, in whole or in part, been
placed at the disposal of the War Department for
the use of sick and disabled soldiers. This use,
not originally contemplated, has been most oppor-
tune and beneficial.
Under the act authorizing payments in stamps
an arrangement was made with the Postmaster
General for a supply of postage stamps to be dis-
tiibuted for use in such payments. It was soon
discovered, however, that stamps prepared for
postage uses were not adapted to the purposes of
currency. Small notes of equal amounts were,
therefore, substituted, and the Secretary assumed
charge of preparation and distribution. With
utmost efforts it was found impossible to keep
pace with the public demand for this currency;
and, although the daily issue has been rapidly
increased to $100,000, and is being extended as fast
as practicable to twice that amount, the supply
is yet largely deficient. The whole demand, how-
ever, will be fully met as soon as possible.
With a view to test the practicability and Econ-
omy of engravingand printing United States notes
at "the Department, under the actof July 11,1861,
the Secretary has contracted for paper, and has
authorized the preparation of small notes as sub-
stitutes for revenue stamps, substantially like the
small notes now substituted for postage stamps,
and indulges the hope that results will commend
his action to the approval of Congress, and that
the necessary modification of the provisions re-
lating to stamps and engraving, will receive its
sanction.
Some difficulties have been encountered in the
practical execution of the act of last session, di-
recting the monthly instead of quarterly rendition
of disbursing officers' accounts, and their direct
transmission to the accounting officers oftheTreas-
ury without preliminary examination by the
chiefs of the administrative bureaus; and these
difficulties, though not insuperable, may require
some further legislation for their removal. But
the reform sought by the act is important, and the
purpose of accomplishing it should not be relin-
quished.
Statements in detail of the operations of the
Department will be found in the reports of the
heads of the several bureaus, to whom the Secre-
tary gladly acknowledges his obligations for most
faithful and assiduous labors, by which the multi-
form business under his general charge, increased
tenfold in consequence of the insurrection, has
been carried on with a degree of success hardly
believed to be attainable. The unprecedented in-
crease in the volume and variety of accounts must
necessarily require more clerical force and more
room in order to the prompt settlement indispens-
ably necessary to the protection of honest credit-
ors, and to the security of the Government from
fraud. These great objects, it is believed, may
also be.promoted by a modification of the existing
arrangement of the bureaus, so as to bring all the
accounts of each Department into one bureau,
instead of dividing them between several, as is
now directed.
The Bureau of Internal Revenue has been or-
ganized under the act of last session, and is now
actually engaged in the labors assigned to it.
Collectors and assessors have been appointed in
all the districts of the loyal States, and the revenue
from the duties imposed by the law is steadily
and rapidly increasing. In the absence of any
statutory directions, he has assigned the settle-
ment, of the accounts of the bureau to the Fifth
Auditor and First Comptroller.
The Secretary invites particular attention to the
remarks of the Third Auditor relative to payments
for property lostor destroyed in the military ser-
vice. He also respectfully suggests that authority
be given to the Secretary to appoint commission-
ers to examine and audit the claims of the several
States now referred to that officer for settlement.
The favorable consideration of Congress is re-
spectfully invited to the requests of the Treasurer
and of the Register of the Treasury for the ap-
pointment of a deputy in each of their bureaus.
Of the necessity for such appointments no doubt
is entertained.
The action of the supervising inspectors of
steamboats, collectively as a board, and individ-
ually in their respective districts, merits the ap-
proval of Congress. Their report, to which the
Secretary invites attention, gives evidence of the
value of their labors, while the comparative im-
munity from accidents secured by their vigilance
attests the wisdom of the act under which their
work is prosecuted.
The regulations directing the examination of
applicants for appointment in the revenue cutter
service, and making certificates of competency
from the board of examiners prerequisites to com-
missions, tend manifestly to the improvement of
the service, and will be adhered to. This service
has become an essential arm of the Department
in the execution of the laws. Its highest vigor
and activity will especially be demanded so long
as the present high rates of duty shall be required
by the exigencies of the country. The Secretary
hopes to be able to place it on a footing of the
utmost efficiency, witnout permitting its cost to
exceed appropriations already made. The great
demand by other Departments for shipwrights and
machinery has not, as yet, permitted advantageous
contracts for the additional revenue steamers au-
thorized by Congress. Careful specifications, how-
ever, have been prepared, and the work will be
proceeded with as soon as practicable.
Full details of the operation of the CoastSurvey
will appear in the report of the Superintendent.
The services by which its great value was strik-
ingly illustrated during the earlier months of the
rebellion have been continued with undiminished
zeal and fidelity at the present time, and its gen-
eral work has been prosecuted with as much ac-
tivity and success as the peculiar demands made
upon it by the circumstances of the country would
allow.
Within the year forty-three thousand copies of
maps and charts have been furnished for naval
vessels, and two thousand to captains and pilots
of Government transports on their personal appli-
cation.
Its accustomed vigilant superintendence has
been exercised by the Light-house Board over
the light-houses, light-ships, beacons, and buoys
on the northern and Pacific coasts, and especial
attention has been directed to the restoration
of those destroyed by the rebel enemies of the
country. Numerous lights and beacons have
been reestablished on the coast of the insurgent
region, and the reestablishment of others will
keep pace with the progress of the fleets and ar-
mies of the Republic. A confident expectation is
indulged that along the whole coast will soon shine
the old unbroken chain of lights for the guidance
of the mariner and the security of commerce.
All which the Secretary most respectfully sub-
mits to the indulgent consideration of Congress.
S. P. CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Galusha A. Grow,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Report of the Secretary of War.
War Department,
December 9, 1862.
Sm: That portion of the United States which
is now, or has been during the last year, the scene
of military operations, is comprised within ten
military departments. The armies operating in
these departments, according to recent official re-
turns, constitute a force of 775,330 officers and
privates, fully armed and equipped. Since the date
of the returns, this number has been increased to
over 800,000 men. When the quotas are filled up,
the force will number 1,000,000 men, and the esti-
mates for the next year are based upon that num-
ber.
The Middle department, comprising the States
of Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey, and
Delaware, and the department of Virginia, have
been the scene of important military operations,
concerning which detailed reports have not been
made by the commanding generals to this depart-
ment. Your knowledge of the character and result
of these operations dispenses with the necessity
for any review until the final reports are made.
The preliminary reports of Major General Mc-
Clellan of the battles before Richmond, and of the
battles of Antietam and South Mountain, and the
reportof the General-in-Chief, ore submitted. The
communications between this Department and the
respective commanders were prepared under a res-
olution of the Senate at the last session, and will
be transmitted to Congress whenever you shall be
pleased to give your sanction.
The report of General Halleck, the General-in-
Chiefjexhibits the operations in these departments
since the 23d of July, the date at which, under
your order, he assumed command of all the armies
of the United States. If the campaigns of the
armies in these departments have not equaled in
their results the expectations of the Government
and the public hope, still they have not been un-
productive of good result. The valor of our troops
