1663.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGB®.
But, sir, monstrous as the proposition is at
mere statement, it is the only one which can chal-
lenge our right to pass this bill. AH other con-
siderations sink into more questions of expedi-
ency. It 'lie slaveholder's claim, rebel though he
be, is higher and more sacred than that winch the
Government possesses, even in time of war, then
indeed is slavery securely intrenched m the lie-
public; and that is really the character of this ar-
rogant assumption. Those who advance tlusdoc-
trine make no distinction between loyalslavehold-
ersand rebel slaveholders-, nor do I, m combatting
the doctrine. For i insist that the claim of the
Government upon the sorvice of persons held to
service or labor under the laws of the States, is, in
time of war, superior to the claim of any person
to the unrequited toil of another. When the na-
tion's life is in peril it may coil to its service every
peison capable of bearing arms, and no( owing
allegiance to some foreign Government, and, if
necessaiy, resort to conscription to compel obedi-
ence. No slaveholder can stand between the na-
tion and this light. The Government represents
the rights and interests of ail; it is an allegation
of protective powers, with which no class lias a
right to interfere. The life of the Republic is of
more value than the life of its most, cherished citi-
zens, and infinitely more sacred than the system of
slavery which has done, and is doing, so much to
destroy it.
Sir, the power which can enter every dwelling:
of the gieat free North, and summon from the
hearth circle the husband, father, son, to the
camp and the battle-field, can call from the plan-
tation cabin the husband svho cannot own his
wife, the father who cannot own his fluid, the son
who dare not claim the piotretion of his parents.
The life of the freeman, member of the proud
Anglo-Saxon race, is quite as worthy of piotection
as the life of the poor degraded African, or of the
chum of his master to his toil. If this be not so,
then do we discover that the proud Anglo-Saxon,
after ail, is not woith as much as the value of a
few years' toil of a degiaded African .slave. To
tins does it come. Let those accept it who will,
but let none such hereafter boast of the lofty grand-
eur, the power, the superiority of the white-
skinned Anglo-Saxon. Let those who will, meas-
ure the high position of the white race by the
value of the slave's toil; but every true freeman
will spurn the result.
But, sir, there is another principle to which the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ckittkxdkx]
alluded in the discussion of tins bill, and which
I think equally eironeous. lie discusses this
bill as though it involved a question of legislative
power, and denied oui light to pass this measure
because it«?ould interfere with the claim of slave-
holders to their slaves. *
Now. sir,! deny that this bill presents the ques-
tion of power foi our consideration or determina-
tion at all. It requires us to do nothing more than
to exercise our discretion in the selection of the
means for canying into execution poweis ex-
pressly delegated by the Constitution to Congiess.
When the Constitution says " the Congress
shall have power to'" " raise and support armies,
to provide and maintain a navy," and enjoins the
duty to suppress insurrection and repel invasion,
it settles the whole question of power and leaves
to us the choice of the means through winch to
cxecute the power, the only limitation being that
the means selected shall be appropriate to t he end.
If we should stnke out of this bill the provision
for enlisting persons of African descent, and pet mil
it to stand without any specification m respect to
race 01 coloi, would not every man acknowledge
the appropriateness of the measure as a means of
giving life and vigor to the provisions of the Con-
stitution which 1 have cited? Stnkc out color,
say nothing about race, and every objection which
has been urged against the bill falls to the ground.
What follows? Why, that the whole question is
resolved into one of expediency.
Is itexpedient to employ black men in the naval
and military service of the Government? The
pouei isample, the means appropriate; whatsha.ll
be the color? This, as I have said, presents a
mere question of expediency, and of tins we are
to judge, first, by such lights as the histoiy of the
country will furnish, and, secondly, by the cir-
cumstances that now surround us.
The history of the country furnishes much val-
uable information touching the question of the i
employment of colored men in the military and
naval serv lee of the nation. The presentation of a
few facts in this ugurd may not be unprofitable,
as we may thereby learn the action of Congress
and Hie colonies, and the opinions of some of our
most eminent men upon this question. During
the revolutionary war many of the colonies made
provision tor the enlistment of persons of Afiican
descent in the army. One of the most interesting
eases of colonial action is that of Rhode Island,
as n commits the "Father of his Country" to the
policy and expediency of enlisting such persons
m the military service. That case had its origin
m the following letter from General Varnum to
General Washington:
Camp, January 2, 1778.
Sir: The two battalions fiom lite Htateot Uhode inland
betn;? small, ami there beins a neee-^ity ot' the Stare"-? fm-
nitdiing ;in additional number to make up their pioportion
in the continental aimy, the !}< Id otheer^ have represented
to me the ptopi iet\ ot making one tempoiai) battalion Irom
two ; so that one entire eoip-- ot nihcer* m:i\ lepairto Uhode
l-dand, m older to rece;w and po-paie the icenttt14 tor the
field, it i- nu mined that a battalion ot negroes can be
easily raised tiiei <•. .Should that measure b*  adopted, or
reei mt> obtained upon any other principle, the --ci vice will
be advanced. The field office^ who no upon Ihiscomiuand
ate Colonel Greene, lieutenant Colonel Oincj , and Major
VVatd ; '•even captains twelve lieutenants, m\ ensign*-, one
paymaster, one  ui<reon and mate, one adjutant, and one
chaplain
I am voui Exce'dencyV most obedient servant,
J. M, VAllNTM.
His llveelieney General Washington.
Upon tlie receipt of that letter, General Wash-
ington was so strongly impulsed with tin- counsel
in respect to the enlistment of persons of color m
Rhode Island, that lie sent on the same day the
following communication to the Assembly of iliut
colony, inclosing the letter ol'Geneial Vainum:
IlKUiqevllTEKK, January'!.
Snt: Inclosed you will receive a copy <>t a letter nom
General Vainum'to me, upon tho mean* whu ii might be
adopted for completing the Rhode Island troops to tlieii
lull propound in the comment a I atm>. I have nothing to
j ^ay. in addition to wiiat I wiote on the 2i>th oflast mouth,
( on tins important Mihjeet, but to desire that you will irive
I the ofiicer- employed in Ibis business all the'assisunee.
I I am, with great U'fpeet, f-ir, \«mr mo^t obedient servant,
i (JEOKGK WASHINGTON.
1 His Excellency Nicholas Cooke, E-q ,
| Goicnio) oj Rhode fcland.
j On the rccoption of this communication from
' General Washington, the Assembly of Uhode IkI-
! and took almost immediate action, and the follow-
1 ing preamble and resolution inform us of the
j result:
! u Whereas, foi the preservation of the light"? and hber-
I tie« of the Kuitvd States, it i-* necessary that tin; whole
| poweis of the Government should be excited in redlining
1 the continental battalion-; and wherea?- bis Excellency
, General Washington hath incio-ed to this State a pioposal
made to hnn by Cngadier General Varmint, to enlist into
i the two laisinu by this State such slaves as should he
1 vvi'.t'iig to enter into the service ; and whereas histoiy af-
1 fords u-i frequent precedents ot the wisest, the freest, and
, bruvest nations having hbenued their slaves and enlisted
! them as soldieis to fight in defense of their couutry; and
al^o, whereas the enemy ,with a gieat foree, have taken pos-
, session ofthe capital and of a great part of this State, and
! this State is obliged to raise a very considerable number of
i troops tor its own immediate detente, whereby it is ill a
j manner icndetcd impossible for this State to furnish re-
i emits for the ^anl two battalions without adopting the said
[ measinc so reeounnuided :
I '• Tt is voted and resolved% Tiiat every able-bodied negro,
mulatto, or Indian man slave, in this State, may enlist into
either of said two battalion", to serve during the continu-
ance ot the pre«em war with Grrat ttritain; that every
slave so enlisting shall be entitled to and receive all the
bounties, wages,and encouiagemcnts allowed by the Con-
tinental Cungn>-s to any ^oldicr minting in their service."
Such, sir, was the action of Ithode Island, based
on the recommendation of one of the generals in
the service,indorsed by General Washington him-
self. The country was struggling for its existence;
men were needed, and Washington, Varnum,and
the members of the Rhode Island Assembly, like
practical men and patriots, resorted to the means
nearest at hand, and called the colored men to the
standard of the country. The liberties of the coun-
try were at stake, and patriots were not frightened
at the color of a man's skin. If he could strike a
blow for the nation, he was afforded an opportu-
nity to make the blow tell. Are we wiser, purer,
more patiiotic than the men who guided our na-
tional bark safely through its first stormy voyage, !
that we should refuse the aid of the same instru-
mentalities to which they resoited ? They were
striving to create a nation; the African could help
them, and they called him to their standard. We
are trying to preserve a nation; the black man can
help us; why shall we not avail ourselves of his
help ?
Mr. Speaker, no one can doubt; who Will tak^
the trouble to inform himself, that General Wash-
ington regarded the employment of colored troops
expedient and right. By his side stood Mr. Mad-
ison, entertaining the same views, and believing,
as Washington did, that military service should
confer freedom on the slave who might render it.
That such were Mr. Madison's views wg havo
most emphatic evidence in the following letter
written by him to Joseph Jones, on November 20,
. 1780:
"Yours of the 18th came yesterday. I am glad to find
the Legislature persist in their resolution to recruit their
line ot the army for the war; though, without deciding on
the expedieney of the mode under their consideration,
would it not be as well to liberate and make soldiers at onee
of the blacks themselves, as to make them instruments for
enlisting white soldiers ? It would certainly bo more con-
sonant with the principles of liberty, which ought never to
be lost sight of in a contest for liberty; and, with white offi-
cers and a majority of white soldier, no imaginable danger
could be teared fioin themselves, as there certainly could be
none from the effect of the example on those who should
remain in bondage; experience having shown that a treed-
man immediately lo-es .ill attachment am) sympathy with
bis former tellow slaves."—Madison Papers, p. 68.
Are gentlemen on the other side of the House
afraid to indorse the views of Mr. Madison? Are
they prepared to denounce him as a fanatic, and
as having been false to his country and untrue to
his race? The time was when they delighted to
claim him as one of the brightest lights of their
party; but I suppose if he were now living he
would receive his full share of the bitter denun-
ciation which the other side have indulged in to-„
ward those who are now trying to carry out the
policy which he advocated. Sir, let us be content
(o go straight forward to our duty while Wash-
ington and Madison point the way.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] in hia
remaiksou last Friday, referred to another case
of no little interest. I mean the case of Colonel
Laurens. The facts in this case furnish us with
(he views of Congress in 1779 in lelatkm to the
employment of colored troops. At that time the
British had overrun the States of South Carolina
and Georgia. Very many of the citizens of thosfc
States sympathized with the British crown; and
many slaveholders then, ns now, seemed to regard
the safety of their slave 4< property" as of more
imnoitance than the success of our struggle for
independence. These things made it difficult to
raise white troops wnhin those States sufficient to
meet the demands of the Government. Upon the
facts being represented to Congress, that body
passed a resolution, of which the following is a
pai t:
"i*csoire<J,Tliat it be recommended to the States of South
^aroluia and Georgia, it they shall think the same expe-
dient, to take measures immediately for jaising three thou-
sand able-bodied negroes. t
44 That the said negroes be formed into separate corps, as
battalions, according to the arrangements adopted for the
main army, to be commanded by white commissioned and
no;i-coj mi>siOiiCi! officeis."
In order to give effect to this action, Congress
on the same day passed the following preamble
and resolution:
" Whereas, John Lauren°, K-q., who lias heretofore acted
as aid-de-camp to the commandei-m chief, is 'desirous oi
repairing to South Carolina, with a design to as i t in tho
defense of the southern States :
•■'Ttpsohetl, That a commission of lieutenant colonel b©
granted to the said John Laurens, E>q.?}
In pursuance of this action of Congress, a com-
mission was issued to Colonel Laurens, and he
entered upon his mission with great fceal. He
labored faithfully with the authorities of South
Carolina, and urged upon them the pressing ne-
cessity of carrying out the purpuse of Congie&s.
Ilis efforts faiied to accomplish any good result.
He advised Washington of his inability to do any-
thing in South Carolina, but expressed his de-
termination to proceed to Georgia and see whether
there was not patriotism enough in that State to
enable him to effect some more favorable result
m regard to his important mission. His efforts
all proved fruitless. Why was this so? Why
did not those States respond to the wishes of Con-
gress and to the known desires of a large propor-
tion of the true patriots within their own limits?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] undertook
to answer these questions, and I quote his lan-
guage, as follows:
" What became of this project? The historian tells tig
that it encountered at ouec that strong, deep-seated feeling
nurtured from eaihest infancy among that people, which
was ready to decide, with instinctive promptness, against
< a measure af so threatening an aspect, and so offensive to'
