1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
profitably employed, if placed under proper reg-
ulation and control. At Port Royal such persons
have been extensively employed m the work of
the quartermaster's department, and in cultiva-
ting some thousands of acres of the sea islands
of the coast, the products of which are used in
the support of themselves and families. In the
operations of the^Army on the James river and
upon the Potomac, in the fortifications of Wash-
ington, and as laborers, teamsters, ostlers, in land-
ing and shipping stores, they have been of great
service; and the demand for their labor has ex-
ceeded the supply available.
The successful movement of the various expe-
ditions by sea, the transportation of such large
bodies of troops, and their regular supply at dis-
tant points of the coast, afford striking proofs of
the greatness of the military resources of the na-
tion. These movements have been upon a scale
of great magnitude. The collection of the vast ar-
mies which have been raised,and their transport
to the field of operations in so brief a period, would
not have been possible but for the extent of our
system of steam transport by railroad, river, and
sea.
Ithas notbeen found necessary to exercise with-
in the loyal States the power conferred upon the
President by law to take actual military posses-
sion of the railroads of the country. The various
companies met in convention in this city, united
in proposinga uniform tariffforGovernmcnttrans-
portation, which appears to be just and equitable,
and they have performed all the services lequired
of them by the Department with a promptness, ef-
ficiency, and cheerfulness which do honor to the
patriotism of their managers.
Upon the railroads within the sphere of active
hostilities the war has borne with crushing sever-
ity. Some—as the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
the Louisville and Nashville railroad, and the
Missouri railroads—have, with great energy, re-
paired their bridges, restored their tracks, and
replaced their rolling stock at their own expense.
Others, abandoned by their disloyal owners and
managers, have been taken possession of, and
repaired, stocked, and managed by the quarter-
master's department. These woiks have in-
volved great expenditures; but ihey were indis-
pensable to the supply of the Army, and less
costly than the preparation, if that had been pos-
sible, of any other sufficient means of transpor-
tation.
The quartermaster's department constructed,
during the fiscal year, a fleet of iron-clad gunboats
and of steam rams, which was officeied and
manned by the Navy Department and the War
Department conjointly, and which has proved
most efficient as an aid in the military operations
which restored to the Government the control over
the greater part of the western rivers. Under the
law of 16th Juiy last, the gunboat fleet has been
entirely transferred to the Navy Department. The
fleet of steam rams still remains in charge of this
Department.
Your attention is invited to the increase of the
force in the engineer, ordnance, and quartermas-
ters departments,proposed byabill which passed
the House of Representatives on the 9th of July
last, and which is among the unfinished business
of the last session. It is believed that, if it be-
comes a law, the efficiency and usefulness of these
several important departments of the Army will
be increased. The necessity of providing more
room for the records and examining officers of
the quartermaster's bureau, by the extension of
Winder's building, is also respectfully suggested
to your attention.
The Commissary of Subsistence reports that the
armies throughout our extensive territory have
been supplied with good and wholesome subsist-
ence—generally by advertisement for bids in the
cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, Baltimore, St. Louis, and San
Francisco. Fresh beef has generally been sup-
plied to our armies in the field on the hoof, and in
larger proportion of the ration to marching col-
umns, to lessen, as far as possible, the quantity
of transportation required. The troops on the
coast of the Carohmis and at the Gulf posts, in- :
cludin1* New Orleans, have received their fresh j
beef by shipment from New York. It is hoped i
that during the coming year it may be procured
from Texas.
In addition to the troops, subsistence has been
furnished to all political prisoners and prisoners
of war, to a large number of contrabands, and to
the suffering Union inhabitants found in the
march of our armies in the confederate States.
In a late report of the General-in-Chief to this De-
partment, it is said that no armies of the world
are so well supplied as the armies of the United
States.
The Ordnance Bureau, as appears from the re-
port of its chief, has displayed a vigor and activity
unsurpassed by any other department. Notwith-
standing the extraordinary demand occasioned by
the new levies and enormous loss of arms by the
casualties of war, and, in some instances, by the
misconduct of officers and men, this bureau lias
supplied every call, and has been able to arm over
400,000 new troops suddenly called into the field.
The first class of arms has been apportioned among
the troops of the respective States, and just equality
of distribution has been the rule of the Department.
A great diversity of opinion prevails in rcspect to
arms, and often with little reason. The Department
has aimed, as far as possible, to gratify the choice
of every one, and, where that could not be done,
the troops have in general readily acquiesced in
the necessity of the case, relying on the Depart-
ment for exchange when it should be able to make
one. You will perceive, by the report as to the
production of our armories, that the time is not
far distant when the Government will be able to
place, from its own manufactories, the best arm
in the hands of every soldier. The report also
shows what provision has been made for supplies
of gunpowder, saltpeter, materials, and munitions
of war of every description.
Every means the country affords has been put
forth to complete the armaments of our forts and
fortifications for the defense of harbors and coasts,
as is shown by the report of this bureau. These
details are, for obvious reasons, not now stated,
and the legislation required by this branch of the
service will, by your direction, be communicated
to the appropriate committees.
In general terms, it may be stated that the issues
by the ordnance department include 1,926 field
and siege, and 1,206 fortification cannon; 7,294
gun-cairiages, caissons, mortar-beds, traveling
forges,and battery wagons; 1,276,686 small arms;
987,291 sets of equipments and accoutcrments;
and 213,991,127 rounds of ammunition for artil-
lery and small arms—still leaving large supplies
of ordnance stores at the arsenals and depots. The
breaking out of the rebellion found us with insuf-
ficient supplies for the forces thereby rendered ne-
cessary, and without the means of their immediate
procurementfrom our public arsenals and the pri-
vate manufactories fitted and ready for such work.
The policy of the Department to procure all such
supplies of home manufacture could not be rigidly
followed, and recourse was had to purchases and
importations from abroad, in order to meet press-
ing requhements. The vast demand suddenly
springing up, without any immediate increase of
the supply, led to speculations and exorbitant
prices. On a report from the Ordnance Bureau in
respect to outstanding contracts for arms, I ap-
pointed a commission to investigate these matters,
and their report is herewith submitted. The meas-
ures which have been adopted to procure such
supplies, by increasing the capacity of our public
arsenals and developing the private sources of
home manufacture, will soon enable this Depart-
ment to obtain supplies of this description, inde-
pendently of importations from abroad, and at fair
and reasonable rates.
The subjectof arming the fortifications, partic-
ularly those defending the harbors of our principal
Atlantic ports, has received special attention, and
all the means at the disposal of the Department
have been applied to that end, so far as was pos-
sible and consistent with meeting other impera-
tive requirements. In consequence of the intro-
duction into naval warfare of iron-clad vessels,
comparatively safe from the effects of such bat- !
teries as had hitherto been sufficient to guard ef- 1
factually against the passage of hostile vessels, it
became necessary to provide heavier and more
powerful ordnance. The whole system of such
armament was carefully revised and amended by
a board of the most experienced-and cpmpetent
officers, and measures have been taken to-carry
their recommendations into effect.
I desire to call special attention to the necessity
of providing additional means for the storage and
preservation of ordnance supplies, as recom-
mended in the report of the Chief of Ordnance.
When it is considered that we have now no more
facilities for this purpose than when our military
organization included an army of not over 18,000
men, the absolute necessity of a far more ample
provision of such facilities will be manifest. The
plan for this purpose, as stated in the report from
the Ordnance Bureau, is believed to be the best
that can be devised,and by no means too extensive
in its provisions to meet our absolute wants, now
and for the future; and I commend it for favorable
consideration, and for such legislation as may be
necessary. 1 concur also with the Chief of Ord-
nance m hisremarks relative to theonerousduties,
considering its present limited numberof officers,
which have devolved upon that branch of the ser-
vice, and to the industry, zeal, and fidelity with
which those duties have been discharged. They
are deserving of the measures suggested for their
recognition and reward.
An act of the last session of Congress provided
for the establishment of.armories at Columbus,
Indianapolis, and Rock Island. By order of this
Department the selection of proper sit^s was in-
trusted to Brigadier General Buckingham, whose
report, approved by the Chief of Ordnance, is here-
with submitted. Measures to procure the needed
State legislation and the approval of title will be
promptly taken.
During the recess of Congress the necessities
of the service required the old penitentiary of this
District for the use of the arsenal, and, by your
order, the convicts were removed to the State or
New York, and the penitentiary buildings devoted
to the purposes of the arsenal.
The attention of the Department has been earn-
estly directed to the forts and fortifications for coast
and harbor defense. A personal inspection of these
important -works has been made by General Tot-
ten, the distinguished Chief of Engineers. The
grants made by Congress for fortifications at its
last session amounted to $5,535,000 for permanent
works, and $750,000 for temporary works. The
Chief of Engineers reports that these sums admitted
of very material progress being made at most of
the important forts now in process of construction.
This has been realized in a number of instances,
and in all decided advancement has been effected.
Great difficulties have been experienced in obtain-
ing supplies of materials from the quarries, stone
yards, &c., owing to the demands made by the
war upon the classes usually employed in this
kind of work. Similar trouble has been encoun-
tered in procuring transportation for materials.
Much has been done in advancing the state of
readiness of ourfortifications in the principal com-
mercial harbors for service, in preparing for ad-
ditional guns, in providing for the reception of
armament of very large calibers in the existing
batteries, and in placing all in effective condition
for defense. Like measures have been observed
with reference to naval stations and our frontiers
generally.
A report by the board of visitors in respect to
the condition of the Military Academy at West
Point is submitted with the report of the Chief of
Engineers.
The officers of the corps of topographical en-
gineers, as appears by the report of its chief, have
been almost exclusively on duty with armies in
the field, engaged in surveys and reconnoissances
connected with their movements; in the collection
of topographical and statistical information; and
in the construction of field works, batteries, in-
trenchments, block-houses, bridges, and other like
duties.
The survey of the northern and northwestern
lakes has been continued during the year—prin-
cipally in the vicinity of Green bay and the Fox
islands. The estimate for continuing the survey
is $106,879 48, differing but little in amount from
the last estimate.
The lake-harbor works are thirty-four in num-
ber. For want of appropriations by Congress no
