684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Mr. COX, I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio, whefhei^the schemes which he repro-
bated in hia speech in New York are not enter-
tained exclusivelyamonghisown political friends,
and denounced by all others.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I do not know whether
they are limited entirely to one class of the people
or not; but the organ of the gentleman himself in
Chicago, not four weeks ago, gave precisely the
same warning which I gave at New York city.
I refer to the Chicago Tribune, which was sent
to every member of this House. In my speech
in New York, I but copied, word for word, this
warning of the organ of the gentleman's party.
Why should we not heed these facts, sii ? Why
not heed them for a wise and proper purpose ?
Why not heed them for the put pose of throwing •
out of tins House thus species of bills in favor of i
enlisting negro soldiers? !
Now, one word about a matter suggested by
the gentleman from Iowa. 1 did nut hear all his
argument in regard to the use of soldiers in the
Revolution; but I venture the assertion that there
is no proof that he can biing from history winch
will disturb the facts which 1 proved here the day
before yesterday. I then proved, beyond all
question, that such men as Franklin, General Sul-
livan, and General Washington issued order after
order against the use of these negroes in our Army.
I said that there were certain exceptional case si,
but thai as it geneial system they were discaided
from the Aimy as being dan^ei ous, degrading,
and in every way unfit to champion the eaus* of
colonial independence. The ( niy reason ever
urged lor their use m the revolutionary army was
that the HiiUsh themselves, under the pioclama-
ttons of Dunmore and Sir Henry Clinton, might
coax or take slaves fiom then* masters, with a
view to inaugurate a servile war. Wlvrever their
employment m our A rmy was urged,it was urged
on the ground that they should not be used for
the purpose of domestic insurrection; that, if ever
used tit e.ll, they should be used with then mas-
ters for their own country, by the bide of their
masters for their own Govern merit, and never in
antagonism to their masters, and never in such a
way as to bring about the horrible scenes of San
Domingo insurrection. Hut even for thrt pur-
pose, Mr. Speaker, the gn at tiu n of the Resolu-
tion, the practical men like Fianklin, and patriotic
men hke Washington, refused to countenance
their use as a geneial system of colonial policy.
Mr. vSpeakei, the gentleman from Iowa can get
no consolation from his histoiieal useaiches m
fa vor of this in famous biii. Th is Inil, if it means
anything at all, mean* that the bord *i States, m
which we live, are to iiave cm! war thrust upon
them. It will not be eonfmed to Temies.sr*. It
will not be limited to Virginia. If will come into
Kentucky. It will go into Indiana, and into Ohio.
And that is the reason why, for « igiiteen hours
the other nigh?, the hot dei IS:ate men of the West
voted by the side of these Kentucky and Mary-
land gentlemen to prevent, this infamous outrage
on their own section and their own border. We
were determined, in so fur as parliamentary law
could prevent it, never to allow this suicidal and
seditious bill ro pass this Chamber. I trust in God,
sir, that there is not such an infatuation on the
other side of the llou.se as to lead them to pursue
a measuie so fraught with injury to the country,
bo fraught with distunst m the Army, so fraught
\viih accumulated dangeis to the union of this
country.
The gentleman from Iowa said that I gave some
bud note of warning to tho hishmen. I simply
stated a tact. We all know the pecuhar«preju-
dices of the Celtic blood against the African, or
the Congo negro of this country. This prejudice
is a fact, and you cannot ignore it. Gentlemen
complain if we tell the truth here. They infer
that we have some had motive. What 1 said
about the Insnman is a simple fact, from which
to draw your own inference. I gave it to you as
a warning; not because I wish our Army broken
up; not because I would ever uige one Irishman
to lay down his musket or sheath his sword; but
because I know that the effect of this bill will be
to sow dsstiust and to create such a sense of deg-
radation m the Army as to impair its efficiency, if
not disintegrate it entirely. Therefore, sir, we
have fought this bill earnestly from the beginning,
i thank my colleague for his kindness.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, next proceeded to speak |
in opposition to the bill underconsideration. [His ^
remarks will be published in the Appendix.] '
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio, followed in opposition j
to the bill. [His remarks will be published m the
Appendix.]
Mr. NORTON, Mr. Speaker, it had been my
purpose to content myself by voting against this
bill in any phase it might be presented, without
saying anything in regard to its monstrosities. I
have listened attentively to the arguments which
have been offered by its advocates m support of
it, and am free to say that theie has been more
feeling and hate displayed than sound reason or
patnotism. This has displayed itself fiom the
very time of its introduction up to the present
hour.
Although the bill proposes to raise one hundred
and fifty thousand negro soldiers for the period
of five years, inaugurating a new, dangerous, and
diabolical policy, in utter disregard of the rights,
mteiests, domestic peace, and quiet of the States
of Maryland, Missouri, and Kentucky, relight- i
ing the flames of civil discoid and strife in those i
States with redoubled and renewed fierceness, yet |
when brought up on last Wednesday, it was pro- j
1 posed to rush the bill through without debate un- !
; der the spur of the previous question, before the j
i members on this side of the House had an oppor- |
' tunity of seeing the substitute and amendment j
! offered to it by the gentleman from Pennsylvania j
1 m print. We were thus asked to sit quietly by and ;
! let the bill pass sub silcntio; and yt i, when the ;
: minority here saw fit to avail themselves of every j
1 means allowed them under the rules of the House i
1 to defeat or prevent the passage of the bill with- |
1 out a full, fair, and fiee discussion of it on its ;
| merits, and werednvento the necessity of bring- ]
i in£ to bear our physical endurance in a session j
j of eighteen hours to accomplish the object, gen- !
■ tlemen on the other side, who biought about this
state of things, have seen fit to denounce thepro-
( ccvdmg as disgraceful after they themselves had
I produced or bi ought about the necessity for it.
The gentleman fiom Illinois, in his character-
! istic style, read a lesson intended for this side of
: the House, upon the subject, and the gentleman
fiom iVe w Yoi k, w ho assumes to be a sort of gen-
I eial lectuier, also, in his patronizing way, under-
'< took to review the proceedings of last Wednesday,
and to e.iil d >wn shame upon the heads of all
concerned. Now, I can say to that gentleman,
speaking for myself, and, I believe, a majority of
the minouiy on that occasion, that they were im*
'[ pelled to this comsu by a sense of sell-i expect and
an earnest desire to accomplish good for the roun-
i try. Throughout this whole Congiess, measures
|; of the most vital impoi tance to the whole country
II have been introduced heir-, and sometimes with-
]> out being pi in ted, have been huri led through under
the whip and spur of the pievious qui stion. Oi-
;j dmarily a resoittothe methods employed by the
" minority here on Wednesday last, to stop the
wheels of legislation, is not to be justified; but,
ij when a measure of this unpoitance, filled, m my
j] judgment, with more mischief than any measure
j} heretofore intioduced, bearing upon it& bosom
ii destruction, carnage, and death to every border
i{ slaveholding State, we would have been recreant
;i to ourselves, our constituents,and country, had
:! we allowed the rod of legislative despotism to have
■j been held over our heads without resorting to
i| eveiy legitimate means known in parliamentary
ji proceedings m resisting it. The very fact of such
jj resistance being used, affords a demonstration ot
ij the important interests involved in the measure.
|] Since that pioceedmg was inauguiated and the at-
; tendon of the House and country has been called
'j% to the monstrosities in the original bill, the father
|! of the measure has become alar med at it and struck
;! out that feature of it which seems to have been
1 aimed at the vitals of Kentucky, Maryland, and
Missouri. It authorized recruiting offices to be
opened in all those States, and authorized the le-
i! cruiting officer to receive as recruits the slaves of
j loyal men, under a mere piomise of future pay-
; ment. The slave thus received was to be free and
■I his family also. This, in my judgment was in-
tended to supply any omission in the emancipa-
H tion proclamation of the President; and as Ken-
' tucky, Missouri, Maryland, arid Tennessee were
:! not included m that unwarranted proclamation,
jj and as it is a favorite dogma of gentlemen upon the
ii other side that "freedom should be proclaimed
throughout the land, and all the people say amen,"
it became necessary to trump up some project to
accomplish the pui pose, and this infamous meas-
ure was the project devised.
The President's proclamation is called a mili-
tary proclamation ot freedom. This was intended
and designed to be a legislative proclamation of
freedom to operate in those districts of country
exempted from the operation of the Picsident's
proclamation Sir, while this bill, if passed, will
accomplish its object—its object, in my judgment,
being to free the slaves of the loyal slave States,
and not to add to the effective force of the Army—
the proclamation of the President will have hut
little effect in accomplishing its object. While the
executive proclamation will not very soon ac-
complish its purpose, this legislative proclamation
of fieedom will be carried into immediate effect
m the border slave States. In this view of the
case 1 felt called upon and fully justified in my own
conscience, in acting with this side of the House
in our earnest lemon.stiance of last Wednesday
to tho tyranny of the majority, and would to-day
feel justified m pursuing any line of policy au-
thorized by the rules of this House to defeat a
measure filled with wromr and an utter disregard
!' of the rights, under the Constitution, of the peo-
!j pie I represent here.
ii Where are these negroes to be obtained? The
ji bill as presc nted looked to their procurement from
Ii Kentucky, Missouri, and Maryland; and unless
;! the amendment offered by ihe gentleman fiom
Kentucky pievails, they will still be procured
|i from those States. If gentlemen are in earnest
ij when they say the Army must be increased to
!, one hundred and fifty thousand more men, and
;j they do not seek by this movement to inaugurate
j; servile insurrection, let them appeal to the white
ij race, and if they fail to answer, then there is an
i: end of it. Ifsei vile insut rection is to be the order
ij now and henceforth, and desolation and devas-
'! tation to sweep over this southern country, the
I j Chi istianity, civilization, and humanity of the age
M will revolt at it, and bring down upon its ougina-
i tors the scourgc of scorn and contempt. An ef-
j fort is now making, upon the demand of the great
| Noithwest, to open up the navigation of the Mis-
■; sissippi river. This is an impoitant object, for
!' they want the markets of that country in which
i, to t-ell their produce. Letthis policy prevail, and
;1 1 tell you that the navigation of that river will be
, of but little consequence then, for that broad river
i; will flow through a desert, and will have to be ro-
il peopled before a market is furnished to that great
section.
i| The gentleman from Illinois who rants so fu-
!j riously for the passage of this bill, and exhibits
ji indignation m repelling the idea that the present
!; Aimy will be demoralized by this black army,
and that the white man will not fight by the side
;! of the negro, has ceitainiy forgotten the veidictof
!j the people of ins own State, \v hen at a recent elec-
! tion they proclaimed by a majoi i ty of one hundred
, thousand that the negro was unlit to re&idein that
State. They put it in their constitution, their or-
!! game law, by that imnit n se majoi uy, that the ne-
, I gro, the object of that gen tie man *s piayers, solici-
; tude, and sympathy, should not be allowed to live
ii m Illinois. He is good enough for a soldier: but
II after the war is over and victory is won, if he goes
j, to the gentleman's State he is di iven out as one cal-
;' culated to demoialize society,and unfit to It vein the
! i same country with the free white man. The gentle-
i j man's people will not let the negro live in his State
j1 because of his corrupting influences; yet he will
take him in the Army, and say that the soldier in
, ■ the Ai my who would not allow him to live in the
i; same town, county, oi State, will not object, but
soive with alacrity by his side. They have said
ii he was unfit to live side by side with the white
\ man in time of peace, m the ordinary avocations
|; and pursuits of life; yet gentlemen will not take
|. this expression of the people of a great State into
ij consideration in making up their opinion upon
: this bill, and will insist upon this floor that no pre-
!, judice exists in the mmds of the soldiers or peo-
If pie against placing the black man inline of battle
'j with the white man.
!; How often have gen tlemen upon the other side—
\ the peculiar friends of the negro—said that Mis-
' souti is a great State, and would be the greatest
!i in the West butfor the existence of slavery; that
ii the people of the free States, while they admit
ii all its advantages, will nut emigrate to it because
