1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho.* of Beps. ■
Report of tlie Postmaster General.
Post Office Department,
December 1, j 862.
Sir: The condition and operations of this De-
partment, for the fiscal year ended June 30,1862,
are shown in the following report. I also suggest
therein some modifications of the existing postal
laws for the improvement of the servicc.
financial condition.
It gives me much pleasure to report a great im-
provement in its financial condition, as compared
with several precedingyears. The gross revenue
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861, was
$8,349,296 40, which embraced the revenue from
all the southern States for a large portion of that
year.
Notwithstanding the cessation of revenue from
the so-called seceded States during the last fiscal
year, the increase of correspondence of the loyal
States has been such as to produce a gross reve-
nue of §8,299,820 90, or only $49,475 50 less than
was derived from all the States of the Union in
the previous year.
The expenditures show a still more favorable
result. In the. fiscal year 1861,the gross amount
expended was §13,606,759 11. In the fiscal year
1862, the expenditures amount to §11,125,364 13,
showing a decrease of §2,481,394 98 in the ex-
penses as compared with the last year, and of
§3,749,408 76 as compared with the fiscal year
I860. The deficiency m the Department for the
fiscal year 1861 was §4,551,966 98. The defi-
ciency for the fiscal year 1862 is reduced to the
sum of §2,112,814 57, including among the receipts
in both cases the standing Treasury credit of
§700,000 for free mail matter.
appointment office.
The appointment office not only has supervis-
ion of the appointment and i emulation of all post-
masters, and the establish men i and discontinuance
of post offices, but also the distributron of blanks,
wrapping paper, and twine to all post offices; the
supervision of pay of clerks in post offices; of
allowances for furniture of post offices; of extra
allowances to postmasters under the acts of Con-
gress; of the appointment and pay of special
agents, route agents, local agents, and blank
agents; and of baggage-masters in ehargeof mails;
of the foreign mail transportation and foreign cor-
respondence, together with some other miscella-
neous duties.
The whole number of post offices remaining
established on the 30th June, 1862, including the
suspended offices in the insurrectionary States,
was 28,875, showing an increase, as compared
with the preceding year, of 289. Of these, 426
have the rank of presidential appointment, and
28,449 are filled by appointments of the Postmas-
ter General. Their classification by States is
shown in the appendix, (No. 1.)
The whole number of cases acted upon during
the last fiscal year is 7,7S5, and the number of
postmasters < hanged, from all causes, during the
yeai, is 7,102. The number of resignations has
been unusually large, owing to the patnotrc dis-
position of these officers to engage personally >n
the military service of the country. Further in-
formation touching the classification and location
of post offices, and the changes mad-* m different
States and Territories, will be found in the tables
(Nos. 2, 3, 4) appended to this report.
At the close of the preceding fiscal year, 1861,
the number of special ag -nts employed icgulaily
in the st r\ ice was 1G, whose salaried amounted Jo
§26,500. At the close of the fiscal year 1862. the
number whs 15, reducing the amount <>f salaries;
to §24,900. 1 have since discontinued another
agency, reducing the number to 14. Hut 1 also
employed, uiuh r the late act of Oongiess, three
temporary agents, at a sainry of §1.200 each, only
two of whom continue in the ser woe. They are
appointed from time to time for shoi t periods, and
to meet special exigencies of the set v ice.
My last annual report stated the number of
route agents in 1861 at 392. The number on the
30th June, J862, was 377. That branch of ox-
puiditure has been thoroughly revised, .resulting
m a redaction from the preceding year of &22,U2G.
The number of baggage-masters appointed in
chaige of malls has been increased fiom 50 to 74;
but owing to a revision and equalization of then-
New Series—No. 3.
pay, the total expense has, at the same time, been
reduced from §6,180 to §4,815.
The total reduction in ratps of pay of the sev-
eral classes of mail agencies, as compared with the
rates of the previous year, appears to be §25,636.
The details of these changes appear in an exhibit
appended to this report, (No. 5.)
The civil troubles agitating this country have
caused a large reduction in theamountof foreign
postages accruing during the last fiscal year. Tire
table (No. 6) appended to this report shows the
details of the scrvice between this and the several
foreign postal departments. The total reduction
in receipts from foreign postages is §217,940 88.
Under existing arrangements, the payment of
balances is made at the cost of the remitting coun-
try. A more just arrangement would require
the department receiving payment to pay the
exchange, if any, as a charge of remittance, the
collecting country standing rather as an agent
collecting the balance to be remitted at the cost
of, and in the manner directed by, the beneficiary.
I have directed a correspondence upon this sub-
ject for the purpose of establishing that principle
of adjustment. Under the present system tnis
Department suffers a net deduction from its own
domestic revenues to defray the cost of its remit-
tances to foreign departments of the balances due
to them, f trust a more equitable arrangement
may be established by a mutual effort for a just
principle of settlement.
It is also apparent ihat the prevailing arrange-
ment operates to the detriment of,the prepaying
country, wherever postmasters and post office ex-
penses are paid by commissions upon the amount
collected; for our estimated commission of forty
per cent, goes to cover expenses in this country,
while we remit the entire amount to the creditor
country, which, so far as it has the same system,
makes the entire collection without any of the ex-
pense it would incur if the collection was made at
home. It thus renders the post paymentof post-
age of pecuniary ad\anta<re to each country hav-
ing the system of defraying expenses by commis-
sions. In effect,it costs this Department (approxi-
mately) §40,000, beside the premium for exchange,
to collect and remit every §100,000 of balances
due to foreign countries.
To correct the inequality of this system, I am
ready to adopt the rule of absolute prepayment
of all foieign postages, where such prepayment is
practicable; or, in the alternative, to agree upon a
precise abatement of a percentage upon the ascer-
tained balances, as the estimated equivalent of the
cost of collection. I am also willing to adopt the
general i tile of iemitting balances under direction
and at the cost of fh«' creditor department.
The total cost of the United Stales transatlan-
tic mail steamship service during the year was
£,319,39.1 94. Oi" this amount, §33,509 10', was
earned by American steameis,pi;t forming five out-
ward and seven inward passages, for the sea and
United States inland postages; and ^285,884 23^
by foreign steameis, p«n for mmg one hundi ed and
thirty-eightouUvaid and one hundred and thirty-
five inward passages for the sen postage only.
The aagregat" amount of postage on the mails
exchanged with the British North American prov-
inces (lining the year was §177,753 51; of which
^95,123 33 was collected in the British provinces,
and §82.630 18 in the United Suites. Excess m
favor of the British provinces, §J2,493 15.
The United States postages on the West India
mails amounted during the yx.arto §50,956 60; of
which sum §41,546 28t? have been paid to the own-
eis ot the Hti amors performing the service to and
from Havana and other Wen India ports. The
mails have also iiceii conveyed by steamship:? to
Kev West and New Orleans for the postages, as
compensation for the service; four outward and
two inward tuns having bifrn performed between
New Voi k uiid'New Oi leans from May 28 to June
30, 1862. ai a cost of §1,304 21, and one inward
and three outward passages between New Yoik
and Key West, from May 31 to June 30,1862, at
a cost of §942 40.
The mails to and from Mexico having been for-
warded and received by way of Havana, the Hin-
ted States postages thereon are embraced in the
amounts reported for the West India mails.
The correspondence between the United States
and Central and South America, including also
Acapulco, Mexico, has been regularly conveyed
by the California line of steame'rs, via Panama,
under an arrangement made with Cornelius Vail-"
dcrbilt, Esq., hereceiving the UnitedSla'tes po"s6-e
age thereon as compensation for the service. The'
cost of this service amounted during the yettv to
the sum of $17,912 91. ''
Postal conventions have been concluded with
the Governments of Mexico and Guatemala, re-
spectively, copies of which are annexed. (Nos. 7
and 8.)
The convention with Mexico was negotiated by
our minister to that country, approved by the Sen-
ate, and finally proclaimed by the President. Its
provisions are very simple, establishing a sea rate
of postage between the two countries, both for let-
ters and printed matter, to be collected and re-
tained by the country dispatching the mails, in
addition, to its regular domestic rates, and the
country receiving the mails is to levy and collect
its regular domestic rates on delivery, thus avoid-
ing any postage accounts between the respective
Post Office Departments. It makes no provision,
however, for establishing and maintaining a line
of packets for the regular transportation of the
maifs between the two countries.
The convention with Guatemala was negotiated
and concluded between this Department and the
postal authorities of that republic, and came into
operation on the 1st of September last. It also
dispenses with accounts between the respective
Post Office Departments, each country being le-
quired to levy and collect its own postage only at
the rates established by tire convention,embracing
therein the sea rate. Provision is made for the
regularconveynnceof mails by way of the Isthmus
of Panama, the United States undertaking the cost
of servicc between New York and Aspinwall, and
San Fiancisco and Panama, while Guatemala un-
dertakes the isthmus and remaining sea transpor-
tation.
The postalconvention recently concluded with
Costa Rica, and approved by the Senate, has not
been ratified by the Costa Rican Government, for
the reason that it was found impossible to harmo-
nize its provisions with a recent postal law enacted
by the Congress of that republic.
Additional articles to the United States and
British postalconvention have been agreed upon,
establishing an exchange of mails between the
offices of Boston and Southampton, by means rf
the United States mail packets plying between
New Yoikuiid Southampton. A copy thereof is
annexed, (No. 9.)
Negotiations are ponding for a now postal con-
tention with Prussia, embracing the States com-
posing the German Austi ian Postal Union, which,
if concluded, will reduce the existing interna-
tional postage charges upon letters in the closed
mails from 30 to 22 cents the single rate, and ad-
mit into the mails not only newspapers but all
other kinds of printed matter at moderate postal
charges. It is also proposed to change the pres-
ent system of accounting upon the correspond-
ence exchanged in the closed mails, so as to ac-
count by weight of the letters, and in bulk, in-
stead of by the single rate, and thus simplify and
expedite the distribution and delivery of mails
at the receiving offices. This important proposed
reduction of postage between the United States
and the Geiman Postal Union will result from a
reduced A thin tic sea rate upon the closed mails ex-
changed with Prussia, via the United Kingdom,
of 12c£. (24 cents) per ouncc for letters, and 5d.
(10 cents) per pound for printed papers, whether
conveyed by United States or British mail pack-
<ts; with a further agreement with the British
post office to reduce the charges for the territorial
conveyance of all closed mails sent by the United
States through the United Kingdom, or by the
United Kingdom through the United Slates, to u
uniform rate of 4d. (8 cents) ppr ounce for letters
and od. (JO cents) per pound fur printed papers.
The expectation offered in my last repoit of a
reduction of the letter rate of postage between thi*
country and the United Kingdom from 24 to 12
cents, I regret to state, has not been realized; my
formal acceptance of this reduced rate for inter-
national letters proposed by the British post office
in February, 1857, having failed now to receive
the concuuence of that office. The British de-
partment states in reply that it is not disposed to
agree upon any reduction of the international letter
rate, uuul the existing contract entered into by it
