1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the presence of the black race. So deeply seated
is this feeling that they seek other and less ad-
vantageous localities to make their homes rather
than live in communities where the black man
lives. The presence nf the black man in Mis-
souri, they say, keeps out emigration to the State,
although they would nor necessarily be brought in
contact; yet these gentlemen involve themselves in 11
the inconsistency of saying that the white soldier !|
would be content with his introduction into the'
Army, where they would necessarily and in-
evitably be brought in contact with him. Rea-
soning of this kind I am wholly unable to com-
prehend. It contradicts itself. In many of the
non-slaveholding States, from which the present
Army is made up, the emigration of free negroes
is prohibited, thus showing such an aversion to
this race that they are unwilling to allow them to
]ive in their midst as common laborers. The sol-
diers coming from those States partake of this
feeling,and will.cxhibit it when marshaled side by
side wtih this class of persons.
I shall vote against this bill because itis impol-
itic and unwise. I shall vote against it because it
will tend to servile insurrection with all the hor-
rors incident to it. I shall vote against it because,
if inaugurated by the Government, those in arms
against it can, if they desire, putin the field three
to our one of this class of soldiers, and put them
in the field three times as quick. Aheady, when
compelled to abandon any portion of their coun-
try, they withdraw with their army the stout,
able-bodied men and women, leaving the old and
infirm, the young and helpless, inside of our lines,
thus throwing a burden and charge upon the Gov-
ernment without any corresponding; benefit. If 1
favored servile insurrection I would favor this bill.
If I fa vored incendiarism, devastation, desolation,
horrid butchery upon the innocent and unoffend-
ing, I would favor this bill. If I favored the kind
of murders and ravishments recently commuted
by the savages in Minnesota, and could forget that
my mother was a woman, I would favor this bill.
Being with all my heart, body, soul, mind, and
strength, opposed to all these things, I oppose this
bill, which, if passed, will bring about these results.
IVlr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, then addressed
the House. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. STKVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. MAY. I appeal to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I fear that I shall not have
sufficient, time.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, We will give you plenty
of time.
Mr. STEVENS. I think I had better pi oceed.
It seems to me that we have exhausted this sub-
ject pretty well. I want to say a few words my-
self.
Mr. MAY. Not one of my colleagues has
been heard on thus question, and I desire to speak
to it.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to yield to the gentleman
from Maryland. We shail save time by it. I
hope he will do it.
Mr. STEVENS. I am anxious to get a vote
to-night, and fear that we shall not have time.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois, and others. You
cannot get a vote to-night unless you yield.
Mr. MAY. Wilt the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania afford me half an hour? That is all I ask.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the debate has al-
ready been much longer than was stipulated the
other night.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will give an evidence of his good
nature to the House and allow my coP"ague to be
heard. He has not occupied the floor for one
hour nor for one moment, I believe, during the j
present session. I make it a personal request to
the gentleman to allow him to be heard now.
Mr. STEVENS. Although I think this debate
has run longer than itou^ht to have done, longer
than we had expected, yet if I can understand
that at the expiration of the half hour which the
gentleman from Maryland desites to occupy, and
after a few remarks from me, the vote can be
taken to-ni ht, without further delay, f will yield.
Mr. VOORHEES and others. We will agree
to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to that arrangement.
Mr. MAY. Mr. Speaker, the respect that I feel
for the people of the State i in part represent, my
knowledge of their feelings, their interests, and, I
believe, their ultimate deteiminatioti, require me
to state some objections to this measure. Sir,
with respect to the relations of this question as a
measme of Federal power, I am dismissed from
all obligation to consider it. As a manifestation
of military strength, these measures are simply
preposterous. As an evidence of national policy,
they are eminently disgraceful. Sir, they will fail,
and the enlightened opinion of mankind will pro-
nounce upon the attempt a condign judgment. To
us who are familiar with the characteristics of the
African race, these theories that sentimental gen-
tlemen on the other side so frequently present but
serve to amuse. Their ideas of the perfectibility
of the negro are another lesson to instruct us in
that mortal presumption which raises questions
with eternal power, and challenges the plans of
the Creator.
Sir, I never hear these platitudes sounded in this
Hall and intended to elevate the negro to the same
scale of being with the white man, without recog-
nizing an attempt to overthrow those gradations
which He has established in the distributions of
intellect, and am lerninded of the admonitions of
that noble Essay on Man, which I beg leave now
to repeat for the edification of these gentlemen:
" Go, wiser tliou. and tit thy scale of sense
Weigh tiiv opinion against Ptovulence,
Call impel taction what thou faneie-t such ;
t*ay, bete he ^ivo too little, then, too much.
Destiny all creatines lor tlij «pott or cost,
And civ, U* man V unhappy, God's unjust;
If man alone engro-s not ileaven's iugh care,
Alone made moua! heie, immortal there,
Hnaieh trom UN hand the balance and the rod,
Uejudge His ju>tiee, be the god of God."
Sir, we who recognize the amiable disposition
of the domesticated African, his inert nature, his
slovenly habits, his clumsiness, his want of vigi-
lance, and his timidity, know that of ail human
beings he presents the least qualifications for a
soldier. Go to your soldiers at Port Royal, New
Orleans, or Hampton, and ask them what (hey
think of this, and they will tell you that the effort
to crect the domesticated African into a soldier is
a preposterous exhibition of human presumption
and folly. Mr. Speaker, we are infoi med that his
sable majesty, the King of Dahomey, has raised
up around him, in the savage instincts of his race,
an army tremendously invincible, but cruel be-
yond all paialiel 111 the recoids of history, savage
or civilized. Is it the King of Dahomey whose
example is to be presented here for our adoption
in this enlightened, civilized, and Ohiistian Sand r
Do gentlemen consider, when they refer to in-
stances of the employment of the negro in the war
of the Revolution, or by that great commander at
New Orleans, that there he was engaged in fight-
ing on the side of his virtues? And do they not
see that thcproposition here is an attempt to array
him on the side of his vices, and make him emu-
late the ferocious displays of the King of Daho-
mey, or the horrors of San Domingo?
The people of Maryland recoil with abhorrence
ftom a pioposition that may lead to such results.
They ore startled by it. The civilized, enlight-
ened, and Christianized world will condemn to
unmitigated scorn that legislation which would
plant on our statute-books a measure so infamous
and infernal. Do we not recollect the thrill of
instinctive emotion with which we have listened,
when children, to the rehearsal of that noble
philippic which Lord Chatham delivered against
the proposition to employ savages in the war
against our forefatheis ? The impulses which re-
sponded to (he noble eloquence of that gieat ora-
tor were but the strong and emphatic admonitions
of nature, which should ever guard us against
measures so revolting to humanity. I do not
hesitate to say that rather than these furies shall
be let loose upon ourcountrymen " like Ate Ircsh
from hell," the people of my State will plant
themselves m a defiant opposition m those who,
regardless of every obligation both human and
divine, have summoned such demoniacal agencies
to maintain their power.
But, sir, independently of the grounds of objec-
tion I have stated, 1 am also opposed to this meas-
ure because I am opposed to the war. I wish
briefly to present my views on this ground of ob-
jection. I wish to do so with a feeling of pro-
found grief for the situation of our country. N©
views of a personal nature, AO feelings resent-
ment or of disappointmentshall mingle with.ray
thoughts; no captious criticisms, nor yet a fac-
tious design, shall mar five sincere views that I
now propose to present. I approach with diffi-
dence and apprehension the appalling condition of
our bleeding country, and see—
" [low nations sink, by darling schemes oppressed,
When vengeance listen* to the fool's request."
I would avoid the contemplation of its suffer-
ingsjand, if I could deny the claims of duty, for-
bear to try the difficult and embarrassing path
before me.
I came here a Representative of peace and com-
promise, and the uetermined adversary of-mili-
tary coercion. No party claimed my nomination,
but a short statement of my views was accepted,
and the people I have the honor to represent be-
stowed their confidence and elected me. No party
hailed my election, and I entered this Hall a Rep-
resentative of conciliation, an independent Rep-
resentative. Foreseeing the futility of arms in
such a contest as was then impending, and believ-
ing that the tuin which, now seems so inevitable
would follow the cruel strife that was to cleave
open the heai ts of kindred and of countrymen by
each other's hands, in countless numbers, \ have
opposed and voted against every measureof this
war. Not a drop of the blood of my countrymen
rests upon me. An advocate of peace from the
first and always, let no man, now that the sor-
rows of our nation rise up to Heaven appealing for
its sanctions, challenge or condemn my devotion
to its real interests.
At the first called session of this Congress, and
after the terrible lesson of Manassas had, as £
fondly hoped, opened through the vistas of-a
bloody and hopeless future of strife the contem-
plation of pence, T felt it was my duty to propose,
at once, a plan of adjustment. I did so; but it
met with no favor here.* Passion was yet longer
to rule the sad destinies of our once happy land;
and anger, hate, revenge, cold, calculating ava-
rice, too, and foul corruption, tainting the very air,
these were yet to hold an undisputed sway.
Sir, it will be recollected that i then predicted the
employment " of the cruel and merciless means"
that are now presented for our adoption. And my
Democratic friends will do me thejusticc to lecof-
Icct the earnest effort I made to warn them against
becoming: pledged to the support of a war " which
would require them to disguise their civilization
with the paint of the savage, and pursuing the war
paths of this Administration, seize the tomahawk
and sea! ping knife," results ftom which they now
so instinctively iecoil.
The present condition of our country can find
no parallel in history. In vain can an example
be searched for. A people the freest and happiest
of the earth, we were blessed with the best Gov-
ernment that ever has or will exist. Providence
seemed to have preserved our continent undis-
covered until the progress of the pi mciplcs of free
* At the extra session of this CongiMr. May offered
the following, (*«ee Gongre&juonal Globe, fir>t session,
Thinv-Seventh Congress, page 44">.)
" VVhereaf the Government of the United State? of Amer-
ica was created hy its written Constitution, and derived its
just power* alone fiom the ennsent ot the people, as con-
tained in that instrument, and it has no other powtus, and
force and arms can neither prefect vo nor iightlully he per-
mitted to violate its Constitution under any authority what-
soever ; and whereas Washington and other great «ages and
patriots, who founded out General Government, solemnly
warning their countrymen, predicted its destruction from
the establishment ot a ^eciional political patty; and they
al o entieatcd a spirit of cotnpiomise whenever necessary
to preserve the Union ; and wherea< a civil war now exi«ta
among the State- which have been united, and which, hav-
ing already piostiated the peace, ptospcruy, and happiness
of the pi.'upie, ,nid det-tiojid m.inv valuable emzf-ns, now
threatens their destruction in countless numbers, and by its
inevitable tendency, if not necessity, the final overthrow of
lree eoiu-titntional government: Titeieloie.
••1. Be %l rcsoh-dU Thai the suocu— ot the Republican
party, lounded, ah it is on a sectional, social, and political
que-non, hju>tly ie?pousible for the origin oi our present
national miMortuues,
" Q. That the uncompromising sph it hitherto manifested
hy the icpic&cmatives of thai party has prevented a peace-
Inl compromise and adjustment ot our unhappy difficulties
when the same wib piaetic/ible.
" That if the piesent war continues, the only safety
and refuge of constitutional government and civil liberty
will be tound in the constitutions and soveieigniy of the
scveiai States, and afterwards, through them, the only hope
of a future uud more harmonious* reeou&ttucnou of tbo
Union.
•< 4. That it Is impossible by arms to subjugate the peoplo
of the seceded States, united as they arc in such uumbei#,
no Cully prepared and revolved, and actuated by motives
