690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Trio bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being-engrossed it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
•Baxtft, Beanian, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, YVii- !
liam G. Brown, Buftinton, Campbell, Casoy, Chamberlain, j
Claik, Colfax, Frpdmick A. Conkhng, Roscoe ConklniL', ;
Conway, Cutler, Davis, Dawe*. Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, i
Eliot, lily, Fenton, Samuel C. t'cssetklen, Thomas A. D. j
Fctfsenden, Fishci, Frank, Gooeh,(*mley, Hooper, Huteli- :
ins, Julian, Kelley, Francis IV. Kdto™, Lansing, Loomi>, j
Lovjoy, Low, McIndoft,MeKean,MclCniglit, Mcl'herson, i
Marsion, Mitchell, Justin r?. Monill, Nixon, Nocll, Olni, j
Timothy G. Phelps!, Pi!c<\ Primeioy, Porter, John H. Rice, '
Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Shctfiefd, Shellaharger, Sherman, Sloan, Spauldinp, Ste-
vciis. Tiain, Trimble, Tiowbudge, Van Horn, Walker,
Wall, Wallace, Washbuine, Wheeler, Albert S. Whue^
Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—8,5.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-*
cona, Bnily, Riddle, Jacob B. Blair, Clement*, Cobb, Cox,
(-ravens, Crisfield, Crittenden. Delaplaine, Granger, Gri-
der, ilale, Hall, Harding, Ilam>on,Holman, Horton, John-
son, William Kellogu, Kerrigan, Law, Lazear, Loary,
Mallory. May, Maynard, Menzies, Morris, Noble, Norton,
Ode! I, Pendleton, Pi ice, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Shiel,
Stile*. Benjamin F. Thomas, Fianci* Thomas, Vallamlig-
ham, Vibbard, Wadswortli, Wub^tei, Whaley, Chilron A.
White. Wickliffe, Wood, Woodruff, Wright, and Yea-
rn an—-T>4.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, stated that Mr. Baker
was paired with Mr. Haight.
Mr. COBB slated that his colleague, Mr. Steele,
was detained from the House by illness; and that
if he had been present, he would have voted in
the negative.
Mr. DIVEN stated that his colleague, Mr. Van
Valkenburgii, was absent on account of illness
in ins family.
Mr. SHEFFIELD stated that as the bill re-
stricted the arming of negroes, he would vote for it.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the title of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mails question ordered; and being put, the title
was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at ten
minutes after six o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 3, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, lie v. Dr. Sutherland,
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CKKDKNTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. HICKS presented the credentials of Hon.
Eeverdy Johnson, elected a Senator by the Legis-
lature of the State of Maryland for the term of six
years commencing on the 4th day of March, A.
D. 1863; which were read, and ordered to be filed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Navy m ex-
planation of the course of that Department in
recommending to the President the appointment
of midshipmen in the Naval Academy; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
T>Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Ole
Nieison, praying permission to enter at the land |
office lot No. 1, section fifteen, township ninety-
live, north of range three, west of the fifth prm- :
c j pal meridian, on the Fort Crawford military
reserve; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. 1
Mr. WILKINSON presented amemorialofthe ,
Legislature of Minnesota, praying the passage of j
a general bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie |
on the table. ;
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a i
petition of hospital stewards of the United States j
Army, praying for an increase of their monthly !
compensation; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
Mr TEN EYOK pr^ented additional papers
in relation to the case of the heirs of John Den-
man and George Townleywhich were referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HICKS presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying for the passage of a general
bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of man-
ufacturers, merchants, and citizens of Whitewater,
Wisconsin, praying such modification of the in-
ternal revenue law as will provide for an income
tax instead of a tax on manufactures; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING presented three petitions of citizens
of New York, remonstrating against the bill of the
House of Representatives now before the Senate,
entitled "A bill to provide ways and means for
the support of the Government," which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, praying for the sale of the Fort How-
ard military reserve; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of inspectors
of customs in the city of New York, praying for
an increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of importers of
sulphur and saltpeter and manufacturers of gun-
powder, praying a drawback on the exportation
of gunpowder equal to the duty on imported sul-
phur and saltpeter; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
New York, praying for the passage of a general
bankrupt law; which were ordered to lie on the
tabid.
He also presented the petition of Jasper Hazan,
praying that the public lands in the disloyal States,
and the lands of rebels confiscated by the United
States, ma'y be appropriated for the benefit of
schools and academies; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS, I also present the memorial of
about a thousand discharged volunteers of the city
of New York, representing that they have not the
means to provide a decent lodging, and many of
them are dependent upon charity for their daily
bread; and that they have brought this condition
upon themselves in the service of their country;
and they ask that provision may be made by law
that they may receive the $,100 bounty that was
promised them on their enlistment. I move to re-
fer it to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
Mr. LATHAM. I have been sent a certified
copy of " an act to amend and supplemental to
* an act to provide for the assessingand collecting
county and territorial revenue in the Territory'of
; Nevada,' " with a memorial requesting Congress
to pass a law legalizing thataet. I believe that it
is a little informal, as a general law is usually
passed approving the acts of a Territorial Legis-
lature at once, but as this has been sent to me in
this manner, I shall ask its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
Mr.SUMNER. I presentthepetitionofEmma
Lucilla Fuller, widow of Rev. Arthur R. Puller,
a soldier chaplain, who recently fell at Freder-
icksburg. From the 1st day of August, 1861, he
had been a duly commissioned chaplain in the
sixteenth Massachusetts regiment of volunteers,
and had followed its flag faithfully and patriotic-
ally, religiously true through all the penis of the
peninsula and wherever else it had been borne.
Failing m health he felt it his duty to resign this
post. His honorable discharge bears date the very
day before the battle in which he lost his life. His
widow is left with four orphan children. Horcase
is not within the standing laws of the land. It
will therefore lequire a special art of Congress in
order to secure to her that pension which, I be-
lieve all will agree, is so justly her due. I ask the
special attention of the Committee on Pensions to
this petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS VROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Cofnmittee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred th*> bill
(S. No. 471) relating to the public schools in the
county of Washington and District of Columbia,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 482) to establish the
office of register of deeds for the District of Co-
lumbia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, who were instructed, by a reso-
lution of the Senate on the 12th of January, to
inquire what further legislation is necessary to
carry into effect the fourth article of the treaty of
Washington, reported a bill (S. No. 498) to carry
into effect the fourth article of the treaty of Wash-
ington, concluded between Great Britain and the
United States on the 19th of August, 1842; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Com mittee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 480)
in relation to the printing of public documents,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Thomas Blagden and others, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to. •
& BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill (S.'No. 499) providing for stopping
the pay of unemployed military officers, and for
other purposes; which was read.twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Hen-
derson to fill the vacancy.in the Committee on
Foreign Relations occasioned by the retirement
of Mr. Browning, and Mr. Richardson to fill
the vacancy on the Committee on the District of
Columbia, in the place of Mr. Henderson, who
was excused from further service on that com-
mittee.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiif.ridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (No.
675) to raise additional soldiers for the service of
the Government; in which it requested the "con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had directed the bill (H. R. No.
519) to increase the pay of Edmund H. Brooke,
chief clerk in the paymaster's department, to be
returned to the Senate in compliance with its re-
quest.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (8. No. 4o8) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the collection of direct taxes in in-
surrectionary districts within the United States,
and for other purposes," approved June 7,1862;
A bill (H. R. No. 561) in relation to commis-
sioned officers of the United States revenue cutter
service; and
A. bill (H.R. No. 649) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1864.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
665) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1864, have din cted me to
report it back without amendment; but I have two
amendments to propose from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. If there be no
objection, 1 ask that the bill be put on us passage
at the present time.
fjy unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of thy Whole.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to move
to strike out the twenty-first and twenty-fourth
lines. The twenty-first line is in these words:
For paper for blanks, $54,000.
The twenty-fourth line is in these words:
For printing blanks, $10,000.
