1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
These appropriations are for paper and for the
printing of blanks, which is provided for in another
bill connected with the public printing. These
items may therefore be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Officc and Post Roads to pro-
pose the following amendment as an additional
section: ^"
And he it further enactcd, That the Postmaster General
be, and lie is hereby, authorized to contract and provide1 tor
the ti asportation of the United States mails on the steam-
ships running between San Fianetsco, California, and Vic-
toria, Vancouver Island, to be delivered at Crescent City
and Tnnidad, California, Astoria and Poitland in Oregon,
as often as said steamships touch at said port« named,
and at I'ort Antrelos, Washington Territory, as) often as said
steamships approach 01 pass that poit going to or returning
from Victoria; and that the mail service piovided for by the
fifteenth section of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations lor The seivice of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1863," shall
cea^e <>u the termination of the year for which it was- con-
tracted * Provulcdncverthclcss, That the service herein pio-
vided tor shall not exceed the sum of $24,000 per annum.
i will observe that last year an appropriation
was made in the Post Office appropriation bill of
$20,000 for carrying the mail from San Francisco
up the coast to a single port in Oregon, Astoria.
It is now proposed to use the steam vessels which
are running from San Francisco to Victoria to
carry the mails whenever they run, and supply
the different ports, including those which are now
supplied under the act of last year. Under that
act a contract for one year was given out at a cost
of $20,000. It is now proposed to get this large
additional service running up to the mouth of the
Columbia nver and also into the Sound by Van-
couver Island and to our coast there, supplying
them weekly instead of monthly. It is to supei-
sede the present service, and the whole expense
of it is limited to $24,000, while the present ser-
vice costs $20,000, and for the increased sunt we
get a very much additional service. I offer this at
the recommendation of the Postmaster General.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, asamended,
and the amendments were concuried in, and oi-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
ASSISTANT KEOLSTEll OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire, if the Senate is
willing, to take up a little bill that I reported yes-
terday. There is some necessity for its being
passed immediately, owing to the press of busi-
ness in one of the Depai tments/1 piesume theie
will be no objection to it. If there is, I will not
insist upon it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 695) to provide for the
appointment of a Deputy Register in the Tieas-
ury Department, and for other purposes. Ir au-
thorizes the President to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, for the term of
one year, an officer in the office of the Register of
the Tieasury, to be called the Deputy it-'gist-T, at
an annual salary of $2,000. It also revives the act
entitled u An act to authorize the President to
appoint two additional Assistant Sectaries of
War," approved January 22, 1862, so as to con-
tinue the offices therein created for one year from
the expiration of the present terms of office.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Finance, with various amendments. The first
amendment of the committee was in section one,
line six, to strikeout the woid " deputy''and in-
sert the word "assistant."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the second section, in the following
words:
See. 2. And be it further enacted, That the act entitled
"An act to authorize the President to appoint two addi-
tional Assistant Secretaries of War,"appioved January^,
18G2, be revived, so as to continue the offices therein cre-
ated for one year from the expiration of the present terms
of office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following as a new section:
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That the duties of said
assistant shall be such a= may be devolved on him by the
Register of the Triasuty, and, in the absence of the Rcg-
lstei, said a<-Mant shall act m his place and stead; and
an> official record, ceitificate, or other document, except-
ing warrants. bond*, and diafts} if signed b> the Assist-
ant Register, shall have the same legal force and validity
as if signed by the Register of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following as a new section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, an officer in the War
Department, to be called the Solicitor of the War Depart-
ment, at an annual salary of §2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following as a new section:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the amount ne-
cessary to pay the salaiies of the officeis authorized to be
appointed by this act, lor the euirent and next fiscal year**,
be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropnated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring m the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The question will be taken
on all the amendments together, unless some Sen-
ator desires a separate vote on one of the amend-
ments.
Mr. Mo.DOUGALL. I desire a separate vote
on the amendment authorizing the appointment
of a Solicitor for the War Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be excepted.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concuinng in the amendment alluded to by
the Senator from California.
Mr. FOOT. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Srr. 3 And bp it. further enacted. That the Pte^ident be,
and he h hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent ot flic Senate, an officer in the War
Department, to be called the Solicitor ol the Wai Depart-
ment. at an annual salary of $-2,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the title
was amended so as to read: " A bill to provide for
tin; appointment of an Assistant Register of the
Treasury and a Solicitor of the War Department,
and for other purposes."
ISAAC It. DILLER.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to talce up a
little bill reported some time ago from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations—Senate bill No. 356.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, pioceeJed to consider
the bill (S.No. 356) to provide for the settlement
of the accounts of Isaac R. Diller, late consul at
Bremen. The Committee on Foreign Relations,
to whom the bill had been recommitted, reported
it with an amendment to strike out all of theoii-
ginal bill after the enactingclau.se, in the following
w o rd s:
That the Secretary of State be dnected to audit and we tile
the account* of Kaae R. Dillet. late eoik-ul at Bremen,
upon the pimeiple- of justice and equity. lor the expenses
inc utied by him (oi i\tia clerk bin- in hi* ofiioe and lor
necessary traveling exp'MiM1- beyond the limits of the said
consulate, and for moneys- advanced to destitute American
citizens, and to pay the amount thereof, not exceeding the
mm'of £'3,000, out of any moncyin the Trea-miv not other-
wise appiopriated.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Ti< a^ury be, and he i-« hereby,
! dnected, out ol any money m theTreasuiy not otherwise
; appiopriated, to pav to Isaac R. Diller, late, consul at Ihc-
i men. the sum of .•£3,655 55, in lull for the expense-* inclined
! by him for extra cieik hue in hi< office, and for moneys
i advanced to destitute Aineiican citizens dining the interval
between the ]>t of August, 1657, and the xiOtli of Septem-
I bei, 1861.
| Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
ij report in that case.
j| The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
!' The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Foieigu Relations!, to whom was re-
Ji ferred the memoual ot l=aac R. Diller, late United States
ij consul at the port ot Bremen, Germany, praying compeu-
i I sation for moneys expended byhnn while in the discharge
[j of his official duties, have had the same under considera-
i, uon, and now report:
ij It appear* from the memorial that Mr. Diller was ap-
!; pointed by the President of the United States, and confirmed
'} by the Senate, as consul to Biemcn,m the year 1857; that
II he took possession of the consulate on the 1st day of August
■ of that year, and that &he continued to perform the dutie
thereof until the 20th day of September, 186J, a period of
four yeais. one month, and twenty days. That durlngthfe
period he received as compensation for his'servicesthesum
of $2,000 per annum, as provided bv the act of August 18,
1856, which was not sufficient to defray his personal ex-
penses, and that he was also called upon to expend his pri-
vate funds for cieik hire, fuel, and lights, traveling expenses
on official business, and the relief of destitute seamen,"td
the amount of §4,380 55, a reimbursement of which he
asks.
The inadequacy of the salary which Mr. Diller received,
and the necessity for employment by him of clerks, In order
to properly perform his official duties, is cleaily set forthin
a letter from Hon. .Lewis Ca-s, Secretary of State, to Hon.
G W. Hopkins, chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs of the House of Representatives, dated January 12,
1859.
"The compensation attached to the consulate at Bre-
men," wiote Mr. Oa&s, " is $2,000 per annum, and the
consul is not penniued to trans-act bu-iness. The consular
fees, which in 1857 amounted to $1,177 27, are, under ex-
isting provisions of law, paid inrt> the United States Treas-
ury. A laige number of American vessels aie constantly
arnvmg in Bremen, requiring the immediate attention not
only ot the consul himself but one or two clerks, and since
the establishment of a line of steamers between New York
and Bremen the consular duties have been largely in-
creased by the number of American tiavelers arriving and
departing. The Bremen office is also made, to some ex-
tent,a distributing office for parcel? and letteis transmitted
from the Department to the United States consular and
diplomatic officers residing on the continent, the rate of
postage being about fifty per cent, less upon mail matter
sent directly to Bremen than if forwarded via Liverpool.
Bremen is also the piincipal port from which emigrants
take their departuie to the United States, the number thus
leaving amounting in the first ten months and a half in 1858
to twent\-two thousand five hundred and twenty-two;
and for the fiist nine and a half months in 1857 to forty-
tour thousand nine hundied and liny-one. It will be
le.tdily seen that the tune or" an intelligent consul must
be much occupied in fumi-hing emigrant^ with informa-
tion, and m attending to their wants. A competent clerk
cannot be obtained foi less than $600 per annum, which,
in consequence of the n'peal ol the seventh section of the
act of August 18, 1856, legulatmg the diplomatic and con-
sulai systems of the United States, must be paid from the
compensation piovided for the consul. The cost of living
in Germany bah a[so, within a few year-*, largely increased,
as will he seen by reierence to the accompanying extiacts
from dispatches ol the United States minister at Berlin and
the consul general at Fi.uikfoit, relating to the consulate at
Bremen.1'
Governor Wright, minister at Berlin, informed the De-
partment in a dispatch dated September 18, 1858, that the
consul at Bremen "cannot, with the most rigid economy,
live upon his present salary," and S. Richer, Esq., consul
genial at Finnkfort, t.nid, in a dispatch dated October 12,
of tire same year, that, fot reasons which he gave at length,
it was his " entire conviction that $4,000 salary and $1,000
for office expenses would be no more than a reasonable
compensation" lor Mr. Diller.
The memorialist slater that to proem e the services of an
American citizen as con-ular clerk, in accoidance with the
tC legulauons,'- who wa- acquainted with the language of
the couutiy, he was compelled to pay his first assistant
$600 a year, which he did actually pay during the four years
, that he*held the office, and that the German coirespondenee
I relating to emigiation occupied near!) the whole of this
individual's time during that period. To a second clcrk he
paid $200 a yeai, which, he represents, was not a remuner-
ation commensurate with the amount of labor performed,
but as much a-, the memorialist was able to pay under the
circumstances. The total amount paid by linn for clerk
hire is shown to have been $3,305 55.
The rnemoriah-t further represents that he was obliged to
expend $120 tor fuel and liaht< for the con-:ulai office ; that
he paid .$350 for the relief of destitute Ameucan citizens,
many of them sent to bun by United State-* consuls in the
mteiior of Geiin.m), that the) might be sent home; and
that his traveling expense-. on official business dming the
period of his consulate were $605 These journe>s were
to Berlin, to consult with the American minister there in
i elation to the compulsoiy enlistment of American citizens;
to Fiankfort, to consult with the United States consul there
on the transfer of German vessels to the Aiueiieati flag dur-
ing the Italian Avar, and to the port of Bremen, to ascertain
the real nationality of vessel1- for which United States pa-
pers were a^ked to render th«'ni neutrals.
The committee having icqucted the opinion of the De-
partment of State in leyard to the above items of expend-
iture by the metnotiah-t, received m reply a letter fiom
Hon. William Tl. Sewnid', Secietaiy of State, dated April
12,1802, in which he said :
1 " In i egaid to office expenses ' foi fu*i and lights,-" I have
j to state that the Department has never authorized any con-
sul to charge ^-uch expenditure-, to the Government,
i Ci Neither arc consuls allowed to charge the Government
■ their 'tiavehng expense",' unless, which 1* very rarely the
, case,the> aretravelmg on public hu->ines-- under file special
| orders of the Department, oi ot a United States legation.
! "Theieis no appropriation tubject to the disposition of
| the Depai tment to enable it to refund to ministers and con-
; suls the donations wluc ii they may make in charity to des-
\ titute Aineiican citizens other than seamen. On two oc~
: casions a hill fortius purpose has* passed the Senate, but
! been lo-^t in the liou-e of .Representative? after debate, on
j the ground that it would lead to a lar e ami constantly tn-
| creating expondituie. In this view of the subject the De-
j partment fully concurs. Special appropuations have been
j occasionally made by Congress, from tune to time, for the
1 relief of the consuls at Panama, Havana. Ilong Kong, and
! Mauritius, for the relief thus afforded to American citizenfc.
I At the two places first named, Amcucan citizens are often
I overtaken with sickness, and thrown destitute upon the
chiuity of the consul and his countrvn>en.
I "At Bremen, also, a port hom whence a large part of the
| emigration to the United States takes its departure, and
I wijere naturalized American citizens constant!) arrive,
