40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 8,
3'faH Cong....3d Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Richardson.
Ho. of Rups.
In this recommendation he seeks to give power
to do what he claims he has the power to do with-
out it; and by (his recommendation he admits
he has been exeicising unauthorized and illegal
authority. Is not tins in itself an admission that
the Constitution, unamended, giants no power to
Congress or the Executive to appiopriate or use
the money of the people for an v pui po.ses contem-
plated in this amendment? 1L cdls upon us to
■compromise. What compromise is that? For
whom does he propose a compromise? What
for? In order that you may have more power to
advance the negro. That is all theie is to it, and
there is nothing less of it. He tells us there are
differences of opinion among the flierids of the
Union l< in regard to slavery and the African race
among us." He says to all of those who differ
with him, suriender your convictions and come
to my plan—and hecalls thatcompiomise! Com-
promise! Yes, 1 trust in God the day is nut fur
distant when the people of this country will com-
promise and save the Constitution and the Union
for the white people, and not for the black peo-
ple. Our people are for no other compromise than
that.
There are other portions of the message upon
which I should like to bestow some attention, but
I will forbear to do so now, for I desire to call
the attention of the committee to anothet propo-
sition of the President connected with this sub-
ject,
The proclamation of the of September last,
issued by the President, took the country by sur-
prise, and no one of the citizens more than my-
self. I had fondly hoped and been anxious that
the President of the United States should so con-
duct himself in iiis high oflice as Chief Magis-
trate, that 1 could lend him my support. I have
been duven, with thousands of Others, into op-
position to the policy contained in that proclama-
tion, for reasons which must commend themselves
to every reflecting man sincere! y desirous of term-
inating this war and suppressing the rebellion.
Mr. Lincoln, on the 4th of March, 18(51, on the
east portico of this Capitol, took a vow, which he
said was registered in heaven, to support the Con-
stitution of the United Suites. In his inaugural ad-
dress delivered on that occasion, he said he had
no lawful authority or inclination to interfere with
the institution of slavery in the .States where it
exists. In his proclamation of the ^2d of Sep-
tember last, he assumes that he has power to for-
ever tree " all persons held as slaves within any
State, or designated part of a State, the people
whereof shall be in rebellion against the United
States/' thus violating the pledge so solemnly
made in his inaugural address.
If the object of t he proclamation was not to aid
the rebellion, its effect was. It has strengthened
the rebellion by driving into their army every
person in the South that it was possible to diive
there. Was its intent to affect those alone in re-
bellion:' Clearly not. The slaves of everv man
in a rebellious State were to be free. The" loyal
man owning twenty slaves, and the man in the rebel
army ovvninga like numbei, were, by that procla-
mation, to le; effected precisely the same. The
object of the pioelamation was to benefit the ne-
gro, not to restore t he Government or preserve the
Constitution, it was nothing more, nothing less.
It gots a bow-shot beyond anything done by this
Houho at the last section of Congress.
Butagain. If the proclamation is to bo carried
into effect, the warmustcoiiimue until every slave
is live, ll every lebel should lay down his aims
en ihe 2d day ol January next, or any subsequent
day, and submU himself to the laws and Consti-
tution ot the United States, the war would still j
have to go on, unless the slaves weie all free, for '■
the proclamation declares that "the executive!
Government of the United Slates, including the j
mi'itaiy and nav.il authorities thereof, will lecog- j
ruze and maintain the freedom of such persons/' :
It l *'engtheuthe mm of the rebellion, and post- !
pones the tune of restoring peaeo to this country, ■
by the declaration of the purpose tor which the j
executive power shall be used. In what respect ]
has our cause—the cause of the Union—been ad-
vancod? Up to that time, throughout th--* great
Northwest, you had butto call for volunteers and
tiiey rushed to the Army. Since then, you have
had no volunteering. Prior to that time it was not
necessary, as the Secretary of War—as I am told,
for I have not read his report—now declares it is
necessary, to have provost marshals in every coun-
ty to arrest deserters from the Army.
We arc informed that but a few days before the
issuing of this pioclamation, the President him-
self declared, in a conference with some gentlemen
who weie urging him to this step, that it would
not only be wholly inoperative in the object sought,
but would directly weaken us in the border States,
hut significantly added that it might increase our
strength in the North. I pause here to inquire
where that additional strength in the North was
to bo obtained; not certainly fi om the Democratic
element in the Noith. If additional vigor was in-
fused into the service, it must come from some
other quarter which until then had not heartily
sustained the policy of the Administration. I
need not particularize what class of individuals
were to be thus induced to lend their support—
the country well knows the baleful influences of
this class, and the ends they seek to accomplish.
But this is not all. The record of the military
operations show to-day almost conclusively what
the country had for some considerable time sus-
pected: that success in a mibtaiy point of view
was not so much the object sought as the bring-
ing about a condition of things when a proclama-
tion of this sort could be urged as the only means
of secuung to us success.
Some of the reasons are now before the public
why McClellan did not capture Richmond. At
the last session of Congress I commented on the
fact that the armies on the Potomac, instead of
being massed, were divided into four or five corps,
and each corps under an independent commander;
no two of Lhem cooperating together; thus en-
abling a mass corps of rebels under Jackson to
defeat three of them, and to unite before Rich-
mond in repulsing McClollan. I will not now ro-
| peat u hat I then said. I lefer to the fact as a link
| in the chain of evidence which I shall to-day ad-
d uce.
There was, dining the whole time McClellan
was at the head of the Army, continual demands
that he should advance upon Richmond. The
class of persons who raised this outcry were the
persons who favored emancipation. This clamor
toicod from McClellan his plan of campaign, as
we are told by the Prince de Joinviile, which the
icbels learned in lew days after it was known in
Washington. Cfcour.se they piepared to meet it.
MeCli llan moved forward from Fortiess Monroe
with over one hundred thousand men. lie ap-
proached the position of the lebels under Magi u-
der, expecting McDowell to go by another route
to cutoil the retreat, when they were driven back;
McDowell never icached or started for the point
that he was to occupy. The rebels were deieated
and driven back; instead of their retreat being cut
off, the road to Richmond was open to (hem. Jf
this had been assailed by McDowell on their re-
treat, their capture or destruction was cei tain, and
the match ot our army to Richmond would have
been unobstructed, and its capture beyond all
doubt. The rebellion could not have continued
sixty days. Thus opportunity was lost. And
j why and by whom? Not by McClellan.
The Prince De Joinviile tells us that McClellan
js reinforced by Fiankhn\s dnnuon while on the
Peninsula, and" that was nil of McDowell's forces
that ever came to him. The valor and endurance
! of oui tioops oveteame all obstacles, and drove
, back the enemy to the intienchments ai ound his
j capital. McClellan has no information from
| Washington as to the position of the vaiious
1 troops around Washington, doing nothing, pro- :
[ teeting nothing; but from rumors—camp rumors j
| —learns that McDowell's forccs are at Fiedeiieks-
j burg and to the front. Porter's corps, from the |
| right wing of tue army, is sent to open commu- j
j mcation with McDowell,lfpossible. Porter dnves '
| the enemy from MLchamcsville, and learns that
| McDowell's advance is only fifteen miles distant.
' The news of the fact gives great joy to the army. ,
Forty thousand additional troops are to aid m the
capture of Richmond. Its fall is certain. An '
order conies fiom Washington, and McDowell j
withdraws his forces, blowing the bridges up as ■
he retires. McClellan is overwhelmed by supe- !
nor numbers, and forced to retire, iight ng as no j
retreating army ever fought before. i
Thus we see that twice the rebel capital is saved
from falling into our hands, not by any skill or
courage of its defenders, but by some unexplained
; acts of our own ruleis. 1 repeat that the fall of
' Richmond, the defeat of the rebel army, would
have been the end of the rebellion.
The reasons for the movement of the army
under McClellan from the James river, so as to
unite it with the one near Washington, is before
the country, and needs no comments from me.
The correspondence between Generals Ilalleck
and McClellan vindicates the one and condemns
the other.
When Pope's army retires to Washington be-
fore the army of Lee, let loose from their prison
in Richmond by the removal of McOlellan's from
:i the James river; when the capital is threatened,
| Maryland invaded, and Pennsylvania menaced,
1 McClellan is again called to assume command,
i and drive the insolent foe across the Potomac.
' He reorganizes the disordered battalions, brings
order out of confusion, marches a large army
over one hundred miles, and in less than twenty
days fights two battles, wins them both, and
drives the rebels across the Potomac; relieves the
capital and gives courage to our Army. Things
being in this position, on the 2'2d of September
the President issues his pioclamation to free the
negro, and follows it up bv the one of the 24ih,
to make slaves of white men. McClellan re-
fused or failed to indorse cither of them in his
order to the Army, and then his removal was
decided upon. His competency to command had
nothing to do with his lemoval. lie had vindi-
cated that. The idea of these people seems to be
that pioclamations are all that is necessary to
make war successful. They issue proclamations
! to free the negro, and call that a vigorous prose-
; cution of the war.
The charge that McClellan failed to relieve
I'lai pei's Fei i y is a mei e pi etex t, got up to oi der
by a commission of lineal descendants of Justice
Shallow, and they, like then-ancestors, have writ-
ten themselves down as asses. Their finding has
I; but to be read to be condemned. The learned
Jj commission find Colonel Foid censurable be-
'I cause he surrendered Maryland heights after he
was relieved; an'd the same commission censuicd
j] McClellan because he did not leheve that point.
!: Here is their finding:
I; '• Tiic General nt-Ciuel abo tostule-, that m Ins opinion
i Gem. ral McClrllrtii could and s-hould ha\ e i ehevcri and pio-
'! U'cfed IlaipeiV Fern, and in tin-, opinion the commission
!] fully concur.
:; " I5y reterenee to the evidence, it will be seen that at the
voiv moment Colonel Foul abandoned Man land heights,
his little aimv m icaluvn lu-ved i>\ Generals Fianklm
and Suinnet'^ eoip  atCiamptonSGap, within &eveu miles
of hi* position."
Truth is consistent; falsehood and cnor are in-
consistent. The finding of the commission is of
the latter chaiactcr. The commission give facts
and dates which show conclusively that McClel-
lan did all that could be done to leheve Hai pcr*s
Perry, omitting one that I will supply. On the
11th of September he telegraphed llalloek to have
Colonel Miles ordered to join him at once. All
communication had been destioyed on the 7th
with Harper's Ferry. On the 10th of September
Halleck telegiaphcd Wool to place lus troops
under the command of McClellan, (which included
Harper's Fctry.)
On the 13th of September, McClellan for the
first time learns the situation of Haiper's Feiry,
and without delay, as is shown by the commis-
sion itself, oulei s Sumnei's and Ft ank I in 's corps
j to its lelief. I give but a buof statement uf the
i tacts; it is sufficient. On the same day Haiper's
i Ferry was placed unuer command of McCiel-
, lan, Brigadier General Whitean ived at Haiper's
: Ferry. He waived rank to Colonel Miles, theie-
j by confessing his inability to assume command
| in con I bi mi ty to his rank, yet the comm ission say
| he. did noble and gallant service, find nothing to
| censure in him, and I suppose in due time he will
, be promoted for this gallant forbearance. The
commission censure General Wool for continu-
ing Miles in command at Ilarpei's Ferry, but
applaud White for waiving r,mlc that Miles might
surrender what Wool commanded him to hold.
"Wool put n quietus upon them by showing that
the War Department had directed Miles to report
directly to that office from day to day, and he
