1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31tii Cong....3d Sess.
The War—Mr. Cravens.
Ho. of Reps.
could have shown the following telegram from
this city to Colonel Miles;
"The Department have perfect confidence in your ability
and in your com potency, and direct that you hold your po-
sition to the la r extremity."
Stanton, Halieck, and Lincoln have confidence
hi Miles; they continue him in command of an
important position; White waives rank for him—
but McCIellan must be censured, and this is one
of the points on which they seek to assail him.
But Halieck says he disobeyed orders in not
crossing- the Potomac and giving battle to Lee.
Of necessity, McCIellan's army was shattered by
the battles in Maryland. His army was, of ne-
cessity, much scattered, and Halieck had him-
self, under his own command, seen the evil re-
sult. of throwing in the face of a masked foe an
inferior force. Such folly at Pittsburg Landing
clothed in mourning the Northwest. The East
had felt its effect in Pope's campaign, under the
eye of Ilalleck. There has been quite enough of
this. When we recollect Ilalleck's rapid and
expeditious march from Pittsburg Landing to Cor-
inth, then we can comprehend why he is so anx-
ious for the rapid marches of McCIellan. Neither
in Halieck's complaints, nor in the finding- of the
commission, do we find anything to warrant the
removal of McCIellan from his command; and
hence my mind is brought to the inesistible con-
clusion that it was his failure to indorse the proc-
lamation that was the real cause of his removal.
These remaiks are not made for the purpose of
bringing forward General McCIellan, orany other
person, in connection with the Presidency of 18C4.
At the appropriate tune, I shall be prepared to take
my position on that subject. I will be for the
wisest and firmest, and most patriotic of our
statesmen. For him who is for the preservation
of the Constitution and for the preservation of
the Union; for him who is most devoted to civil
liberty and constitutional guarantees.
On the 17th of March last, my colleague [Mr.
Lo\ejoy] having heaid thattwo negroes had been
arrested, introduced a resolution instructing a com-
mittee to inquire into the facts, which lesolution
parsed this House by a majority of two to one.
On the fir&t day of this session I introduced a res-
olution directing an inquiry into the causes why
white citizens of Illinois, without charges being
made against them, were detained in the various
forts and Bastiles in the country, and that resolu-
tion was laid on the table, on motion of Mr. Love-
joy, by a similar vote. The Army is being used
for the benefit of the negro. This House is being
used for his benefit. livery department of the
Government is being run for his benefit.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have a single word to
those who are temporarily exercising the functions
of the executive depaitment of the Government.
I fear they have not studied the history of the
people of this country, or the characteristics of
the race fi om whom they have descended. That
history, correctly understood, shows that in con-
tests with power they have ever wrenched, even
from unwilling hands, fiesh guarantees for their
liberty. I am led to make these remarks m view
of the an ests of thousands of men in loyal States,
without due process of law, by the order of the
executive officers of this Government, at the times
and places where, in all cases, courts of justice
were entirely open, and the execution of the laws
wholly unobstructed. The most remarkable page
in the history of our lace is the fact that while
these outrages have been committed upon the rights
of our people, no resistance has been offered, no
violence done, and no life has been taken as the
penalty for the wrong. The desire of the people
to preserve the peace in their own midst has re-
strained them thus far from the commission of
violence.
Attempts have been made to intimidate our peo-
, pie at the polls. Provost marshals have been sent
every where, and yet our people have not been
provoked to violate order. But they are in earnest.
They mean to preserve their liberties and then-
rights. The results of the last elections were of no
temporary character. Such a triumph has never
before been witnessed in this country. There is
not a man who voted the Democratic ticket last
fall,throughout the country, who is not prepared,
when the proper time comes, to lay down his life
lather than sacrifice his liberty. We may as well
understand this. Let us talk plainly about it.
Let us not try to deceive ourselves or others.
We ate no assassins. We arc no law-breakers.
Our people have endured a great deal. They have
submitted to arbitrary arrests and imprisonments.
But let me say to you, in God's name, " pause,
stop; ynu cannot go any further." Our people
are resolved that you shall not. They are de-
termined. Do not misunderstand them. We are
for union. We are for liberty—constitutional lib-
erty. Our ancestors, in all times past, have vin-
dicated it; and their descendants, after long suf-
fering, will, if need be, vindicate it before God
and the world.
1 repeat it, Mr. Chairman, our people are in
earnest. They mean all that they have said.
They love the flag, because it represents Consti-
tution, order, law. They do not wish to be slaves,
and do not mean to be made slaves. We have
had a bill passed here to-day, under whip and
spur, without debate, without inquiry, extending
amnesty to those who have thus wronged our
people. 1 think you had better also pass a bill
extendingamnesty to those of you whom the peo-
ple have condemned for your course here, so that
you can have a political resuirection hereafter.
That is the only way you can ever have it done.
It is the only way in which you can ever have
forgiveness. If you expect that when the courts
come to look at the monstrous bill which you
have passed to-day, wiping out all the lights of
those who have been immured in prison, they will
hold itas constitutional you aregreatlymistaken.
No court of justice will hold that that gives in-
demnity for the wanton, reckless, tyrannical ex-
ercise of power. It is not justice on earth. It is
not justice before God in heaven. My opinion
about it is that you had better have left the courts
open to our people, and let those men who had
ruthlessly and recklessly violated every precept,
law, and Constitution, take the legal consequences
of their acts.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is no excuse or pal-
liation for the arrests that have been made. I care
not whether you take the case of the old man,
like Mahoncy, tottering to the grave; or the little
boy in New England, who sells newspapers for
a living; or men of high and spotless chaiacter
and devoted fidelity to the laws, like Judge Duff,
of Illinois; or the unfortunate boy who was con-
fined in Camp Chase, who could not pay his wash-
erwoman 's bill, and was, therefore, accused of
disloyal practices; or take the men of great intel-
lect, like Edson B. Olds, of Ohio, or the unlearned
squirrel-hunter from my friend's [Mr.RoBiKsoN'bj
distiict, who did not know but that Jeff Davis and
Lincoln were on thesame side; or the intermediate
between these extremes—there is not one of them
that could not have been tued in the place wheie
the offense was said to have been committed; and,
if found guilty, correct public sentiment would
have seen that the penalties of the law were fully
enforced upon them. In all these eases you have
violated the Constitution and laws. You have
disregarded them both. And now you turn around
and pass an act of immunity to all concerned in
inflicting these outrages and wrongs. You have
had immured in prison men equal, ay, superior,
in intellect to the Piesident orany Cabinet officer;
men more devoted to the Constitution and laws
of the country than all of them together. Now,
after all these outrages, you propose to invest the
Piesident with power to suspend the writ o{habeas
corpus, the great buthnght of Englishmen and
Americans; and which has never, until now, been
disregarded under any circumstances in this coun-
try, except inside the actual lines of the Army.
Mr. Chairman, I have talked warmly on this
subject because 1 felt deeply. I have advised, and
now advise, moderation. Our people want peace.
They mean to preset ve the Constitution and the
Union. They know that you cannot persist in
the course which you are now taking. That coutse
leads to the desfiuction of both the Constitution
and the Union. I am not authorized to speak or
lay down the plan which is to govern anybody m
future. I do not speak to-day for that purpose.
Perhaps I should not anticipate the course of
the President of the United States in regard to his
proclamation. I trust that lie will reconsider H;
that he will pause and not go forwaid with it.
This Government cannot be restored by the sword
alone. You must carry with it the olive branch.
: The President says we are making history. I
; trust we are not making such history as the in-
i cendiary who swung his lighted torch in the air
! to burn the temple of Diana at Ephesus,and who
| has left his name behind, while the name of him
who reared that temple has perished from our
memories. I think wo may expect that, under a
j change of policy, the blessings of the Union may
yet be restored and made perpetual.
Mr. Chairman, I am very much obliged to the
committee for the attention with which it has lis-
tened to my remarks. I have spoken freely and
fairly, and attempted to do my duty in this great
public crisis of our country.
THE WAR,
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. CRAVENS,
OF INDIANA,
In tiie House of Representatives,
December 18, 1862.
The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. CRAVENS said:
Mr. Chairman, I ask the indulgence of the
House whilst I do justice to myself and the party
to which i am proud to belong. Itis well known
that it has not been my habit to enter into the dis-
cussion of questions not immediately before us for
our consideration; nor would I now rise for the
puipose of general debate, were it not for the ex-
traordinary speech delivered yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Noell.] An imper-
ative sense of duty demands that I should not let
its unfounded chai ges against the loyalty and good
faith of the great national Democratic party go
unrebuked upon this floor. My people have ever
been deeply attached to the Constitution and the
Union of the States, and there is no object which
they more desire than their restoration to their
original purity and glory. As their Representative,
I have uttered no word, and given no vote, that has
not looked to that result. Yet the contrary has
been charged upon us; and it is with those charges
1 have to deal.
But before I take them up, let me say that I fully
indorse the noble and patriotic sentiments so elo-
quently expressed by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Ye aman,] who has just taken his seat.
His people and mine are neighbors, living as they
do in the fertile valley of the Ohio; the one upon
the northern and the other upon the southern bank
of that beautiful river. We are knit in the closest
ties of social and commercial intercourse; and in
what he said upon the great questions now agi-
tating the public mind, I am satisfied he spoke not
only for his but for my constituents. 1 congrat-
ulate Kentucky in having secured so woithy a
successor for the late General James S.Jackson,
who fell in the battle at Perryville, yielding his
life a sacrifice for the preservation of the in tegrity
and honor of the Union and the Constitution. A
truer heart, a purer patriot, a fii mer national Dem-
ocrat, or a more gallant gentleman, has not fallwi
in this most bloody civii war. Indiana has not
forgotten the debt of gratirude she owes to Ken-
tucky. It has not passed from hei ruemoty that
j jn the dark and gloomy days of Tippecanoc, when
j, the torch and tonvdiawk of the savage earned des-
j. olation into the" settlements of our frontier States,
jl Kentuckians came to the relief of her people, and
! sa\ed her women and children from a bloody mas-
!; sacie. It was, therefore, with alacrity that Indi-
r anians responded to the cry for help that came up
!! from the loyal men of Kentucky, to hurl back the
j. hordes of rebels that were desolating her borders.
Ii What, sir, is the chaiacter of the chatges to
!; which I have adverted, made by the gentleman
|, from Missouri, [Mr. Noell,] against the national
i Democratic party? He asserts that it is an anti-
|| war party, and an obstacle in the way of the.speedy
i' suppression of the rebellion. He attempts also to
!, draw a parallel between it and the old Federal
!: party of 1812; and lie would insinuate that it is
destructive of the fair fabric of American Gov-
eminent. I shall undertake, in an humble way,
ji to vindicate the Democratic party, with which I
|S have, been associated ever since 1 could compie-
i! hend the principles of Government and the plat-
