1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I have had no means of verifying that actual ex-
penditure at Bremen,and 1 know no way in which
it could be done. With regard to the other item,
for extra clerk hire, that is given in detail. The
claim for a principal clerk, for four years one
month and twenty days, is put down at $2,483 34,
and of the assistant at $820 21, making for that
item a sum total of §3,305 55 during four years.
Is the Senator answered ?
Mr. GRIMES. I am not very satisfactorily
answered, Mr. President. I asked what were the
vouchers. What was the evidence before the
committee when they undertook to audit and allow
this claim, and fixed it at this precise amount in
dollars and cents? What were the vouchers?
What evidence was before them that this man had
ever paid out this amount of money and was-en-
titled to receive it back from us?
Mr. SUMNER. The papers annexed to this
memorial, being the accounts.
Mr. GRIMES. This claim was before the Sen-
ate at the last session and was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
not rejected; it was under consideration, and on my
own motion it was lecommitted to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. GRIMES. It was recommitted after the
Senate had indicated that it was unwilling to pass
any such bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator wii[ pardon me
once more. The argument against the bill at the
last session was th<U the Committee on Foreign
Relations had not done all that it ought to do m
proposing to refer the claim to the Department of
State; that it belonged to the committee to audit
the case and icport definitely upon it. The Sen-
ator from Now Hampshire [Mr. Clark] made
the special objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. That was one of the argu-
ments, I remember very distinctly, that was urged
against the bill, that it directed the Secretary of
State to audit and settle the accounts of Mr. Oil-
ier upon principles of justice and equity, leaving
the Secretary of State to determine what those
principles were; and it was deemed unsafe by the
members of the Senate to intrust any such au-
thority to him. The bill was then recommitted to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; and they
have at this session, 1 behove, repoited back a
substitute for the bill, by which they have pro-
fessed to audit the items of the claim and state an >
account, and they report that Mr. Oilier ought to
receive $3,66*5 55. ;
The Senator fiom Massachusetts made a very
strong appeal in teply to the question proposed
to him by the Senator from Pennsylvania, when
he asked him if he was willing that these citizens
of outs who were m distress m Bremen should
not be furnished facihiies for getting away from
that foreign port. Why, Mr. President, accord-
ing to the statement which the Senator himself has '
made, of this $3,655 55 only $350 05 was paid out ,
for any such purpose as that, leaving $3,305 50
virtually an increase of the salary of this Mr. Dil-
Xer; being, I believe, for $1,000 salary paid to his
chief clerk for two or three years, and the balance
to some subordinate clerk. Atany rate, $3,305 50
of it certainly did not go to ameliorate the condi-
tion of digressed citizens who might fiave been in
that foreign port.
Mr. SUMN ER. I did not say it did.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 know the Senator did not
say it did; but he based his argument solely on
that simple item.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. GRIMES. Almost exclusively, certainly.
It was a very urgent appeal he made to us to vote
for the appropriation because the money was ex-
pended for such a humane purpose, when really
it was going \ ii tually to increase the salary of Mr.
Diller. Now, what have we got here? What does
the Senator say are the vouchers on which this
claim is allowed5 Simply the memorial of Mr.
Diller himself, with what purport to be vouchers
appended to it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will allow me to
make a slight addition to that. All these papers
were refened to the Department of State, and the
Secretary, in a letter, after having examined all
these papers, and therefore to a certain extent, if
1 may say so, audited the claim,gave an opinion
in favor of the two items which are included in
the bill. Therefore the committee did not rely
simply on these papers alone, but on the opinion
of tho Department of State on these papers.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, Mr. President, I sup-
pose that we are as able to judge by these papers
as to whether Mr. Diller'is entitled 
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, if you will exam-
ine them as carefully as the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I hold in my hand all of these
vouchers upon which the Committee on Foreign
Relations have acted; and I find that-the only
voucher is an affidavit of Mr. Diller himself to his
account, making it out $4,380 55"? That is all the
voucher there is; and according to the statement
of the Senator from Massachusetts, it seems to
be the only voucher upon which the Committee
on Foreign Relations acted.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 must beg the Senator's par-
don. 1 said the committee acted also on a letter
from the Secretary of State.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not a voucher; it is a
mere recommendation.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
thcfuithei considerationofthis bill be postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think we had better have a
vote on it. Let it be disposed of. -
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It will take
all day, I fear.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to debate it.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I wish tosaya word,and
that is simply that I shall consider this a very
dangerous precedent. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would reduce his bill to the amount paid
out for the relief of destitute American .seamen and
citizens, I should be willing to vote for it; but the
Senate will perceive that it stands in this position:
a gentleman is a consul, he holds his office, he
makes no complaint, he holds it year after year,
says nothing about any claim to the Department
or anybody cls* ; but after he gets out of office he
finds out for the first time that his salary was in-
sufficient, and he notifies Congress that all of that
time he had been obliged to expend money to hire
clerks, and as he made no application for extra
pay for clerks, he has a demand which he brings
before Congress for several thousand dollars. If
we establish such a precedent as that, we shall have
all our foreign consuls making similar claims. Tt
would have been very easy for him at the time at
!j least to have made representations to the State
|j Department that he was obliged to be at this ex-
it pense, and that it ought to be made up to him or
11 he would be unable to hold the office. He did not
ij choose to do that, but held on to his office, dis-
| charged the duty, paid the bills,and when he re-
11 turns home he brings a claim against tho Govein-
! mcnt for what he has been obliged to poy out to
his clerks for three or four years. We may do
; that and do it on the affidavit of the party himself,
j! but in my judgment there will be no end toit.
;! Mr. CHANDLER. I am under very great
I obligation?; to the chairman of the Committee on
.: Foreign Relations for taking the consulates under
his special charge. I was not aware before that
| they belonged to his department. I will only say
; that if you establish this as a precedent 
! Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will excuse me.
1 This class of cases long before I ever entered this
Chamber had been habitually referred to the Com-
1! mittee on Foreign Relations. Phope every one
,j of them hereafter will b'1 referred to the commit-
■; tee of which the Senator is chairman,
'j Mr. CHANDLER. I prefer very much that
■I the Committee on Foreign Relations should re-
! lieveus of this labor; but I believe this would be a
j very dangerous precedent to set. 1 have received
; a great many letters from consuls claiming that
their salaries should beiaised on accountof these
: very expenses that arc now brought before Con-
■ gress as a claim, and if you establish this as a pre-
cedent, you will open a door that will never be
closed. There is not a foreign consul, I presume,
' anywhere that is not called upon for these very
extraordinary expenses.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will yield a mo-
ment 
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. I was going to say that I could
suggest a eabe to him where the widow of a con-
i sul had had two allowances and is now claiming
; the third.
; Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely; and she will
ask a fifth by and by. I hope this bill will be laid
on the table. I do not think there is very much
merit in it. 1 move that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that. ~
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move
Mr. SUMNER. Let the vote be taken. -
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I fear we
cannot get a vote. I move to amend the bill bv
striking out the " $3,655" and inserting " $350/*
Mr. SUMNER. I merely want the Senate to
understand precisely where they are when they
vote on that question. Mr. Diller was consul at
Bremen on a salary of $2,000, and you have his
affidavit here, to which the Senator from Iowa has
referred, that during all that period he paid out
annually a very large sum for what is called extra
clerk hire; that is, nearly a thousand dollars a year
for extra clerk hire. How much does that leave
him for salary? About one thousand dollars sal-
ary for the American consul to live on in the ex-
pensive town of Bremen. Congress has already
seen the inadequacy of that salary, and has raised
it to $3,000, and Mr. Diller comes forward with
his petition to ask you to refund to him what he
was out of pocket for this extra clerk hire, and
the question is whether you will strike that out.
I hope you will not.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations seems to think
I made a misstatement in presenting my views
of the character of this claim;' and the misstate-
ment consisted in this, that I stated this claim to
be based i tally on the ground of the insufficiency
of the salary, and said that the bill proposed
make that insufficiency a competency by increas-
ing- it about $1,000 per annum during the period
this gentleman held the office. That is a misstate-
ment, the honorable Senator thinks. He thinks
that it is for extra clerk hire.*
Mr. President, is there any difference whether
we say that this additional amount is paid to the
consul because his salary was insufficient, or say
that we pay him this sum for extra clerk hire r Is
anybody acute enough to make a distinction be-
tween those that will be a sensible distinction to
reasonable men? Why, sir, we are not certainly
quibbling about words. If the consul's salary had
been $3,000, he would have wanted no more, ac-
cording to the claim; it not having been $3,000,
he wants about $3,000, and he puts it on the ground
of extra clerk hire rather than inadequate com-
pensation. If a misstatement can be made out
of that, it is certainly a very shadowy, indistinct
misstatement.
Mr. SUMNER. Not a very grave one.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not think;, then, the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, on further
consideration, will think that my misstatement
was so gross as really to require correction. I
think that if the amendment proposed by the
Senator's colleague be made, the bill ought to
pass. This person ought to receive the amount
he paid out to destitute American seamen, $350.
We take his own statement, presuming him to be
an honorable man, that he paid that amount. All
the evidence we have of it is Ins own statement.
I believe that was paid, and I am willing to re-
fund it; but for the residue of the claim, clerk
hire, traveling, &c.*, I would not pay one cent,
because his salary was fixed by law.
Mr. HALE. I think it is rather late in the day
to be spending time on private bills. I move to
lay this bill on the table.
Several Senators. Let. us vote.
Mr. HALE. If the Senate is ready to vote,
I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 22: as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Cowan,
Davi.s, Fe-r,f'ndon. Foster, Gi imes, Hale, Harlan, Howard,
[ Howe, King, I'ouieioy, Sherman, Ton Kyek, Trumbull,
{ Wilkinson, Willey, VVihnot, Wilson of Massuclnkctte,
! and WiImui ot'3hs&ouii—
j NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Dayaid, C'arhie, Collamer
j Dixon, Doohttlu, Harding, Harris, Hicks. Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Latham, MeDougall, No&imih, Powell,
• Rice, Richardson, Salisbury, Sumner, Turpie, Wade,
i and Wall—22.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes in
