42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 18,
37tii Ccktg....3t> Sess.
The, War—Mr. Cravens.
Ho. of Reps.
forms upon which political parties were crected. j
I have ever been taught,«iml I do now believe, that
it is better calculated than any other party organ-
ization to preserve .the free institutions handed
down to us by the wisdom, the toil, and the blood
of our forefathers?. It has always been faithful to
the solemn compact of the Constitution, and it has
always been mindful of the interests of every sec-
tion of the Republic. At all times it has been quick
to resent foreign insult and aggression, and to re-
sist fanaticism and prevent encroachments upon
the rights of all classes of our people, whethtrof
a religious or domestic character. In the admin-
istration of the Government, it brought the nation
to a pitch of power and prosperity never sur-
passed. Then came this unhappy civil war, fo-
mented by the unceasing slavery agitation of crazy
and ferocious abolitionists, whose profanity spared
neither the Almighty Being, our revolutionary
forefathers, nor that Constitution which has been
deemed the most perfect system of human gov-
ernment.
I should not feel that it was necessary to vindi-
cate the Democratic party against the unwarrant-
able charges preferred by the gentleman from
Missouri, and would not, perhaps, attach much
importance to them, but from the fact that those
who are opposed to it, and who occupy seats
upon the other side of the Chamber, manifested,
during the delivery of his speech, by gathering
around him and in other ways, the intense delight
it afforded them. I speak in view of all the re-
sponsibilities that attach to a member of this
House. I would have preferred, to be sure, pome
more able advocate to set forth the conduct of our j
party in the existing national ciisis 1 shall speak ;
for the Democracy of Indiana, and especially for 1
the Democracy of the district which I have the
honor to represent upon this lloor. I know their j
feelings and their desires in reference to the great |
struggle now going on between the North and I
the youth. I know that t hey are true and loyal '
to the Constitution and the Union. And what;
I say in behalf of the Democracy of Indiana, J !
have no doubt is true of the Democracy of all of!
the loyal States. In the beginning we used every
effort within our power to elleetan adjustment of
the pending sectional difficulties. We were ex-
ceedingly anxious that the iMiasonri compromise,
or some other like measure acceptable to the South,
should be adopted, in oider to prevent the threat-
ened disruption. We urged, with all our influ-
ence, the passage of the Cnttemlen compromise.
The gentleman alleges tjiat (hat cotnptomisc
was a delusion, and that it would not have avoided
war, even if it had been adopted, lie adds, how-
ever, that after the southern States had seceded,
Confess «;ave them, in the organization of terri-
torial governments, more than was asked for by
that compiomise; that while it proposed to divide
the Territories by the Imeof 3(P 30' of north lati-
tude, inhibiting slavery noith of that line, and
leaving the people south of it to determine for
themsrlses their own domestic institutions, tin;
legislation subsequently passed by Congress con-
tained no sip'!) restrictive provision, but left ad of
the Territories aftetwardto he acquired, north as
wMl as south of that line, to choose or reject
slavery as one of their domestic institutions, in
God's name, if these £ - tleinen could have been
so iiheird ar'terwaid, why could they not have con-
sented, befote hostilities, to (ho adoption of the
pi oposmon brought •oi vvaid by the venerable gen-
tleman front Kentucky, [Mi. Cm i"i-l\i<en '] Is
it not reasonable to suppose tiief. the .amtheni
people weie without faith i-> the sii'c<-iitv with
which (he Intel measuies weie passed ' With a
knowledge of the legislation sine t neu, who can
doubt that the concessional ;v;ts so much ex-
tolled by the gentleman funn M.ssomi were any-
thing more than a vum delusion? Is it forgotten
that, notwithstanding these hue offers, at tin'last
session Congiess abolish'd slavery m all of the
Tcrritoiies of the United .States:
Now, sir, the Demociatic pat ty < f Indiana have
not held that the passage of the C; ittcnden eom-
piomi^e would have certainly avoided this war,
but tijpy did think ir was their duty to exhaust
every honorable means to aveit from our people
the terrible calamities which have since befallen
them. We desiied to place the responsibility of
the rejection of measures of compromise upon the
shoulders of those this day in arms against the \
Government. Are we then to be denounced as •
traitors, and our party as an obstacle to the sue- !
eessful prosecution of this war, because we sought j
to prevent brothers imbruing their hands in each j
other's blood ? Are we false to our oaths because |
we endeavored to adjust the serious difficulties i
which had grown up between the free States and j
the slave States? If so, then was Henry Clay a
traitor in 1850, and so were Daniel Webster and
Lewis Cass, and all the patriotic statesmen who
labored so successfully m that crisis to allay sec-
tional irritation and secure the perpetuity of the
Union. In the beginning we did most anxiously
desire compromise; but when the war was begun,
and there was no other alternative left us, we ac-
cepted all the dread responsibilities of our posi- |
tion, rather than permit the Union to be broken
into fragments. We knew the fierce struggle into
which we were about to enter. We never com-
mitted the gr<evous mistake of underrating the
prowessand the resouices of the rebelliousenemy.
We were not of those who believed that it was
an easy matter to conquer ten million determ-
ined people. They were our kindred and our
countrymen,equal to lis in valor, and equal to us
in all the elements essential to successful war.
We had not forgotten that they had stood side by
side with us on many a bloody field m the na-
tional defense, and had shared with us the honors
that clustered around our banners on the plains
of Mexico. We gave no recognition to the miser-
able boast that it would be but a breakfast spell
to subjugate the southern people. It was a bitter
and gloomy day for Indiana when we saw that
civil strife was inevitable. She never faltered, but,
with undying devotion to the Government, one
hundred thousand of her brave sons, leaving their
comfortable homes and firesides, and ail the quiet
joys of domestic life, rushed to the lield to under-
go all the hardships and toils of a soldier's lot.
They weie not daunted by the perils of battle;
they were willing to yield up their lives upon the
nltat of then countiy. All they asked was that
the war should not be characterized by fanat-
icism, but that it should bo prosecuted alone for
the maintenance of the Constitution and the res-
toration of the Union. They do demand, and they
Lave the right to demand, that the guarantees
of the Constitution shall be preserved. Whilst
they fought in the field, they implored the admin-
istration of Mi. Lincoln not to permit this war,
at the persuasion of the abolitionists, to degen-
erate into a miserable ci usade agamst ihe insti-
tution of slavery. They were rejoiced in that
j day to learn from official sources that the war
i as commenced would be prosecuted for the sole
i purpose; of piescrving the Constitution and the
| Union as they were. The President, in his in-
! augural address, declared in the most omphalic
j manner that he had no purpose to interfere with
j the institution of slavery in the States where ir
I existed. He declared that he had no lawful au-
I thonty to do so, and that he had no inclination
| to do so. If any stronger proof weie wanted that
■ tin Administration had set its face against the
destruction of the rights solemnly guarantied by
j the Constitution, it was to be found in the diplo-
' matic correspondence of Mi. Seward, the Secre-
1 tai y of Slate, to which I beg briefly to refer.
Under date of April 10, 18G1, Mr. Seward wrote
1 to Mr. Adams, the American minister to Eng-
■ land; and m his oliicial instructions to him spoke
| as follows:
! ♦< ou will indole m no expressions of harshness or dh-
; rc-peet,") even impatience, eoncemina the needed Stan
■ then agents. oi the.. ;>• ople ; hut \ ou u ill, ci the eontiaiy,
ail the w Inle i ('member that tho-e States nre now, us t'aey
i nhva>> hcietofoo Imv>, been. and. no! withstanding then
' tenipoiary sej. delusion. they mu-t <ihva\  continue ?o be,
: equal ana hewn ed men)in i - of this nil l/nioti, nnd that
their cm/ens, tlnoiarlmut r.il political im^tnidcistanthiig*
nnd nlieiMtion^. -ai!! an- and always mu^t he oui kindred
' and eountiymen.''
I On the 22d day of April, 1861, Mr. Seward,
writing to Mi. Dayton, our minister at the Court
1 of the Emperor Napoleon, and treating of the sub-
ject of the present tcbelhon, said:
i "I need not tin ther elaboratethe proposition that the rev-
I ohitiou without a e.ui-e ; it h;.s not e\en a pietext. his
i just a-, eleni that it  s without an o'ueet. Moial find pms-
: teal causes have deteunmed inflexibly the chara<He< or each
; one of the Tetiitones over winch the dispute has aie-en,
i and both parties after the election harmoniously a«iecd on
. all the Federal laws- required for their organization. The
Territories will remain in all respects the same, whether
the revolution shall succeed or shall tail. The condition
of slnvety in the several States will remain ju-t flic same
whether n succeed or tail. Tlieie is not even a pietext tor
the corn plain t that the disaffected States are to bo conquered
by the United Slates if th" revolution fail; for the ughrs of
the States and the condition of cveiy human being in them
wdl lemam subject to exaetl> the same laws and lorins- of
administration whether the revolution shall succeed or fasl.
Ill the one case, the State-, would he ledeially connected
with the new eomederacy; in the othei, they would, as
now, be member or"the United States ; hut iheir constitu-
tions and laws, customs, habits, and institutions in either
ca*e will remain the same.
" U i> haul!}' necessary to add to this incontestable state-
ment the fuithei fact that the new President, as well a< the
citizen^ thiough whose -ulfiazes he has coine into th-% ad-
ministration, has always repudiated all dcM-Jcns whatever
and whenever nnpnn d to luni and ihein of distmbiny the
swem of slaverj as it is existing tuulci the Constitution
ami laws. The case, however, would not he i'tiily piescnted
if J were to onnt to ^aj that any such effoit ou In* pait
would be unconstitutional; and all Ins nut ion* in that di-
lectiou would he prevented by the judicial authority, even
though they were assented to by Uongicss and the people."
But, Mr. Chairman, that is not the only proof.
Wo can point to the revocation, by the President,
of the anti-slavery proclamation of General Fie-
mont,and his lemoval from office, foi the professed
reason that that pioclamation was in direct con-
flict with the policy of the Administration. The
Democratic party could not have ashed for better
evidence to strengthen its confidence in the pur-
poses of the Administration. It was at this time,
and after tfie unfortunate reverse to our arms at
Bull Run, that additional confidence was given to
the people by the adoption by the House, with
singular unanimity, on the 21st of July, 1861, of
the celebrated Crittenden resolution, winch was
in these woids:
" That this war is not waged on our part in any ?p.< it of
oppression, n<>r foi anv p<npo«o of conquest or subjuga-
tion, nor pui pose of oveiuuowing or intei lei ing w mi the
rignt> ot established institutions ot those States, hut to de-
ft nd nnd maintain the supieinacy of the Constitution, and
to pieseive the Union with a'l the dfgiutv, equality, nnd
rights of the sevcta! States unnnpaucd ; and that as so.in as
these objects are accomplished, the war ought to cease.5'
The confidence of the people seemed tin n to
be fully established. At every call of the Gov-
ernment for troops the Democracy came forward
m vast numbers. Enthusiasm was manifested in
every one of the loyal States. Everywheienn
sea and land our armies were victorious. We
were joyous in the belief that the day was not far
distant when the navigation of the Mississippi
river would be reopened, and that the rebellion,
confined within narrow limits, would speedily
receive its death-blow. But a change came o'er
the spirit of our dreams. JNo sooner had the tide
of war turned in our favor than the radicals in
Congress renewed the agitation of the disuactmg
question of slavery. They numbered ni.tjonnea
m both Houses, and, with tumultuous haste, they
passed measures of emancipation and c<>nlis< anon
which paralyzed the country with astonishment.
The Democracy believed that in these ill-con<-ei ved
measures the radicals spurned with conn-mpt
every hope for the restoration of the Union; indeed,
theie were some who, m the hour of then tri-
umph, avowed that they prefened the extinction
of slavt ry to the restoration of the Union. Then
it was that the Democracy lifted up its von e m
j; protest. The men who had patiently born* the
j! heavy burdens of taxation, and endured all the
perils and hardships of the battle-field, that the
:| nation might not die, weie unstinted m their de-
ll nunciations of the deception that had been prac-
ticed on them, and the new aim which had i-een
I; ^iven to the war by the adoption of unconstnu-
ij uo nal m< as tires. There was no military n«cess'ty
'i for the abolition of siaverv m the District <>f Co-
il htmbiu, and they, theiefoie, opposed it as unwise
■ and impolitic. They opposed the piohibition of
!j slavery in the Ten ltories of the United State-' be-
>j cause it was not a measure e^sonUai to the s'up-
! ])r«'^sion of the rebellion. For the same re:.son
' th"y opposed the erection of tenitonal ^ivcrn-
mcnts ior the seceded Siates, by hich the inn esy
I of secession would have been admitted, and uums-
!i uresofa kmdied clutracter. 'I'he continuei! a^i-
'i tation of these questions m Congress destioyed
'] the confidence of the Democracy m the cry that
| then opponents had be< n making of *' no party,"
j and drove them to the necessity of organizing to
j resist what seemed to he the determination of
jj radicals todnert the policy of the Government,
from that conservative line which promised #
