1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
01
Government through its minister resident at the court of
France.
Resolved further, Tli.it tiie attempt to subject the lepublic
of Mexico to French autlmiUy is an art not merely un
friendly to this RepuWir, but to free institutions every-
where ; ami that it is regaided by this Republic as not only
uutViendly, but as hostile.
Resolved further, That it is the duty of this Republic to
require of the Government of France that her armed forces
be withdrawn from the territories of Mexico.
Resolved further, That it is the duty and propei office of
llii? Repubhe now, and at all times, to lend such aid to the
jepublic of Mexico aMs 01 may be required to pievent the
forcible interpolation of any of the States of Europe in the
political afiaiir- of that republic.
Raolt ed further, That the President of the United States
be requested to cau^e to be communicated to the Govern-
ment ol Mexico the views now exprc^ed by the two Houses
of Congress, and be fuitber lequu^tcd to eau^e to be nego-
tiated <aich treatv or treaties between the two republic as
will best tend to make these viewb effective.
Mr. McDOUGALL spoke at some length on
the subjects involved in the resolutions. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SUMNER. At the present moment, there
is one touchstone to which I am disposed to bring
every question, especially in our foreign relations;
and this touchstone is its influence on the sup-
pression of the rebellion. A measure may in it-
self be just or expedient; but if it would be a
present burden; if it would add to our embarrass-
ments and troubles, and especially if it would ag-
gravate our military condition, then, whatever
may be its merits, 1 am against it. To the sup-
pression of this rebellion the country now oilers
life and treasure without stint, and it expects that
these energies shall not be sacrificed or impaired
by the assumption of any added responsibilities.
If I bring; these resolutions fo this touchstone
they must fail. They may be right or wrong in
fact and principle; but their influence at this mo-
ment, if adopted, must be most prejudicial to the
cause of the Union. Assuming the toneof friend-
ship to Mexico, they practically give to the rebel-
lion a most powerful ally, for they openly chal-
lenge war with France. There is madness in the
proposition. 1 do not question the motives of llie
Senator; but it would be difficult to conceive any
proposition more calculated to give aid and com-
fort to the rebellion, just in propoi tion to its adop-
tion. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
The present war is enough without adding a war
with Prance.
I content myself with this protest, without fol-
lowing the Senator in a discussion which must
be unprofitable, if not pernicious.
1 say nothing of France, whose power cannot
be doubted, and whose friendship I would care-
fully cultivate.
I say nothing of Mexico, our unhappy neigh-
borrepublic—torn, as we now arc—which has our
sympathies and cordial good will.
It is enough that the policy of tile Senator from
California, without any certainty of good to Mex-
ico, must excite the hostility of France, and give
to the rebellion armies and lieets, to say nothing
of that recognition and foreign intervention which
we all deprecate.
Let us all unite to put down the rebellion. This
is enough for the present.
If Senators are sensitive when they see Euro-
pean monarchies again setting foot on this hem-
isphere; entering Mexico with their armies; en-
tering New Granada with their influence, and
occupying the ancient St. Domingo; let them con-
sider that there is but one way in which this re-
turn of empire can be arrested. It is by the sup-
pression of the rebellion. Let the rebellion be
suppressed, and this whole continent will fail
naturally, peacefully, and tranquilly under the
irresistible influence of American institutions.
Resolutions cannot do this, nor speeches. 1 there-
fore move that the resolutions lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us lay these resolutions
on the table first.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think we have a quo-
rum present. If you do not call for the yeas and
nays I shall not object.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
[" Oh, no."]
Mr. .SUMNER. Let the vote be taken on this
question.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the vote will not be
taken during the absence of my colleague, who
has just stepped out of the Senate Chamber for
a moment. I have no doubt he would desire the
yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. CLARK. It is simply to dispose of them
for the present.
' Mr. SUMNER. The motion to lay the reso-
lutions on the table is not debatable, and I ask
that it be acted upon now.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the vote on the
motion to lay the resolutions on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion stands, and
we can take it to-morrow. The yecte and nays
are called for, and if we take them now we may
find ourselves without a quorum.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. POWELL. Is that motion in order while
this other matter is pending? m
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly
The -PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howard
in the chair.) On the motion to lay the resolu-
tions on the table, the yeas and nays are re-
quested.
Mr. GRIMES. I made a motion some time
ago that we proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mi. SUMNER. Theie is a quorum present.
Let the yeas and nays be taken on my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to lay the res-
olutions on the table will come up whenever the
resolutions come up, and that motion is not de-
batable. if the resolutions are left now to come
up as the unfinished business to-morrow morning,
there will be no time lost upon them; for the mo-
tion to lay on the table is not debatable, and we
can then "have a full Senate to vote upon them.
I think, therefore, if there is any executive busi-
ness, we had better proceed to its consideration.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 prefer a full Senate to
vote on this question.
Mr. HALE. The motion to go into executive
session always supersedes any existing business.
It is m order; and I hope we shall agree to it.
Tnc PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doois were re-
opened.
A11 MY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to have the
Army appropriation bill, which has come from the
House of Representatives, taken up with a view
to disposing of it.
The Secretary read the message from the House
of Representatives, which announced that the
House concurred in all the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 610) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the fis-
cal year ending 30th of June, 1864; and for a de-
ficiency for the signal service for the year ending
June 30, 1363, except the thirty-fifth amendment,
and non-concurred in that amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was an amendment
proposed by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Rice,] in regard to the Red River of the North.
I have consulted with him, and he does not think
it worth while to urge it on this bill at present.
I therefore move that the Senate recede from that
amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS 01? AFRICAN DESCENT.
The bill (H. R. No. 675) to raise additional
soldiers for the service of the Government, was
read a first time by its title.
Mr. POWELL. That is the negro soldier bill,
I believe. 1 object to its second reading.
Mr. HOWARD. I move its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The second reading of the bill
being objected to, the bill will he on the table for
the present.
Mr. POWELL. Let it go to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itmust be read
twice before it can be referred .
Mr. POWELL. I will withdraw my objection
if it cannot otherwise go to a committee.
The bill was read a second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
MILITIA LAW.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Senate to take up the bill (S. No. 493) for the en-
couragement of reenlistments and for enrolling
and drafting the militia, and for other purposes,
with a view of leaving it as the unfinished busi-
ness, so that it may come up regularly in order
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 3, 1803.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved^,
CALIFORNIA INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
The SPEAKER presented a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
draft of a proposed bill for the survey and sale of
certain Indian reservations in California, and to
provide for the establishment of certain other In-
dian reservations; which were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
The SPEAKER also having laid before tho
House a message from the Senate, requesting the
return of House bill No. 519, to increase the pay
of Edmund H. Brooke, the chief clerk of the pay-
master's department, it was ordered that the Clerk
be directed to return said bill to the Senate.
VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. CALVERT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to record my vote against the
bill passed yesterday for the employment of negro
soldiers.
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly. Mr. MoonHEADand Mr. Lehman,by
unanimous consent, had their votes recorded m
the affirmative on the passage of the same bill.
At the suggestion of the SPEAKER, it was
agreed thatthe members who had not voted should
have the privilege of doing so by calling at the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. FENTON. I ask that certain bills be taken
from the Speaker's table for reference.
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
ISAAC VANDBRPOEL.
The SPEAKER laid before tho House Senate
bill No. 127, for the relief of Isaac Vanderpoel;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
feried to the Committee on Claims.
ALBERT BROWN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
Senate bill No. 475, for the relief of Albert Brown j
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
THOMAS B. VALENTINE.
On motion of Mr. LOW, by unanimous con-
sent, the House took from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 425, for the relief of Thomas-B.
Valentine, claiming title under a Mexican grant
to Juan Miranda, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
MEMBERS FROM LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elections,
reported thatBENJAMisF. Flanders and Michael
Hjhs were entitled to seats in the House from
the first and second districts of Louisiana; which
reportand accompanying resolutions were ordered
to be printed.
BANKRUPT LAW.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be House bill No. 387, to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the United
State?.
