44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL017E.
[January 7,
3'7th Cong....3d Sess.
The Rebellion-—Mr. Griclcr.
Ho. op Reps.
old and decrepit, the young and helpless, who are
unprepared to go forth into the world and main-
tain themselves. Release the master from his ob-
ligation to protect them, and what is to become of
themr Is the Government that assumes the re-
sponsibility of releasing that obligation to assume
the additional responsibility of their support and
protection ? Arc they to be forever pensioned on
the national finances, or are they to be sent North
to devour the substance of our people ? Are they
to remain m the hands of their old masters, who
are better able to take care of them, or are they
to come into competition with the white labor of
tlte North? What sagacity can foresee the re-
sults of universal emancipation? My judgment
is that the people will never consent to it. J i was
no part of their purpose in the beginning of this
war. We feel that we will have ail the burdens
imposed upon us that we can possibly bear. We
believe that it will tax our resources to the utmost,
after we have carried the war to a successful close,
to provide for the support of our disabled soldiers,
and for the widows and orphans of those who have
fallen in the conflict. After we have provided for
the satisfaction of our just obligations, we believe
that there will not be one dollar left for the pur-
chase of slaves contemplated by the President's
proclamation.
Mr. Chairman, we of the Democratic party
hold all these measures to be unconstitutional,
apart from their glaring injustice. We hold that
they are in opposition to the expressed will of
the people. Their injustice is palpable to every
sound-thinking man, and their unconstitutional-
ity has been demonstrated by our most eminent
jurists. At the recent elections, when they were
canvassed before the people, the Administiation
was overwhelmingly defeated. Nevertheless, (he
radicals in and out of Congress insist on the ex-
ecution of these unjust and imeonslitutionai meas-
ures. They disregard the voice of the people,
and they defy the plain provisions of the Con-
stitution. With what a thrill of joy did we hear
the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Thomas] on this point, during the discus-
sion of this question I.i.st session. Iili said:
" I have always been taught th.it the people i> the mivoi-
eigu ; that tlie*e eon.-nitutioiix ate eiuvhillj deiined pre-
pmod gnmN fiom the >ioveu:ign powei, Mt fiam<'d a.- to
o'<Uibh-.!i iiiMiee, and at Hie vntiif time >eetnetlie
of llbeity itnd ihr protection ol' law even to the humble t
and iiH-uni'f-t eiti/."ii. I Know, Mi. ^peukei, thai the>«> aie
gutting lo be old-ia-lmnied M;nlimenH. M.iimn Chuua is
soiled and wuim (aten. Tie- Dill of' Rijzhij-, the niuimn',ni*>
of pei "-final I'reedonu h< /-err* mi put, tun! by jutv, what aie
they all woith in companion with tlii-; new Mile^uaid ot
hbouy, liie pioeeedmn in rem'!
" Weiv \ ou evej ;vt llumtj m<'do, Mr. Speaker? [ r'-mem-
hci ijoiiiii down, on a beaniil'ul day in July, tiom VVmh!>oi
Castle to ill'1 plain, and eio^lny the n.u row channel ol'ihe
Thuim « to that lutle i-l.uid on wlm h, mot c than m\ een
tin us airo, in ihe caily i iav < ! nwunnir, thos « stmdy bar-
ons wie^tcd iiom an unwilling Km«; tin- lir-t jjieai ciiaittir
ol'EiitflHi lit'i'doni— the ^etm ol life ol the eiv il libcitv we
hav"1 to-day. I oouhl haidly have been nioie moved bad I
stood in the village and bv the manner m wlueh wa< <-ta-
dled ' the Si>n of Mary and ibe Son ol (lod 3 Fiom the
&i>*y ol' that, inoinin^' Mie.mied ilii- i.j\> wbieh, npli'iiiig
Willi the hoim, coin >u)<? Willi the ve.u -, .Mid lee' J>in>{ paee
with the ecsiiijiie-!. haw mem-led the whole eaiib unii
the jrlorinti!- iiyht ol Kn^lish lilieiiv- Tie1 liberty lot whieli
our Jathei-; planted ilH'ne ('onintonwealih^ in tin \\ ihh t
nf'ss ; toi \\ hieh the y went tluon«h ihe baptism ol lite and
blood in the Uc\ ol tin on ; which they in i bedded and hoped
to make nmnoual in the Con-nmtlon ; withoul which the
Constitution would not be woith the p.uohment on wlneh
It is wuttcn.''
Pardon me, Mr. Chairman, for a casual refer-
ence to my own concessional district. i\o peo-
ple in tlusUliion feel more deeply and more gen-
erally the disasters of the existing riwl strife. It
has cut them off, almost entirely1, from a market
Am their pi educe; yet they never have complained.
They have never faltered in then devotion to the
Government. They have cheerfully paid the
taxes which have been imposed upon them tor the
prosecution of this war, and they have sent nine
thousand of their brave sons—amajoruy of whom
belonged to the Democratic party—into the field
in defense of the country. They have been actu-
ated alone by the single desire to preserve theCon-
stitution and to perpetuate our republican Gov-
ernment. No mercenary motive can be asci ibed to
them. No pecuniaiy considerations have influ-
enced them. We have had nosluue in thedistu-
bution of Federal patronage: no major generals, no
bi j^adxergencials, no contracts, no appointments,
civil or military, given either to Democrats or Re-
publicans. Why, sir, even a small appointment
of a collector of the revenue, which was promised,
was denied because the gentleman recommended
would not abandon his conservative principles
and give in his adhesion to the radical policy of
the Administration, and this notwithstanding that
he was a devoted friend of the Union, a supporter
of the war, and had given his only two sons to the
service of the country. So long as President
Lincoln and his Cabinet kept themselves within
the provisions of the Constitution, my people
gave them a warm and hearty support, although
they did not vote for him for the Presidency, but
preferred Stephen A. Douglas, whose loss to the
country, at this datk hour, the patriot will never
cease to deplore. We opposed the Administra-
tion the moment it threw itself into the embraces
of Garrison, Wendell Phillips, and Greeley. We
have protested against the manner in which our
best generals have been hunted down, and their
plans of campaign thwarted by an officious, in-
tei meddling class of radical politicians. General
McCIellan refused to be the mere creature of the
radicals, and from that moment he was assailed
with merciless fury. Recent developments have
shown that if it had not been for the orders of the
War Department, the pages of our history would
not have been stained by the bloody disasters of
the past year.
Mr. Chairman, there never was, in my judg-
ment, but one policy to be pursued in order to
suppress this rebellion, it grew, in the commence-
ment, onto t misapprehension on the part of south-
ern men and of northern men. Bands of travel-
ing political lecturers from the New England Siates
were* continually mi.M epresenting ihc southern
people, and bands of fire-eaters m the southern
States were doing the same thing of the northern
people. They were yoked and linked together
for the purpose of destroying this Government.
They have been coworkers in that great under-
taking, and 1 fear they are likely to be too suc-
cessful. 1 said from the beginning that there was
but one just and proper mode of suppressing this
rebellion. If the President had adhered to his
original intention and design—and I am inclined
to think that he was an honest man, and would
have done so had he not been overawed and over-
whelmed by the pressure from these fanatical men
ofthe North; if he had stood firm, and wherever
in the southern States there was a party of men,
or even a single individual, who was determined
to stand by the old Government, thrown around
that party or that man the shield of protection to
their families and property, and had declared that
all the rights they ever had under the old Consti-
tution should be guarantied and sacredly main-
tained by the whole power of the Government;
if thai policy had been puisued, and the Union
men in the South had been ssiengthened and sus-
tained in their eiforls lo preserve and maintain the
Governmeni, mv humble judgments that to-day
we would have hud a lodgment theie that would
have been sutlicient for the overthrow ofthe re-
bellion at no distant day. But we have adopted
a very different policy. We have stricken down
our Union fiiends m the southern Spates. 11 was in
! wun that the Onion man at the fcjouth insisted that,
j; l!i< Adnunish.uion at Wa.-dnngton did not intend
| j to in Lei lere with the rights of the southern people,
ji the mad fanatics m tins Hall and at the othei end
ol the Capitol, !>}' passing one measure after an-
|i other, took fiom him his last weapon and com-
j! pelled him to admit, with humiliation, thathe was
deceived, and that these men weie doing the iden-
■J tical things that he said they would not do. Thus
ji you have weakened our friends at the South. In-
'! siead of tin owing around them a wall like a wall
;i of fire that would ha\e been a shield to them m
jj the hour of trial, you have taken down the Luriier,
i you have tin own down the lampaits, and exposed
I them defenseless to the enemies of the Constitu-
1 tion.
Air. Chairman, in a great struggle like this for
■ the perpetuity of the Government, it was to be
i expected that theie would be some mistakes com-
i nutted, in a great crisis like this, when we were
■ j going out into new fields and tiymg new expeti-
;; ments, it was not to be expected that there would
i. not bo some mistakes. But arc these mistakes to
continue? Are we never lo learn common sense
1 by experience ? When we adopted the Crittuidui
resolution last July after we were defeated at Bull
Run, the people with one accord rallied to the res-
cue, and. we began to roll back the tide of disas-
ter. But as soon aw we hed gathered an immense
army in the field and put it m motion; when we
had fought a few successful battles, and had al-
most entiiely cleared the Mississippi river; as soon
as victory began to perch upon our standard, a
new crusade against the southern States was in-
augurated, and from that hour to this we have had
nothing but reverses and disaster all along our
lines. Mayan overrulingProvidence inspire those
who are in power to-day to change their line of
policy and plant themselves upon the grand rock
of the Constitution, that we may battle against
the foe, if need be, for all time to come. [A Mrm-
ber. Amen!] Sir, if T were summoned to-day
to give an account of the part 1 have taken in the
encouragement of this war, 1 have no plea that I
could offer upon which I could sustain myself,
and that would have the approbation of my own
conscience, save the single one that 1 was endeav-
oring, by all the powers that God has given me,
to preserve the Government that had been handed
down to me by my fathers through blood and peril
in order that! might transmit it with all its bless-
ings to those who are to come after me. 1 could
not offer, as a justification of my course, the lib-
eration of the negro, unless I were absolutely cer-
tain that 1 should thereby better his condition. I
have nothing to justify me, and my people have
nothing to justify them, save the hope of preserv-
ing the Constitution; but they cannot support this
war, and sacrifice the blood of their fiiends and
kinsmen, for the purpose of carrying out the abo-
lition ideas of political agitatois.
THE KEBEJiLIOiV.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY GLIDER,
OL' KENTUCKY,
l.v the House of Representatives,
January 7, 1863.
Mr. GRIDER said:
Mr. Chairman: I propose to offer a few re-
marks to the consideration of the committee.
There is but one theme commanding our attention
in this ciisis of the country: this fearful, this
iniquitous lebelhon ! 1 hoped and believed at the
beginning that it might be of shortdurution. We
looked to the conservative annunciations and ac-
tion of the President and to the orders of oui com-
manders in the field; and those radical orders
against which the President interposed when he
rebuked Fiemont and Hunter; and we had confi-
dence that the wholestnu'gle would be conducted,
and conducted successfully, according to the an-
nunciations which were heard fiom every depart-
ment—the executive, the military, and the legis-
lative, all seemed to concur,
'•That the existing civi! woi, loiced upon the national
Goveinin- nt without <"au-e b) the <INuiuoni:>t-jshould not
h'  upon the p;utn! the ("Joveumienf in :my -pint of
o]>pie>Mon. oi ini ain purpose oi'eonque--f oj .Miiijturation, or
puipo-v ol nvei tinowii'<i ot mtei leun  with the w^lii- or cs-
lubh-heii lii-ututions ot anj at the St.ite-^ liee oi ,-lave,hut
to deleud and maintain the -upiunacy o! the Constitution
and to pteM-ivc the Tnion with all th • (]:<;int\. i quality,
ami u^liN ot the mj\ ei.il States mintipaned. And {Is- toon
a? tl)i><.' ohjoetc ,no accomplished, the vs at ought to cease."
1 thmk I have no excessive attachment to this
resolution, because if was presented to the House
and the country in this daj' of our trial by one of
my distinguished colleagues, [Mr. Crittenden.]
No, sir. It is intrinsically right—Congress and
the country approved it. It is full of patuotism.
H is pregnant with the true spirit of the Constitu-
tion. it is elevated and philanthropic, and bieathes
the u ue sentiment of international law in oui pres-
ent condition and lelations. I regret that any de-
parture has been made, in oui efforts to suppass
this lebelhon, fiom this resolution, once nnom-
mously agreed upon in Congress. Eveiy depart-
ure has piotiaeted and strengthened the rebellion.
No departure from principle can give strength to
our cause. No division of sentiment or action
can give power. There is danger of o diversity of
opinion touching this rebellion doing £ivat harm
in the country, in Congress, and pos&ibly even in
the Army. We must put down the rebellion: we
have given the reasons for our action and the pur-
pose; the manner and the end Why change our
