1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
W.idhworth, Wall, Webster, Albert S. While, Wickliffe,
Worcester, Wright, and Yeatuan—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter,Camp-
bell, Casey, Clark, (Jolfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe
Conkling, Conway, Da vis,Diven, Dunn. Ely, f'enton, Sam-
uel C. Fessenden. Thomas A. L). Fessenden, Fisher, Fran-
chot, Goodwin, Granger, Gjirley, Ilaight, Horton, Ilutch-
ins, Julian, Kclley, Francis. W." Kellogs, Learv, Lehman,
Lovojoy, Low, Mctndoe, MeKean, McKnight, Nixon,
Odeil, Olin, Timothy G. Phelps, Ptke, Pomeroy, Potter,
John II. Rice, lliddle, Sargent, Sedgwick, rteijar, Sheffield,
Shellabarger, Sloan, ripauldine, Stevens, Franci. Thoma j
Tiain, Trowbridge,Van Horn, Walker,Wheeler, Windom,
and VV^ood—61.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BEAMAN stated that had he been in his
seat when his name was called, he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that Mr Morrill,
of Vermont, was absent on account of sickness.
THIS POST ROUTE BILL.
-Mr. COLFAX. 1 desire to make a statement
to the House in reference to the post route bill.
I wish to give notice that to-morrow the Commit-
tee on the PostOfllcc and Post Roads wiil leport
the post route bill, and I shall be glad if gentlemen
who have post routes that they desire to have in-
serted will'hand them in to the committee to-day.
COLLECTION OF RKYIDNUIO.
The next business in oider was the considera-
tion of a bill (H. R. No. 336) to expedite the col-
lection of the revenue and the final disposition of
suits arising therefrom in the collection district of l
the city of New York.
Mr.-SHEFFIELD moved to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
NEUTRAL RIGHTS.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 103) in relation to
neutral rights, stood next in order on the Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Postpone that until the
4th of March.
Mr. COX. i will not insist on a vote on that
resolution at this time, although I believe that if
it were properly considered by tin; House, it would
pass. I would like to have it postponed until some
day during the session. If the House had leisure
to consider it, I believe they would pass the res-
olution. It has the sanction of the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs at the other end
of the Capitol, and I believe that it would pass if
the House had time to consider the propositions
embraced in it. I move to postpone the resolution
until the third Monday in February.
Mr. McICNiGHT. I move to postpone the
resolution indefinitely.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
as an amendment to the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. Cox's motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Private Secretary, informed the House
that he had approved and signed Lulls and joint
resolutions of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. GIG) making appropriations
for tlie payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United Slates for the year ending June 30, 1864;
An act (II. R. No. 409) to provide for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the marshal of Bos-
ton for repairs of the United States court-house;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Commander John L. Wor-
den of the United States Navy: and
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 131) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Moses Yale.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
A bill (H. R. No. 65G) to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United Slates
stocks, and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption thereof, was next in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to postpone that
bill for one week.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON THEATER COMPANY.
The next business in order was the considera-
tion of a bill (H. R. No. 684) to incorporate the
Washington Theater Company.
Mr. WASHBURNE. i move to postpone that
bm.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Calvert,] who reported the bill, is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CALVERT. I hope the bill will be acted
on now. There can be no objection to it,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. There is a mo-
tion pending to postpone the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
make that motion. The gentleman from Mary-
land introduced the bill, and was entitled to be
recognized.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. When this bill
was up before, I made the motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. To postpone till when?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. For ten days.
The SPEAKER. That time has expired.
Mr. CALVERT. The hill was unanimously
reported by the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia; and I move the previous question upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KELLOGG,of Illinois. I move to lay the
bill on the table, and call for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Webster, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 37, noes 61.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The Committee for the District of Columbia-
reported the following amendment:
Add to the bill, as additional sections, as follows :
Sfc 9. Jhul be it further cnactcd, That this corporation
^ia!l is.siic do note, or n^fen, or evidence* of indebtedness
to be n*-ed as a circulating medium.
Snc. 10. Andbcitfurthc) enacted, That Congress reserves
the light to alter, amend, or repeal this charter at any lime.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to ask
the gentleman fiom Maryland, who has chargc
of this bill, a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only do
so by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to sug-
gest to the gentleman that he permit this bill to
go to the Judiciary Committee, where it can be
modified; for the reason that I believe there are
provisions in it which, if fully understood, woultl
not command ten votes in this House. In good
faith, therufoie, I ask the gentleman to allow the
bill to be referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CALVERT sought the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can be heard
by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. CALVERT. After the gentleman has
used all the means in his power to defeat the bill,
he asks the courtesy of its friends to permit it to
be referred to another committee. I cannot yield
my assent to that. I wish to say to the House
that it is merely a bill to incorporate an academy
of music and theater here, for the benefit of the
people of this whole country. Ail gentlemen here
must be aw -re that there is now no place in this
city fit for such a purpose.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. CALVERT. I object to the gentleman's
interfering. I do not yield.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to his
arguing the merits of the bill. 1 raise that ques-
tion of oider.
Tin* SPEAKER. The Chair does not see how
the gentleman can object. Unanimous consent
was given for the gentleman from Maryland to
proceed. Moreover, it is a question whether the
gentleman fiom Maryland is not entitled to an hour
to close the debate.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have no objec-
tion to his speaking; but I would like to be heard
on the other side.
Mr. CALVERT. I wish only to state to the
House that the sole object of this bill, in which I
have no more interest than any other gentleman,
is to enable a company to put up a decent place
of this description in this city. Without such a
charter no individual is willing to incur such ex-
pense; but with such a charter as this, I under-
stand that the gentleman who was so unfortunate
as to lose his property by the burning of the the-
ater on Tenth street, a short time since, can get a
company willing to subscnbea sufficient amount
to put up an edifice worthy of this capital. That
is the whole object of the bill. It is guarded in
every possible way, and the committee have re-
ported these two additional sections, which au-
thorize Congress, at any time, to alter, amend, or
repeal the charter, and forbid the company to is-. t
sue bank notes. What other guardian .be put
around the bill, I cannot conceive. I hope the.
House will pass it.
The question was taken on the amendment, and .
it was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. 1 believe there is a rule which requires
that all bills shall be engrossed before they are
read a third lime. I object to the third reading of.
this bill until it is engrossed.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I hope the friends or
Canterbury will make no further objection.
[Laughter ]
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and on that motion I ask for th6
yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay the*bill on
the table, if we are going to have filibustering on it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois.il am requested to
withdraw the point of order. I do not think that
I ought to do so, but I yield, in deference to my
friends.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
The bill being engrossed, was read the third
time.
Mr. CALVERT. 1 move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous'question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FENTON demanded the yeas and nays4
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Daily, Baxter,
Kiddle, Jacob 11. Bkiir, Calvert, Casey, Clement-, Koscoe
Conkling, Conway, Cox, Cravens, Ciiafield, Crittenden,
Delano, Edwards, Fisher, Fianehot, Granger, Ilaight, Ilol-
inan, Johnson, ICeliey, Kerrigan, Landing, Law, henry,
Lehman, Low, Mallory, May, Menzies, Morris, Noble,
Norton, Pendleton, Pike, Poitet, Price, Riddle, Robinson,
Edwatd II. Rolhn<, James S. Rollins, Scgar, Slnel, Sloan,
Stevens, Utiles, Benjamin I'\ Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Trimble. Tiowbiidii*', V.dlamliybairj, Wadsworth, Web-
ster, Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S-" White, Chilton A.White,
Wickliffe, Wood, and Wright—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Alley, Arnold,
Babbitt, Baker. Bcamati, Bingham, Blake, Buffintou, Burn-
ham, Campbell, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Cutlei, Davis,
Diven, Edsjerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. F<vseii-
den, Thomas A. I). Fessenden, Frank, Hauling, Harrison,
Hooper, Hutching, Julian, Ftaneis W. Kellogg. William
Kellojm, Lazear, Looinis, Lovejoy, MeKean, McKnight,
Mcpherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon,
Udell, Olin, Pomeroy, Potter, John H. Rice, Sargent,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabanrer, Sherman. Van Horn, Vib-
bard, Walker, Washlmrne, Wilson, Windom, and Wor-
ce>ter—59.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CALVERT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 649) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 18G4 *, when the
Speakei signed the same.
GENERAL PORTEll's COURT-MARTIAL.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution:
Resolved tnj the House of Rcpresejitntiocs, That the riee-
retary of W«ir be, and he is heieby, directed to communi-
cate to this House a copy of the record of the trial of Gen-
eral Fitz John Poiter, by and before a eomt-martial lately
held for that purpose in the city of Washington, as fully as
thr <-ame now exists m his Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 have no objection to
this resolution, if the gentleman will include in it
the argument of thfi judge advocate.
Mr.CRITTENDEN. Iacceptthemodification.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
REPORTS 1'KOM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in or-
der to be the cali of committees for reports.
AKMY PAY DEPARTMENT.
'Mr. McPHEItSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
626) to reorganize the pay department of the Army
