A6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January
'dim Cong....3d Sess.
The Rebellion—Mr. Grider.
Ho. or Reps.
Again:
'* I was struck with surprise when I heard him express
himself alarmed with res-poctto the emancipation of slave*.
Let me ask, if they should ever attempt it, if it will not be
a u<iupaiion of powei ? There is no power to warrant it in
that paper."—Elliot's Debutes.
There is no power of emancipation by procla-
mation found anywhere. It may have been feared
in this or some other form, and therefore, among
other safeguards, emancipation was prohibited in
substance, in express terms, by the Constitution
statins; that persons held to service and labor shall
be delivered up on claim of the party to whom
such service may be due. This is an express war-
ranty by this Government to all the States that
hold slaves that they shall not be interrupted in
their rights adopted and defined in then* State con-
stitutions, regulating their home and domestic in-
terest in relation to a subject exclusively under
tho'i* control. The States haw all the power ond
jurisdiction over this subject of slavery derivable
fiom the Constitution—the Federal Government
none.
But the agencies of the Federal Government do-
rive all their powers that they may exercise from
the Constitution; because the Government could
not grant powers, nor its agencies derive powers,
not posst'SM/d, nor to destroy itself. The Consti-
tution 1ms warranted to the States the right to hold
slaves; and therefore no pretense of power to
emancipate ought to be set up by the agencies of
the General Government. "How, then, is it to be
dune? I3y international law* by military neces-
sity? 1 deny that these warrant it, or any move-
ment in that direction, else the Constitution has
furnished and created the very instru menial ities to
override its powers and destroy itsprovisions. Do
not the A rmy and Navy glow out of the gi ants of
the Constitution ; Are they not to be always held
iii subordination to the laws made in conformity
thereto ? Sir, their agencies and fu net ions in every
crisis and necessity remain subject to its powers
and provisions, and, without the Constitution, and
the huvs made under it, have no power whatever.
I conclude, therefore, that whatever is pretended
to be done by law, or from military necessity,
but without authority from the Constitution, is
either tiespass, 01, far woise, usurpation of the
Government by (bice; usurpation of the people's
rights which they have solemnly secured under
their State constitution, and by no means deroga-
toi y to the powers of the Federal Government.
1 have a cordial and profound respect for the
learned statesman that, in his broad philanthropy,
loves his race, and would have nil men he free,
Yes, sir; for the man who, at suitable times and
hopeful occasions, strikes boldly, practically, and
without selfishness, for even "universal emancipa-
tion " 13u' I e. in not see the hope nor the nuith see
of forcing tins subject upon the count:-}' now, as
mi element of political strife, ihit I confess I
have no reveionce for that political interposition
that comes from the pulpit, nor lor then auhus
and abettors, the noetry, bands, and songs that
hasten to how to this one gieat idol of anti-sla-
very, and worship there; around whose ahais—
unless we e.an net under the leign of leason and
not passion—thousands of eveiy color, ane, and
hcx may be immolated. These pulpu gentlemen,
1 presume, me mistaken, ami have no divum cre-
dentials upon this subject fiom hoav< n to had
some "captive Israel" out of bomlaj e. Whoioaie
your quails, to feed your army ami your contia-
bands' Where your manna, distilling every night
upon the gen'le dews? Where your pure waters,
gu.shing fiom the smitten roi K ?
All. Chan man, these are subjects in charge of
fhe Government. Congress is caHed upon to con-
sider such questions with deliberation and calm-
ness—not foi s'"'tH>ns, but the £ood of the whole
conn try. W hy should gentlemen \v ho know least
about this question lead off «o excitedly- They
know nollung piacUcally. They know whnt they
leariK'-l from Uncle Tom's Cabin «nd other fic-
tions,and, in dolonfic stereotyped speeches, wail
over thcirown imaginations, tendering nothing in
this crisis but convulsion, but ineieased, addi-
tional embaiiassments to all; no prospect of a
better future to the slaves, but, possibly, starva-
; on, misery .and ultimate extinction. Gentlemen
vonId <\< t wis :ly, as 1 think, to take the piaeuoal
knowledge of those who assure them, and not
press forward heedlessly in this crisis upon a
question so momentous, involving the inlet est and
destiny of millions. The slaves of Kentucky, I
suppose, arc like others, and are comfortable.
They are bountifully fed; they are well clothed;
work about eight hours in twenty-four; cared for
in sickness and in health; have ample church
privileges. In the villages, churches of their own;
some pretty good preachers among them. Some
can read and some can write. A good proportion
belong to the church; and I state it as my present
conviction that there are more Africans taught by
the church, and are in the church, in the United
States, than in all the world beside. If this be
so, then Providence has transferred them from a
land of barbarity and idolatry to an "Eden," com-
paratively, of slavery. So gentlemen may be
mistaken, and not look upon this subjectjustly, in
all its lights and shades.
If radical gentlemen upon this subject, those
who have conceived there is no patriotism or phi-
lanthropy where slavery is tolerated, those who
are thanking God they are not as other men—
making long prayers in the corners of the streets,
and treating the rest of mankind as sumeis—
would illustrate their power to take care of four
million slaves without vast injury to others, even
those not slaveholders, and place them in a bet-
ter condition than they are now, without convul-
sion and uprooting all domestic quiet, it would be
a very different question—for many good men
who own slaves feel charged with a high obliga-
tion for their well being. This they cannotaccom-
plish,and have no right to attempt in violation of
all right and rule. But I return from this digres-
sion to inquire again where is the power or the
prudence in I his crisis simultaneously to free some
three or more million slaves3 There is no such
power. There is such a thing as military necessi-
ty—but everything is not a military necessity. I
conceive it consists in extraordinary military ac-
tion for the purpose of military success. It must
be superinduced by some sudden, commanding,
unavoidable, dangerous crisis then pending, and
about to bring disaster or defeat.
You may battel down my house to get a good
range at the enemy, or you may take cover in my
house to keep out of the range—you may cut off
the resources of the enemy, or starve out a forti-
fication; but ynu cannot starve the old men and
women, the children and domestics at home. The
rule of international law is this. I read from
Wheaton:
" Vou u^c against an oncmy such ft decree of violence,
and Mich only, as maj he neeessaiy losccuie the object of
hostilities," [to put down the lebeilion ] u The -ante gen-
oial Mile which determines how fni it is l.iwtul to th'-lioy
i the pciMHih of enemies will sei vc as a einde in judging how
i far it law !ul to tavayc ot lav wa.-ie ih'-ti counti\. If this
j be done to aceomph-h the jim end* of the war, it may be
I hiwlully done, hut not otherwise. Tim*, if the piosre-s of
ij an enemy cannot be topped, not out lionuei s >cuied, or
| i! the appioai-lte-. of a town intended to he attacked eannot
I lie made without la\m« waste the intcwnediiite teuiton,
| the e\11eine case may jn-tily a icsort to measures, not w.ir-
; i.inted ii) the mdinaiy pui pose* of war.'5
'j Hut who will say this rebellion cannot be put
ij down without a sweeping pioclamation—the
j| emancipation of so many slaves? This is a
ij cowardly acknowledgment! Ai>ain, I read from
jl Wheaton, who says, in view of this general rule
ij first stated:
11 "■ 'I iie custom of civilized nation* fonnd"d upon this prin -
11 ci [ile has, these {ore, exempted the persons of the j-ovei eign
1. a i.i in-- fanitU* the memlieM of the civil jjovvinment, wo-
i' i:u ti and ohildien, euluvatots of jj]i  cnrtii. aiti>aiis lahoi-
ej -i. nicich.uit-, men ot -cicnce and letters, and jjencMlly
ail otii< i public and private individuals engaged in the ot-
, dm.nv pui-uits of lu.-.fiom the ditect eftect ot milium w>-
eiation-. unless actual!) taken in ann<, oi jrudty of some
1! m.-.'onduct in violation ot tile usages of war, by which
I] tiles tot leu then unuiuiutj
| Set four million slaves, cultivators of the soil,
[ laborers, fiee hy a mere woid fiom one man, and
, h'-ata\ast distance fiom the scene, not in the
• Army, nor the slaves in reach of the operation of
' any army when the fat goes forth ' This is cer-
tainly exercising an unlimited power without, as
I contend, the shadow of«right,or the shadow of
power to execute it. Hut if set free, what next?
: Vou cannot colonize them. If you leave them
! with the whites, a servile insurrection may ensue;
! or, at best, the African race finally become ex-
; tinguished m this country. What will you do in
| your great kindness foi the ski \ e f^nosv un ed fot)?
i Are you willing to distribute them among all the
I States, according to the population, pro rata, I^ortli !
and South? This, for the time being, would be
best for the slave. You force this upon the South
in love for the slave; now, either let them alone,
or take your full proportion. You say this cannot
be done—no constitutional authority for it—vio-
lates State rights. If you can emancipate from
military necessity, can you not, as incidental to
that same authority, take care of them, and dis-
perse them for that purpose, and for the sake of
humanity ? You cannot do that! You will not
do that—no! We ought to inquire into this mil-
itary necessity and the circumstances, which rarely
justify it, and all the dangers and consequenccs
resulting from it in view of all authority that
exists anywheie. If the rebellion can be put
down—and it can be put down better without the
proclamation than with it—without intermeddling
with State institutions and private rights, ought
it not so to bedone? Yes; " without interfering
with the rights and established institutions of any
ot the States, free or slave." We have all said once
this is right; and I ask, again, why change the
policy? Has the Government despaued? Have
our resources failed? Take the aggregate strength
and population of the rebel States, white and black,
and you will have 8,783,331. Take the aggregate
population of New Yoik, Pennsylvania, New
Jersey,and Illinois, only,and you have 9,170,93G,
a majoriiy of 387«G05: four States alone out of all
the loyal States and Territories, and with infi-
nitely better resources for subsistence and money
than all the rebel States with all their slaves and
slave labor. Aud'yet gentlemen assume theic is
a military necessity to interfere with the institu-
tion of slavery—not as the best means, but the
necessaiy military means to suppress this insur-
rection ! Is this a case of necessity?
When we hear this affirmed, we are tempted to
distrust and fear some other end is to be made the
rallying point, not the rebellion. Gentlemen can-
not wish, by the effects of the proclamation—by
no means necessary, but injurious—to produce
insurrection by the blacks against their owneis,
disoigamze the entire social system of the South,
and produce the most dreadful anarchy, rouse up
domestic foes, chaw off the rebel army to the*"
■ scenes,and terrify them by unwonted horrors back
| to their allegiance. This would be shooting with
! poisoned arrows; this would be far beyond the
bounds of civilized warfare. If these tilings were
i in the purview of the pioclamation, it would be
; far mote reprehensible than its want of constitu-
' tional and military authority.
j But, Mr. Chairman, we are scarcely left to
; hope in relation to the purpose of the proclamation
; when it is said slaves "shall be thencefoiwatd
, ami foiever ftee, and that the executive Grovetn-
| ment of the United States, including the military
1 and naval authorities thereof, will recognize and
, maintain the freedom of such persons." Where
. is the authoiity for the Executive of the United
| States to make this annunciation? Where is the
i right to invoke the power of the Army and the
| Navy to maintain their freedom ? There is none.
Where are we floundenng? Are we under the ban
of party blindness, reckless, and drifting in our
foliy and madness to the utter desolation of this
. counny,if not its rum? But the proclamation is
| not the Constitution, nor the Executive the Gov
: ernmcnt. 1 shall look foi the best—to the utter
impracticability of thiseflort; for the sober second
thought; lor the recupeiative eneigy and sound
sense of the masses, and the voice of the ballot-
box in all its majesty and power. The Exc'ii-
| live of the nation is Commander-in-Chief; but
tins gives him no more power than any other
office: of the Army to violate the Constitution,or
avail himself of a fictitious assumed military ne-
■ ccssity m tlm disehaigc of his duty when not nu-
peih d by unavoidable circumstances; when not
m the fit.-Id or in actual command; when in oom-
: ma/id, he " m.iy do what generals in the field ere
| allowed lo do wutun the sphere of their at tual
opeiations, m subordination to the laws of their
country, from which they derive their authority."
i read from Judge 13. It. Cuitis:
u The Piesident is the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy, not only b\ the lorce of Hie Constitution, but un-
'lei and subject to the Constitution, and to every le-tricLon
therein '•untaiiied, and to ^vuiy law etiur-ted by its author-
ity, a  completely and eioaily as the pnvate m his> tanks."
But it is said rebels have no rights, anil you are
