1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ing exception, a gentleman isfound in office who,
for forty years, has remained quietly in that
branch of the public service; that he is there now
by virtue of his position in the regular Army; and
the question now is, first, whether this depart-
ment shall be made by the legislation of the coun-
try applicable to the same rules which apply to all
the others, or whether the President shall be com-
pelled to take Colonel Andrews, without the slight-
est room fordiscretion whether in his judgment he
is or is not the best man for it.
Now, then, if I am right in my understanding,
if the object is to make the field as large as pos-
sible, and in that respect to conform to the legis-
lation which has taken place in regard to all the
other branches of the military service, I confess
1 can scarcely see why we should not pass this
bill. I say, therefore, that I would like to know
whether I ain right; for if this is a proceeding
against any particular man, I desire that it may be
defeated; but if it is a proceeding the intention of
which is to invigorate an important branch of the
public service, I see no reason why we should not
pass it.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask consent to offer an
amendment.
Mr. McPHERSON. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. ALDRICH. Let the amendment be read.
Mr. McPHERSON. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Amend by inserting in the sixth line the words t( or from
civil life."
Mr. BIDDLE. I desire to correct a remark
which fell from the gentleman from Illinois, (Mr.
Washburne,} that Colonel Andrews had served
continuously in the pay department for forty
years. There was this interruption to the contin-
uousness of his service in that department. At the
beginning of the Mexican war he laid down his
place in that department and took the-position of
colonel of a regiment of the line. He served dur-
ing the whole war in that capacity. I knew him in
that position, for he was the colonel of the regiment
in which I served. This is, in fact, the ground
of my interest in him. He was restored to his
post in the pay department by the action of Con-
gress at the conclusion of that war.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether, under existing laws, Col-
onel Andrews will be prevented from getting this
position.
Mr. McPHERSON. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. As the law now stands, with-
out passing this hill, Colonel Andrews would be
promoted to this post.
Mr. McPHERSON. He would be necessarily
promoted to it.
Mr. Speaker, I have no sort of personal feeling
in this matter. I have no acquaintance with Col-
onel Andrews, although I have seen him. In
my action on the bill lam not controlled by a
feeling of like or dislike. When it was proposed
to legislate concerning this pay department very
largely, as the original bill contemplated, on in-
vestigation of the subject I came to the conclusion
that it was unnecessary to adopt a reorganization
on the extensive scale provided by that proposi-
tion; but it did seem just and proper that the head
of the pay department should correspond m rank
with the heads of other like bureaus of the Gov-
ernment. When it was proposed to do thus
much, the question arose, whether, in selecting
him, we should not apply the same principle which
we applied in the medical and other departments
of the Army at the last session of Congress. It
will be recollected that when the Committee on
Military Affairs, at the last session, introduced a
bill in reference to the medical department, it did
not provide for the selection of the new officers
from the volunteer as well os from the regular ser-
vice. The subject was discussed, and on motion
of my colleague [Mr. Wallace] this principle
was introduced into that bill, and became a part
and parcel of the law. Several laws passed sub-
sequently embraced the same principle. This bill
proposes to apply it to the pay department, pre-
cisely as it has been applied to other like depart-
ments of the Government; nothing more, nothing
less. That principle has been again and again
recognized by this Congress.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] has spoken of the long service of Colonel
Andrews in the pay department, and of his pecu-
liar fitness for this position. Mr. Speaker, I have
and have had no desire to say one word in dero-
gation of the eulogy which has been passed on
Colonel Andrews. That is not a matter for us to
consider in our action on this bill. We desire to
hold the President of the United States to a strict
and rigid accountability for his appointment of the
head of the pay department. Whatever may be
Colonel Andrews's recommendation ,and how long
he has been in service, the pay department has
not escaped some degr-ee of blame at least; and I
desire that the President shall be held to a strict
and rigid accountability in filling the vacancy
which now exists in the head of that department.
I want the business of the pay department carried
on with the greatest vigilance, ability, and fidelity.
I believe that if this bill passes we will secure the
best appointment that can be made.
Personally, Mr. Speaker, I care nothing what-
ever for this bill; but I believe it to be a just and
proper one. 1 believe that it will produce results
beneficial to the public service. I nave no sort of
doubt, if Colonel Andrews stands in his corns as
stated by thegentleman/rom Illinois [Mr.Wash-
burne] and by my colleague, [Mr. Biddle,] that
he will bevappointed. If he be not a proper man
for the position, is it not conceded that we must
have a proper person in this position, and does it
not become us to invest the President with the
power to appoint the best man? If he be an im-
proper man ought the President to be required to
appoint him? Certainly not. We only desire that
that department shall be well organized and well
administered. I believe that this bill will increase
the usefulness and the efficiency of this depart-
ment, and at the same time will fix the responsi-
bility definitely and permanently on the President
that he shall appoint for this post a competent and
proper person. We want to hold him responsible
for the results of his appointment. I have no
doubt that, underthe circumstances, the President
will make a proper selection.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN moveci that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS — Meters. Ashley, Babbitt, Baxter, Bingham,
Blake, Burnham, Chamberlain, Clark, Ftedeiick A. Conk-
lwg, Roseoe Conkling, Cutlet, Davis, Dunn, Edirerton,
Edwards, Ely, Fentou, tfamuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A.
D. Fessenden, Franchof, Fiank. Goodwin, Gianger, Gnr-
iey, Harrison, Hooper, Hoiton, Julian, Kelloy, Lansing,
Love toy, Mc I ndoc,McKnightjMcPiiers()n,l\larftton, Mitch-
ell, Moorhead, Justin Morrill, Nixon, Olm, i'otneroy,
Potter, John II. Rice. Kiddle, Edward 11. Rollins, Sargent,
Sedgwick, .Shanks, Sheilaharger, Shennan, Spaulding,Ste-
vens, Trimble, Vandever, Walker, Wall, Wall.ice, Wheel-
er, Albert rf. White, Window, and Wot rector—01.
NAYS—Meshr.s. Aldiieh, William Allen, William J. Al-
len, Alley, Aneona, Arnold, Raily, Baker, Beaman, Bid-
die, Bnffinton, Calvert, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Cns-
! field, Crittenden, Dawes, Delano, Ihven, Fisher, Gnder,
j Haight, Hale, Hardin", Ilolman, Hutching Johnson, Fran-
I ws W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenigan, Law. Leary,
! Lehman, Low, Mallory, May, Mayrtaul, Mcrizie*. Morris,
i Nribh1, Notion,Odell, Pendleion. Timothy G. Pheip-, Pot-
| ter, Piiee, Robinson, James Rollins, Segar, Sheliield,
Sine!. Sloan. Stiles, Benjamin F.Thoina'-, Francis Thomas,
Trowbridge,' Vibbard, Wad-worth, Washhnme, Webster,
Whaley, Chilton White, Wiekliffe, Wilson, Wood,
Woodruff, and Wiight—69.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
!: vote by which the bill was rejected; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
ij the table.
> The latter motion was agreed to.
! NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
\< Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the House
1 to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to take up the Navy appropriation
bill, on which 1 propose to close debate.
Mr. SEDGWICK. That is made the special
'' order for Thursday next.
:j Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the regular
:! order of business.
SHIP CANALS* - - •
Mr. OUN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to construct a ship canal
for the passage of armed and naval vessels from -
the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and for
the enlargement of the locks of the Erie canal and'
the Oswego canal, of New York, & adapt them
to the defense of the northern lakes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to know whether t&is
subject was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs?
Mr. OLIN. It was. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this measure an instant. Gentlemen will
remember that this bill was first printed and laid
upon the desks of every member on the 8th of
January last, as the bill which I should propose
as a substitute for the original bill when that sub-
ject came up. I now, however, report it as an
original bill,and itdiffers in one ortwo slight, and,
perhaps, unimportant respects, from the printed
amendment of which I gave notice. The House
will pardon me a moment if I call their attention
to what those differences are, because I wish the
House to act understanding^ with reference to
the true character of the bill before the House.
In the first place, the original bill provided for
certain commissioners to have charge of the en-
largement of the Illinois canal who should be cit-
izens of the State of Illinois. That is altered in the
amendment of which I gave notice, and of course
in this bill; and as the bill is now reported, the
commissioners may be selected from any place
whatever.
In one scction of the amendment which f pro-
posed to offer, it was provided that after all -the
expenses of the General Government in the en-
largement of the Illinois canal had been reim-
bursed to the Government Ity the tolls, and after
all the debt now existing had been canceled out
of the proceeds of the tolls, and the United States
relieved from all pecuniary obligations in respect
to the canal, the President should transfer die
property to the State of Illinois. That provision
is stricken out of this bill, at the suggestion of
some gentlemen who objected toit on the ground
that a great national work like that should forever
remain a national work, and be under the control
of the General Government. If the bill passes as
it is now proposed by the committee, the work
will remain a great national work.
These are the only substantial departures of the
bill from the amendment which 1 proposed to offer
as an amendment to the original bill, except this
one further provision. It was objected by some
individuals that the proposed appropriation would
construct neither of those works; and at the sug-
gestion of gentlemen who I suppose wished to
see every safeguard thrown around the bill, the
further provision was added, that the grant to those
respective States is upon the condition that they
shall furnish whatever else is necessary to the
completion of those works, without calling upon
the General Government for any farther appro-
priations.
These, Mr. Speaker, are all the variations fiorn
the original amendment which I proposed to offer
to the bill pending before the House. I would be
gratified upon this occasion, if the exigencies of
the House and the temper of the House would
permit, to discuss the merits of this bill. If there
is anything to which I have an aversion, it is that
system of legislation which seems to demand if a
thing is to be acted upon at all, it shall be brought
before the House, and all debate, consultation, and
inquiiy put an end to in refeience to it, and the mea-
sure voted upon under the pressure of the moment.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I have an amendment
which 1 desire to offer to this hill.
Mr. OLIN. 1 cannot yield for that purpose at
the present moment, I suppose the amendment
is in relation to the construction of a railroad
somewhere..
Mr. CLEMENTS. I ask the gentleman to
allow it to be read.
Mr. OLIN. I will yield to hear it read.
The amendment, which was to add additional
sections, was read, as follows:
Sco. —. Jind be it farther enact?J, That Jame^ Guthrie,
of Kentucky. 8. S. I/Hnjijedit'ti. ot Ohio, and Ahner Jack-
son. and William Bossan, of Tennessee, he. and they are
hereb>, appointed eoninji'ssioners, with authorm. under
the contiol and direction of the Seereiaiv of War, !o locate
and construct a railroad, of a gnuije of five ieet, for the use
of the Government of the United State?, lor military pur-
poses, hy the nearest and mobt practicable route liom the
