1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. GRIMES. I" move that those bills and
joint resolution he postponed indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
501) for the survey and sale of certain Indian reser-
vations in California, and to provide for establish-
ing certain other Indian reservations in the same
State; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (No.
684) to incorporate the Washington Theater Com-
pany; in which it requested the concurrence ofxhe
Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
•on January 30, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 568) to provide for the print-
ing of the annual report of the banks of the Uni-
ted States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 487) for the relief of William
B. Snowhook and others.
And that he approved and signed on the 31st
of January, a bill (H. R. No. 550) for the relief
of the legal representatives of Seneca G. Sim-
mons.
And that he approved and signed on the 3d in-
stant the following bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (H. R. No. 616) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States, for the vear ending the 30th
June, 1864;
A bill (H. R. No. 409) to provide for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the marshal of Bos-
ton, for repairs to the United States court-house;
A joint resolution tendering the thanks of Con-
gress to Commander John L. Worden of the Uni-
ted States Navy; and
A joint resolution to confirm the adverse de-
cision of the Court of Claims in the case of Moses
Yale.
PARDONS AND REMISSION OP PENALTIES.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 440)
concerning pardons and the remission of penalties
and forfeitures in ci iminal cases, have directed me
to report it back with a'n amendment, and to rec-
ommend tiie passage of the bill as amended. I
hope the Senate will allow the bill to be acted on
now. It will take but a moment. The Attorney
General recommends it.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. To remove all
doubts as to the true meaning of former laws, the
first section of the bill provides that whenever,
hereafter, by the judgment of any court or judi-
cial officer of the* United States in any cimunal
proceeding, any person shall be sentenced, or
whenever any person shall have been sentenced
heretofore to two kinds of punishment, the one
pecuniary and the other corporeal, the President
shall have full discretion to pardon or remit in
whole, or any part, either one of the two kinds,
without in any manner impairing the legal valid-
ity of the other kind, or of any portion of either
kind not pardoned or remitted.
The second section of the bill provides that in
all criminal cases in which there has been or shall
be a judgment or sentence against any person as
a fine or penalty, whether alone or along with any
other kind of punishment, the same shall be deemed
a judgment debt, and, unless pardoned or remitted
by the President, may be collected on execution
in the common form of law.
The third section provides that the President
shall have full discretionary power to pardon, re-
mit, or forgive m whole or in part, the forfeiture
of recognizances and bonds taken, acknowledged,
or made, or to be taken, acknowledged, or made,
before any of the courts or other lawful authori-
ties of the United States, either in case of any crim-
inal examination or prosecution, or for surety ot
the peace or for good behavior.
The amendment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary was to sti ike out the third section of the bill.
Thf amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I wish some member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary who reported this bill
would enlighten us on the subject of whether the
Congress can confer powers upon the President
in regard to pardoning, or restrict that which is
conferred upon him by the Constitution of the
United States. I had not supposed it was com-
petent for us to do so.
Mr. POWELL. This bill was prepared by the
Attorney General and sent to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. Among the papers will be found a very
short letter from him stating that he thinks the
President probably has this power now; but as
there are doubts about it, he wishes to have those
doubts removed. I know there has been some
doubt about the power of the President in such
cases as are indicated in the bill, where the pun-
ishment has been of two kinds, for instance, fine
and imprisonment, to pardon the one and allow the
other to stand. 1 think myself that the pardon-
ing power as conferred by the Constitution can
neither be added to nor diminished from; but by
legislation for a great many years back Congress
have presumed that they had the power to regu-
late it, and they have (lone so. The Attorney
General simply asked that this bill should be
passed to remove all doubts on the subject. It
can certainly do no harm, and may do good, it
will certainly relieve the doubt on the subject. I
will ask that the letter of the Attorney General
be read. It is very brief.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read, if
there be no objection.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
December 2Q, 1862.
Sir: As you suggested, I band you a dt aft ofa bill, which
I tlnnk may bo useful, and cannot be hurttul.
[t is cautionary only. I think the President lias the
power already, hut othei< doubt it; and it i-i a salutary
power, in keeping with the main intent of the merciful
power of the Constitution.
Scot ion two may be, substantially, already in the law, but
it had better be theie m plain brief terms.
Section three is already the law of this District by special
act, but not in the States and Territories generally.
[ think it outfit to be made general Several hard cases
have come up from a distance, m which I would have ad-
vised the President to giant relief, if I had thought lie had
the power.
Tf you approve the object, pray put the bill through,
either as it is or as you may change it for the better.
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD BATES,
Attorney General.
Hon. Senator Trumbull, Chaiiman Judiciary Committee.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary thought that the remission of forfeitures of
recognizances, bonds, &c., should be left to the
courts, and should not be transferred to the Pres-
ident, and hence we have stricken out that sec-
tion. I hope, with this explanation, the bill will
pass.
Mr. HALE. This is a dayin which,perhaps,
it is rather unpopular to refer to the Constitution,
but it seems to me this whole subject is regu-
lated by the Constitution, and that it is impossi-
ble for us to add to or take from the power of the
President:
" The Piesident shall have power to grant reprieves and
pardon* for offenses ag.unf-t the United Slates, except in
cases of impeachment "
Those who made the Constitution granted tho
power, and regulated, limited, and restricted it;
and I think it is unwise for us to undertake to in-
terfere with it.
Mr. HARRIS. The object of this hill is to re-
move a doubt as to whether or not the President,
m the exercise of the power to pardon conferred
by the Constitution, as just read by the gentleman
from New Hampshire, mtiy qualify his pardon so
as to commute, change, or modify the punish-
ment; for instance, if a man is to be executed,
whether he may commute his sentence to punish-
ment by imprisonment. It is not extending the
power to pardon, but authorizing the President,
if I may use the expression, to adopt a partial
pardon, modify the punishment inflicted. In that
respect, it seems to me to be entirely unobjection-
able, and is in certain cases very desirable. There
is a question whether or not the President may
give anything short of an absolute pardon. This
law authorizes him to make the pardon a quali-
fied pardon.
Mr. TEN EYCK. There is another reason
why it is desired. Most of our criminal acts give
a double punishment, a punishment by imprison-
ment and also a punishment by fine. _ The chief
object of this hill is to enable the President to re-
mit the punishment* to the extent of the impris-
onment, if he sees fit, or to the extent of remit1-
ting the fine, leaving the imprisonment to take its
effect. There are some cases of that kind in this
city, where it is deemed advisable that the Presi-
dent may pardon to the extent of a portion of the
sentence, but not the whole sentence. That was the
main object, as I understood, of the bill introduced
by the Attorney General, and now reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the whole,pardoning
power is regulated entirely and exclusively by ^
the Constitution, and that Congress has nopower
by any law to enlarge it, to restrict it, to modify
it, or to explain it. I shall, therefore, vote against
this bill; and I shall vote against the bill for anoth-
er, though a very secondary reason, and that is
that the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
has come to the rescue of the Constitution. It is
so refreshing to see him in that position and doing
that work, that I cannot deny myself, independ-
ent of the other paramount consideration, the
pleasure of standing by him on this occasion.
Mr. POWELL. I cannot see the force of the
objections made by honorable Senators to this bill
on any constitutional ground. The bill does not
propose to confer upon the President any more
power than the Attorney General thinks he has
under the Constitution; but there have been grave
doubts on the subject, and the very language of
the bill imports that it is for the purpose of re-
moving these doubts. The statutes have been
somewhat conflicting on the subject, perhaps; the
opinions at least have been so. The bill merely
provides that the President may remit a fine and
still adhere to the imprisonment, may pardon the
imprisonment and still require the person to pay
the fine. I think there can be no doubt as to the
power to do this. I hope the bill will pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and'the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
It was read the third time, and passed.
NATIONAL CUKRJ5NCY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up the bank bill, as it is commonty
called, with a view to postpone it to next Monday
at one o'clock, by general consent. I make that
motion at the suggestion .of the Committee on
Finance, in order to enable the other committees
to have their business transacted this week; and
next week we propose to devote to business from
the Committee on Finance.
The bill (S.No. 486) to provide a national cur-
rency , secured by a pledge of United States stocks,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, was taken up and postponed until Mon-
day next, at one o'clock.
HEIRS OF STEPHEN JOHNSTON.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up House bill
No. 265, to authorize the Court of Claims of the
United States to hear and determine the claim of
the heirs of Stephen Johnston, deceased.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now-
open to amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I renew the amendment which
I ottered when the bill was up at the last session.
The amendment was read, as follows: #
Substitute for the original bill the following :
Whereas, by a treatv made with the Pottawatomie tribe
of Indians, near the mouth of the Mh-i^incwa liver, upon
lite Wabash, on the 16th rl.iy of October, 1^26, there was
gianted to the heirs o( Stephen Johnston, killed by the Pot-
tawatomie Indian*, one halt section of land, to be located
undei the direction of the President of the United States,
which <-aid half Miction of land rejected, as the said heirs
afterward learned, wa-. Pactional, containing but two hun-
 dred and eighty-two acres, and wa^,us they alleged, ofin-
tenorquahtj ; on which aeeount they weieauthon^d, by
a special act of (Jongices appioved July 20. 1840, to telin-
qui^h >aid land to the United States, and the rre.-idem was
i eque.-ted '• to < au'se the Commissioner ot the Genet al Land
Office to I'-Mie to the children of the said Stephen Johnston
and Elizabeth Johnston, or to their heirs, a certificate re-
ceivable in payment at any land office in the United States
for any halt >ection not subject to preemption to which
certificate so issued was appended the official statement of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, dated Feb-
ruary 25, 1641, construing the said law " to admit the entry
of any half section of the alternate sections along the line
of the >Iaume<> canal, advei used to be sold m June" fol-
low ins; and wheiea- the -aid heii-. on application, not
beui!,' pemutted to eutei :i hni! >mi(m of Innd in the Wy
andott reseive, in the State of Ohio, m aeeoi dance with the
t>Tmy of the Comm't^ioner'* eon^truetion oi the law, oh
