1863,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....3d Sbss.
Taxation of Bank Bills—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
but for the positive prohibition contained in the
Constitution against that emission. Thus I show
you, sir, (hat in the outset of this controversy it
was the intention of the framcrs of the Consti-
tution to prohibit all paper money, and to allow
none whatever unless it was issued by Congress
under the power of borrowing money.
I will read also an extract from Story on the
Constitution, to show his view of this subject.
In the third volume ofhis Commentaries, in dis-
cussing this provision of the Constitution, Mr.
Story saysr
" The prohibition to ' emit bills of credit' cannot, per-
haps, be more forcibly vindicated than by quoting the glow-
ing language of the Federalist, a language justified by that
of ahnoot every cotemporary writer, and attested in its truth
by facts from which the mind involuntarily turns away at
onc<  with disgust and indignation. ' This prohibition,> says
the Federalist, 'must give pleasure to every citizen in pro-
portion to his lovo of justice, and his knowledge of the true
springs of public prosperity. The loss which America has
sustained since thopoacr from the pestilent effects of paper
mone\ on the necessary confidence between man and man,
on the necessary confidence in the public councils, on the
industry and morals of the people, and on the character
ot republican government, constitutes an enormous debt
against the States, chargeable witli this unadvised meas-
ure, which must long remain unsatisfied, or rather, an ac-
cumulation of guilt, which can be expiated no otherwise
than by a voluntary sacrifice on the altar of justice of the
power which has been the instrument of it. In addition to
these persuasive considerations, it may beobsei ved that the
same reasons which show the necessity of denying to the
States the power of regulating coin prove with equal force
that they ought not to be at liberty to substitute a paper
medium instead of coin.'"
Again he says:
" It was, therefore, the object of the prohibition to cut up
the whole mischief by the roots, because it had been deeply
felt throughout all the States, and had deeply affected the
prosperity of ail. The object of the prohibition was not
to prohibit the* thing when it bore a particular name, but to
frohibit the thing whatever form or name it might assume,
f the word? are not mere empty sounds, the prohibition
must comprehend the emission of any paper medium by a
State govei nment for the purposes of common circulation."
I have one or two other authorities to show
that it was the intention of the framersof the Con-
stitution to destroy entirely this system of paper
money issued by States; but the general princi-
ple is laid down sufficiently by Mr. Story. #
Now, the question occurs, if the States cannot
emit bills of credit, can the States authorize cor-
porations to do it? Can a State authorize that
to be done by another which it cannot do itself?
Is not pa'per money issued by a State corporation
a bill of credit? Certainly it is a promise to pay
on demand, issued, and intended to be issued, as
paper money, to he circulated as money. Its
whole existence is based upon the authority of the
State government. It only claims this exclusive
franchise by virtue of an act of the State Legisla-
ture. Now, I ask, can a State authorize a cor-
poration of its citizens to do that which itcannot
m its own power*do itself? Why, sir, the thing
is absurd; but by universal acquiescence—a phrase
which I catch from the honorable gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden]—this infringement has
been passed along sub $ilentio> until these banks
have grown into a formidable power, and now
wield, in conjunction with the United States, the
dangerous power of making paper money. In
ordinary times, when the national currency was
gold and silver, and all the operations of the Gov-
ernment were carried on in gold and silver, and
these banks were mere agencies of the people to
carry on their private transactions, it would not
have been wise to interfere with them; but now,
when it is necessary for Congress to resort to all
the powers conferred upon it; when the country
is involved in a war which may task its energy
and resources for years; when it is necessary to
use every power to the very verge of the Consti-
tution, I ask, shall we allow our currency and our
national system to be deranged and disorganized
by that which the framers of the Constitution be-
lieved they had guarded against by a positive pro-
hibition ?
Mr. President, I read from orthodox authori-
ties. I will now read from Mr. Webster to show
his opinion on this subject, and I think there is
no language anywhere, by any writer, stronger
than his upon this subject. Mr. Webster dis-
cusses this whole question of the national cur-
rency at great length, in a speech delivered by
him in the Senate on the 25th of May, 1832; a
speech, I need not say, of wonderful power, be-
cause he never made any other, so far as I have
read any of them. He says, in the first part of
his speech:
"A sound currency is an essential and indispensable
security for the fruits of industry and honest enterprise.
Every man of property or industry, every man who desires
to preserve what he honestly possesses, or to obtain wliat
he can honestly earn, has a direct inteiest In maintaining
a safe circulating medium; such a medium as shall be a
real and substantial representative of property, not liable to
vibrate with opinions, not subject to be blown up or blown
down by the breath of speculation, but made stable and
secure by its immediate relation to that which the whole
world regards as of a permanent value. A disordered cur-
rency is one ofthegreatestof political evils. It undermines
the virtues necessary for the support of the social system,
and encourages propensities destructive of its happiness.
U wars against industry, frugality, and economy; and it
fosters the evil spirits of extravagance and speculation. Of
all the contrivances for cheating the laboring classes of
mankind, none has been more effectual than that which
deludes thein with paper money. This is the most effect-
ual of inventions to fertilize the rich man's field by the
sweat of the poor man's brow. Ordinary tyranny, oppres-
sion, excessive taxation, these bear lightly on the happiness
of the mass of the community, compared with a fraudulent
currency and the robberies committed by depreciated paper.
Our own history has recorded for our instruction enough,
and more than enough, of the demoralizing tendency, the
injustice, and the intolerable oppression on the virtuous
and well disposed, of a degraded paper currency, author-
ized by law, or in auy way countenanced by Government."
That is what he says speaking of the ordinary
bank circulation then afloat in the country. He
says further, on the very point I am now discuss-
ing:
" It is further to be observed that the States cannot issue
bills of credit; not that they cannot make them a legal
tender, but that they cannot issue them at all. Is not this
a clear indication of the intent of the Constitution to re-
strain the States, as well from establishing a paper circu-
lation as from interfering with the metallic calculation?
Banks have been crcatedfby States with no capital what-
ever; their notes being put into circulation simply on the
credit of the State, or the State law. What are the issues
of such banks but bills of credit issued by the State? I
confess, Mr. President, that the more I reflect on this sub-
ject, the more cleaily does my mind approach the conclu-
sion that the creation of State banks for the purpose and
with the power of circulating paper, i^ not consistent with
the grants and prohibitions of the Constitution."
With this authority, sustained by the history
of this clause, I am willing to stand upon the af-
firmation, notwithstanding the long acquiescence
of our people, that banks of circulation author-
ized by the States arc unconstitutional, and should
be dispensed with. But whether this is so or not,
even if the long acquiescence of our people has
given them the form and sanctity of legal author-
ity, yet there is no doubt of the proposition that
these banks hold their franchise upon the same
tenure that people hold their property, and all of
them are subject to the power of taxation in Con-
gress necessary to maintain and support this Gov-
ernment in the darkest hour of its history. There-
fore if I can see that the gradual reduction or
withdrawal of this paper money, done in a way
least to injure the interests of the banks and of
private citizens, may strengthen the arm of this
Government; may give us a sound national cur-
rency; may promote the national weal, I would
not hesitate a moment. I have shown you that
Congress has guarded the interest of the banks;
that it has exempted them from the heavy taxa-
tion imposed on other people; that they have been
selected rather as favored daughters of the reve-
nue law than as those who have gradually usurped
the powers conferred only on Congress. Now,
sir, it is necessary to tax these banks; to warn
them that their circulation must not be increased,
but must be withdrawn. If they do not heed that
warning, then I am willing to put them on the
same footing that I now put fractional issues—
illegal issues, confessedly so, by the laws of the
States and the United States. I would prohibit
them entirely by a taxation which will suspend
their franchise. I do not think, as legislators, we
ought to do that by hasty acts; but we can and
should make this process of withdiawul gradual.
A. tax will indicate the policy adopted by Con-
gress.
I know it has been said that if you drive out of
circulation bank bills, you will disturb all the busi-
ness relations of the States. I do not think so.
The whole bank issue, as I have shown you, was
$167,000,000 in November. That is not two
sevenths of the loans of the banks. This circu-
lation could be gradually withdrawn, and the vac-
uum could be filled with the United States notes
without creating a ripple upon the surface. By
this withdrawal you would get rid only of those
banks which are weak and unable to carry ori the
banking business without this circulation." Wiiy,
$ir, if you take from these banks the power to
issue notes for circulation, do you not leave tbeitt
all their property? Have they not their capital
intact? Have they not the power to carry on thfe
business ofexchange and deposit, and all the ordi-
nary and usual functions of bank agencies?
you take anything away from their property?
Not at all. You merely take away from them a
franchise, in the nature, it is true, of property;
but a franchise the deprivation of which will be
of more service to ttiem, and certainly to the Gen-
eral Government, than its valus can be. Why,
sir, if these banks would put their business upon
the same footing as private individuals, they would
gain more than they would lose. Jfl owned any
bank of issue in this country, I would at once
withdraw its circulation, and stand upon the same
privileges and the same business relations that
privaie individuals do, claiming nothing from cor-
porate privileges. Then the business of bankers
would stand like the business of other people. It
is easy now to excite a prejudice against banking. "
Why? Simply because the business itself is in
the nature of an exclusive privilege granted only
to a select few, always sought for under acts of
the State Legislature; but if you put the business
of banking on the same footing as you do manu-
facturing or any other employment in life, the same
footing on which you put the practice of the law,
or any other profession, leave it open to all, and
confine it to its legitimate operations, you would
remove all the prejudice against the business.
Then banks would do here as they do in Europe:
they would carry on the exchanges of the country;
they would issue their certificates and commercial
paper; they would aid commerce without usurping
or exercising any of that authority which can
safely be conferred only upon the Government at
large.
It is sometimes said that the experience of other
countries has shown that banks of issue are ne-
cessary. Why, sir, it is not so. The Bank of
England consists of two distinct departments; as
distinct as two departments can lie. The one does
the business of banking proper, buys and 'sells
notes, discounts bills, issues bills of exchange
and'certificates of deposit, receives deposits, and
carries on all the operations of the bank; the other
department, distinct and separate, controlled by
law, issues notes of circulation; and those notes
of circulation a re based entirely upon Government
securities and gold and silver. It is nothing more
nor less than this: thatone departmentof the Bank
of England is an agency of the people of that great
kingdom it) issue the notes of the Government;
and that is all they are. Every Bank of England
note is the note of the Government, for it is based
upon the credit of the Government and upon gold
and silver coin. It is regulated and controlled and
changed and altered by the Government. It is the
agency of the Government. In most of the other
countries of Europe at present, gold and silver
are the basis of all transactions, and there is no
difficulty in carrying on the largest operations.
It is only when a people are compelled to use un-
usual resources, when they are compelled to resort
to their credit in a time of great national emer-
gency, it is then only that paper money is resetted
to in Europe or is justified in this country.
There is n still more potent reason, Mr. Presi-
dent, why this should be adopted. We should
all of us look forward to the time when peace shall
again bless us. Although this war must be con-
tinued to maintain the national honor, and I truat
the flag will never be lowered while there is a rebel
in any part of this country, vet we all hope for
peace; we look forward to that good time when
all our friends and kindred shall be again resum-
ing the ordinary occupations of life at home, and
in peace. When that good time comes, if there
are no notes outstanding except the notes of the
United States, they would be at once converted
into bonds, and then we have again the national
currency of gold and silver coin. But, sir, if you
allow your country during this war to be flooded
with this paper money, when peace comes it will
be like the peace with Great Britain in 1815—it
will only bring to us a commercial war, in which
all our interests will be involved; the people will
be left with this immense paper issue upon their
