52
. APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 14,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
The Constitution—Peace—Reunion—Mr. Vallandighcim.
Ho. op Reps.
hands without remedy, and they will be com-
pelled to lose the whole of it.
If there was no money in this country butUni-
tec1 States bank bills, the process of funding would
be going on day by day. Whenever there was
too great accumulation of these bills they would
fre converted into bonds; the operation would go
on quietly and silently. Sir, I say, by the au-
thority of the Secretary of the Treasury, that it
is his deliberate judgment, after watching this
process with all his conceded ability, that but for
the influence of this local bank paper he would be
able to carry on this war without the issue of more
paper money ; that the currency now outstanding,
and that which by law he is authorized to issue,
would be sufficient to carry it on. Such a cur-
rency would lead to the conversion of the notes
into bonds, and bv this process the people would
absorb a national loan and enable him to carry on
this Government without any sacrifice to them.
Mr. President, you can sec that the effect of local
paper money is to prevent tins process. What
are the United States notes? They are based upon
the creditof the whole people; they are of general
authority; they are receivable in payment of all
publicdebts; they are rnadealcgal tenderin pay-
ment of private debts; they may be converted at
any time into six per cent, bonds; they may be
temporarily deposited on interest. They have all
the privileges, all the securities which the faith
of a great nation can give to them. They aie
eagerly sought for, everywhere taken. They are
only driven out of circulation byHhe superabund-
ance of an inferior issue. We know it is a prin-
ciple in finance, that wherever there is an inferior
currency, that will fill all the channels of circu-
lation, and the superior will be hoarded. Why
are gold and silver now hoarded? Because they
are woith more than paper rnonry. Why is Uni-
ted States paper money hoarded ? Because it is
worth more intrinsically than the local paper of
the banks, which, after all, has only a local securi-
ty and a local interest. It therefoie is hoarded;
and now all the channels of commerce are filled
by this currency, which the laws of the United
States forbid the Secretary of the Treasury from
taking in payment of public dues. If a patriotic
citizen now desired to aid the Government wiih
a loan of $o,000, he would have to sell at, a dis-
count or exchange the local currency which he
hus in his hands for United States paper, in order
to enable him to loan that paper to the Govern-
ment.. 1 give it as my conviction, aided and sup-
ported by that of the Secretary of the Treasury,
that but for this intermediate currency the gradual
absorption of the national debt by the common
people of this country—the farmers, the men scat-
tered all over our country—would go*t>n rapidly
and sutisfaotoi ily, su/lieiently so, 1 think, to carry
Oil the wpetalions of the Government.
It may be supposed that the conflict between
local bank paper and United State* notes i« im-
aginary, or of modern origin. Now, sir, to prove
that I am not either original or peculiar in the
views expiessed, I wish to lead from the writings
of an eminent statesman, who certainly was not,
in favor of paper money. My idea upon tins sub-
ject. is exactly according to his, years ago; and
when I read these extracts fiom Mr. Jefferson,
yoi) will peiceive that he, who, duiin<> his whole
life, was so mindful of the rk'.htn of (he States, and
so jealous of paper money, in brief and ter.se lan-
guage designated the only way m which our conn-
fry can carry on war; and that is the very way I
have indicated in my remarks. I will read two
or three extracts from the writings of Mr. Jeffer-
son. In his letter to Mr. Coopei, dated Septem-
ber 10, 1814,just at the close of the war, he says:
" The banks have discontinued themselves. We are now
without am medium, <li,u nece^uv, <iv \v ell as patriotism
and confidence, will inak<! u« all eager to lcceive Treasury
notes, u founded on specific taxes.
•- C'ongiess may now borrow oj the public, and without
interest, all tin monev t !it;\ may want, to the amount of a
competent circulation, by meteiv i^suine tneir own prom-
issory not t & of proper denominations tor the larger purposes
. ot circulation,but not for the sinail. Leave that dooi open
for the entrance ot metallic money.*' * v * *
" Provid-nce sterns. indeed, by a special dispensation, to
have put down for us, witnout a struggle, that very paper
enemy which the interest of our citizens !on<f->mee required
our=eiv'^ to put down, nt whatever risk.
*' The work is done. The moment i« preqnant with iu-
turity, and if not seized at once by Congress, I know not
ou what shoal our barfc i« next to be stranded! Thf State
Lenislatures should be immediately urged to relinquish the
right of establishing banks of discount. Most of them will
comply, on patriotic principles, under the convictions of the
moment; and the nou-comptyiny may be crowded into con-
currence by legitimate devices."
Remember, this was written ata time when this
local bank paper had become almost worthless;
when it was w,orth far less than any local bank
paper now is.
Again, in a letter dated March 2,1815,he says:
"But the circumstances of the war, draining away all
out specie, all these bank-* have stopped payment, but with
a promise to resume specie exchanges whenever circum-
stances shall produce a return of the metal<.
" Some or* the ino t pmdent and honest will possibly do
this; but the mas*; of them ncvei will or can. Yet,having
no other medium, we take their paper, of necessity, for
puipo--.es of the instant, but never to lay by us.
''The Government is now issuing Tieasury notes for
circulation, bottomed on solfd fund-*, and bearing mteiest.
The banking eonfedeiacy (and the merchants bound to them
by debts) will endeavor to ciu&h the credit of these notes;
but the country is ea er for them, as  something they can
trust to, and so soon as a convenient quantity of them can
get into cuculation, the bank notes die."1'
I will also read another extract to show that
this mutter filled the mind of Mr. Jefferson. He
says:
" Put down the banks, and if this country could not be
carried thiough the longest war against hei most powerful
enemy, without ever knowing the want of a dollar, with-
out dependence ou the traitorous clashes of her citizens,
without beaiing hard on the resources of the people, or load-
ing the public wuh an indefinite burden of debt, I know
nothing of my countrymen. Nut by any novel pioject, not
by any charlatanry, but bv ordinaiy ami well experienced
means; by the total piohibition of all private paper at all
limes, by reasonable taxes in war, aided by the necessary
emissions of public papei of circulating <ize, this bottomed
on>peeiai taxes, redeemable annually as this special tax
comes m, and finally within a modeiate period, even with
the flood of pi ivate paper by winch we were deluded, would
the Treasury have ventured its ciedit in bills of circulating
size, as of' Jive oi ten dollar*, &c.. Ihcv would have been
gieedily leceivcd by the people in prefeience to bank
paper.''
Mr. President, i have shown you that under
circumstances very similar to ours, when the
banks hud suspended specie payments, when the
disparity between gold and silverand papermoney
was getting marked, Mr. Jefferson, in his retire-
ment at Montieeiio, in private correspondence
with his friends, with great sagacity pointed out
the very mode to which we must now icsort. if
sve would maintain a national currency. Wchavc
already our United States notes precisely of the
character stated by him, based upon taxes, based
upon the credit of the United States. We have
thrown around tliemall the guards possible. We
have done just as he says we ought to have done.
All that remains for us is by wise measures to in-
duct) the withdrawal of the local bunk circulation
of the country, not by an arbitrary edict strking
them dead or deranging the currency uf the coun-
try, but by a tax, reasonable and moderate in
itself, fo he increased if policy dictates; by a tax
that will at once drive out of circulation all frac-
tional currency. This policy will confine the
banks to that ordinal y business of banking known
among- all the commercial nations of the world,
if this is done by moderate and wise legislation,
as Mr. Jefferson truly says, we may maintain
this war until our flag floats from Louisiana to
Maine in every portion of our beloved country.
TIlKOONSTlTUTtON—rEALT-KT.rxiOX.
|j SPEECH
h 0f
! HON. CLEMENT L. YALLANDKUIAH,
;; of onio,
In the House of Rkprf.sfat\tivi.s,
;i January 14, 1863.
j! Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. Mr. Speaker, in-
• \ dorsed at the recent election within the same dis-
|j tnet for which I still hold a seat on this floor, by
i: a majority four times greater than ever before, I ;
ij speak to-day in the name and by the authority of |
jl the people who, for six years, have intrusted me J
il with the office of a Representative. Loyal, in the 1
|| true and highest sense of the word, to the Con- '
|! stitution and the Union, they have proved them-
selves devotedly attached to and worthy of the i
liberties to secure which the Union and the Con- !
|| stitution were established. With candor and free- !
m dom, therefore, as their Representative, end much I
plainness of speech, but with the dignity and de-
cency due to this presence, I propose to consider
the state of the Union to-day, and to inquire
what the duty is of evety public man and every
citizen in this the very crisis of the Great Revo-
lution.
It is now two years, sir, since Congress assem-
bled soon after the Presidential election. A sec-
tional anti-slavery party had then just succeeded
through the fo rips of the Constitution. For the first
time a President had been chosen upon a platform
of avowed hostility to an institution peculiar to
nearly one half of the States of the Union, and
who had himself proclaimed that there was an ir-
repressible conflict because of that institution be-
tween the States; and that the Union could not
endure "part slave and part free." Congress
met, therefore, in the midst of the profoundest
agitation, not here only but throughout the entire
South. Revolution glared upon us. Repeated
efforts for conciliation and compromise were at-
tempted m Congress and out of it. All were re-
jected by the party just coming into power, except
only the promise in the last hours of the session,
and that, too, against the consent of a majority
of that party both in the Senate and House"; that
Congress—not the Executive—should never be
authoiized to abolish or interfere with slavery
in the States where it existed. South Carolina
seceded; Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississinpi.
Louisiana, and Texas speedily followed. The
confederate government was established. The
other slave States held back. Virginia demanded
a peace congress. The commissioners met, and,
after some time, agreed upon terms of final adjust-
ment. Hut neither in the Senate nor the House
were they allowed even a respectful consideration.
The President elect left his home in February,
and journeyed towards this capital, jesting as he
came; proclaiming that the crisis was only arti-
ficial,and that u nobody was hurt." He entered
this city under cover of night and in disguise. On
the 4th of March he was inaugurated, surrounded
by soldiery; and, swearing to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, announced in the
same breath that the platform of his party should
be the law unto him. From that moment all hope
of peaceable adjustment fled. But for a little while,
either with unstesdfast sincerity or in premeditated
deceit, the policy of peace was pioclaimed, even
to the evacuation of Sumter and the other Federal
forts and arsenals in the seceded States. Why
that policy was suddenly abandoned, time will
fully disclose. But justaiter the spring elections,
and the secret meeting in this city of the Gov-
ernors of several northern and western States, a
fleet carrying a large number of men was sent
down ostensibly to provision Fort Sumter. The
authorities of South Carolina eagerly accepted the
challenge, and bombarded the fort into sun under,
while the fleet fired not a gun, but, just so soon
as the flag was struck, bore away and returned to
the North. It was Sunday, the 14th of April,
1861; and that day the President, in fatal haste
and without the advice or consent of Congress,
issued his proclamation, dated the next day, call-
ing out seventy-five thousand militia for three
months, to repossess the forts, places, and prop-
erty seized from the United States, and com-
manding the insurgents to dispense in twenty days.
Again the gnge was taken up by the South, and
thus the flames of a civil war, the grandest,
bloodiest, and saddist m history, lighted up
the whole heavens. Virginia forthwith seceded.
North Carolina, Tennessee, and Arkansas fol-
lowed; Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, and Mis-
souri were in a blaze of agitation, and within a
week from the proclamation, the line of the Con-
fedeiate States was transferred from the cotton
Suites to the Potomac, and almost to the Ohio and
the Missouri, and their population and fighting
men doubled.
In the North and West, too, the stoim raged
with the fury of a hurricane. Never in history
was anything equal to it. Men, women, and chil-
dren, native and foreign born, Church and State,
clergy and laymen, were ali swept along with the
current. Distinction of age, sex, station, puity,
perished in an instant. Thousand* bent before the
tempest; and here and there only was one found
bold enough, foolhardy enough it may have been,
to bend not, and him it smote fell as a consuming
