704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4.
account of an adverse decision of the Attorney Genera!,
dated September 25, 1845, wort* authorized to do by *p<'
eial act of Congress approved March 3,1847,k< provided the
minimum price of said half section shall not exceed two
dollar.* and filty cents per acre," but woe. unable; to make
said entry because of the =ale, arf it i- allied, of the whole
of said rC'serve he fort; the passage of said law ; and whereas
dotfhts exist whether said certificate can now be legally lo-
cated on any public lands subject to preemption under ex-
isthvj laws: Therefore,
Be it enacicd by the Senate and House of Representatives
oj the United States of America, ni Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of die Interior of the United States f-*hail,and
)ic is hereby authorized and required to, Hsue to the heirs
of the said Stephen Johnston. in full satisfaction of saidcer-
* tifteate, land scrip toi three hundred and twenty acres of
public lands of the United States subject to sale at private
entry at the rate of $2 50 per acre, or for «ix hundred and
forty acres, subject to sale a< aforesaid, at $1. '25 per acre,
to be located according to legal subrim-ionH, as military
land warrants are now located nndereusting laws, in com-
pact bodies of not less than one hundred and sixty acres
each.
Mr. HARRIS. If I can have the attention of
the Senate a moment, I believe 1 can show the jus-
tice of this biii. Some time pnpr to 1826, a man
by the name of Johnston, while undertaking to
carry a dispatch from Fort Wayne, which was
then in a state of siege, to General Harrison, who
was in command of our forces in the West, was
cruelly murdered by the Pottawatomie Indians.
This Johnston when murdered left two infant
children. In 1826, a treaty was made by which
the Pottawatomie Indians ceded a tract of land to
the Government. In doing this, however, they
attempted to do some justice to the heirs of the
man they had murdered. They accordingly, in
making the treaty, reserved to the infant heiia of
Johnston a half section of land, ft will be seen
from this statement that the Government gave
these heirs no land. On the contrary, the Indians
reserved out of their grant to the Government a
half section of land for these children, and in the
treaty it was provided that, these hens being in-
fants, the Governmentshould undertake to locale
that land out of the reservation for these children.
Thus the Government became a mere trustee for
the children of Johnston. The Government un-
dertook to locate the lands; it did locate ji half
section of land, but itdidnotdo itfaithfully. The
land was deficient in quantity and it was inferior
in qualify. There was nbreach of trust for which
the Government, had it been an individual, would
have been liable in any court of equity.
This was the state of tilings. The I ndians had
reserved for these heirs, whom they had so much
injured, a half section of land; the Government
undertook to locate that half section for these
children ; it did not perform us trust with fidelity*,
the land was defi< icnt m quantity and inferior in
quality. When the children came of age, they
ascertained thi^ state of things. They came to
Congress, and Congress, acknowledging the jus-
tice of then* claim, passed a law in 1840 authoi iz-
ing these heirs to surrender this half section of
land to the Government, and to locate any other
half section of land upon any Government lands
not subjcct to preemption. In accordance with
that law, in 1841 this half section of land thus
reserved by these children was surrendered,
ceded back to-the Government; the Government
received it,and in lieu of that, in pursuance of the
law of 1840, these heirs received a certificate of
their right to any half section of land belonging
to the Government not subject to preemption.
Not long after that, the Wyandott reservation was
putin the market. In pursuance of the law of
1840, they sought to locate their half section of
land on that reservation, but the Commissioner
of the General Land Office refused to allow them
so to locate, insisting that they were only entitled
to a half section of land at the minimum price of
$1 25 per acre. These heirs came to Congress,
and Congress passed a joint resolution in 1847
authorizing them to locate a half section of land
upon the Wyandott reservation; but before that
resolution was adopted the Wyandott reservation
was gone, and they could not locate there. Sull
holding their certificate, they attempted again, j
when the Fort Snelling lands were put into mar-
ket, to locate their half section, and they weie
again met by the same objection on the part of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
they failed there again, and thus the thing; has
gone on from 1840 to this time.
This hill provides just what any court of jus-
tice in the United States would award against any
individual. These heirs have surrendered their
lands, worth, as the testimony shows, from five
to .seven dollars an acre, and they have got noth-
ing for them. Now, it is proposed by the bill to
refer the matter to the Court of Claims and let
them ascertain the value of the halfsection of Land
in the Pottawatomie reservation at the time it was
surrendered to the Government, compute interest
on that to this time, and give these heirs land cer-
tificates that they may locate anywhere on Gov-
ernment land to the amount that shall be thus
ascertained by the Court of Claims. It isa prop-
osition that commends itself very strongly to any
man's sense of justice. It is what I would under-
take to recover fiom any individual in the country
if it were a claim against an individual, instead of
againstthe Government. There is no court of
equity that would refuse, it. I trust the Senate
will pass the bill.
Mr. HALE. I ask the Senator what was the
ground on which the Commissioner of the General
Land Office based his decision refusing them the
right to locate on the reservation.
Mr. HARRIS. He construed the law to mean
"any land subject to private entry," instead of
"any land not subject to preemption."
Mr. HALE. There is something said about an
opinion of the Attorney General.
Mr. HARRIS. I see there, is recited an opin-
ion of the Attorney General, dated September 25,
1845. I have never seen that opinion; but, how-
ever that may be, Congress, in 1847, passed a
joint resolution declaring that these heirs should
have the right to locate any land not subject to'
preemption.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from New York
has stated the history of this case correctly, but
his attention perhaps has not been called to our
land system as much as mine has, and conse-
quently he ha? committed what I deem an error
in coming to the conclusion that he has stated.
In the first place, I think he errs as to the rights
of the parties; and in the second place, he errs in
stating the remedy that the bill proposes; it is
much larger than he seems to suppose. There
was a half section of land reserved for the heirs
of Johnston in the treaty which he has mentioned.
The Secretary of the I ntei ior and the Attorney
General have always held that such reservations,
when the contrary is not specified, mean ordinary
arable or tillable land, not hmg more than an aver-
age half section of land fit for cultivation of the
average value of the tract; that in agreeing to these
reservations the Government does not conclude
that the party is to selectamill privilege or atown
site or a tract of land of extraordinary value, but
good farming land, nothing more. Now, the
wrong that these heirs seem to feel that they have
suffered 14 that in selecting a half section of land
foi them, it was not the half section on which the
city of Logansport was situatrd; that is, not a
town site, oi that it did not embrace some water
privilege, thereby conferringonthem property of
immense value, not foragricultural purposes, but
on account of its extraordinary advantages.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired. The Senator will suspend his re-
marks.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall be permitted to
go through with this hill now, as we have got so
near through. I do not think it will take long.
I move that all other business he superseded, and
that this bill be continued before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. How much time will it take?
Mr. WA DE. I do not think it will take long.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion may be temporarily laid aside if there be no
objection. Is there objection ?
Mr. HALE. I think this bill had better be laid
over until to-morrow. It is entirely new to me,
and it strikes mc that it involves very important
principles, for it authorizes the Court of Claims
to ascertain the value of a location which might
have been made, as I understand my friend from
Iowa to say, which would be of immense value;
to ascertain that at the time they might have made
the location, which was in 1841; and then, hav-
ing ascertained this immense value, it directs the
Court of Claims to issue certificates, not only for
that, but for inteiest upon that sum, covering a
period of over twenty years. If that be so, I think
it is dealing with these claimants as we hove not
been in the habit of doing; but I do not wish to
oppose any just claim. Let it lie over until to-
morrow. If this objection is removed, I shall
have no objection to taking it up, but I am not
prepared at this momenL to give my assent to such
a bill,
FRENCH INTERFERENCE IN MEXICO.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair, the pending question is the unfinished
business of yesterday, which is the resolutions
of the Senator from California, [Mr. McDou-
gall.] It is true the Journal of yesterday says
that a motion was made to lay the resolutions on
the table, and the yeas and nays were ordered^
after which they were postponed. The latter part
of the Journal is distinctly and clearly in viola-
tion of the rules of the Senate, and it is therefore
the opinion of the Chair that the subject is now
before the Senate as the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. The record cannot be correct.
I think the resolutions were not postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The record shows
that fact, and the Chair would suggest to the Sen-
ate that the record be corrected.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it should be corrected.
Mr. HOWARD. That record, should be cor-*
reeled. I was in the chair, and I am not aware
that any such motion was put to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The record will be
amended.
Mr. SUMNER. I renew the motion that the
resolutions be laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatmotion isnow
before the Seriate. The question before the Sen-
ate is on laying the resolutions on the table, and
upon that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered. The Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust the President will
allow me to remark that I would desire a direct
vote on the resolutions.
The vote being taken by yeasand nays, resulted
—yeas 34, nays 10, as follows:
YEAS—Me-.sr.-. Anthony, Arnold, Caihle, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Uovvan, Davi.>, Dixon, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Foot, Fo>tei, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Il.irlan,
Hani's, ilendei-on, Ilowaul, Horn', King, Lane of In-
diana, Lane ot (Causa*., Mnuili, Poineroy, Shei man, Snm-
nci, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson. Wiilcy, VVihnot, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—1M.
NAV8—Met>sr - Kennedy, Latham, MeDongall, Powell,
Rice, Iiichaid-=on, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Turpie, and Wil-
son ofMissouu—10.
So the resolutions were laid upon the table.
LEAGUE ISLAND.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the iSonate now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the motion to recon-
sider the vote on the joint resolution passed -some
ten days ago, in regard to League Island. It now
stands on the motion to reconsider, which of
couvsc keeps the resolution on the table of the
Senate, when it should propeily go, according to
the usual course, to the House of Repiesenta-
tivcs. 1 piesume the subject will not occasion a
discussion; foi, doubtless, members have made
up their minds, as there was a pretty -full vote
the other day. I hope the question on the re-
consideration may be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that question will be put by the Chair.
The question is on reconsidering the vote of the
Senate, by which the joint resolution relating to
League Island was rejected.
Mi. COWAN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 do not propose to debate the
matter at all; but I ask that a letter recently writ-
ten by Admiral Gregory, who is the superintend-
ent of the building of iron-clad vessels, may be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, it will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
New York, January 20, 1863.
Thte lo certify that I have for *oiue time pa-t been em-
ployed by the Navy Department as the general superintend-
ent of the iron-clad vessels muter construction, and in-
formed m> self of the hen moan5* of preserving thorn from
injury by the action of sea water, and can, iiom observa-
tion and experiments, assert that pure white zinc will do
so effectually : it amalgamates Willi the iron, and has a gal-
vanic powei that protect** iron from oxyd.itton by atmos-
pheric influences, and a still more impmtant one upon the
immersed parts, preserving the bottom tiom fouling any
mom than eoppei. The it on vesocN now building arc be-
ing covered with it inside ami out. and I consider that it
will about double the value of the vessel- to the Govern-
ment l>v the durability it Injure1*; with it i here will bo some
protection, either in tVe&h or salt water, and no iron vessel +
should be suffered to want it.
