54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 14,
S^th Cong....3d Sess.
The Constitution—Peace—Reunion—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
in the States. In any event, I did not doubt that
whatever might be the momentary impulses of
those in power, and whatever pledges they might
make in the midst of the fury for the Constitution,
the Union, and the flag, yet the natural and inex-
orable logic of revolutions would, sooner or later,
drive them into that policy, and with it to its final
but inevitable result, the change of our present
democratica! form of government into an imperial
despotism.
These were my convictions on the 14th of April.
Had I changed them on the 15th, when I read
the President's proclamation, and become con-
vinced that I had been wrongall my life, and that
all history was a fable, and all human nature false
in its development from the beginning of time, I
would have changed my public conduct also. But
my convictions did not change. I thought that if
war was disunion on the 14th of April, it was
equally disunion on the 15th, and at all times.
Believing this, I could not, as an honest man, a
Union man and a patriot, lend an active support
to the war*, and I aid not. 1 hud rather my right
arm were plucked from its socket, and cast into
eternal burnings, than, with my convictions, to
have thus defiled my soul with the guilt of moral
perjury. Sir, I was not taught in that school
winch proclaims that" all is fair in politics." I
loathe, abhor, and detest the execrable maxim.
I stamp upon it. No State can endure a single
generation whose public men practice it. Who-
ever teaches it is a corrupter of youth. What
we most want in these times, and at all times, is
honest and independent public men. That man
who is dishonest in politics is not honest, at heart,
in any thin vjand sometimes moral coward ice is dis-
honesty. Do right; and trust to God, and Truth,
and the People. Perish office, perish honors,
perish life itself; but do the thing that is right, and
do it like a man. I did it. Certainly,sir, I could
not doubt what he must suffer who dare defy the
opinions and the passions, no? to say the mad-
ness, of twenty millions of people. Had I not
read history? l)id I not know human nature ? But
I appealed to Time, and right nobly hath the
Avenger answered me.
I did not support the war; and to-day I bless
God that not the smell of so much as one drop of
its blood is upon my garments. Sir, 1 censure
no brave man who rushed patriotically into this
war; neither will 1 quaffrel with any one, here or
elsewhere, who gave to it an honest support. Had
their convictions been mine, 1, too, would doubt-
less have done as they did. With my convic-
tions 1 could not.
But I was a Representative. War existed—by
whose act no matter—not mine. The President,
the Senate, the House, and the country, all said
that there should be war—war for the Union; a
union of conscnt and goodwill. Our southern
brethren were to be whipped back into love and
fellowship at the point of the bayonet. Oh, mon-
strous delusion ! I can comprehend a war to com-
pel a people to accept a master; to change a form
of government; to give up territory; to abolish a
domestic institution—in short, a war of conquest
and subjugation; but a war for Union ! Was the
Union thus made? Was it ever thus preserved?
Sir, history will record that after nearly six thou-
sand years of folly and wickedness in every fort?
and administration of government, theocratic,
democratic, monarchic, oligarchic, despotic, and
mixed, it was reserved to American statesman-
whip in the nineteenth century of the Christian era
to try the grand experiment, on a scale the most
costly and gigantic in its proportions, of creating
Jove by force, and developing fraternal affection
by war; and history will record, too, on the same
page, the utter,disastrous, and most bloody fail-
ure of the experiment.
But to return: the country was at war; and I
belonged to that school of politics which teaches
that when we are at war, the Government—I do
not mean the Executive alone, but the Govern-
ment—is entitled to demand and have, without
resistance, such number of men, and such amount
of money and supplies generally, as may be ne-
cessary for the war, until an appeal can be had to
the people. Before that tribunal alone, in the first
instance, must the question of the continuance of
the war be tried. This was Mr. Calhoun's opin-
io, <\nd he laid it down very broadly and strongly
in a speech on the loan bill, in 1841. Speaking
of supplies, he said:
" I hold that there is a distinction in this respect between
a state of peace and war. In the latter, the ri^ht of with-
holding supplies ought ever to be held subordinate to the
energetic and suceesstul prosecution of the war. I go fur-
ther, and regard the withholding supplies, with a view of
forcing the country into a dishonorable peace, as not only to
be wliat it has been called, moral treason, but very little
short of actual treason itself."
Upon this principle, sir, he acted afterwards in
the Mexican war. Speaking of that war in 1847,
he said:
" Every Senator knows that I was opposed to the war;
but none knows hut myself the depth of tii.it opposition.
With my conception of its character and consequences, it
was impossible for me to vote for it."
And again, in 1848:
" But, after the war was declared, by authority of the Gov-
ernment, I acquiesccd in what I could not prevent, and which
it was impossible for me to arrest; and 1 then felt it to be my
duty to limit my efforts to give such direction to the war as
would, at  far us. possible, prevent the coils and dangers with
which it threatened the country and its institutions."
Sir, I adopt all this as my own position and
my defense; though, perhaps, in a civil war, I
might fairly go further in opposition. I could not,
with my convictions, vote men and money for
this war, and 1 would not, as a Representative,
vote against them. I meant that, without oppo-
sition, the President might take all the men and
all the money he should demand, and then to hold
him to a strict accountability before the people
for the results. Not believing the soldiers re-
sponsible for the war, or its purposes, or its con-
sequences, I have never withheld my vote where
their separate interests were concerned. But i
have denounced from the beginning the usurpa-
tions and the infractions, one and all, of law and
Constitution, by the President and those under
him; their repeated and persistent arbitrary ar-
rests, the suspension of habeas corpusy the viola-
tion of freedom of the mails, of the private house,
of the press and of speech, and all the other mul-
tiplied wrongs and outrages upon public liberty
and private right, which have made this country
one of the worst despotisms on earth for the past
twenty months; and I will continue to rebuke
and denounce them to the end; and the people,
thank God, have at last heard and heeded, and
rebuked them, too. To the record and to time I
appeal again for my justification.
And now, sir, I recur to the state of the Union
to-day. What is it? Sir, twenty months have
elapsed, but the rebellion is not crushed out; its
military power has not been broken; the insur-
gents have not dispersed. The Union is not re-
stored; nor the Constitution maintained; nor the
laws enforced. Twenty, sixty, ninety, three hun-
dred, six hundred days have passed; a thousand
millions been expended; and three hundred thou-
sand lives lost or bodies mangled; and to-day the
confederate flag is still near the Potomac and the
Ohio, and the confederate government stronger,
many times, than at the beginning. Not a Slate
has been ic.stored, not any part of any State has
voluntarily returned to the Union. And has any-
thing been wanting that Congress, or the States,
or the people in their most generous enthusiasm,
their most impassioned patriotism, could bestow?
Was it power? And did not the party of the ex-
ecutive control the entire Federal Government,
every State government,every county,every city,
town, and village in the North and West? Was ;
it patronage? All belonged to it. Was it influ-
ence? What more ? Did not the school, the col-
lege, the church, the press, t.he secret orders,
the municipality, the corporation, railroads, tele-
graphs, express companies, the voluntary asso-
ciation, all, all yield it to the inmost? Was it
unanimity? Never was an Administration so sup- j
ported in England or America. Five men and half I
a scoie of newspapers made up the opposition.
Was it enthusiasm? The enthusiasm was fanat-
ical. There has been nothing like it since the
Crusades. Was it confidence? Sir, the faith of
the people exceeded that of the patriarch. They
gave up Constitution, law, right, liberty, all at
your demand for arbitrary power that the rebel-
lion might, as you promised, be crushed out in
three months and the Union restored. Was credit
needed ? You took control of a country, young,
vigorous, and inexhaustible in wealth and re-
sources, and of a Government almost free from
public debt, and whose good faith had never been
tarnished. Your great national loan bubble failed
miserably, as it deserved.to fail; but the bankers
and merchants of Philadelphia, New York, and
Boston lent you more than their entire banking
capital. And when that failed too, you forced
credit by declaring your paper promises to pay
a legal tender for all debts. Was money wanted?
You had all the revenues of the United States,
diminished indeed, but still in gold. The whole
wealth of the country, to the last dollar, lay at your
feet. Privateindividuals, municipal corporations,
the State governments, all in their frenzy gave
you money or means with reckless prodigality.
The great eastern cities lent you $150,000,000.
Congress voted, first, $250,000,000, and next
$500,000,000 more in loans; and then, first,
$50,000,000, then #10,000,000, next #90,000,000,
and, in July last, $150,000,000 in Treasury notes;
and the Secretary has issued also a paper " post-
age currency," in sums as low as five cents, lim-
ited in amount only by his discretion. Nay, more:
already since the 4th of July, 1861, this House has
appropriated $2,017,864,000, almost every dollar
without debate, and without a recorded vote. A
thousand millions have been expended since the
15th of April, 1861; and a public debt or liability
of #1,500,000,000 already incurred. And to sup-
port all this stupendous outlay and indebtedness,
a system of taxation, direct and indirect, has been
inaugurated, the most onerous and unjust ever
imposed upon any but a conquered people.
Money and credit, then, you have had in prod-
igal profusion. And were uxen wanted? More
than a million rushed to arms! Seventy-five thou-
sand first, (and the country stood aghast at the
multitude,) then eighty-three thousand more were
demanded; and three hundred and ten thousand
responded to the call. The President next asked
for four hundred thousand, and Congress, in its
generous confidence, gave him five hundred thou-
sand; and, not to be outdone, he took six hundred
and thirty-seven thousand. Half of these melted
away in theirfirstcampaign; and the President de-
manded three hundred thousand more for the war,
and then drafted yet another three hundred thou-
sand for nine months. The fabled hosts of Xerxes
have been outnumbered. And yet victory strange-
ly follows the standards of the foe. From Great
Bethel to Vicksburg, the battle has not been to the
strong. Yet every disaster, except the last, has been
followed by a call for more troops, and every time
so far they have been promptly furnished. From
the beginning the war has been conducted like a
political campaign, and it has been the folly of the
party in power that they have assumed that num-
bers alone would win the field in acontest not with
ballots but with musket and sword. But numbers
you have had almost without number—the largest,
best appointed, best armed, fed, and clad host of
brave men,well organized and well disciplined, ever
marshaled. A Navy, too, not the most formidable
perhaps, but the most numerous and gallant, and
the costliest in the world, and against a foe almost
without a navy at all. Thus with twenty mil-
lions of people, and every element of strength and
force at command—power, patronage, influence,
unanimity, enthusiasm, confidence, credit, money,
men, an Army and a Navy the laigcst and the no-
blest ever set in the field or afloat upon the sea;
with the support, almost servile, of every State,
county, and municipality in the North and West;
with a Congress swift to do the bidding of the Ex-
ecutive; without opposition anywhere at home,
and with an arbitrary power which neither the
Czar of Russia nor the Emperor of Austnadare
exercise; yet after nearly two years of more vig-
orous prosecution of war than ever recoided in
in history; after more skirmishes, combats and
battles than Alexander, Cccsar, or the first Napo-
leon ever foughtin any five years of their military
career, you have utterly, signally,disastrons!y—
I will not say ignominiousiy—failed to subdue
ten millions of " rebels," whom you had taught
the people of the North and Westnot only to hate
but to despise. Rebels, did I say? Y< s, your
fathers were rebels, or your grandfathers. He
whonowbeforemeoncanvas looks down so sadly
upon us, the false, degenerate, and imbecile guar-
dians of the great Republic which he founded,
was a rebel. And yet we, cradled ourselves in
rebellion, and who have fostered and fraternized
