700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
chusetts is through with his amendments, I desire
to offer as an additional section:
And he it further enacted, That any officer absent fmm
duty with leave shall, during his absence, receive half of
the pay and allowances prescribed by law, and no more;
ami miy officer absent without leave shall, m addition to
the penalties prescribed by law 01 a court-martial, forfeit
all pay and allowances during such absence.
-Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio,
and for this simple reason: an officer engaged in
our battles is wounded; he cannot go away from
his command without leave of absence*, and is it
the intention of the Senator from Ohio that that
officer, thus wounded and incapable of service in
the field, shall receive only half pay ? Is that the
mode in which you intend to treat your officers?
I know it is not the intention of the Senator, but
that is the effect his amendment, if adopted, will
have, in my opinion. I have no doubt about it.
There is no officer, no matter what his condition
may be, that leaves your Army legally without
leave of absence, and no officer ought to leave
unless he is wounded or sick, or has sickness or
death in his family. I make the broad proposi-
tion that your Army has been more injured by
the system of permitting your officeis to leave
when they have not been wounded and rendered
incapable of service or sick, than from any other
cause.
1 am opposed, therefore, to the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio. No officers ought to have
leaveofabsence unless for the reason I havo stated;
and he proposes that then tiiey shall be placed on
half pay. That order is not stiingent enough if
an officer goes away without leave. In that ease,
instead of being merely di prived of pay, he ought
to be deprived of his rank and driven from the
service.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is provided for in an-
other place.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is provided for in
another section, 1 am told.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will inform my friend from
Illinois that this is only an additional penalty. It
is a provision that, in addition to the p< nalties
prescribed bylaw or by a court-maitial, he shall
forfeit his pay during the time of his absence.
Some officers who have been dismissed from the
service have received their pay up to the date of
their dismissal. I will say m regard to the first
clause of my amendment, which provides for the
case of an officer absent from duty with leave, that
I do not think that would include an officer who
was wounded in the service; hut if there is any
doubt on that point, I am willing to modify the
amendment so as to meet the Senator's objection.
Mr. N ESMITJ I. Lei the Senator exclude those
absent " on sick leave."
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 supposed the phrase « ab-
sent from duty" covered it. 3 do not wish to
appiy the provision to an officer who has been
wounded, and I did not suppose it would apply
to such a case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio may modify his amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 modify it by adding," pro-
vided that this section shall not apply to officers
absent on sick leave," i f that will include wounded
soldiers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection to
that. There is another thing I wish to say in ref-
erence to this whole matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the amendment as modified to be re-
ported.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr, RICHARDSON. I am inclined to the
opinion that all your legislation here 111 reference
to these things has done infinite mischief. The
exercise of power by the President and Secretary
of War over the officers of the Army has been
most mischievous. The power of courts-martial
over officers is ample and complete. It was am-
ple and complete at the beginning: of this rebellion.
While you left the trial of officers to courts-mar-
tial, who understood the duties of officers and the
punishments that ought to be awarded to them for
not doing their duty! you had efficient officers in
your Army; but when yuu undertook by whole-
sale, through the President and Secretary of War,
to dismiss your officers, how often haw it been
brought to ourknowledge that they have been dis-
missed in cases where they had not been guilty of
any offense which authorized any such proceed-
ing. Why, sir, the other day they dismissed an
officer from the Army because he had been absent
in this city, when the fact was that the officer had
never been in this city at all. Complaints of this
kind come to us daily. The President and the
Secretary of War are restoring officers every day
to duty who had been dismissed in this way.
Where such proceedings are had, dismissal has
no effect, for then it is no disgiace. When you
stiike fiom the roll of the Army men without
cause, as well as with cause, it has no influence
whatever beneficial to the service. I have been
inclined to the opinion from the beginning of this
rebellion till now, that there has been too much
interference upon the part of Congress and the
President and the Secretary of War,
" That never pet a squadron in the field,
Nor the division ot a battle knows
More than a fcpin&toi."
That you have paralyzed the power of skillful
officers to win victories with our Army in the field,
1 have no doubt. At the appropriate time I shall
give my views in reference to this bill. I am op-
posed to every section and every provision of it.
1 shall resist it, because 1 believe it is ruinous and
detrimental to the service of the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio to the amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am not
clear that the Senator from Ohio will accomplisn
the object he intends by the adoption of his amend-
ment. Some weeks ago the Senator fiom Minne-
sota [Mr. Rice] introduced a bill which was
passed by this body, and is now pending in the
other House, in regard to absentofficers. I think
if that bill shall receive the sanction of the House
of Representatives, it will accomplish the object
intended. The Senator from Illinois tells us that
he thinks there has been quite too much interfer-
ence. That may be so; but I am sure that if the
Senator will carefully examine the legislation of
Congress m regard to the Army, he will agree with
me that that legislation has in no way injured the
public service. I think the laws upon the statute-
book, enacted by the Congress of the United States
since this rebellion commenced, have promoted
the service, and I know of scarcely any portion
of that legislation which needs modification or
change.
There is a crying evil in regard to the absence
of officers. Some days ago, in looking over a state-
ment in the War Office of the number ofregiments,
and the number of men in the service, I saw that
four hundred and eleven officers were absent with-
out leave, and between seven and eight thousand
officers out of our thirty-four thousand officers ab-
sent altogether. I take it no man in Congress or
out of Congress desires that a wounded officer
shall be interfeied with by any legislation orany
act of the Government, but he should have all the
rights that belong to him. I take it that none of
us desire that any sick officer who cannot do his
duty shall be interfered with m any way. But,
sir, there is a bad habit in the country, a habit
that ought to be corrected; it is one that I think
the War Department can correct, and that is, that
officers upon leave o,f absence go away, and then
their absences are renewed, and renewed, and re-
newed. I know of officers that have been absent,
from their legimentssix oreight months, who have
had their leaves of absence renewed repeatedly
when they ought not to have had them renewed;
when they are well enough to attend to duty.
Leaves of absence ought to be renewed with the
greatest possible care. Where a man is wounded
oi siek,ofeouise he cannot beexpected to do duty;
but that fact should be pioved. We know that
there is a great deal of dissatisfaction in the coun-
try in jegard to this state of tilings. I received yes-
teiday a letter from a leading military man of my
State, from the adjutant general of my State, who
states to me that theie are a great number of
officers now floating about in my section of the
country, who ought to be in the field with their
men. I hardly think, however, that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio will ac-
complish his object. I think we had better stand
upon the bill that has been passed by the Senate
and is now in the House of Representatives, and
probably will pass that body, as I am told.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I supposed the bill referred
to by the Senator from Massachusetts would pass
the House of Representatives, I would follow his
advice and withdraw the amendment; but I can
assure him that all the legislation we are likely to
have about the Army will be what is mcoi porated
in this bill. The condition of business in the other
House is such that probably they will not be able
to take up detached bills. I advise him, as a friend
of the Government, that he had better put on this
bill whatever is indispensably neeessaiy to place
within the power of the President the whole phys-
ical force of the Army.
In regard to this particular proposition, I know
that the great evil in the Army now is the deser-
tion of private soldiers and the absenteeism of
officers. It is easy for them to make a strong
excuse to be absent. I agree with the Senator
from Illinois that there is no valid excuse for the
absence of officers of the Army except sickness
or wounds, or sickness m their family, or some-
thing of that kind; but we know very well that
the anxiety of officeis to be relieved fi um the bui-
dens of duty, esptcially when they are lying in
camp, is very great, and the number of applica-
tions is very numerous. Too many of them are
successful. Perhaps every Senator receives every
day—I know I do—great numbers of letters from
officers and soldiers desiring senatorial inteiTer-
ence to get them leaves of absence. I have it from
officers high in command that the great trouble
now m the Army is the absence, without leave in
some cases, with leave in others, of officers of the
Army, who are probably at home in most cases,
enjoying the ease and comforts of life while their
comrades and fellow-soldiers are engaged in actual
service. They are drawing full pay, with less
than the ordinary expenses, commuting their
rations, receiving all the advantages of the mili-
tary service without any of the dangers, troubles,
or toils incident to it.
I believe that the section which I propose, if
adopted, will cut off this abuse. I look to the
good of the service as a matter of course, and also
to the saving of the pay. When an officer does
not earn his pay he ought not to have it. If he
is not sick, if he has no sufficient excuse, accord-
ing to the rule and standard laid down by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, the absent officer ought not to
receive his pay. When we are absent from our
duty we forfeit the whole of our pay. That is a
coirect principle. It is a principle ingrafted m
many of our laws, and there is no reason why it
should not be done in this case. I propose that
when an officer is absent with leave, that is, for
cause which, in the judgment of his superiors,
entitles him to leave, he shall receive half his ordi-
nary pay. That is sufficient. If he is absent
without leave he ought to receive no pay.
I say again, that unless this general provision
be put on tins bill the probability is that it will not
become a law. If the pluaseology of my amend-
ment is not correct, let us adopt the language of
the bill of the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Rice.] I care not what language is used so that
the object be accomplished. I think that the fear
of loss of pay will deter many officers from apply-
ing for these leaves, and will be atiseful restraint
on absenteeism.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. If the bill which wad introduced
by my colleague had become a law, it would of
course obviate the necessity for the adoption of
this amendment. The abuse in regaid to the ab-
sence of officers from our Army is very great. I
will state an instance. I received a letter the other
day from the acting colonel of the Minnesota regi-
ment on the Rappahannock, stating that one cap-
tain received leave of absence m June last for
twenty days, went home to Minnesota, and has
remained there ever since, and he wished me to
present the matter to the Secretary of War, m
order that the officer might either be stricken fi om
the rolls or otdered back to duty. All his fellows
in the service in that regiment complain because
! this favoritism is extended to one officer, while
: the rest of them are compelled to stay there, and
endure the hardships and privations of the battle-
field and the camp. It is wrong. The only ob-
jection that I have to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio is that it proposes to allow half
|iay to officers who I think should receive no pay
at all. I think the necessities of the service require
that something should be done in this matter; jits—
. tiee at least requires it.
