1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Gong.3d Sess.
The Constitution—Peace—Reunion—Mr, Vallandigkam.
Ho. of Reps.
with every insurrection in the nineteenth century
everywhere throughout the globe, would now,
forsooth, make the word " rebel " a reproach.
Rebels certainly they are; but all the persistent
and stupendous efforts of the most gigantic war-
fare of modern times have, through your incom-
petency and folly, availed nothing to crush them
out, cut off though they have been by your block-
ade from all the world, and dependent only upon
their own courage and resources. And yet they
were to be utterly conquered and subdued in six
weeks, or three months! Sir, my judgment was
made up arid expressed from the first. I learned
it from Chatham: "My lords, you cannot con-
quer America." And you have not conquered
the South. You never will. It is not in the na-
ture of things possible; much less under your au-
spices. But money you have expended without
limit, and blood poured out like water. Defeat,
debt, taxation, sepulchres, these are your trophies.
In vain the people gave you treasure and the sol-
dier yielded up his life. " Fight, tax, emancipate,
let these," said the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike,] at the last session, " be the trinity of our
salvation." Sir, they have become the trinity of
your deep damnation. The war for the Uuion
is, in your hands, a most bloody and costly fail-
ure. The President confessed it on the 22d of
September, solemnly, officially, and under the
broad'seal of the United States. And he has now
repeated the confession. The priests and rabbis
of abolition taught him that God would not pros-
per such a cause. War for the Union was aban-
doned; war for the negro openly begun, and with
stronger battalions than before.* With what suc-
cess r Let the dead at Fredericksburg and Vicks-
burg answer.
And now, sir, can this war continue? Whence
the money to carry it on ? Where the men ? Can
you borrow? From whom? Can you tax more?
Will the people bear it? Wait till you have col-
lected what is already levied. How many mil-
lions more of " legal tender"—to-day forty-seven
per cent, below the par of gold—can you float?
Will men enlist now at any price ? Ah, sir, it is
easier to die at home. I beg pardon; butl trust I
am not" discouraging enlistments.'' If I am, then
first arrest Lincoln, Stanton, and Hallcck, and
some of your other generals; and 1 will retract;
Ses, I will recant. But can you draft again ? Ask
'ew England—New York. Ask Massachusetts.
Where are the nine hundred thousand ? Ask not
Ohio—the Northwest. She thought you were in
earnest, and gave you aH, all—more than you
demanded.
" The wife whose babe first smiled that day.
The fair, fond bride of yusiur eve,
And aged sire and mation gray,
Saw the loved warriors ha^te away,
And deemed it sin to grieve.55
Sir, in blood she has atoned for her credulity;
and now there is mourning in every house, and
distress and sadness in every heart. Shall she
give you any more?
But ought this war to continue? I answer, no—
not a day, not an hour. What then? Shall we
separate? Again I answer, no, no, no! What
then ? And now, sir, I come to the grandest and
most solemn problem of statesmanship from the
beginning of time; and to the God of Heaven,
Illuminer of hearts and minds, I would humbly
appeal for some measure, at least, of light and wis-
dom and strength to explore and reveal the dark
but possible future of this land,
can the unio\t of these states be restored?
how shall it be done?
And why not? is it historically impossible?
Sir, the frequent civil wars and conflicts between
the States of Greece did not prevent their cordial
union to resist the Persian invasion; nor dideven
the thirty years Peioponnesian war, springing, in
part, from the abduction of slaves, and embittered
and disastrous as it was—let Thucidides speak-
wholly destroy the fellowship of those States.
The wise Romans ended the three years social war
after many bloody battles, and much atrocity, by
admitting the States of Italy to all the rights and
privileges of Roman citizenship—the very object
to secure which these States had taken up aims.
The border wars between Scotland and England,
running through centuries, did notpreventthefinal
union, in peace and by adjustment, of the two king-
doms under one monarch. Compromise did at last
what ages of coercion and attempted conquest had
failed to effect. England kept the crown, while
Scotland gave the king to wear it; and the mem-
ories of Wallace and the Bruce of Bannockburn,
became part of the glories of British history. I
pass by the union of Ireland with England—a
union of force, which God and just men abhor;
and yet precisely " the Union as it should be" of
the abolitionists of America. Sir, the rivalries
of the houses of York and Lancaster filled all
England with cruelty and slaughter; yet compro-
mise and intermarriage ended the strife at last, and
the white rose and the red were blended in one.
Who dreamed a month before the death of Crom-
well that in two years the people of England,
after twenty years of civil war and usurpation,
would, with great unanimity,restore the house of
Stewart in the person of its most worthless prince,
whose father but eleven years before they had
beheaded? And who could have foretold in the
beginning of 1812, that within some three years,
Napoleon would be in exile upon a desert island,
and the Bourbons restored? Armed foreign in-
tervention did it; but it is a strange history. Or
who then expected to see a nephew of Napoleon,
thirty-five years later, with the consent of the peo-
ple, supplant the Bourbon and reign Emperor of
France ? Sir, many States and people, once sep-
arate, have become united in the course of ages
through natural causes and without conquest; but
1 remember a single instance only in history, of
States or people once united, and speaking the
same language, who have been forced permanently
asunder by civil strife or war, unless they were
separated by distance or vast natural boundaries.
The secession of the Ten Tribes is the exception:
these parted without actual war; and their subse-
quent history is not encouraging to secession.
But when Moses, the greatest of all statesmen,
would secure a distinct nationality and govern-
ment to the Hebrews, he left Egypt and estab-
lished Ins people m adistant country. In modern
tunes, the Netherlands, three centuries ago, won
their independence by the sword; but France and
tiic English Channel separated them from Spain.
So did our Thirteen Colonies; but the Atlantic
ocean divorced us from England. So did Mex-
ico, and other Spanish colonies in America; but
the same ocean divided them from Spain. Cuba
and the Canadas still adhere to the parent Govern-
ment. And who now,North or South,in Europe
or America, looking into history, shall presump-
tuously say that because of civil war the reunion
of these States is impossible? War, indeed, while
it lasts, is disunion, and, if it lasts long enough,
will be final, eternal separation first, and anarchy
and despotism afterward. Hence I would hasten
peace now, to-day, by every honorable appliance.
Are there physical causes which render reunion
impracticable? None. Where other causes do
not control, rivers unite; but mountains, deserts,
and great bodies of water—octani dissociabilcs—
separate a people. Vast forests originally, and
the lakes now, also divide us—not very widely
or wholly—from the Canadas, though we speak
the same language, and are similar in manners,
laws, and institutions. Our chief navigable rivers
run from North to South. Most of our bays and
arms of the sea take the same direction. So do
our ranges of mountains. Natural causes all tend
to Union, except as between the Pacific coast
and the country east of the Rocky mountains to
the Atlantic. It is " manifest destiny." Union
is empire. Hence, hitherto we have continually
extended our territory,and the Union with it,
South and West. The Louisiana purchase', Flor-
ida, and Texas all attest it. We passed desert
and forest, and scaled even the Rocky mountains,
to extend the Union to the Pacific. Sir, there is no
natural boundary between the North and the
South, and no line of latitude upon which to sep-
arate; and if ever a line of longitude shall be es-
tablished, it will be east of the Mississippi valley.
The Alleghanies are no longer a barrier. High-
ways ascend them everywhere, and the railroad
nowclimhstheirsiimmitsand spans their chasms,
or penetrates their rockiest sides. The electric
telegraph follows, and, stretching its connecting
wires along the clouds, there mingles its vocal
lightnings with the fires of heaven.
But if disuniomsts in the East will force a sep-
aration of any of these States, and a boundary
purely conventional, is at last to be marked out,'
it must and it will be either from Lake Erie tmon
the shortest line to the Ohio river, or from Man-
hattan to the Canadas.
And, now, sir, is there any difference of race
here, so radical as to forbid reunion ? I do not
refer to the negro race, styled now, in unctuous
official'phrase by the President, " Americans of
African descent. Certainly, sir, there are two
white races in the United States, both from the
same common stock, and yet so distinct—one of
them so peculiar—that they develop different
forms of civilization, and might belong, almost, to
different types of mankind. But the boundary of
these two races is not at all marked by the line
which divides the slaveholding from the non-slave-
holding States. If race is to be the geographical
limit of disunion, then Mason and Dixon's ean
never be the line.
Next, sir, do not the causes which, in the begin-
ning, impelled to Union still exist in their utmost
force and extefit? What were they ?
First, the common descent—and therefore con-
sanguinity—of the great mass of the people from
the Anglo-Saxon stock. Had the Canad&s been
settled originally by the English, they would
doubtless have followed the fortunes of the thir-
teen colonies. Next, a common language, one of
the strongest of the ligaments which bind a people.
Had we been contiguous to Great Britain,either
the causes which led to a separation would hav-e
never existed, or else been speedily removed; or,
afterwards, we would long since have been reuni-
ted asequals and with all the rights of Englishmen.
And along with these were similar, at least not es-
sentially dissimilar, manners, habits, laws, reli-
gion, and institutions of all kinds, except one.
The common defense was another powerful in-
centive, and is named in the Constitution as one
among the objects of the " more perfect Union"
of 1787. Strongerfyet than all these, perhaps,
but made up of all of them, wasacommon interest.
Variety of climate and soil, and therefore of pro-
duction, implying also extent of country, is not an
element of separation, but, added to contiguity,
becomes a part of the ligament of interest, and is
one of its tougheststrands. Variety of production
is the parent of the earliest commerce and trade;
and these, in their full development, are, as between
foreign nations, hostages for peace; and between
States and people united, they are the firmest
bonds of Union. But, after all, the strongest of
the many original impelling causes to the Union,
was the securing of domestic tranquillity. The
statesmen of 1787 well knew that between thirteen
independent but contiguous States without a
natural boundary, and with nothing to separate
them except the machinery of similar govern-
ments, there must be a perpetual, in fact an 4< ir-
repressible conflict" of jurisdiction and interest,
which, there being no other common arbiter,could
only be terminated by the conflict of the sword.
And the statesmen of 1862 ought to know that two
or more confederate governments, made up of
similar States, having no natural boundary either,
"and separated only by different governments, can-
not endure long together in peace, unless one or
more of them be either too pusillanimous for
rivalry, or too insignificant to provoke it, or too
weak to resist aggression.
These, sir, along with the establishment of jus-
tice, and the securing of the general welfare, and
of the blessings of liberty to themselves and their
posterity, made up the causes and motives which
impelled our fathers to the Union at first.
And now, sir, what one of them is wanting f
What one diminished? On the contrary, many
of them are stronger to-day than in the beginning.
Migration and intermarriage have strengthened
the ties of consanguinity. Commerce, trade, and
production have immensely multiplied. Cotton,
almost unknown here in 1787, is now the chief
product and exportof the country. It has set in
motion three fourths of the spindles of New Eng-
land, and given employment, directly or remotely,
to full half the shipping, trade, and commerce uf
the United States. More than that: cotton has
kept the peace between England and America for
thirty years; and had the people of the North been
as wise and practical as the statesmen of Great
Britain. if would have maintained Unioa and peaca
