.708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
be largely depleted by enlistments into the regular service,
Kfeptieringsuch regiments liable, under Senator Wilson's
bill, (which will probably become a law,) to be consoli-
dated, and half their officers thrown out in consequence
of such depletion, for which such officers are Jn no way
cnargeablc, and for which they cannot in justice be made
to suficr.
It piomotes misconduct and insubordination generally
among enlisted men of volunteer commands, cilice it en-
courages them to hold over their officers in tcrrorem the
threat that if opposed they will join the regulars, and since
«?uch enlistment furnishes to misconduct a too ready relief
from punishment.
Its operation tends, in many ways too patent to need
enumeration here, to demoralize and break up volunteer
commands.
It tends, to the extent to which enlistments take place
under its provisions, to diminish that pudeand enthusiasm
which each State feel-* foi herown volunteer*; and thereby
to dissipate the Interest with which the be vet al Stales should
regard the common came.
Should a draff be rendered necessary to fill up volunteer
commands, through their depletion, under llie opeiauou
of the older, Mich draft would be in cficct for the regular
seivice.
The advanced bounty of forty dollars 1o each lecruit
under the order, contemplate* the expenditure of millions !
of money—-an outlay which, eon&ideung the financial em-
barrassment of the country, in the opinion of the uuder-
bigned, finds'no compensation in the piO|>f><ed transfer.
iupiomotes .m mipiofitab!« jealousy between the two
arms of the service, through its discrimination in favor of
the one against the other.
Its operation-—a<< the experience of the undersigned, and
probably that of every other ojlieer who has witnessed it,
shows-—is and must be attended by meanness, trickery, and
misrepresentations on the pait of reeimting agents: "while
on the part of officers who have in chaigu the busiiicbs of
recruiting under tfs provisions, " conduct unbecoming an
officer and a gentleman" is ami must he the rule, and comt-
esy and honorable dealing the exception.
The restrictions imposed by a subsequent order [No. 162)
avail onlv to invite fraud to assist in the woi K of disorgan-
ization which mi-representation has beiruu.
in every wa> ihe oruor seems objectionable: ,im conflict-
ing with the Ai tieh-s of War, a> dom<* mdijrmtv and injust-
ice to volunteer otlieer>, and as calculated mm iousJv to in-
jure the cause of the Union by impairingthe cilici.>uc.v and
ruining the integrity of vohmtcei commands and thus d"-
stioving in tbem that esprit dn toips so essential to sin. cess.
What aie the two arms ol the seivice, and what have
they done, that the moie impoitant of the two should be
ruined in order to strengthen the other
We pray you to eon-ddei this our earnest petition and
remonstrance, und if po-.Mblc. and as soon as po>ajde, te-
dress the wion# of which \>e complain.
Ami your p"titi<ineia will ever pra>, fee.
Mr. FOOT, 1 move the amendment with the
approval of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs and sovtual other Senators with
whom I have converged.
The amend men ttothe amend ment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I oifer the
following amendment, to insert as a new sec-
lion:
And be if further c.K'rtviI, That the limitation contained
in the proviso to the il(-t section nt the " A-t making ap-
propilauonsi'or ihe support <-i the Aimv foi the > car ending
June Hu, 1863. and additional appiopnatnuH for the \e<u
ending June ^0} INW, and tor othei purposes,'- approved
July 5, 1863, be. and the ^iino ^ heiefu, extended so n- to
allow the appointment oi m veun mniot g.'ru t-d-ami two
hundred and seveurv hugadiei ^"'iieiai,-.
Mr. GRIMES. \ trust that thai question will
not be thrust upon this !>j 11. Tins is a lull "f very
great importance, ami it ou<;ht to he passed im-
mediately. Therenre member*? who have nor made
up their minds as to the propriety of enlarging
the number of generals, either for or against it.
It is understood that that is in a separate hill,and
I trust that it will come tin in a separate nhnne.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 should like to ask file
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs if
he is going to propose an amendment to b-igade
the brigadier generals? [Luu*hfe>\l
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts?, 1 hare been
talking of it. I will not press this amendment if
fhere is any disposition in the Senate not to take
up that question now. I will simply say that rt
the last session of Congress, as we ail know, we
passed a bill limiting the number of major cen-
trals to forty-six,and of brigadier s^nerals to"iwo si
hundred. Since the r0\\ for six handled thousand 'I
additional men, we have had sent in to ,IS about ■[
fift^ major generals and oturhundred and 'iffy-four !
or live brigadier genesis; two jutndred ma- ['<
jor and brigadier generals in oftditsor }o tli'i tium-
ber we now have. There was a proposition made sj
to repeal that law. My own judgment i* against j-
therepeal without a limitation'. for if th> jv%e no  !
limitation, 1 do not know how long this string ■'
would be, and I suppose we should be compelled
not only to brigade them, but to Dut them into a
corps, (Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of K tinsas. I should like to ask
the Senator thh cpo-siaon: how mwu' i;)?for RR4
bngadiergenerals will be retired on half pay under
the resolution of the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Not any.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. How many of them
are there now unemployed?
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. I cannot tell
you that. Iam satisfied from some indications
around me that we had better let this proposition
stand by itself, and I therefore withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment of the
committee, as amended.
Mr. CARLILE. I was not aware that this bill
was to be called up this morning. There are some
provisions in the bill which, it strikes me, are of
very doubtful propriety and of very doubtful con-
stitutionality. The second section of this bill pro-
poses to put the entire militia of the States of this
Union under the control of the President, and sub-
ject to certain rules and regulations for drafting
them as he may prescribe. I will move to strike
out that second section and also the fourth section.
Mr. POWELL. One at a time.
Mr. CARLtLE. It is suggested that 1 should
take them one at a time. If the second section
should be stricken out, I shall follow it up by
motions to strike out the fourth,seventh, and tenth
sections of the bill. Those sections strike down
everything like the right of the States to take care
of their own militia, and they take from the States
leally all control over them. The Constitution of
the United States authorizes Congress—
"To provide for calling forth the mihlu to execute the
laws of the Union, suppre^ in^uuectioris, and repel inva-
s-jon--'.
" To piovidc for or^amzinsr, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and for governing such pait ot thein as may he em-
ployed in the suivictj of the United t^tate^."1
This is a general conscript law, asserting the
power on the part of the Congiess of the United
Staus, without reference at all to the States of the
Union, to give to the President the right to call
the entire military force of the several States into
the service of the United States, to provide how
they shall be called in, to provide for enrolling
and drafting them, and to make rules for their
government,ignoring entirely the governments of
the States. If this were a despotic Government,,
or if thepeople belonged to this'Government, there
mightbe some such assertion of power on the part
of Congress; but, as I understand it, the Govern-
ment belongs to the people, and the present war
is an effort to preserve that Government. If the
people do not feel interest enough in their own
Government to preserve it, I doubt very much
whether you can place power enough in the hands
of lhen agents to make them do it. I therefore
move to stnke out the second section of this bill,
and upon that motion I will ask for the yeas and
navs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rection
proposed to be stricken out will bor^ad.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Her. ? ~ind be it father cnacJed, That the President
shall make a!) proo-i iulei> and regulations for emoljing
and dtafunq the milam of the ('uited State-, and otherwise
putting this act into exeemion ; and the enrollment of the
milam shaif, m ail include all able-bodied male cit-
izeux between the sige^ oi e'<rhteen and forty-five years,
exeept such as may be e**eiupt tlierefiom bv ex^tin1? laws
ol the I mied States ; and exemptions hom physical de-a-
bi'i!\ sbnil only be mndo -eV'r the completion of the draft.
And any nrHIt'\i militiaman who -hall fmne-h an acceptable
substitute i-nail theieupon .••ceive a certificate of discharge
fiotn <ueh diUi>« which -h.'ll ev.'mpt bun fiom militia duty
duunfij ?n<' writ, it'id - ueh aute shod he entitled to the
vime pay and allowances pi<>\ ided by law as if he had been
originally drafted into th'j miimaservice.
rl he PRESIDING OFFICER. On ihe motion
to strike out this section, rh<- yeas and nays are
request'd.
Ttie yas and nays were ordertffl.
jMr. RICHARDSON . Mr. President, I did not
expect this lull wuiid e^rne up for ''ot^ideration
at mi i any a j cj-iod as to-dey; and f should like
now to have u derV-ned, and the amendments
printed, eo that we might have an opportumty to
discuss them all. I suppose that could be done
by to-morrow. If, however, it is not the wish of
the chairman to do that, I shall proceed to its dis-
cussion now.
Mr. President, no bill has ever been introduced
mto Congress of such fearful import as the one
now under consideration. It confers upon the
President of the United States Dower to make all
rules and regulations for the enrollment of the
militia; and when they are enrolled, it places? the
entire militia of the United Suites at his absolute
command. Let us turn our attention foi a mo-
ment to the section which is proposed to bestiieken
out:
'• That the President ?hnll make all pi oper i ules and reg-
ulations for enrolling and dialling the nuiitia oi the United
riuuos, and otherwise putting tins act into execution ; and
the enrollment of the militia shall, in all cases, include all
able-bodied male citizens, between the ages ot eighteen
and forty-five years, except such a? may bo exempt there-
from by existing laws of the United States; and exemptions
for physical disability shall only be made after the com-
pletion of the dialt."
This, taken in connection with the fourth sec-
tion, places the entire enrollment in the hands of
the President. It does not matter whether a man
is physically disabled or not, he is enrolled and
subject to military ordeis, and can be tried and
shot.
Mr. MORRILL. If physically disabled, he is
exempt.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I beg your pardon, sir.
The fourth section reads:
"That every person who shall, in pursuance of any law
of the United States or leqmsition of the Piesident, be
drafted as a soldier, shall, when so drafted, be deemed to
be m the actual service ot' the United ritatcrf. and shall be
thereupon subject to the rules and ai tides of war in the
same manner as though he had been mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States.1'
It is the enrollment that puts him into the ser-
vice. As soon as lie is enrolled, no matter what
his disabilities may he, he is subject to the order
of the President of the United States and the rules
and articles of war. Theie is no exemption. I
object to the bill on that account.
But, Mr. President, I object to the bill still more
on another ground. Heretofore, in our history,
Congress has assumed the responsibility of pass-
ing laws for the purpose of bringing soldiers into
the field. This hill proposes to surrender that
right now and forever, and to confer upon the
President of the United States more power than
belongs to any despot m Europe or anywhere
else. I ask gentlemen to look at the second and
fourth sections of this bill, and to pause before
they cast their vote for either. As has benn well
said by the Senator from Vn-guua, they strike
down every right pertaining to the States, fn some
of the States we have in our militia those who do
not belong to the. militia m other States. In soma
of the States you have the negro in your militia;
in others you have not. Under the operation of
this bill the President of the United States has the
absolute power to take every man into the service
who may differ with him m political sentiment
and political views. He is to make the regula-
tions; he is to make the law. He may take, upon
the other hand, that class of people whom we do
not believe to be capable of fighting battles or
maintaining civil government.
The bill is liable to all these objections. I might
go on into a discussion of other clauses and other
parts of the bill: hut I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to the second and fourth sections, and to ask
him what construction he places upon them. Let
us know from him whether we are to go to our
people and tell them that the President of the
United States is to designate who is to be enno-
bled and who is not, and whatclass, whether white
or black, whetht v Democrats or Republicans;
for he has the power to designate, to select and
say,thatall Democrats shall go into the Aimyand
none of ihe Republicans. He has, on the other
hand, the right to say under this bill that he will
take all republicans. My fiiend from Kansas said
this morning that no man ought to be retained m
the service as an officer who bad lost the confi-
dence of the President of the United States. If
we are to have no officeis in the seivice whose
political opinions do not accord with those of the
President of the United States, 1 put it to him in
all fairness and candor, is it right and proper that
you should have a soldier to cany the knapsack
and musket who differs with the "President?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose it will be a
sufficient answer to the Senator from Illinois for
me to state the fact that a very large proportion
ofthe major and brigadier generals appointed by
tins Administration are members of the hereto-
fore Democratic party. Pie has maintained them,
and I believe they have his entire confidence.
Mi, RICHARDSON. My friend might have
