1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE COKGBESSKWAL G-LOBM.
3 Ytii Cong....3d Sess.
The Constitution—Peace—Reunion—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho.OP !R«i
ment. As well attempt to abolish marriage or the
relation of paternity. The South is resolved to
maintain it atevery hazard and by every sacrifice;
and if" this Union cannot endure part slave and
part free," then it is already and finally dissolved.
Talk not to me of " West Virginia." Tell me not
of Missouri, trampled under the feet of your sol-
diery. As well talk to me of Ireland. Sir, the
destiny of those Slates must abide the issue of the
war. "But Kentucky you may find tougher. And
Maryland—
"E'en in her ashes live their wonted fires."
Nor will Delaware be found wanting in the day
of trial.
But I deny the doctrine. It is full of disunion
and civil war. It is disunion itself. Whoevpr
first taught it ought to be dealt with as not only
hostile to the Union, but an enemy of the human
race. Sir, the fundamental idea of the Constitu-
tion is the perfect and eternal compatibility of a
union of States "part slave and part.free;" else
the Constitution never would have been framed,
northeUnion founded; and seventy years of suc-
cessful experiment have approved the wisdom of
the plan. In my deliberate judgment, a confed-
eracy made up of slaveholding and non-slave-
holding States is, in the nature of things, the
strongest of all popular governments. African
slavery has been, and is, eminently conservative.
It makes the absolute political equality of the
white race everywhere practicable. It dispenses
with the English order ofnobility, and leaves every
white man, North and South, owning slaves or
owning none, the equal of every other white man.
It has reconciled universal suffrage throughout
the free States with the stability of government.
1 speak not now of its material benefits to the
North and West, which are many and more ob-
vious. But the South, too, has profited many
ways by a union with thenon-slaveholding States.
Enterprise, industry, self-reliance, perseverance,
and the other hardy virtuesofa people living hi a
higher latitude and without heteditary servants,
she has learned or received from the North. Sir,
it is easy, I know, to denounce all this, and to
revile him who utters it. Be it so. The English
is, of all languages, the most copious in words of
bitterness and reproach. "Pour on: I will en-
dure."
Then, sir, there is not an " irrepressible con-
flict" between slave labor and free labor. There
is no conflict at all. Both exist together in perfect
harmony in the South. The master and the slave,
the white laborer and the black, work together in
the same field or the same shop, and without the
slightest-sense of degradation. They are not equals,
either socially or politically. And why not, then,
cannot Ohio, having only free labor, live m har-
mony with Kentucky which has both slave and
free ? Above all, why cannot Massachusetts allow
the same right of choice to South Carolina, sep-
arated as they nrea thousand miles, by other States
who would keep the peace and live in good will ?
Why this civil war? Whence disunion? Not
from slavery—not because the South chooses to
have two kinds of labor instead of one; but from
sectionalism) always and every where a disintegra-
ting principle. Sectional jealousy and hate—these,
sir, are the only elements of conflict between these
States, and though powerful, they are yet not at
all irrepressible. They exist between families,
communities, towns, cities, counties, and States;
and if not repressed would dissolve all society
and government. They exist also between other
sections than the North and South. Sectionalism
East, many years ago, saw the South and West
united by the ties ofgeographical position, migra-
tion, intermarriage, anil interest, and thus strong
enough to control the power and policy of the
Union. It found us divided only by different forms
of labor; and, with consummate but most guilty
sagacity, it seized upon the question of slavery as
the surest and most powerful instrumentality by
which to separate the West trom the South, and
bind her wholly to theNorth. Encouraged every
way from abroad by those who were jealous of
our prosperity and greatness, and who knew the
secret of our strength, it proclaimed the " irrepres-
sible conflict" between slave laborand free labor.
It taught the people of the Noith to forget both
their duty and their interests; and aided by the
artificial iigamenta and influence which money and
enterprise had created between the sea-board and
the Northwest, it persuaded the people of that sec-
tion, also, to yield up every tie which binds them
to the great valley of the Mississippi, and to join
their political fortunes especially, wholly, with the
East. It resisted the fugitive slave law, and de-
manded the exclusion ofslavery from all the Terri-
tories and from this District, and clamored against
the admission of any more slave States into the
Union. Itorganizedasectionalanti-slavery party.,
and thus drew to its aid as well political ambition
and interest as fanaticism; and after twenty-five
years of incessant and vehement agitation, it ob-
tained possession finally, and upon that issue, of
the Federal Government and of every State gov-
ernment North and West, And to-day, we are
in the midst of the greatest, most c«ael, mostde-
slfuctive civil war ever waged. But two years,
sir, of blood and debt and taxation and incipient
commerciaPruin are teaching the people of the
West, and I trust of the North also, the folly and
madness of this crusade against African slavery,
and the wisdom and necessity of a union of the
States, as our fathers made it, "part slave and
part free."
What, then, sir, with so many causes impelling
to reunion, keeps us apart to-day ? Hate, passion,
antagonism, revenge,all heated seven times hotter
by war. Sir, these, while they last, are the most
powerful of all motives with a people, and with
the individual man; but fortunately they are the
least durable. They hold a divided sway in the
same bosoms with the nobler qualities of love,
justice, reason, placability; and, except when at
their height, are weaker than the sense of interest,
and always, in States at least, give way to it at
last. No statesman who yields himself up to them
can govern wisely or well; and no State whose
policy is controlled by them can either prosperor
endure. But war is both their offspring and their
aliment, and while it lasts, all other motives are
subordinate. The virtues of peace cannot flour-
ish, cannot even find development in the midst of
fighting; and this civil war keeps in motion the
centrifugal forccsofthe Union, and gives to them
incieased strength and activity every day. But
such, and so many and powerful, in my judgment,
are the cementing or centripetal agencies impelling
us together that nothing but perpetual war and
strife can keeps us always divided. .
Sir, I do not under-estimate the power of the
prejudices of section, or, what is much stronger,
of race. Prejudice is colder, and, therefore, more
durable than the passions of hate and revenge, or
the spirit of antagonism. But, as I have already
said, its boundary m the United Slates is not Ma-
son and Dixon's line. The long standing mu-
tual jealousies of New England and the South do
not primarily grow out of slavery. They are
deeper, and will always be the chief obstacle in
the way of full and absolute reunion. They are
founded in difference of manners, habits, and
social life, and different notions about politics,
morals, and religion. Sir, after all, this whole
war is not so much one of sections—least of nil
between the slaveholding and non-slavcholding
sections—as of races, representing not difference
in blood, but mind and its development, and dif-
ferent types of civilization. It is the old conflict
of the Cavalier and the Roundhead, the Liberalist
and the Puritan; or rather it is a conflict upon new
issues, of the ideas and elements represented by
those names. It is a war of the Yankee and the
Southion. Said a Koston writer the other day,
eulogizing a New England officer who fell at
Fredericksburg: "This is Massachusetts'* wai;
Massachusetts and South Cai olina made it." But
in the beginning, the Roundhead outwitted the
Cavalier, and by a skillful use of slavery and the
negro united all New England first, and after-
waid the entire North and West, and finally sent
out to battle against him Celt and Saxon, Ger-
man and Knickerbocker, Catholic and Episco-
palian, and even a part of his own household and
of the descendants of his own stock. Said Mr.
Jefferson, when New England threatened seces-
sion some sixty years a«?o: " No, let us keep the
Yankees to quarrel with." Ah, sir, he forgot
that quarreling is always a hazardous experi-
ment; and after some time, the countrymen of
Adams proved themselves too sharp at that work
for the countrymen of Jefferson. But every day
the contest now tends again touts natural and ori-
ginal elements, hi many parts ofthe Northwest*^-
I might add of Pennsylvania, New Jgrg&y, hfitl
New York City—the prejudice againstfthe
kee"has always been almost as hitter' as ift ihSft
South. Suppressed for a little while by fheimfl-
slavery sentiment and the war, it threatens nofif.
to break forth in one of those great but tfnfort&*
nate popular uprisings, in the midst, of which rea-
son and justice are for the time utterly silenced.
I speak advisedly; and let New Eoglar/d heed-,
else she, and the whole East, too, in their-strug-
gle for pow^r, may learn yet from the West tN>
same lesson which civil war taught to Rome, that
evulgato imperii arcano, posse principem alibi, qutim
Romazfieri. Thepeopleofthe West demand peace,
and they begin to more than suspect that New
England is in the way. The storm rages; atfd
they believe that she, not slavery, is the cause.
The ship is sore tried; and passengers and crew
are now almost ready to propitiate the waves by
throwing the ill-omened prophet overboard. Ia
plain English—not very classic, but most express-
ive—they threaten to "set New England out iri
the cold."
And now, sir, I, who have not a drop of Netf1
England blood in my veins, but was born in Ohio,
and am wholly ofsouthern ancestry—with a slight
cross ofPennsylvaniaScotch-lrish—would speak
a word to the men of the West and the South, in
behalf of New England. Sir, some years ago',
in the midst of high sectional controversies, and
speaking as a western man, I said some things
harsh of the North, which now, in a more catholic
spirit as a United States man, and for the sake of
reunion, I would recall. My prejudices, indeed,
upon this subject are as strong as any man's; but
in this, the day of great national humiliation and
calamity, let the voice of prejudice be hushed.
Sir, they who would exclude New England in
any reconstruction of the Union, assume that alt
NewEnglandersare "Yankees "and Puritans; and
that the Puritan or pragmatical element, or type
of civilization, has always held undisputed sway.
Well, sir,Yankees, certainly, they are in one sense;
and so to Old England we are all Yankees, North
and South; and to the South just now, or a little
while ago, we ofthe middle and western States,
also, are, or were,Yankees, too. But there is really
a very large, and most liberal and conservative non-
Puritan element in the populatipn of New Eng-
land, which, for many years, struggled for the
mastery, and sometimes held it. It divided Maine,
! New Hampshire, and Connecticut, and once con-
trolled Rhode Island wholly. It held the sway
during the Revolution, and at the period when the
Constitution was founded, and for some years
afterward. Mr. Calhoun said very justly, n 1847,
that to the wisdom and enlarged patriov^m of
Sherman and Ellsworth on the slavery question
we were indebted for thisadmirable Government;
and that, along with X^aterson, of New Jersey,
" their names ought to be engraven on brass, and
live forever." And Mr. Webster, in 1830, in one
of those grand historic word-paintings, m which
he was so great a master, said of Massachusetts
and South Carolina: " Hand in hand they stood
around the Administration of Washington, and
felt his own great arm lean on them for support."
Indeed, sir, it was not till some thirty years ago
that the narrow, presumptuous, intermeddling,
and fanatical spirit of the old Puritan element be-
gan to reappear in a form very much more aggres-
sive and destructive than at first, and threatened
to obtain absolute mastery in church, and school,
and State. A little earlier it had struggled hard,
but the conservatives proved too strong for it; and
so long as the great statesmen and juiists of the
Wing and Democratic parties survived, it made
small progress, though John duincy Adtimsgave
to it tiie strength of his great name. But after
their death it broke in asa flood, and sweptaway
the last vestige of the ancient, liberal, and toler-
ating conservatism. Then every form and devel-
opment of fanaticism sprang up in uuik and most
luxuriantgrowth,tilldbolitionism,thech ioffungus
of all, overspread the whole of New England first,
and then the middle States, and finally every State
in the Northwest.
Certainly, sir, the more liberal or non-Puritan
element was mainly, though not altogether, from
the old Puritan stocki or largely crossed with it.
