APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 14,
3.1th Cong....3d Sess. The Constitution—Peace—Reunion—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
But even within the first ten years after the land-
ing of the Pilgrims, a more enlarged and tolerating
civilization was introduced. Roger Williams,
not of the Mayflower, though a Puritan himself,
and thoroughly imbued with all its peculiarities
of cant and creed and form of worship, seems yet
,to have had naturally a more liberal spirit; and,
first perhaps of all men, some three or more years
before the Ark and the Dove touched the -shores
of the St. Mary's, in Maryland, taught the sub-
lime doctrine of freedom of opinion and practice
in religion. Threatened first with banishment to
England, so as to " remove as far as possible the
infection of his principles;" and afterwards ac-
tually banished beyond the jurisdiction of Mas-
sachusetts, because, in the language of the sen-
tence of the General Court, " he broached and
divulged divers new and strange doctrines against
the authority of magistrates" over the religious
• opinions of men, thereby disturbing the peace of
the colony, he became the founder of Riiode Isl-
and, and, indeed, of a large part of New England
society. And, whether from his teaching and
example, and in the persons of his descendants
and those of his associates, or from other causes
and another stock, there has always been a large
infusion throughout New England of what may
be called the Roger Williams element, as distin-
guished from the extreme Puritan or Mayflower
and Plymouth Rock type of the New Englander;
and its influence, till late years, has always been
powerful.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
_ Mr. VALLANDIG&AM. I ask for a short
time longer.
Mr. POTTER. 1 hope there will be no objec-
tion from this side of the House.
The SPEAKER* If there be no objection the
gentleman will be allowed further time.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Sir, I would not
deny or disparage the austere virtues of the old
Puritans of England or America. But I do believe
that, in the very nature of things, no community
could exist long in peace, and no Government
endure long alone, or become great, where that
element in its earliest or its more recent form
holds supreme control. And it is my solemn con-
viction that there can be no possible or durable
reunion of these States until it shall have been
again subordinated to other and more liberal and
conservative elements, and, above all, until its
worst and most mischievous development, aboli-
tionism, has been utterly extinguished. Sir, the
pence of the Union and of this continent demands
it. Hut, fortunately, those very elements exist
abundantly in New England herself; and to her I
look with confidence to secure to them the mas-
tery within her limits. In fact, sir, the true voice
o< New England has for some years past been but
rn rely heard here or else where in public affairs.
Men now control her politics and are in high
places, State and Federal, who, twenty years ago,
could not have been chosen selectmen in old
Massachusetts. Hut let her remember at last her
ancient renown: let her turn from vain-glorious
admiration of the stone monuments of her hemes
and patriots of a former age, togenerous emulation
of the noble and manly virtues which they were
designed to commemorate. Let us hear less fioin
her of the Pilgrim IAubers and the Mayflower and
of Plymouth Rock,and jnore of Roger Williams
anil his t ompatriots, and his toleration. Let her
banish nowand foreverherdreanieisand hersoph-
istsaml her fanatics, and call back again into her
State administration and into the national councils
" her men of might, her grand in soul"—some of
them still live—and she will yet escape the dan-
gers which now threaten her with isolation.
Then, sn, while I am inexoiably hostile to Puri-
tan domination 111 religion or morals or literature
or politics, I am not in favor of the proposed exclu-
sion of New England. I would have the Union
as it was; and first* New England as she was.
But if New England will have no union with
sbveholdeis; ifsheisnotcontentwith " the Union
as it was/' then upon her own head be the re-
sponsibility for secession. And thcie will be no
moie coercion now. I, at least, will be exactly
consistent.
And now, sir, can the central States, New York,
New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, consent to sep-
aration ? Can New York city? Sir, the trade of
the South made her largely what she is. She
was the factor and banker of the South—cotton
filled her harbor with shipping and her banks with
gold. But in an evil hour the' foolish, I will not
say bad, " men of Gothem" persuaded her mer-
chant princes—against their fiist lesson in business
—that she could retain or force back the southern
trade by war. War, indeed, has given her, just
now, a new business and trade greater and more
profitable than the old. But with disunion that,
too, must perish. And let not Wall street, orany
othergreatinterest,mercantile, manufacturing, or
commercial, imagine that it shall have power
enough or wealth enough to stand in the way of
reunion through peace. Let them learn, one af^d
all, that a public man who has the people as his
support, is stronger than they, though he may
not be worth a million, nor even one dollar. A
little while ago the banks said that they were king,
but President Jackson speedily taught them their
mistake. Next, railroads assumed to be king;
and cotton once vaunted largely his kingship. Sir,
these are only of the royal family—princes of the
blood. There is but one king on earth. Politics
is king.
But to return: New Jersey, too, is bound closely
to the South, and the South to her; and more and
longer than any other State, she remembered both
her duty to the Constitution and her interest in
the Union. And Pennsylvania, a sort of middle
ground, just between the North and the South,
and extending, also, to the West, is united by
nearer, if not stronger ties, to every section, than
any other one State, unless it be Ohio. She was
—she is yet—the keystone in the great but now
crumbling arch of the Union. She is a border
State; and, more than that, she has less within
her of the fanatical or disturbing element than
any of the States. The people of Pennsylvania
are quiet, peaceable, practical, and enterprising,
without being aggressive. They have more of the
honest old English and German thrift than any
other. No people mind more diligently their
own business. They have but one idiosyncrasy
or specialty—the tariff; and even that is really
far more a matter of tradition than of substantial
interest. The industry, enterprise, and thrift of
Pennsylvania are abundantly able to take care of
themselves against any competition. In any event,
the Union is of more value, many times, to her
than any local interest.
Butotherties also hind these States—Pennsyl-
vania and New Jersey,especially—to the South,
and the South to them. Only an imaginary line
separates the former from Delaware and Mary-
land. The Delaware river, common to both Penn-
sylvamaand New Jersey, ilows into Delaware bay.
1 he Susquehanna empties us waters, through
Pennsylvania and Maryland, into the Chesa-
peake. And that great watershed itself, extending
to Norfolk, and, therefore, almost to the North
Carolina line, does belong, and must ever belong,
in common to the central and southern States,
under one Government; or else the line of separa-
tion will be the Potomac to its head waters. All
of Delaware and Maryland, and the counties of"
Aecomac and Northampton, in Virginia, would,
in that event, follow the fortunes of the northern
confederacy. In fact, sir, disagreeable as the idea
may be to many within their limits on both sides,
no man who looks at the map and then reflects
upon history and the force of natural causes, and
considers the present actual and the future proba-
ble position of the hostile armies and navies at the
end of this war, ought for a moment to doubt that
either the States and counties which I have named
must go with the North, or Pennsylvania and
New Jersey with the South. Military force on
either side cannot control the destiny of the States
lying between the mouth of the Chesapeake and
the Hudson. And if that bay were itself made
the line, Delaware, and the Eastern Shore of
Maryland and Virginia, would belong to the
North; while Norfolk, the only capacious harbor
on the southeastern coast, must be commanded by
the guns of some new fortress upon Cape Charles;
and Baltimore, the now queenly city, seated then
upon the very boundary of two rival, yes, hostile,
confederacies, would rapidly fall into decay
And now, sir, I will notask whether the North-
west can consent to separation from the South.
Never. Nature forbids. We are only a part of
the great valley of the Mississippi. There is no
line oflatitude upon which to separate. Neither
party would desire the old line of3GO 30' on both
sides of the river; and there is no natural bound-
ary east and west. The nearest to it are the
Ohio and Missouri rivers. But that line would
leave Cincinnati and St. Louis, as bolder cities,
like Baltimore, to decay, and, extending fifteen
hundred miles in length, would become the scene
ofaneternal border warfare withoutexample even
in the worst of times. Sir, we cannot, ought not,
will not, separate from the South. And if you of
the East who have found this war against the
South and for the negro, gratifying to your hate or
profitable to your purse, will continue it til I asep-
aration be forced between the slavcholding and
your non-slaveholding States, then, believe me,
and accept it, as you did not the other solemn
warnings of years past, the day which divides the
North from the South, that self-same day decrees eter-
nal divorce between the West and the East.
Sir, our destiny is fixed. There is not one drop
of rain which descending from the heavens, and
fertilizing our soil, causes it to yield an abundant
harvest, but flows into the Mississippi, and there,
mingling with the waters of that mighty river,
finds its way,at last, to the Gulf of Mexico. And
we must and will follow it with travel and trade,
not by treaty but by ri^ht, freely, peaceably, and
withoutrestriction or tribute,under the same Gov-
ernment and flag, to its home in the bosom of that
Gulf. Sir, we will not remain after separation
from the South, a province or appanage of the
East, to bear her burdens and pay her taxes; nor
hemmed in and isolated as we are,and wiihouta
sea-coast, could we long remain a distinct confed-
eracy. But wherever we go, married to the South
or the East, we bring with us three fourths of the
territories of that valley'to the Rocky mountains,
and it may be to the Pacific—the grandest and
most magnificent dowry which bride ever had to
bestow.
Then, sir, New England,freed at last from the
domination of her sophisters, dreamers and big-
ots, and restored to the control once more of her
former liberal, tolerant, and conservative civiliza-
tion, will not stand in the way of the reunion of
these States upon terms of fair and honoiable ad-
justment. A nd in this great work the central free
and border slave States, too, will unite heai t and
hand. To the West, it is a necessity, and she de-
mands it. And let not the States now called con-
federate insist upon separation and independence.
What did they demand at first ? Security against
abolitionism within the Union. Protection from
" the irrepressible conflict" and the domination of
the absolute numerical majority. A change of
public opinion,and consequently of political par-
ties in the North and West, so that their local in-
stitutions and domestic peace should no longer be
endangered. And, now, sir, after two years of
persistent and most gigantic effort on the pait of
this Administration to compel them to submit, but
with utter and signal failure, the people of the free
States are now or are fast becoming satisfied that
the price of the Union is the utter suppiession of
abolitionism or anti-slavery as a political element,
and the complete subordination of the spirit
of fanaticism and intermeddling which save it
birth. In any event, they are ready now, it I have
notgreatly misread the signs of the times, to re-
turn to the old constitutional and actual basis of
fifty years ago—three fifths rule of representation,
speedy return of fugitives from labor, equal i ighta
in t! e Territories, no more slavery agitation any-
where, and transit and temporary sojourn with
slaves, without molestation, in the free States.
Without all these there could be neither peace nor
permanence to a restored union of States "part
slave and part free." With it, the South, m addi-
tion to ail the other great and multiplied benefits
of union, would be far more secure in her slave
property, her domestic institutions, than under a
separate government. Sir, let no man Noith or
West, tell me that this would perpetuate African
slavery. I know it. But so does the Constitution.
I repeat, sir, it is the price of the Union. Whoever
hates negro slavery more than he loves the Union,
mufitdemand separation at last, I think that you
