710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
ask you to reflect. I will not discuss the ques-
tion of whether this feeling so deep and fearful is
right or wrong. 1 know it exists, and as legis-
lators it is our duty to treat of facts as they are.
It is our duty to remember that our fellow-citizens
have passions which may dethrone reason, and
sometimes cause them to act precipitately and
hastily. God knows I do not wish to augment
this feeling1, already excited enough. I have a
right to call upon the American Senate to forbear
before passing acts that may involve us in further
trouble, in disaster, and, it may be, in civil war.
Whenever you have cal'led on that section of the
country for volunteers you have got them. When-
ever you have asked for them they have come.
If in other sections of the country they have not
come as promptly as they have from that, is there
nothing less than to give absolute, extreme, dan-
gerous power to the President to fill up your
Army?
I fear—I repeat it—I fear that if you hurry these
things through during this Congress, feeling that
your power will soon be gone; if you will take
advantage of your present majority, against the
popular will, to pass measures that will be very
distasteful to our people, yon will plunge them
into difficulty with this Government. There is
no man here or elsewhere who will deplore it more
than I shall; but, sir, I cannot help it." I know
•the fact to exist. I might set myself up as a vic-
tim to be sacrificed by the popular will, but I could
accomplish no good. I know that gentlemen here,
and gentlemen elsewhere, think that i am a very
extreme man in many of my views. Sir, they
regard me at home as a laggard, as behind public
opinion, not rftady to resist these aggressions,and
assertions of power in violation of the Constitu-
tion, which are sought to be fixed upon the peo-
ple. 1 may be a little slow. 1 desire to be slow. I
will not willingly, if 1 can avoid it, help to plunge
the country into any woise condition than it is m
now. God knows, sir, we have troubles enough
on our hands.
Many things that you have done are very dis-
tasteful to our people. The proclamations issued
by the President have fired the hearts of our peo-
ple with A desire to resist these aggressions upon
the Constitution of the United States. Sir, our
people care nothing about slavery, but 1 tell you
what they do care about. The gentleman from
Kansas has been pleased to say that he is not of
those who worship the negio. Nor am I. Our
people in 1848, by a majority of thousands, placed
in their constitution a prohibition on the immigra-
tion and settlement of negroes m our State. In
18G2, by a vote of over a hundred thousand ma-
jority, when wc amended the constitution, we
placed a provision moie smngent there again;
and 1 will say to the gentleman from Kansas,
that our entire Army, with scmcely an exception,
voted to place that provision m the constitution.
Very few voted against it eitherat home or in the
Army, but there were less votes against it in the
Army, in pioportion, than there weie at home.
The majority was somewhere about one hundred
thousand, and I do not know hut that it was more.
I do not undertake to state the exact figures. Sir,
our people are determined lb at the constitution
shall not be further oveniden and violated. You
have sought through your Sen e tar y of War, your
President, and the Administration o( the Govern-
ment, to violate that clause in our Stale constitu-
tion. it has excited a gieat deal of indignation and
a great deal of bad feeling in the miud.s of our peo-
ple. I very much fear the conscquences when you
tell them that each one of them is liable to the or-
der and command of Mr. Lincoln; that he can
bring them into the Ai my any day he pleases, and
have them before a court-nun tiai before they are
musteied into the service; when you tell them
they must be taxed to pay for negroes and to bring
them into the State; when you tell them that that
inferior race whom they will not pel mit to live in
their midst aie to be soldiu s on tci ms of equality
by their side, and lure.d\er when the war is over
they are lo stand as their equals everywhere; for
I assume if you make a soldier of a negio, you
will confer upon him tin' m'ht of citizenship and
the light to vote. No man need tell me, here or
elsewhere, that he is willing to make a soldier of
the negro, and not make a citizen of him. I will
not discuss that subject furthei now. I am only
stating some of the reasons and the causes of ex-
citement among oui people. I have deemed it my
duty to do so. 1 now deem it my duty to resist,
with whatever power I have, the passage of this
bill and the other bills to which I have referred,
i fear their passage will lead to consequences that
all of us would greatly deplore.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I shall not violate the
courtesies of the Senate by charging that I have
heard the Senator's speech frequently before; but
this I will charge, that so far as his speech is con-
nected with the negro question, I have heard it for
twenty years from the party to which he belongs.
I do not propose to occupy the time of the Senate
in discussing that question at present, as there is
a bill that will soon come up for consideration
which will bring this whole question of using the
" inferior race," as it is called by the Senator, in
the military service of the country. But, sir, in
the name of the soldiers of Illinois I desire to pro-
test here against any attempt, on the part of even
their own Senator, to draw any political distinc-
tion between them. Democrats and Republicans
stand shoulder to shoulder in that army, and they
know no politics but their country and the crush-
ing out of this rebellion. For them, and in their
name, I protest against the effort of the Senator
from Illinois to sow any such seeds of discord
among them. That is all I have to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regiet, sir,that any state-
ments made by my colleague should make it ne-
cessary for me to say anything on the present
occasion, and I wish to say but a few words in
relation to Illinois troops. I cannot permit the
statement which he has made in regard to the po-
litical standing of the troops fiom my State to go
forth to the country unchallenged. I regret ex-
ceedingly that my colleague should have consid-
ered it necessary in the discharge of his public
duties to make this partisan speech. I regret ex-
ceedingly, when more than half a million of men
are in arms confessedly to overturn the Constitu-
tion of this country, when our brorheis of all pol-
itics and all parties and all creeds are falling by
scores and by thousands in defense of the Gov-
ernment and the Constitution, that my colleague
should have turned his attention away from these
half million of traitors, who would destroy all that
we have, to enter the ranks of our own soldiers
fighting side by side and pouring out their blood
together, whether Democrats or Republicans, to
inquire whattheirparty politicsare. Sir,itmatters
not what the polities of the soldiei fighting for his
country may have hern: if he fights for this Con-
stitution and this Government he is my brother,
and I will embrace him as such. [Applause in
the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order!
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I am sorry that my
colleague should have deemed it his duty to pore
over documents to sec whether there were more
soldiers who had voted the Democratic or Repub-
lican ticket. I never have brought such an issue
into this body. Sir, it is known in my State,and
to no one better than my colleague himself, that
in all these military appointments no question
has been asked about politics. The colonels and
the lieutenant colonels and the officers from my
State are of both political parties. My colleague
himself is a distinguished example of the disre-
gard of politics in the conferring of appointments
in the Army.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will my colleague per-
mit me a moment ?
Mi. TRUMBULL. Ceitainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague certainly
doew not foi.net the fact that I was betrayed into
this discussion by the remarks of the Senator
from Kansas. Rut apart from that I will take all
the responsibility, if that be my colleague's con-
struction of it. I will ask my colleague if he was
not one of the number who signed a protest to
the President of the United States, that no gen-
eial ought to be trusted with command—this is
the puiport of it; I am not quoting the words; I
have it not before me—except he accorded with
the Piesident of the United States in his policy
of carrying on the war.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 hope the Senator
will permit me to make a single lemark.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be through in a
j moment.
I Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Just one single re-
! maik.
■ Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall make no extended
i lemaiks. I shall be thmugh m a moment, and
then the Senator from Kansas will have an op-
portunity to say all he desires.
Mr. President, I was not present when my col-
league made a good portion of his remarks. 1 do
not know how lie was drawn into the making of
them. I know he always stands ready to avow
any sentiments which he has uttered. I was not
aware precisely how the discussion arose, nor
should I have said anything on the present occa-
sion, but for his remarks in regard to the soldiers
from my own State.
I shall not now take, up time in going into a
canvass in reference to the politics of the Illinois
soldiers, further than to say that my colleague is
greatly mistaken, in my judgment, in supposing
that a majority, or anything like half the soldiers
in the field from the State of Illinois are Demo-
crats. He may have a different opinion. Why,
sir, from the county of St. Clair and from the
county of Madison, the counties in which I have
resided for the last quarter of a century, some six
thousand men have gone into the field—more men,
I will venture, than from all the Democratic coun-
ties that he mentioned. I have not added them
up; and there is not one in five of the soldiers from
St. Clair and Madison who are Democrats.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague had better
add up the counties that I mentioned before he
makes that statement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do notknow how many
counties he mentioned. I recollect he named sev-
eral Democratic counties in the southern congres-
sional district of the State, and I do not think he
mentioned any out of that district; if 1 recollect
aright, some half a dozen counties; and I am
quite sure, if there were not more than that, then
there were not six thousand men went to the war
from those counties. I merely speak of this in
order that it may be known to the country that
such a statement as my colleague made here is
not unchallenged. Itis ourunderstanding all over
the State, that a large majority, more than three
fourths—yes, sir, more than four fifths of the sol-
diers who have gone to the war from that State
are of the Republican organization. But, sir,
many Democrats have gone; and 1 wish myself
to institute no comparisons. Whatever men havi
volunteered for the defense of the country, I rec-
ognize them all as friends and patriots.
Now, sir, my colleague wants to know if I am
not one of those who signed a paper that no man
should command the Army who is not in har-
mony with the Administration and with the pol-
icy that is adopted to put down the rebellion.
Whether I saia any*stich thing, or signed any
such paper, is wholly immaterial. I say now, and
at all times, I am for that policy; and had 1 the
power, no man should lead a soldier of ours who
did not harmonize and agree with the President
in the prosecution of this war, and the policy he
has adopted to crush this rebellion. Sir, no semi-
loyalist, no traitor should lead my brother and
my son in this war. If the Senator himself was
the President, and if the Democratic party were
in power, with a policy adopted to put down this
rebellion, I would say to them, take men to lead
your armies who believe in the manner in which
you are conducting the war. You will never put
down the rebellion unless you have men to lead
your armies who believe in the policy you have
adopted to crush it. I should like to know if my
colleague would place m command, to cany into
execution the greatest enterprise in the world, a
man who was opposed to the policy he had adopted
to carry it forward.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to my col-
league at once that if 1 were President of the Uni-
ted States I would call Geneial McClellan imme-
diately to the head of the Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would you do n if you
believed General McClellan was opposed to the
mode of putting down the rebellion that you had
inaugurated : Would you call him to command
your ai my in that case? It would be the straiten'
thing in the world to choose instrumentalities to
carry into effect a measure, when the internment
alities were opposed to cairying it into effect.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 will state to my col-
league, I would select that man to lead armies
who could win victories. That would be my pur-
pose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think, then, the gentle-
man has made a very judicious choice ! There is
about as much consistency in that as in some other
