1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
The Constitution—Peace—Reunion—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. OF
can never abolish slavery by fighting. Certainly
you never can till you have first destroyed the
South,and then, in the language,firslofMr. Doug-
las and afterwards of Mr. Seward, converted this
Government into an imperial despotism. Arid, sir,
whenever lam forced to a choice between the loss
to my own country and race, of personal and polit-
ical liberty with all its blessings,and the involun-
tary domestic servitude of the negro, I shall not
hesitate one moment to choose the latter alter-
native. The sole question to-day is between the
Union with slavery, or final disunion, and, I think,
anarchy and despotism. I am for the Union. It
was good enough for my fathers. It is good
enough for us and our children after us.
And, sir, let no man in the South tell me that
she has been invaded, and that all the horrors im-
plied in those most terrible of words, civil war,
have been visited upon her. I know that, too.
But we, also, of the North and West, 1ft every
State and by thousands,-who have dared so much
as to question the principles and policy, or doubt
the honesty, of this Administration and its party,
have suffered everything that the worst despotism
could inflict, except only loss of life itself upon
the scaffold. Some even have died for the cause
by the hand of the assassin. And can we forget?
Never, never. Time will but burn the memory
of these wrongs deeper into our hearts. But shall
we break up the Union? Shall we destroy the
Government because usurping tyrants have held
possession and perverted it to the most cruel of
oppressions? Was it ever so done in any other
country? In Athens? Rome? England? Any-
where? No, sir; let us expel £he usurper, and
restore the Constitution and laws, the rights of
the States, and the liberties of the people; and
then, in the country of our fathers, under the
Union of our fathers, and the old flag—the sym-
bol once again of the free and the brave—let us
fulfill the grand mission which Providence has
appointed for us among the nations of the earth.
And now, sir, if it be the will of all sections to
unite, then upon what terms? Sir, between the
South and most of the States of the North, and
all of the West, there is but one subject in con-
troversy—slavery. It is the only question, said"
Mr. Calhoun twenty-five years ago, of sufficient
magnitude and potency to divide this Union; and
divide it it will, he added, or drench the country
in blood if not arrested. It has done both. But
settle it on the original basis of the Constitution,
and give to each section the power to protect itself
within the Union, and now, after the terrible les-
sons of the past two years, the Union will be
stronger than before,and,indeed,endure forages.
Woe to the man, North or South, who, to the'
third or the fourth generation, should teach men
disunion.
And now the way to reunion: what so easy?
Behold to-day two separate governments in one
country, and without a natural dividing line;
with two presidents and cabinets, and a double
Congress; and yet each under a constitution so
exactly similar, the one to the other, that a stran-
ger could scarce discern the difference. Was
ever folly and madness like this? Sir, it is not
in the nature of things that it should so continue
long.
But why speak of ways or terms of reunion-
now? The will is yet wanting in both sections.
Union is consent and good will and fraternal
affection. War is force, hate, revenge. Is the
country tired at last of war? Has the experiment
been tried long enough? Has sufficient blood
been shed, treasure expended, and misery inflicted
in both the North and the South ? What then?
Stop fighting. Make an armistice—no formal
treaty. Withdraw your army from the seceded
States. Reduce both armies to a fair and suffi-
cient peace establishment. Declare absolute free
trade between the North and South. Buy and
sell. Agree upon a zollverem. Recall your
fleets. Break up your blockade. Reduce your
navy. Restore tiavel. Open up railroads. Re-
establish the telegraph. Reunite your express
companies. No more Monitors and iron-ciads,
but set your friendly steamers and steamships
a°:ain in motion. Visit the North and West.
Visit the South. Exchange newspapers. Mi-
grate. Intermarry. Let slavery alone. Hold
elections at the appointed times. Let us choose
a new President in sixty-four. And when the
gospel of peace shall have descended again from
heaven into their hearts, and the gospel of aboli-
tion and of hate been expelled, let your clergy
and the churches meet again in Christian inter-
course, North and South. Let the secret orders
and voluntary associations everywhere reunite as
brethren once more. In short, give to all the
natural and all the artificial causes which impel
us together, their fullest sway. Let time do his
office—drying tears, dispelling sorrows, mellow-
ing passion, and making herb and grass and tree
to grow again upon the hundred battle-fields of
this terrible war.
" Butthis is recognition." It is not formal rec-
ognition, to which I will not consent. Recogni-
tion now, and attempted permanent treaties about
boundary, travel, and trade, and partition of Ter-
ritories, would end in a war fiercer and more dis-
astrous than before. Recognition is absolute dis-
union; and not between the slave and the free
States, but with Delaware and Maryland as part
of the North, and Kentucky and Missouri part
of the West. But wherever the actual line, every
evil and mischief of disunion is implied in it. And
for similar reasons, sir, 1 would not at this time
press hastily a convention of the States. The
men who now would hold seats in such a conven-
tion, would, upon both sides, if both agreed to
attend, come together full of the hate and bitter-
ness inseparable from a civil war. No, sir; let
passion have time to cool, and reason to resume
its sway. It cost thirty years of desperate and
most wicked patience and industry to destroy or
impair the magnificent temple of this Union. Let
us be content jf, within three years, we shall be
able to restore it.
But certainly what I propose is informal, prac-
tical recognition. And that is precisely what ex-
ists to-day, and has existed, more or Jess Refined,
from the first. Flags of truce, exchange of pris-
oners, and all your other observances of the laws,
forms, and courtesies of war are acts of recogni-
tion. Sir, does any man doubt to-day that there
is a confederate government at Richmond, and
that it is a " belligerent?" Even the Secretary of
State has discovered it at last, though he has writ-
ten ponderous folios of polished rhetoric to prove
that it is not. Will continual war, then, without
extended and substantial success, make the con-
federate States any the less a government in fact?
" But it confesses disunion." Yes, just as the
surgeon, who sets your fractured limb in splints,
in order that it may be healed, admits that it is
broken. But the Government will have failed to
" crush out the rebellion." Sir, it has failed. You
went to war to prove that we had a Government.-
With what result? To the people of the loyal
States it has, in your hands, been the Government
of King Stork, but to the confederate States, of
King Log. " But the rebellion will have tri-
umphed." Better triumph to-day than ten years
hence. But I deny it. The rebellion will at last
be crushed out in the only way in which it ever
was possible. " But no one will be hung at the
end of war." Neither will there be, though the
war should last half a century, except by the mob
or the hand of arbitrary power. But really, sir,
if there is to be no hanging, let this Administra-
tion, and all who have done its bidding every-
where, rejoice and be exceeding glad.
And now, sir, allow me a word upon a subject
of very great interest at this moment, and most
important it may be in its influence upon the fu-
ture—foreign mediation. I speak notof armed
and hostile intervention, which I would resist as
long as but one man was left to strike a blow at
the invader. But friendly mediation—the kindly
offer of an impartial Power to stand as a daysman
between thecontendmgparties in this mostbloody
and exhausting strife—ought to be met in a spirit
as cordial and ready as that in which it is prof-
fered. It would be churlish to refuse. Certainly,
it is not consistent with the former dignity of this
Government to ask for mediation; neither, sir,
would it befit its ancient magnanimity to reject it.
As proposed by the Emperor of France, I would
accept it at once. Now is the auspicious moment.
It is the speediest, easiest, most graceful mode of
suspending hostilities. Let us hear no more of
the mediation of cannon and the sword. The day
for all that has gone by. Let us be statesmen
at last. Sir, I give thanks that some, at Jeast^
among the Republican party seem: ready now to}
lift themselves up to the height of this great argu*
ment, and to deal with it in the spirit of the pa-*
triots and great men of other countries arid ages*
and of the better days of the United States. , ^
And now, sir, whatever may haye been.- the
motives of England, France, and the other great-
Powers of Europe, in withholding recognition so
long from the confederate States, the South and the
North are both indebted to them for an immense
public service. The South has proved her ability,
to maintain herself by her own strength and re-
sources, without foreign aid, moral or material.
And the North and West—the whole country,in-
deed—these great Powers have served incalcuabl y t
by holding back a solemn proclamation to the
world that the Union of these States was finally
and formally dissolved. They have left to us
every motive and every chance for reunion; and
if that has been the purpose of England especially
—our rival so long; interested more than any other
in disunion and the consequent weakening of our
great naval and commercial power, and suffering,
too, as she has suffered, so long and severely be-
cause of this war—I do not hesitate to say that
she has performed an act of unselfish heroism -
without example in history. Was such indeed
her purpose? Let her answer before the impar-
tial tribunal of posterity. In any event, after the
great reaction in public sentiment in the North
and West, to be followed after some time by a
like reaction in the South, foreign recognition now
of the confederate States could avail little to delay
or prevent final reunion; if1?as 1 firmly believe, re-
union be not only possible but inevitable.
Sir, I have not spoken of foreign arbitration.
That is quite another question. 1 think it im-
practicable, and fear it as dangerous. The very
Powers—or any other Power—which have hesi-
tated to aid disunion directly or by force, might,
as authorized arbiters, most readily pronounce
for it at last. Very grand, indeed, would be the
tribunal before which the great question of the
Union of these States and the final destiny of this
continent for ages, should be heard, and historic
through all time, the embassadors who should
argue it. And if both belligerents consent, let the
subjects in controversy be referred toSwitzurland,
or Russia, or any other impartial and incorrupti-
ble Power or State in Europe. Butat last, sir, the
people of these several States here, at home, must
be the final arbiter of this great quarrel in Ameiica;
and the people and States of the Northwest, the
mediators who shall stand, like the prophet, be-
twixt the living and the dead, that the plague of
di^nion may be stayed.
Sir, this war, horrible as it is, has taught us all
some of the most important and salutary lessons
which ever a people learned.
First, it has annihilated, in twenty months,all
the false and pernicious theories and teachings of
abolitionism for thirty years, and which a mere
appeal to facts and argument could not have un-
taught in half a century. We have learned that
the South is not weak, dependent, unenterprising,
or corrupted by slavery, luxury, and idleness;
but powerful, earnest, warlike, enduring, self-
supporting, full of energy, and inexhaustible in
resources. We have been taught, and now con-
fess it openly, that African slavery, instead of
being a source of weakness to the South, i.s one
of her main elements of strength; and hence the
" military necessity," we are told, of abolishing
slavery in order to suppress the rebellion. We
have learned,also,that the non-slaveholding white
men of the South, millions in number, are im-
movably attached to the institution, and are its
chief support; and abolitionists have found out,
to their infinite surprise and disgust, that the slave
is not " panting for freedom," nor pining in silent
but revengeful grief over cruelty and oppres-
sion inflicted upon him, but happy, contented,
attached deeply to his master, and unwilling—at
least not eager—to accept the precious boon of
freedom which they have proffered him. I appeal
to the President for the proof. I appeal to the fact
that fewer slaves have escaped, even from Vir-
ginia, in now nearly two years, than Arnold and
Corriwallis carried away in six months of inva-
sion in 1781. Finally, sir, we have learned, and
the South, too, what the history of the world
