THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
control, of the militia of the States in the same
manner that you have of the Army and Navy.
I admit that I should be perfectly satisfied, and
I think it would be more appropriate, if the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Virginia stop-
ped at the word "execution," because, in my
judgment, the defect of the second section is not
that it authorizes an enrollment of the militia,
and prescribes that "all able-bodied male citi-
zens between the ages of eighteen and forty-five
years, except such as may be exempt therefrom
by existing laws of the United States," arc to
be enrolled. That, certainly,is within the power
of Congress under the clause of the Constitution
that was read by the honoiable Senator from
Massachusetts, which gives you power to pro-
vide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia. I do not doubt that; but so much of the
second section as provides " that the President
shall make all proper rules and regulations for
enrolling and drafting the militia of the United
States, and otherwise putting this net into exe-
cution," I consider beyond the pale of the Con-
stitution, on both of the grounds stated by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, and on another
to which he did not allude; and, first, as to the
power.
The power is given in the eighth section of the
first article of the Constitution " to raise and sup-
port armies, but no appropriation of money to
that use shall be made for a longer term than two
years." That of course is not the power under
which it is intended to sustain this order, because
this applies to the militia of the United States.
Then comes the power " to piovide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppiess insurrections, and icpel invasions." It
is not under that power, certainly. Then comes
the clause, for you must take them all, " to pro-
vide for oiganizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and for governing such part of them as
may be employed in the service of the United
States, reserving to the States respectively the
appointment of the officers, and the authority of
training the militia according to the discipline
prescribed by Congress."
Mr. President, you must talie that whole
clause together. What does it mean? It means
that Congress can by law provide for the organ-
ization, for the arming, and for the mode of dis-
ciplining the militia; but it leaves the execution
ofthe law, by the appointmentof the officers and
the carrying out of the training of the soldiers, to
the States alone. This bill, in its second section,
proposes to authorize the Piesideut of the United
States to make any ordeis that he pleases, "all
proper rules arid legulatioris for enrolling and
uiafting the militia of the United-States." Sir,
apart from the question that the power belongs
to the States beyond what the action of Congress
itself prescribes, where did you ever un ive at the
conclusion that a power given to Congress can
be delegated to the President to exemse in his
discretion? Let me put a case; suppose that
Congress were to pass a law declaring that the
President might make all necessary and proper
inies for the regulation of the land and naval
forces, would that be justified by the Constitu-
tion? You are told that you have the power to
do it; it is a legislative act; the iules arc to be
prescribed by law. Can you delegate the law-
making power to the Executive of the United
States, to be exercised at his disci etion ? If you
can, you can delegate the power of making appro-
priations out of your Treasury at his discretion,
you may delegate the whole mass of your legis-
lative functions, and the lesult is that he becomes
the rati re, absolute ruler of the people. I do not
think the Constitution meant in that language
giving the power to Congress as a clear legisla-
tive power, that Congress should delegate to the
Executive of the country the right to prescribe
rules and regulations for organizing, arming, and
disciplining the militia. To be sure, he is the
executive officer to carry out the enrollment, the
arming, and the disciplining under your law, sub-
ject to the reserved right of the States to train the
soldiers when Tfnder discipline under the rules
prescribed by Congress; but with the discipline
itself lie has no control, for that is reserved to the
States^
I submit, sir, that if ever there was a case in
winch the principle delegatus uon potest delegari
applied, it is exactly the case of the first part of
the second section of this bill. You might as well
pretend to delegate to the President absolute dis-
cietionary power to make your rules and articles
of war as to delegate to him the power to make
all needful rules and regulations for enrolling and
drafting the miiiua. You are bound yourselves,
if you exercise that power to the extent of your
constitutional authority, to prescribe by law the
j mode in which they are to be organized, in which
they are to be armed, in which they are to be dis-
ciplined; but to the States is reserved the right to
train them under that discipline; and you have
the right to provide by law that they shall be
called forth; but you cannot, under the Constitu-
tion, delegate to the President of the United States
the power to make all needful rules and regulations
to enroll and draft at his pleasure. I think the dis-
tinction essential to be observed, unless you mean
to delegate to the President of the United States
entire and absolute control at his pleasure over
every citizen of the United States between the
ages of eighteen and forty-five years. I would
intrust such a power to no man. I do not think
the Constitution meant to intrust such a power.
I look upon this section as exceedingly danger-
ous. I speak not of its intent but of its effect;
and I speak not of the motive, or of any probable
action of the Executive of the United States; but
neither to him nor to nny other man would I in-
trust a power such as is delegated by this section,
which would be liable to the abuse of entirely
ovei riding the authority of the States in reference
to the nnhtia, which are their forces, not yours,
winch you have a rit^ht to call for; butthcieisno
meaning in the language if the phiase "to call
forth the mi!nia"does not apply to the respective
States. There is no necessity for the provision
otherwise. You have a light to call for them in
addition to your rii^ht to raise armies. Armies
you may raise of your own authority. The mi-
litia belongs to the States ; you may call for them
from the Slates.
But again, sir, every word of that clause must
have its influence in giving it interpretation. You
are " to provide for organizing, arming, and disci-
plining the miltim,an<i forgoverningsuch partof
them as may be employed in the service of the
United States." Yet this bill in its fourth section
undertakes to govern men before they arc in the
employment of the United Slates, and that too by
military law. The clause excludes necessarily, by
the terms of the grant, all power of the Govern-
ment over the militia until they are in the employ-
ment of the United States. J f the President of the
United State* can have powergranted to him upon
Che enrollment and draft (which is nothing more
than an order to the pai ty to appear) before a man
is in the employment of the United States, to gov-
ern him, and tu govern him by military law, how
can that be consistent with that provision, which
you must lead as a whole, which says that you
may provide for governing them, not when they
are not in your service, but for " governing such
pait of them as may be employed in the seivice
ofthe United States."
You have not the authority, then, in my judg-
ment, to govern the militia of the United States.
You may provide for their organization; you may
provide for their enrollment, which is part of the
oiganization; you imiy piovide for aiming them;
you may provide the mode and manner in which
they shall be disciplined ; hut you cannot execute
that by your own Executive; it is left to the States
to do it themselves, the authorities of the Stales
being in express terms authouzed to doit. You
may provide for the government of such part of
them as are employed in the service of the United
States. Does that include the right to place the
entire control overall citizens between eighteen
and forty-live in every State at the mere discretion
of the President, whether they have been mustered
into the seivice or not? Is it not an abuse of terms
to say that they are m the employment of the Uni-
ted States, because he has had them drafted under
his discretion >
Therefore, sir, on the double ground that it is
not within your power to govern them until they
are in your employment, (then you may make
them subject to the rules and articles of war, no
doubt,) and that it is not m your power to dele-
gare your authority, even to the extent to which
it exists, to the Executive of the United States,
but you are bound to prescribe by law how the
militia shall be called forth from the States, I shall
vote for the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Virginia. This is not a Government of gen-
eral powers. The language of the first section of
the legislative clause can leave no shadow of doubt
on that question. It provides simply that "all
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested
in a Congress of the United States, which shall
consist of a Senate and House of Representa-
tives." Not all legislative powers, but the " le-
gislative powers herein granted;" and when you
come to deal with the militia, you mustdeal with
them under that clause, for that is the clause which
gives you the power. Take it all; do not read a
part and say you have power to organize. Cer-
tainly you have, and to enroll is part of the or-
ganization. I concede it. You can prescribe the
mode of organization, but you must take the whole
clause. You have power to organize, to arm, and
to discipline, but the execution of the power of
discipline under the rules prescribed by you (not
by the Executive, as this bill provides) is intrusted
to the States themselves, as well as the appoint-
ment of the officers.
Mr. Piesident, I should have been able to pur-
sue these objections moie at huge had I supposed
this bill would come up to-day; but I was very
desirous of looking at the past history of the
country before discussing it. I have a strong rec-
ollection that this question was well and ably dis-
cussed in Congress many years ago, on a bill
which was proposed for the legulation of the mi-
litia of the country, and which ultimately, I be-
lieve, was rejected, I do not know whether by
veto or by the action of Congress. I recollect very
well—I think it was Mr. Poinsett's bill—that the
bill was ultimately rejected and never became a
law. The discussions at that day which I read
as a young man, made on me a profound impres-
sion as to the extent of the poweis of Congress-m
relation to the militia of the United States. 1 have
since had occasion to look at the clause of the
Constitution, and that 1 think is very clear. The
Army of the United States is the creature of the
Federal Government altogether; it has the power
to raise armies, and to provide for their support;
but the militia of the United States are the forces
of the States, and these forces were not meant to
be given to the Federal Government except as to
the power of prescribing rules for their organiza-
tion, arming, and disciplining, and the power, in
certain cases, to call them forth. All else is left to
the States. They are a State force, to be under
State training in the execution of the discipline
prescribed by act of Congress; and when called
forth, the call must made on the State. Tins
is my view of the true construction; and it is one
that I think has been acted upon in the past his-
tory of the country in several instances. My only
regret is that I could not have anticipated that this
bill, so important in its characteristics, and which
was only intioduced on the 28th and leported on
the 31st of January, should be pressed at so early
a period.
For the reasons I have stated, if the honorable
Senator from Virginia will modify his amend-
ment so as to strike out all of the second section
down to the words 44 execution and,"in the fourth
line, I think he will reach what is objectionable
on the point of unconstitutionality in the section.
I do not doubt that the enrollment of the militia
in all cases to include the aMe-bodi^d citizens be-
tween eighteen and forty-five is perfectly within
the power of Congress, because they have aright
li to prescribe who shall and who f-hall not be m-
!! eluded in an enrollment That is part of the or-
ganization, and that rule may be prescribed by
act of Congress. That leaves nothing to Execu-
tive discretion. The first part of the section is in
my judgment not only unconstitutional, but dan-
geious, because it is a degree of power I would
trust to no man whatever. With these remarks
I shall vote for the amendment as it is, because
the other words to which 1 do not object, it stricken
out, can be supplied afterwards.
Mr. CARLILE. I accept the modification. It
is the fitst part of the section I want to get lid of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any objec-
tion to the modification of the amendment? The
yeas and nays have been ordered, and therefore
it requires unanimous consent to allow the amend-
ment to be modified. The Chair hears no ob-
jection. It will be so modified.
Mr. NESMITH. I regret, sir, that what I con-
ceive to be my duty to the country compels me to
