APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 22,
Win Cong....3d Sess.
% Bankrupt Law—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Reps.
ages ago, and our o\vn history might have taught
us, thai servile insurrection is the least of the dan-
gers to which she isexposed. Hence, in my delib-
eratejudgment, African slavery,as an institution,
will come out of this conflict fifty-fold stronger
than when'the war began.
The South, too, sir, has learned most important
kssons; and among them; that personal courage
is a quality common to all sections, and that, in
battle, the men of the North, and especial! y of the
West, are their equals. Hitherto there has been
a mutual and most mischievous mistake upon both
sides. The South overvalued its own personal
courage,and undervalued ours, and wc too readily
consented; but at the same time she exaggerated
our aggregate strength and resources, and under-
estimated herown;and we fell into the same error;
and -hence the original and fatal mistake or vice of
the military policy of the North, and which has
already broken-down the war by its own weight—
the belief that we could bring overwhelming num-
bers and power into the field and upon the sea,
and crush out the South at u blow. But twenty
months of terrible warfare have corrected many
errors, and taught us the wisdom of a century.
And now, sir, every one of these lessons will profit
us all for ages to come; and if we do but reunite,
will bind us in a closer, firmer, more durable union
than ever before.
1 have now, Mr.Speaker,finished what I desired
to say at this time, upon the great question of the
reunion of these States. I have spoken freely and
boldly—not wisely, u may be, for the present,or
for myself pcisonally, but most wisely for the
future and for my country. Not courting cen-
sure, I yet do not shrink from it. My own im-
mediate personal interests, and my chances just
now for the more material rewards of ambition,
1 again surrender as hostages to that giucat hkuk-
aftkr, the echo of whose footsteps already I hear
along the highway of time. Whoever, here
or elsewhere, believes that war can restore the
Union of these States; whoever would have a war
for the abolition of slavery, or disunion; and he
who demands southern independence and final
reparation, lot him speak, for him I have otfended .
Devoted to the Union from the, beginning, 1 will
not desert it now in this the hour of its sorest trial.
Sir, it was the day-dream of my boyhood, the
cherished desire of my heart in youth, that I miirht
live to see the hundredth anniversary of our na-
tional independence, and, as orator of the day,
exult in the expanding glories and greatness of
the still United Wutes. That vision lingers yet
befote my eyes, obscured indeed by the clouds
and thick darkness and the blood of civil war.
Hut, sir, if the men of this generation are wtse
enough to pmiitby the hard experience of the past
two years, und will turn their hearts now fro nil
bloody intents lo the wordsand arts of peace, that
day will hud us again the United States. And if
noteailier, as I would desire and believe, at least
upon that day let the great wot k of reunion be con-
summated; that thencefoi th, for ages, the Slates
and the people who ahull fill up this mighty con-
tinent, united under one Constitution, ami in one
Union, and the same destiny, shall celebrate it as
the birthday both of independence and of the Great
Resto ration.
Stt, I repeat it, we are in the midst of the very
crisis of this revolution. If, to-day, we secure
peace and begin the work of reunion, we shall
yet escape; if not, I see nothing before us but uni-
versal political and social revolution, anarchy,
and bloodshed, compared with which the Reign of
Terror in Fiance was a merciful visitation.
HAVKKTTPT LAW.
SPEECH OF HON. WTLLIAM ALLEN,
of oino,
in* the iiolbe of ilei'kl. sjin't ativiis,
January '22, 161)3.
The IJ« usr bring in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, said:
IMr. Chairman: I embrace the opportunity
atfoided while in the Committee of the Whole to
submit some remarks upon the subject of a bank-
rupt law, and upon the bill pending in the House,
a/* reported'by the gentleman from New York
[Mr.RoscoE Conkling] from the select commit-
tee heretofore appointed on that subject. Ever
since the first session of the present Congress there
has been a " clamor" in certain directions' for the
enactment of a bankrupt law; yet, until the pres-
ent session, the subject has seemed to attract but
little attention on the part of cither branch of Con-
gress. I have entertained the opinion alt the while,
however, that such a law would be passed before
our final adjournment, and that the delay to which
I have referred was no evidence of a lack of de-
termination on the part of the majority of both
branches to pass it. If it should fail to pass, I shall
be most agreeably disappointed. If the measure
be defeated i shall consider it one redeeming act
on the part of the majority, who have adopted so
many measures detrimental, as I think, to the in-
terests of the country.
I am not surprised to see gentlemen sustaining
this bill who hail from the great commercial cities,
where the influence of the only class of men who
will b<5 benefited by it is to be felUuid feared; but I
am surprised that gentlemen who represent agri-
cultural districts should consider it a duty to give
their support to such a measure—one which has
always been, and always will be, denounced by
the honest masses of the peopie. Twice in the
history of the country has such a law been en-
acted, and in neither instance was it permitted to
remain on the statute-book during the period of a
second Congress. The first law of this character
was passed in 1800, and repealed in 1803; and the
other was passed in 1841, and repealed in 1843.
Public opinion, formed upon a prevailing sense of j|
justice among the people, in both instances de~
mended its iepeal,and it was repealed; and now,
after a lapse of twenty veais since any serious at-
tempting been made to introduce such u measure,
it is proposed to revive this monstrosity under the
usual plea of a ''public necessity."
We are told that the law was not in force long !
enough at cither of the times to which i have al-
luded for all its benefits and blessings to be real-
ized; that the law of 1841, in particular, was not
in force a sufficient time to be fairly tested. And
we ai e called upon now, in t he midst of our exper-
iments with " breech-loading cannons," " presi-
dential proclamations," and other experiments in
%t military operations," to once more try the ex-
penmem of a bankrupt law. Sir, the experience
in this measure litis already been too dear to thou-
sands o( our countrymen who are yet to be found
all over the land, who were well-nig;h depitvedof
ail they posrtesM*d by the htw of 1841, and who
are to-dav in lismti d circumstances, (when they
might, but for that law, have been independent,)
while their haughty debtors live in luxury ai.d
look with contempt upfln the unfortunate men
whom they have defrauded through the instru-
mentality <>f that unjust law.
Sir, a law founded upon such injustice and in-
equality a-: all bankrupt laws in this country must
necessarily be needs no test; its unfairness and
injustice aie appai cut at once. It is said the law
of 384J was imperfect. It must ncct-ssai ily be so,
for all bankrupt acts are wanting in a most essen-
tial attribute of all wholesome laws, and that is
justir.p. A law which permits a debtor to wipe out
all his debts, and deprive his creditois of their just
dues for all time to come, no matter how poor they
may be, nor how wealthy he may become, cannot
be justified befoie (he honest people of this coun-
try on any giound whatever.
It is claimed that the people, at this particular
ci ims, demand the law, and we aie referred to a
Sat i c number of petitions on file in this House and
in the Senate as ev idence of that demand. I do not
believe the people demand anything of the kind.
These petitions furnish no evidence of such a
dem md. They are mostly the results of the per-
sistent eilbits of a class of men m the commeicial
cities, who, in the midst of their financial mm,
have saved enough means belonging to their cred-
itors to employ the ngertoies which have put these
pennons m cu dilation, a nd have followed them to
the Capitol, to persuade us that it in of the utmost
importance to the country that this law be enacted.
In this connection I desire to read from a cor-
respondence in the Philadelphia Evening Journal
the following:
"Mr Editok : Having noiie^d In tho'Journal moip ■
straightforwaidness, honeot expression of opinion, ami 1
(though I regret to say it) unwelcome truths than In nil of
our papers pur together, 1 am inclined to believe that you
will allow me a small corner of youi papei to express my
opinions on the bankrupt bill, though I may differ m toto
from you.
" For some time past great efforts have been made by a
few interested parties in this city to manufacture public
opinion, in which they have failed completely ; nine tenths
ot (he community aie a^ a unit against the parage of a re-
trospective bill, the other tenth agam^t the passage of any
bill, save the dishonest debtors who, though abundantly able
to pay their obligations in lull, make no attempt in that way.
What do we sec daily in our stieets? Men who, in 1857
and I860, allowed then paper to go to piotest, driving their
fast hoi sen, theii families luxmiating in handsomely adorned
equipages and living in the most spicndid munsioiH our city
can boat?t of. These aie not isolated eases; the same facta
apply in ail of oui laige cities, which any ot our Representa-
tives in Congres-b can leain by mqmiy of hone.-t debtors
who are not advocate? of the parage of a bankrupt law.
"Let our Representatives, Colonel Biddle and W. D.
Kelley, make inquiry; let the Repicsentattves of other
constituencies, both city and country, do Iikevvi.se, and they
will find ^Uat the law has no advocates except the dishonest
debtors: the few who have really signed the petitions by
constant impoi tuning, did so more to i id themselves of being
tioubled than for any love they had for the law.
k< 1 say above, really signal, foi it is a well-known fact
that we have a manufactory in this city (which may be the
ca«e in others) where these petitions were turned out ill
any quantities requited, and J venture the asseition that
not one name in ten is genuine on the petitions from this
city.'"
I will admit there are those who have lent their
influence to this measure who are not embtaeed
in this category. There are some persons in the
cities and commercial districts who expect to re-
ceive ad vantage from the trade created by the resus-
citation of some of these failing debtors; yetneither
their private interests, nor those of the other class
referred to, are sufficient to justify a law so man-
ifestly unjust to a larger portion of the people of
the country. Neither is thatidea that is advanced
sometimes, that theie is a vast amount of business
talent in the country which is locked up and un-
available for the want of such a law—one that will
permit men to swear out of their debts and do busi-
ness on others'capita I, while they receive the en tire
benefit—a sufficient icason for the passage of this
measure. If theelas^of persons who are to take
the benefit of this law expect under its provisions
to honestly suirendei all the property they liavcf*
liable lor the payment of debts, to an assignee to
be distributed among their creditors, they will have
no capital with which to canyon business, and
will still ha\e to occupy the position of clerks,
agents, &.c., which it is said they aie now com-
pelhd to occupy on account of their embarrassed
circumstances;.
If, on the other hand, they expect to carry on
business with the property and money thev are
now concealing from their ereditoi s, and desire lo
openly use and control that pi operiy without pay-
ing their debts, (hey are too dishonest to bo enti-
tled to relief at the hands of Congress. If ihese
men have business talent, they certainly have not
all the talent oT the country, and their places can
be supplied by those who have as much capacity
and more honesty than the last class I have re-
fened to. The business talent of the countiy is
as near commensurate with the capital of the
country as it has ever been. The capital and
wealth of the country are not locked up, if the tal-
ents of these men aie. The great trouble now is
that wc have more business talent than we have
"capital.
No " crisis" in the history of a Government
can justify it in promoting injustice betwe< n its
citizens. On the contrary, in a time like the pres-
ent, as at all times, it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to stimulate its citizens io'tiie utmost good
faith with each other, as well as with the Gov-
ernment. We have heard much of frauds and
peculations upon the public Tieasury. and of un-
faithful public officials, and yet wo are about to
pass a law which encourages citizens to violate
their obligations to each other. Why should we
complain about individuals acting in bad faith
wall the Government, when we license them to
do so with each other ?
A few weeks since a paymaster in the Army at
Cincinnati, Ohio, is said to have been a defaulter
to the Government in the sum of £250,000—money
which it ipsaid he had gmnbh d away. And we aie
cahed upon to adopt some stringent measures to
protect the Government fiom such losses m 'hw
future. Now, would any one for a moment pro-
pose that Congress should pass a law by which
