714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
n>ol>—wiii be disbanded, and you will ho coin-;
pelled to raise another. How arc you going to
raise Do you piopose to laise itby volunteer-
ing? You will* never raise any more Volunteers
as long as you exist as a Government under the
policy which has been adopted, mid the manner
in which the war has been carried on. It was cal-
culated to degrade and make men unsoldieriy if
they entered the service as soldiers. It would have
destroyed the best army in the world. The orders
which have emanated from this^city, from the
heads of Departments and the Executive here, are
sufficient to make the best men in the world un-
soldieriy. It would degrade and demoralize the
Old Guard of Napoleon. It would degrade and
demoralize any sort of soldiers, i am in favor of
this bill because I think it will remedy some of
these evils. I do not suppose it will remedy them
all. I do not suppose it will reach the head of this
Government. I do not suppose it will reach the
power that appoints incompetent generals, and
which pardons men who have been found guilty
of thieving from the Government, after they had
been tried and convicted by a court-martial. I do
not presume that it is within the power of Con-
gress to pass any bill which will remedy the de-
fects at the head of affairs; but it is within the
ptfwer of Congress to do something to aid in en-
forcing discipline in the Army, and for that rea-
son I support this bill.
The discussion, I am sorry to perceive, has
assumed a very wide latitude. I have, perhaps,
taken somewhat of a wide latitude myself, but I
have done so because I do not propose to say any-
thing more about it hereafter. I do not caie
whether the men who are engaged in the prosecu-
tion of this war are Republicans or Democrats, and
I do not think there was any necessity for bringing
in such matters. I have been here about two
years, *md I fhink the affairs of my State, or I
should rather say the State which I, in part, try
humbly to repiesent on this floor, have occupied
the attention of Congress about two hours during
the two years. 1 propose to say all I have to say in
relation to this matter at the present time. The
negro question has been dragged into the debate. I
have never mentioned it before here and hardly
everelsewhere. Sir, the people whom 1 in paitiep-
resent 1 believe arc as loyal as any people within
this Government, and I may be pardoned for stat-
ing here what I conceive to be their views in rela-
tion to this war. They look upon the resolution
which was adopted by Congress in July, 1861, as
embodying the correct doctrine in relation to this
war. They have looked upon the war up to this
time as being prosecuted for the purpose of re-
storing the Union underthe Constitution as it was.
They depiecate any othet policy. They are op-
posed to all schemes of ematici pat ion by this (gov-
ernment. They arc opposed to all schemes for
interfering with the condition of the negio further
than as his condition may be changed by the pio-
gressof the war. They are. m favor of leaving the
negroes and the negro owners to such results as
may follow from the rebellion. They will never, in
my opinion, consent to the prosecution of the war
for the. men* purpose of emancipating slaves.
When yon declare that this war ceases to be a wav
prosecuted for the purpose of restoring the Union
under the Constitution, with all the i ights of the
States that they had at the commencement of the
war, my p-ople—I should Nay the people ofOre-
gou, I do not claim them to bemy people—m my
opinion, will deprecate anvsuch conclusion; and
for my own pat t I shall feel it to be my duty to
votea2,amst} iantingsupplies of men or money for
any such purpose; and yet while the war is prose-
cuted for the ostensible purpose of putting down
the rebellion i feel it to be my duty not only to
vote men and money, but to vote whatever aid is
in my power to make the laws winch ate passed
here effective for the purposes vvlmh we contem-
plate.
The VICE PRESl D11NT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
CARULE. j
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 33; as follows:
YE —"Mcs^r-s. B.u aid, ('at hie, 0<i\ i-, ilick-. Kennedy,
Latham. Powell, [(ice, Uu-mud-Mi. tvuibluny. Tuque,
Wall, Will \, iiutl Wil-<iii o  .Mi-.-omi—1 1
YAY.-5 —M-'v-as. Anthony. \i:ioi.l. t'uaii'ih i, Cl.uk.Co!
! en"!, C"U m, !>i\on. Dooittiie L'''- •< nd-'n. Too!, £\Mcr,
Hal'1. IIuhImu. Harlan, Hani;., lit i:dei>on. Now
Bid. UoWo, Lauo ui' Indiana, JLduu of lvnic.Uf>, Mor-
rill, Nc*mith, Purm-iov, Sherman, Sunnier, Ten Evck,
Ti umbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wihuot, and WiWouoi Mas-
sachusetts—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CARULE. I shall not detain the Senate.
I indicated my intention to move to strike out
some three other sections. I merely desire now
to record my vote in opposition to the fourth sec-
tion. I therefore move to strike out that section,
and I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment
to the sccond section before the question is taken
on the fourth section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's mo-
tion will be in order after the present question
shall have been taken. The motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia is now before the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. I am in favor of striking out
the fourth section; but 1 should be glad to substi-
tute in lieu of it the fourth section of the act ap-
proved July 29, 1861, which I will read:
" Sec. 4. Jl nil he it further enacted, That eveiy officer, non-
comim^ioncd officer, or private of the mihua, who shall
tail to obey the older1* of the Protident of the United States
in any ol the case., befoie imtcd, shall forfeit at>um not
exceeding one yenr'1* pay, and not less than one month's
pay, to he defeiiriitied and adjudged by a eourt-marti.il, and
he incapacitated tiom holding a commission in the militia
lor a teini not exceeding twelve months, at the discretion
of the court; and such non-commissioned officer and pri-
vate shall be ii.ible to impugnment, by a like sentence, on
failure of payment of the fines adjudged acain^t them, for
one calendar month lor every twenty-five dollars of f-ueh
fine."
1 may say that tho section which I propose to
insert in lieu of the fourth section here is taken
almost in hcec verba from the act of 1795. I be-
lieve that the only difference is that under that act
the recusants were imprisoned for a month for
every five dollars of the fine that was in arroar.
In 1861 we altered it by making the imprisonment
one month for every twenty-five dollars of the
fine that was in nrrear.
Now, sir, I have had some little experience on
this subject, because in Pennsylvania there was
a draft made under existing laws, and we saw the
obstacles we encountered, and what difficulties
there were in the way. I am very clear that if
this fourth section is retained nothing could be de-
vised which would be more oppressive upon the
people,and better calculated to excite resistance on
their part. Why ? Hecause it proposes to change
the whole mode and manner which this Govern-
ment has adopted from the very beginning for the
purpose of calling the militia into the field in^de-
fense of the country. It proposes to substitute
what, 1 venture to say, no Government in Europe
to-day would dare to think of; that is, a forced
conscription in the room and stead of that will-
ing set vice which eveiy good citizen physically
able in always willing to give to the country. By
the old law, when a draft was made, the net was
thrown around a county, as in the case of the
county in which 1 live. 1 think there were seven
hundred men drawn, six hundred able-bodied.
Mr. DAYARD. Allow me to ask the Senator
what he means by " the old law."
Mr. CO WAN. The act of 1795, and others
which followed.
Mr. BAYARD. Has there ever been any draft
made by the United States Govei nirient uudei that
act?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. UAYARD. I should like the honorable j
Senator to refer me, if he can, to a precedent of a I
diaft made except under a State government. I ;
should be glad to see it. ;
Mr. COWAN. The drafts were made, I think, j
at the call of the United States, but under the rules
and regulations of the State governments. j
Mr. BAYARD. The State government exc- ;
cuted the di aft altogether. 1
Air. COWAN. That is true: but I shall come '
to speak of that after a little. j
Air. HAYARD. That is just the point of differ- j
ence between us. j
Air. COWAN. Very well. As I said before, !
there weie about seven hundred men diawn in my j
county. After the di awing, and after the pi ace of ;
rendezvous was appointed and the men assem- i
bled, there were about six hundred able-bodied .
men appeared—and L will venture to say as good j
men as are now m the scivice of then* oounuy j
anywhere, and they weic men of all political par- |
, ties and of all the various shades of opinion—who 1
came up voluntarily to serve the country in pur-
suance of the call made upon them by the Pies-
ident: but there were about one hundred, pet haps
more,who were unwilling to obey that call. Now,
what kind of men were they? There were, per-
haps, ten or a dozen of them who had been over-
looked by the examining physician, whose busi-
ness it was to see that all the names put in the
wheel, and from which the draft was made, were .
able-bodied men, capable of performing military
service. The commissioner refused to release
them or discharge them, and they were sent away
at a very considerable expense some thirty or forty
miles to a rendezvous, and theie a new examina-
tion took placc. 1 recollect that there was one
man who had a hand mutilated. He was drawn,
and ho had to go away at an expense to the coun-
try of perhaps twenty dollars, and of five or ten
or fifteen dollars to himself in order to be relieved
from the responsibility imposed upon him by this
draft.
Then, sir, there was another class of men, and
of them there were some forty or fifty, who were
willing to say " i am loyal; I am patriotic; I de-
sire to serve the country; but you know, every-
body knows who knows me, that 1 am not capac-
itated; I am not a soldier; I am more frightened
now, perhaps, at this draft than I ought to be if
a soldier in the presence of the hostile aimy; what
am I to do; am 1 to be dragged into the Army,
compelled to take the oath, and be .subject to the
rules and articles of war? If 1 am, 1 am of no
kind of possible use to the Government or any-
body else m that capacity." I was colled upon
for my opinion on this subject, and J referred
them to the law that we passed in July, ]8<>1. I
instructed these people in this wise: " What the
Government wants now is tho gamecocks, not the
dunghills; the men who can fight, not men who
are useless in the Armyand in the camp; go home,
and when you arc court-martialed, appear before
the court, state the circumstances of your ease,
and they will graduate the fine according to the
guilty degree of your delinquency."
Then there was another class of men. I recol-
lect there was a man who called upon me to in-
form me that the very night he was drafted his
wife died, leaving four little children upon his
hands. Said he: " What can I do; 1 cannot pos-
sibly leave my home and my family and go into
this service, when otherwise I would go; but lam
told that I am obliged to go; this is a foiced con-
scription." I found there was a vast number of
mischievous people, some of them really hostile
to this Government, who were making a  reat
deal of capital out of the fact that the President
and Secretary of War had come to the conclusion
to override this section of the act of July, 1861,
and compel this consciiption. In this case, tins
veiy man who was unable to leave his family—
and he was as good and respectable a man as ihere
was in the countiy—I suppose would ha\e made
a good soldiei, found himself, lie thought he
must either go himself, get a substitute, oj come
into collision with the authoiities. lie bflieved
he could do nothing else.
Tins course begat m that State a new kind of
tiader called a substitute broker. As soon as the
ad terrvrem system had nsen to its height, and as
soon as it seemed to be understood that 11*« Gov-
ernment was detei mined to foict men into the
Army whether they would oi not, that it w,is not
going to rely on the willing soldiei alone, ihe.se
substitute brokers made their appearance. A gen-
tleman came from a neighboring city with iw enty
or thirty ragged rascals, moie than likely men
who had volunteered befoie and had de^Hrd,
men who had no character whatever, men who
had made themselves meichamiise in the hands
of this broker—he made his appeal an ce with these
fellows, and then he went to woik with the innid,
with the men who were m stunts, and wnh the
man whose wife died on the night he wav draited,
leaving him with his little children on his hands,
and that man, hi order to escape from wha' he
saw an impending difficulty befoie him, contact
with the provost marshaljConuvt with the author-
ities of the United States, paid $1,000 in omer to
get one of these vagabonds to become his .substi-
tute. What was the consequence? The substi-
tute went into camp and in thiee days he was
none. It l:* more than likely that he went from
Pittsburg to Harnsbui g, to be sold again as a sub-
stitute. Not one out often of the substitutes ever
