62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Cong....3d Sess.
The War—Mr. Conway.
Ho. of Reps.
personal, possessed by him, ami which he could have law-
fully hold, sold, aligned, or convoyed, or which could have
been taken in execution of any judgment or decree against
him at the time of the tiling of the petition by or against him;
all the property conveyed hy the bankrupt in fraud of his
creditors, all rights in equity, choses in action, patents, and
patent lights and copyrights; all debts due him, or any per-
son for his use, and all liens and secuiities therefor; and
all his rights of action for property or estate, real or per-
sonal, and for any cause of action which the bankrupt had
against any person ; all his rights of redeeming such prop-
erty or estate, with the like right, title, power, and authoi-
ity to sell, manage, dispose of, sue for, and recovcr or de-
fend the same, as the bankrupt might or could have had if
no assignment had been made, shall, 111 virtue of the adju-
dication of bankruptcy and the appointment of his assignee,
be ar once vested in the assignee; and he may sue for and
recover the said estate, debts, and effects, and may prose-
cute and defend all suits at law or in equity pending at the
time of the adjudication in bankruptcy in which such bank-
rupt is a party in his own name, in the same manner and
with the like effect as they might have been by such bank-
rupt."
Upon examination of this section of the bill I
think it will be conceded that, according to a fair
construction of the language, there would be a
question as to whether the assignee could sue for
one description of property, from which in most
cases more would be realized to creditors than from
all other sources, and that is in cases of fraudulent
conveyance of property, in such cases the debtor
himself has no right of action, but his creditors
have; and therefore a power conferred on the as-
signee to sue the same as the debtor could have
done if no bankruptcy had taken place is insuffi-
cient. Thus a conveyance made by a debtor in
fraud of his creditors is absolute and irrevocable
as to him, and only void as to his creditors, who
may institute proceedings in equity to set the con-
veyance aside, and subject the property conveyed
to the payment of their claims. The power to sue
should be conferred upon the assignee in bank-
ruptcy to the same extent that creditors would
have in such cases; not only should a discretionary
power be conferred, but on demand and indemnity
offered by any creditor for costs sustained it
should be the duty of the assignee to commence
and continue actions to find judgment for the pur-
pose of reducing to his possession, for the benefit
of creditors, nroperty fraudulently convoyed or
concealed. Creditors in many cases may have a
full knowledge of property and effects in this con-
dition which should be subjected to the payment
of debts, but by the adjudication in bankruptcy
they me prevented from proceeding in any manner
to reach these equities; and unless the duty of su-
ing for property and effects in such cases is made
imperative upon the assignee, the creditors must
suffer a great diminution in their dividends. If the
assignee is only required to take charge of such
properly of the bankrupt as may be recovered by
a soil at law, or may be liable to execution, the
dividends will in most eases be quite insignificant.
Jt may be claimed that the sect ion quoted is suf-
ficiently comprehensive, but it certainly is not;
and couits will at once say that they aic to ad-
minister the law as they find it, and have no
power to change it, or give it a construction not
warranted by its language. This section is in-
tended as an improvement on the law of 1841,
which did not expressly give the assignee any
control over property conveyed in fraud of credit-
ors, nor over lights in equity; yet, as the section
stands, it will accomplish little more m tins re-
spect than the law alluded to.
The bill fails m anoiher icspect to accomplish
what it attempts to for the benefit of creditois.
The twenty-first section provides, on the applica-
tion of creditors or their assignees, for the exam-
ination on oath of the bankrupt upon all matters
relating to the disposal or condition of his prop-
erty, to his trade and dealings with others, and
his accounts concerning the same. It further pro-
vides—on the like application of the assignee or
creditors—that the attendance of any other per-
son as a witness may be required by the court;
and that if such person .shall fail to attend on be-
ing summoned thereto, the court may compel his
attendance, &c. Hut, by a subsequent clausc in
the same section, it will appear that the most im-
portant class of witnesses in these cases—at least,
who should be constituted witnesses—are ex-
empt from being compelled to attend as such, no
matter how important the evidence which might
be elicited from them, and that is the wife of the
bankrupt, when he has one, It is true, the policy
of the laws usually forbids the wife from being a
witness when the husband is a party; but cases
occur frequently when, by reason of the fraudulent
conveyance of property by the husband to the
wife—through the intervention of a trustee or
otherwise—for the purpose of placing it beyond
the reach of creditors, it is important that the testi-
mony of the wife should be had. In fact, the
wife is the most usual custodian of the property
of the husband which he may wish to conceal
from his creditors. The bill seems to presume
that cases may arise in which the testimony of the
wife may be important, and purports to provide
for her attendance in the following language:
<{ On the application of any creditor, and on such reason-
able notice as the court may direct, any bankiupt may be
required to bring his wife before the court, to the end that
she may be examined as a witness ; and if such wife do not
attend at the time and place specified in the order, the
bankrupt shall not be entitled to a discharge, unless he shall
prove to the satisfaction of the court that he was unable to
procure the attendance of his wife."
-Now, as there is no law in the land that gives
the husband any power to compel the attendance
of the wife in such cases, nor by which he could
produce her, as provided by the act, except by
her consent, the consequence will be that she will
never consent when there would be the least danger
of her testimony disclosinganythingprejudicial to
her interest or that of her husband, and to the ad-
vantage of creditors. And the husband need only
prove to the court that his wife declines to appear,
as required by the order of the court, to leleasc him
from further responsibility. Her refusal to appear
might, to all appearances, be contrary to his desire,
but would in reality, in general, accord with it. If
it be the intention of the framers of the bill to give
creditors the benefitof the testimony of the wife in
any case, some power should be conferred upon
the court to require her attendance at once, and not
raquire the bankrupt to do that which would be an
impossibility in all cases in which the procedure
would be of any avail to creditors. This provis-
ion of the bill, as it now stands, mustever be a nul-
lity, and should either be amended or stricken out;
as, like some other clauses in the bill, it makes a
show of fairness to creditors, while it in no way
aids them in protecting themselves from the gigan-
tic frauds to which they must continually be vic-
tims under this bill if it become a law.
I will not, however, dwell upon the details of
this bill. It may be perfect of its kind, although
it seems to me not above criticism, I object to
it as a whole. I am opposed to any law on the
subject. There is no general demand for it; no
necessity for its passage now or at any time. It
will but add to the general confusion that now
prevails in our governmental machinery; it will
create the necessity for the appointment of a large
number of officers throughout the country, in ad-
dition to those winch already burden the people.
The duties of the Federal courtswillbe increased,
and the number ofjudges will have to be increased
in proportion. While the measure may relieve
some worthy debtors, it will open the door to gross
fraud and corruption; and thus, while it may inure
to the benefit of one man, it will injure a score of
others. It will encourage a spirit of speculation and
prodigality, already too great in the country. It is
legislating for a few at the expense of the whole peo-
ple of the country. I would gladly aid in affording
relief to the unfortunate debtor at all times, when
consistent with duty; but creditors have rights
which we are not at liberty to in vade. It is no
fault of the creditor that his debtor is unable to
meet his liability. If the creditor cannot secure
his claim by process of law, it is his misfortune,
and he must do without it; and if the debtor, by
reason of embarrassment, is unable to engage in
business on a scale suited to his ambition and ca-
pacity, he must be content to operate within a
sphere suited to his means. In most instances
there is a disposition among creditors to be gener-
ous with unfortunate debtors. Those in business
can and do feel for those unfortunate in business,
and creditors frequently compromise and release
when thedebtor surrenders what property he has,
and acts in good faith toward them.
When creditors are disposed to be less liberal,
the laws of the Stairs will not tolerate oppression;
but few, if any, of the States permit imprisonment
for debt, except in cases of fraud; and in most of
them liberal exemptions from execution are al-
lowed. It has been said that creditors desire this
law, as the ad vantage they would derive in business
in the commercial cities with those who are tied
down by their indebtedness would more than com-
pensate for the loss sustained by creditors. In those
cases let the creditors release their claims if they
desire to do so, and, if the trade of these insolvent
debtors will justify it, they may aid them in dis-
charging the claims of those who cannot afford to
release; but let the release in all coses be voluntary.
Let no man claim that his qualifications are so
valuable to the commercial world, that fail when
and as often as he may, at whatever cost to confid-
ing creditors, his obligations shall in every instance
be canceled, that he may resume business without
those inconveniences which men are subject to who
are indebted without the means of payment. The
honest debtor will seldom desire such a law;
neither would it at all times be for his advantage
that it should exist. Creditors do not desire it, nor
do the people require it, and Congress should not,
in my opinion, enact it.
With these general objections to this measure,
I shall be content to record my vote-against its
, and abide the result.
TIIE WAR.
SPEECH OF HON. M. F. CONWAY,
OF KANSAS,
In the House of Representatives,
# January 27, 1863.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union-
Mr. CONWAY said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 had the honor to submit to
this House, several weeks ago, a series of resolu-
tions, asserting, among other things, that it was
inexpedient to wage this war for the purpose of
restoring the Union; that the restoration of the
Union as it existed prior to the rebellion, would
be a greater calamity than the rebellion itself; that
the seceded States could not be subdued but by
being assailed upon principles of ordinary war-
fare as between separate nations; and that it was
a matter for serious reflection whether the right-
ful authority of the nation could be reestablished
without a change in the;)ersonnd of the executive
department. Members of the House, on both
sides, were exceedingly swift to testify their op-
position to such views; and my resolutions were
laid on the table by a vote of 132 to 1.
I may here remark that these propositions were
not designed to be immediately put to a vote of the
House. I requested and expected thereto be
placed with similar resolutions offered by other
gentlemen, in order that they might come up at
the proper time for discussion. I made no ques-
tion of the justice of the House, nor of its court-
esy." if my opinions were peculiarly my own,
this only rendered it the more necessary that
I should explain them before action was taken.
Nevertheless, I make no complaint. The House
is the best judge of what most befits it in such a
case. I have only to observe and regulate my own
conduct, and leave others to look out for theirs.
But it may not be ami.ss to remember that one man,
with the Almighty on his side, is in a majority;
and though unanimously voted down by Houses
of Representatives never so often, comes up each
time again and again with renewed power, until
finally he rises triumphant over all opposition.
My faith is not shaken in the slightest degree
by the disapprobation of this House, nor am I
deterred from an elaborate repetition of my views.
Sir, in my judgment, this war has not been con-
ducted with any purpose of securing triumph to
the national arms or the subjugation of the public
enemy. At no stage of its progress has the Ex-
ecutive sought the conquest of the South.
His exclusive aim has been to restore the con-
stitutional relations of the people of the seceded
States to the Government of the Union; and this
he has endeavored to accomplish rather by hold-
ing back than marching forward the armies of the
Republic into the enemy's country, and putting
him down.
The President has not seemed to regard himself
authorized to make war on the slaveholders, if,
by other methods, he could induce them to return
