1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
availed the Government at all; and by taking this
course, the citizens were compelled to pay enor-
mously for them, If it had not been for that sub-
stitutes could have been gotten perhaps for about
the amount of the fine; but as soon as the sharp
people, the brokers, found that they had " a good
thing" of it, they pushed it to the utmost.
That is the effect of aforced conscription. If it
is attempted in Pennsylvania to force and compel
everybody drawn to go into the service and take
the oath, [ am not prepared to answer for the con-
sequences. But if the draft is made as it ought
to be—and there are plenty of old men m every
neighborhood who recollect the way in which
drafts were made before, when timid people and
people who could not go were allowed to pay their
fines, and they can tell how it was, and satisfy the
people there is no innovation, so that all will be
satisfied and cheerfully submit.
Therefore, sir, what I propose is, that the fourth
section be stricken out, and that the law as it has
stood ever Since 1793 be substituted in place of it.
Where is the difficulty? There is no difficultym
making a draft that 1 know of, in my State at
least, if it is made according to the law. When
a man comes to inquire, and you read him the
law, whether it be the law of the State or the law
of the United States, he submits willingly, but
when he understands that the law is different, and
that the authorities are disregarding the law, or
putting such a construction upon it as operates
hardly on him, it is natural to suppose that he
will grumble; and this grumbling, after it accumu-
lates, will amount to resistance, which when once
it begins to show itself who is prepared to say
when or where it will end?
Then, I am asked, how are men to be got? We
drew for seven hundred in my county. We got
six hundred good men. There was the wheel lett
full of good names in it. 1 had supposed that a
court-martini would be convened; that the delin-
quents would be fined; and that then the^whccl
would be turned again to supply the deficit; but
the thing was managed in such an awkward and
blundering manner, and so much feeding and ex-
citement was got up about it that, to this day,
those who refused to obey that call, those who
were legally drawn and failed to respond, have
not been brought before a court-martial, and no
fine has been levied; and a great many who found
that the Government,from its timidity and weak-
ness. was not able to enforce its improper orders
in that behalf, left the place of lendezvous and
went home; and some men, who would otherwise
have jimeoii and served the country well, when
they found that the delinquents escaped without
fine and without punishment, left the rendezvous
and ramc home,becoming delinquents themselves.
Now, I should suppose that when a drawing
has been made, 110 reasonable man will expect that
out of a population of sixty or seventy thousand,
you will i^et all soldiers the first draw, i should
not think anybody would expect that: but if you
draw for seven hundred, you may, as we did, get
six hundred, and then your wheel remains out of
which you can draw the remaining one hundred,
and tin: remaining onehundred ought to be drawn
It is due to the men who go into the field when a
draft is made, (hat the draft be fully nuide—that
they be all there. By reason of not drawing the
one hundred, which is the deficit, you may de-
feat (he operations of the six hundred ^ood men
who go faithfully to seive. But I object, to any
man's being subject to the rules and aitieles of
war unless he isa willing man. 1 know of no way
of defending this Govei nnient except bythowill-
ing soldier. [ did not suppose that anybody
dreamed that it could be done by men who were
to be foiccd into the service. Ot what use would
a soldier be, when you had compelled him to go
from his home against his will, compelled him to
take an oath, anil of what binding (bice and val-
idity would it be: Can any man answer?
NGSMITH. 1 best to susst-H that th-
jl,,  
sonthei n confedeiae.y make capital soldiers ofmen r heretofore. 11 ther
in that way. !i has made no proMsion
Mi. COWAN. 1 would answer the honora-
ble Senator from Oiegon lliat if the stuff is down
thcie to make soldieis out of that matenal, wo
have 110 such material in tile North 0! which to
make them. I am peifectly willing to admit that
England bv lmpi csscd s'wmen gained many ofher
mosi important naval \1ct011es; but fnt the last
hundred years no king ot England, no Parliament
of England has ever allowed impressment for the
land service. It would not be dreamed of.
I say further, that 1 think if gentlemen will take
the pains to examine, they will see that no Gov-
ernment 111 Europe would undertake a forced con-
scription of this kind. I*hear it said that theie
is in France a forced conscription; but it is not. It
it not only not forced, but it is adjusted with the
greatest care, so as to fall lightly on the families
of subjects. I know many cases, however, 111 our
mode of drafting, where an old man had four sons,
and three of them were serving 111 the ranks of
our armies as volunteers, and the draft came along
and took the fouith one, while his neighbor just
next door to him having four sons, and no one of
them in the Army, escaped. By the French law,
all this is avoided; and a great many provisions
are made by which it may fall equally upon the
subjects, and without oppression upon any.
I trust, then, that the Senate will pause and hes-
itate before itundertakes to confer any such power
upon the Government as this. I hope it will re-
quire these drafts to be made as they have been
wont to bo made, as the people have been accus-
tomed to have them made, as it has been under-
stood in all time that they were made; and then
I venture to say that the people will submit and
you will get good men, men who will fight your
battles and be of some service. But if you re-
soit to harsh means, you will disaffect and divide
our people at home, you weaken the strength of
the Republic in its most vital parts, and the men
when you have them in your Army, these forced
men, these soldiers that you are to get to defend
this great and glorious Republic by forcing them
into it, will only disgiace you when they gettherc.
Now, with regard to the sccond section, I have
a word to say. I think that section ought to be
amended, and for this reason: last year we pro-
vided by law that the President should have the
right to make such rules and regulations as would
enable him to enroll the militia in any State where,
by reason of defects in the laws in that State or by
defects 111 the execution of them, such enrollment
could not be made. I think the Administration
committed a blunder when the Pi esident under-
took ill Pennsylvania to make these rules and reg-
ulations—where we had acts of Assembly upon
the statute-books which were understood by the
people—for the purpose of making that enroll-
ment, and the difficulty resulted just in this way,
and the gentleman will understand it the moment I
state it. Our peoplearean inquiring people. When
tfieiip is a new duty required of them, or when
there is a new burden imposed on them, they want
to know how it is. They go and inquire, and they
consult as a matter of couise their counsel, then-
legal advisers, about these things; and 1 know that
a great deal of bad f< cling was created in my State
because the people found that General Thomas
they supposed that he was at the bottom of the
most of it—made the laws instead of the Legisla-
ture of the State; that they were to bo enrolled
according to certain lules and regulations pub-
lished by the War Department and signed by
General Thomas. The question was asked every
day, " why are we not enrolled according to our
own law, according to the State law; now, we
have one most elaborately minute, providing for
every possible case and every contingency; why
is this enrollment not made under it: Is !t bo-
cause the President desires the appointmentof an
examining su rgeon to go over the county from ene
little town to another to examine the exempts:
Is it because he desires lo appoint a commissioner
to make these drafts and prtvost marshals to ex-
ecute them
I It is very difficult to answer these questions.
1 You may assure people that there is no such de-
sign; but lliey aie very apt to attribute to ihose
I iifauthority the intention to do that which is the
natural result of what they do. 1 would, there-
fore, very much pielor thai the law should be al- ^
. lowed to remain in the present bill ns it has been j
if there is « Stale m the Union which I
fur enrolling its militia, if:
it has no machinery for th:it purple, then, as a [
matter of couise, nobody will complain it we au- i
linn ize the Pi esident to moke such rule* and i> gu-
lationsas will secure the emolhm nt, because these J
ai c minisK nal acts at any 1 ate. 'lhe old law pro-
vider fui that matfer. Th<* pru'i^nui was ample ;
for the uurpose. It
cution of thera, in the several States, or any of thorru it
<-haN be found necessity to piovide for einolimg the nuJLua
and otlu'.i wise putting this act into execution, the President
is authorized in such cases to make all nece^ary rule-* and
regulations; and the enrollment of the militia ^hail in ail
eases include all able-bodied male citizens between the
ages of eighteen and forty-five, and shall be appomonea
among the'States according to representative population.
tlie purp<)
'if b} iuas.on of delects in cxMing l.u\s, 01 in lliu exe-
I think this a reasonable provision; one which
will give no offense; one which the people will
bear without any grumbling; butwhere the State
has made laws, where it has provided for the en-
rollment, 1 think it is far safer for us to resort to
those laws and let the State authorities furnish the
men upon our call.
I hope that the fourth section will be stricken
out, and that in lieu ofit will be inserted the fourth
section of the act of July 29, 1861. The motion
of the Senator from Virginia, as i understand it,
is to strike out the fourth section.
Mr. CARLILE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. 1 should like to amend that
amendment by proposing to insert, in lieu of that
section, the fourth section of the act of July 29,
1861. . .
Mr. CARLILE. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. COWAN. As to the second section, I
should like to have it modified.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, while he is up, that if the
theory he advances in relation to the manner in
which this Government is to be defended is cor-
rect, there is no necessity for any draft at all. He
says this great and glorious Republic,about which
we have heard so many 4th of July orations, is
to be defended by volunteer soldiers. If that is
so, we had better cease legislating on the subject
of drafts, and defend it by volunteer soldiers. He
complains that in Pennsylvania those men who
were drafted and failed to respond to the call were
not punished, and he says that cieated dissatis-
faction. This section of the bill which he pro-
poses to stiike out is introduced for the purpose
of remedying that very evil. He says that those
men who were drafted and who faded to take the
oath, and were not mustered into the service, were
not punished. For the very best reason in the
world: because they could not be punished. This
section of the bill provides that they can be pun-
ished and they shall be punished. You may dratt
a man; you may segregate him from the popula-
tion, and say to him, (* you are in the service of
the United States;" but you cannot swear a man
into service by the foimahty of an oath, beeau.se
the oath is a matter which depends on his own
volition; he will take the oath or not,as he pleases;
but you can make a soldier of him,and force him
into the service of the United States, and demand
that he shall render the service which is due from
him as a citizen to the Government, without his
taking the oath. Therefore I say, upon the Sen-
ator's own reasoning, if the country is to be de-
fended in the manner and by the means which he
designates  
Mr. COWAN. I should like to know whether
I am to answer a speech or a question; becausc
if the speech continues much longer, I shall forgot
what the question was. I am asked why we should
resoit to diafting if it is only the willing soldier
who is to defend the Commonwealth. I see no
great difficulty in answering that. Why is it that
we resort to levying taxes? The taxes are paid
willingly; but we do not depend upon voluntary
contributions in order to sustain and suppoit the
Government, although I suppose, by a \riy^dis-
tinct and definite appeal to the pultmtiMn of the
country, they might keep it going ioi awhile on
voluntary contributions. But drafting isic&orted
to m order that the burden may fall equally on
the whole community, and that all nwn may be
appealed to in this way. I am v< ry free now to
say that I think it would have been bettei for this
Government to icsort to a draft at fust.^ 1 think
we should ha\e avoided the very difficulty of
which the gentleman complains in hit* s,'< cell, the
difficulty of a want ofdisciplntr inoui- Ai my ; and
to what can that be attributed? To the ..yMem
of voiunteei m<£. Eveiy < <iptam who iai-<'s a c un-
puiiy is obliged, in the iirst place, to llaU-i the
iecru it, to dunk with him, tin ow hi"-1 arms ;irotind
his neck, i^o hei<■ and th<'ie with him, until he gets
him to the" rendezvous and gets him inusterid into
tlie scr\ice; and then when he is? about to put the
harm on him, when he is about to compel him
to discipline, the man revolts, and it i.. guen up;
