1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
The War—Mr. Conway.
Ho. of rlrrk
t) their allegiance. He has, therefore, sought to
exhaust every other agency before showing even
a disposition to resort to vigorous action in the
field.
Even for his late proclamation of emancipation
he seeks justification on the exclusive ground of
its absolute necessity to the end of restoring the
Un ion.
To this policy I have been strenuously opposed
from the commencement of this war. J have
regarded it as utterly unsound in principle, and
calculated to produce consequences the most dis-
astrous.
I have not regarded the seceded States, during
the period of civil war, as having any constitu-
tional relations whatever; nor have I regaided the
leniency and procrastination of the Executive as
calculated to have any other effect than defeat to
us and ultimate triumph to them.
Sir, I am not in favor of restoring the constitu-
tional relations of the slaveholders to the Union,
nor of the war to that end. On the contrary, I
am utterly and forever opposed to both. I am in
favor of the Union as it exists to-day. I am in
favor of recognizing the loyal States as the Amer-
ican nation, based as they are on the principle of
freedom for all, without distinction of race, color,
or condition. I believe it to be the manifest des-
tiny of the American nation to ultimately control
the American continent on this principle.
I conceive, therefore, that the true object of this
war is to revolutionize the national Government
by resolving the North into (he nation, and the
South into a distinct public body; leaving ns in a
position to pursue the latter as a separate State.
I believe that the direction of the war to any other
end is a perversion of it, calculated to subvert the
very objcct it was designed to effect.
To my apprehension, this war is a manifesta-
tion of northern power, impelled by natural forces,
seekingembodirneritin a national form, and aspir-
ing to the dominion of this continent. It is the
result of an idea, and of northern growth and char-
acter. ft seeks to create anew. "North" and
"South" are primarily geographical terms, but
with us they are likewise political words, denot-
ing political systems developed through the oper-
ation of our Federal Constitution,and founded on
different social organizations. Until recently, the
North had never possessed any other than a merely
subordinate political existence. It consisted of
fifteen States, with a population of twenty millions
—all the elements of a ruling nationality—a soil
and climate adapted to the production of bound-
less wealth—all the refinements of a high civili-
zation in abundant measure—schools, colleges,
churches, scicnces, literature, art—besides im-
mense resouices and capacities for war. Never-
theless, it had no distinctive political character.
It was more southern than northern; nay, it was
altogether southern. The idea of the South was
slavery, and the existence of slavery icquired it
to suboidinate all parts of the nation to its own
will and purpose. And so the North was over-
ruled and assimilated by the South.
But this fact eventually precipitated a revolu-
tion. It furnished the North with the motive, the
justification, and the instrumentality of self-devel-
opment.
National organization proceeds on an idea which
forms the basis of a nation and determines its char-
acter. Commonjusticeand self-defenseareusually
the simple ends of government; but a loftier im-
pulse will likewise produce its appropriate organ.
A great people, impelled by a strong, deep, and
abiding: puipose, will effect an external form fo
correspond therewith in spite of all impediments.
Fieedom for the American continent became
the ideaof the North—a grand, inspiring idea, and
utterly incompatible with the existence of the
South as a political system. It became the basis
of a great party, jnd soon expanded into a vast
movement. It went on conquering and to conquer.
Th is necessitated a revolution and a new order.
This involved war as an instrument of revolution
and regeneration.
The honorable member from Ohio [Mr. Val- ;
i.andigh am] ascribes to this movement a Puritanic
origin. He is mistaken. The Puritan may have
done many good things, and some bad ones; but
it is highly unjust to give him the credit of this. !
Massachusetts, it is true, has taken the lead of late '
years in anti-slavery agitation, and has done much
—altogether more than any other State. I enter
into no discussion with the gentleman as to the
merits of the Pilgrim fathers. That is not in the
way of my purpose. But whatever the settlers
of New England may have done or left undone to
justify the gentleman's vituperation, they have
certainly not failed to do that which entitles them
to honor and respect from all mankind, to wit:
transmit to their posterity an abiding love of jus-
tice, and eternal hostility to any form of tyranny.
But, sir, I claim for this idea of continental free-
dom a southern origin. Virginia was its birth-
place; Thomas Jefferson itsauthor. In the days
of Jefferson, the Old Dominion was the foremost
State in America, and entitled to take the lead in
shaping the destinies of the continent. It was Jef-
ferson who first charged it as a crime upon the
British king, fiis attempt to fasten slavery on the
virgin soil of the New World. It was Jefferson
who proclaimed, with the rest, through the im-
mortal Declaration of Independence, the inalien-
able rights of human nature. It was Jefferson
and Virginia who gave up the vast territory of the
Northwest, and, under the glorious ordinance of
1787, dedicated it to freedom forever.
Sir, this was the system of the revolutionary
fathers of the South; and it will not do for gen-
tlemen to attempt to stigmatize it by referring it
to any narrow or sectarian source.
The work of the North to-day is to organize the
nation on the identical principle of the Jeffersonian
ordinance of 1787, to the end of ultimately bringing
the whole continent under its beneficent sway.
The first step, therefore, which should have
been taken in the progress of the war, was to ac-
knowledge a revolution, to recognize the South
in its new character, to assume the North to be
exclusively the nation, and then to pursue the
war for conquest, or notpursue it at all,as might
have seemed most expedient and proper for the
time being. ^
But, unfortunately, those to whom the conduct
of this great transition was committed have not
seemed to comprehend their work. They have
disowned the revolution. They have used the
war as far as possible to defeat it, and restore the
old system.
It is evident to me that this policy will prove
disastrous. The war in the hands of those now
in authority has an inevitable tendency to defeat
the North, to remand it back to its former sub-
serviency to the South. Its manifest effect is to
produce a reaction through which a new party
will come into power, pledged not to northern na-
tionality, but to the old Union ^t any price. The
war seems to be supported not only by the Oppo-
sition, but also by the Administration, for the
most part, with reference to this result.
In this view I maybe mistaken. I shall rejoice
if my error be demonstrated by events. $ut I
shall endeavor, in this speech, to set forth the
reasons for the faith that is in me. In the event
that I am correct, however, I say to gentlemen of
the Republican party that they will be compelled to
change their base of operations. Public opinion
will demand a new programme. I am now in a
minority of one in this House; but after the 4th
of March next, unless my judgment be sadly at
fault, I shall stand with the great body of the peo-
ple of the North, insisting upon a cessation of
hostilities.
The slaveholders inhabit the country extending
south from Mason and Dixon's line to the Rio
Grande, and from the Atlantic ocean west to the
Rocky mountains. This area is divided into fif-
teen parts, and the inhabitants of each are organ-
ized into a political body called " a State,"mak-
ing in all fifteen " States." Left to themselves,
these " States" have power simply within their
own limits and over their own resources. Butin
the Union they are invested with power enough
to govern the whole country from the Rio Grande
to the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
The Constitution is the instrument in which
the conditions of the Union are laid down; and the
Constitution provides that these " States" shall
each have two votes m the national Senate, a cer-
tain number of votes in the national House of Rep-
resentatives, and votes in the choice of President
equal to their combined votes in the Senate and
House.
Accordingly, something like five thousand
slaveholders, more or less, living on a few-aorta
of land near the mouth of the Delaware rfakr,
ganized into and denominated the " State'ct^Dgfr
aware," are entitled to one vote in theHotise*
votep in the Senate, and three in the electoral
lege. About forty thousand on the Chesapeake
Bay, organized into the " State of Maryland/*
are entitled to six votes in the House, two in thei
Senate, and eight in the electoral college. Those
organized as " Virginia" are entitled to thirteen
in the House, two in the Senate, and fifteen in the
electoral college; those as?" North Carolina," eight
in the House, two in the Senate, ten in the electoral
college; as "South Carolina," six in the Housfe,
two in the Senate, eight in the electoral college; as
"Georgia," eight in the House, two in the Sen-
ate, ten in the electoral college; as " Florida," one
in the House,"two in the Senate, three in the elect-
oral college; as " Alabama," seven in the House,
two in the Senate, nine in the electoral college; as
" Mississippi," five in the House, two in the Sen-
ate, seven in theelectoraicollege; as "Louisiana,"
four in the House, two in the Senate, six in the
electoral college; as "Texas," two in the House,
two in the Senate, four in the electoral college; as
" Arkansas," two in the House, two in the Sen-
ate, four in the electoral college; as "Tennessee,"
ten in the House, two in the Senate, twelve in the
electoral college;as "Kentucky,"ten in theHouse,
two in the Senate, twelve in the electoral college;
as " Missouri," seven in the House, two in the
Senate, nine in the electoral college.
Now, these votes rolled up into one solid body
constitute the slave power. They are the elements
of that power. They exhibit slavery in its char-
acter of apolitical force; and, as Wendell Phillips
says, have kept New York and Boston mortgaged
to secure title to field-hands in South Carolina.
They have elected our Presidents, controlled our
legislation, inspired our whole system. Through
this voting power, slavery has assimilated the na-
tion; developed it into its own form and substance;
made it to obey its impulse and represent its char-
acter.
This is the old Union. This is what the war
is to restore. It is to reinvest the slaveholders
with power to dominate the rtation under the forms
of a 'common Government. If the Constitution
had never been adopted by the slaveholders, this
power would never have existed. Since they
have repudiated it, it has ceased to exist. And
unless we compel them to accept it again, the
slave power is dead and gone forever in America.
I cannot conscientiously give my support to a
policy that proposes to enforce such aresumption.
On the contrary, I insist that that policy shall be
abandoned, and future action proceed upon the
fact of the independent nationality of the North
in the Union.
But the honorable gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] says that this is a proposition
to dissolve the union. In this the honorable gen-
tleman will permit me to say that he does not fairly
represent the proposition.
It may not be out of place to say that, notwith-
standing my hostility to the slave power, I am not
now, nor have I ever been, a disunionist. It is
true, I have never allowed myself to indulge in
that superstitious idolatry of the Union so prev-
alent among simple but honest people, nor that
political cantabout the Union so prevalentamong
dishonest ones. I have simply regarded it as a
form of Government, to be valued in proportion to
its merits as an instrument of national prosperity
and power.
In my opinion the Union, at the time of its for-
mation, was well adapted to the condition of the
country, and was a wise and noble work. The
advancement of the several States, however, in
population, pursuits, resources, and power—the
multiplication of States—the rise of special inter-
ests—the growth and spread of slavery—and the
profound sectional antagonism which sprang up
between the North and South, wrought an im-
mense change—a change not foreseen by the found-
ers of the Union—rendering their system far less
beneficial than in the earlier years ofits existence.
Nevertheless, as the lawfully existing form of
national organization,! ever rendered it due alle-
giance. When the southern rebellion arose and
menaced the Union, I stood, in perfect faith, with
