64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
STtn' Cong. ... 3d Sess.
The War—Mr. Conway.
Ho. of Reps.
tb$ Union and against the rebellion. My record
a member of this House will so attest. In Au-
fust, 1861, I voted to place at the disposal of the
ixecuuve five hundred thousand men and five
hundred' million dollars, to make the Union good
against insuirection.
Jut the honorable gentleman, I imagine, be-
longs to that numerous but steadily decreasing
eigss who think, or profess to think, that the old
Union is still in existence—a class of persons who
Continually suggest the remark made of the Bour-
bons, that they " never learned anything or forgot
anything."
Sa*, it would be^absurd for any one to suppose
that the former or*the existing Union, or any de-
scription of government ever known among men,
coufcl be dissolved by any action proceeding from
•within itself. The honorable member from Ohio,
[JXdtr« Cox,] in his able speech of December 12,
truly said that there was no power in any depart-
ment of this Government to effect a separation of
the States. The Government of the Union, like
all well-regulated systems, provides for its own
Ojnendment, but in no manner whatever contem-
plates its own destruction. The charge of the
gentleman from Tennessee implies that either I
or he supposes that the Union might be dissolved
by a resolution of tins House. I will not intimate
such a reflection upon lus good sense, and can
only repel any such upon mine.
Sir, the single power adequate to a disruption of
this or any other Government is that of revolu-
tion. Revolution is the highest law among men,
because it is the law of force—of the inevitable.
It makes and unmakes nations; it is the sanction
of all Governments. It is perfectly legitimate,
because it is an appeal to that, ultimate power of
a State, of which the State itself i.s but the organ
and representative. The success of the appeal
proves the validity of the result, because it ex-
presses elementary force. Accordingly, a levolu-
tion accomplished is recognized by publicists as
settling ail questions of authority 01 jurisdiction.
Now, the war which has come in between (he
North uiid South for the past two years has made a
revolution, it has substituted in the South another
Government fur that of the Union. This is the
fact, and the fact in such a matter is the import-
ant thing. It settles the law. No technicality
in a question of this kind can stand. The war has
utterly dissolved th.'connection between the North
and South, and rendered them separate and inde-
pendent Powers in the world. This is the neces-
sary legal effect of civil war anywhere. It makes
(he belligerent parties independent for the tune
being, and, unless the one succumbs to the other,
they continue independent of each other forever.
The principle is laid down by Vuttel as follows:
(i When n nation become- divided into two pintie?-, abso-
lutely independent, ami no lonjrci acknowledging a com
men s-uperioi, the State in dw-olved, and the wai between
the two panic- stiimh upon the same ground, in every re-
npeet. a- a pnhlie war between twodiilorent nation-.J1—
Jfaok III, chup. J7, p. 428.
It is not to be wondered at, therefore, that so
learned and profound a jui ist as the honorable
member ft mn I'ennsy I van la [Mr. Stevens] should
express the same opinion.
A. belhgeiciit Power is an independent State for
belligerent purposes, or pui poses of war; and be-
ing an independent .State is no part of any other
State. Tile South has not, theiofoie, been any
pait of this Union since fust it became a military
power, and set its formidable armies in the field
to approve us right to continue a nation. Theie
are three steps to be taken by any body of peo-
ple proceeding irom a state of dependence to one
of independence in their public relations. These
thiee steps are: fiiM, insurrection, which implies
no national development, but only the prelinnn-
aiy unsettling of the old order. This may be put
down by reading the not act, and invoking the
posse comilatus. Second, belligerency, which im-
plies a complete imlitaty otgainzation, and such
civil functions as may be necessary to a nation m
time of war. Dunng this stage, a people are as
entirely independent as they can ever be. But
the question of their independence is in dispute.
They may maintain it, or'not; but for the time it
i-> an indubitable fact. They at once assume their
piopor place m the woiid,and lank with nations
of the oiliest date. Their intercourse with all
mankind, including those with whom they are at
war, is such as nations hold—an intercourse regu-
lated only by that high code known as the law of
nations. The third and last form of this progres-
sive development is that of absolute nationality,
when the war is at an end. The question is set-
tled. The national existence is no longer disputed,
because its power to be is vindicated and estab-
lished. It then becomes a nation for peace, as it
was before a nation for war, and this simply be-
cause if necessarily falls into a state of peace,since
war is no longer its business.
The/aft accompli of the diplomatists, it is true,
signifies that period at which absolute and undis-
puted nationality is achieved by the determina-
tion of men in favor of the new belligerent; nev-
ertheless, the fact of revolution and a new order is
indubitable and undeniable from the moment in-
surrection-crystallizes into a military and civil
organization, and the rights and responsibilities
of the parties are defined and regulated by the law
of nations instead of the local law.
When, therefore, the South became abelligerent
power, and was so recognized and treated by all
the world, including ourselves, it necessarily lost
its place in the Union and became a separate body.
It could not perform a double role among the na-
tions; itwas a physical impossibility for it to exist
in two foims. It could not be in part the Amer-
ican Union, and at thesame time be the confed-
erate States of America. As it was acknowledged
the latter it was necessarily denied the former
character. In securing the position of a belli-
gerent power the South therefore accomplished a
revolution, and was lurned over under the law
of nations to its own individual direction and des-
tiny.
The application of the law of nations to the
circumstances of the case determines the fact, and
leaves us no alternative. The law of nations is part
of our own Constitution. It is part of every na-
tion's constitution. It is the law of each and of
all, and the law of all because rhe law of each.
The sovereign act. which, in adopting the Con-
stitution, created the people of these States a na-
tion, simultaneously constituted the law of nations
their law. It is our own Constitution, therefore,
which makes revolution the effect of civil war,
affixes tho character of nationality to the conse-
quence of revolution, and puts the seceded States
out of constitutional relations with the Union.
Consequently, it is impossible for us to act on tho
assumption that these States are in the Union
without violating the very Constitution which we
profess so much to respect.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thegentleman h s referred
to a remark I made when 1 moved to lay on the
table certain resolutions introduced by him some
weeks since,and which were laid on the table with
icniarkable unanimity. The gentleman did not
understand my iernaiks,or be would not have
represented mu as saying that the Union would be
or could he dissolved by any resolution of this
House; or t hat the southern confederacy could be
established in that way. That was not the pur-
port of my statement. As I recollect the remark,
it was thattbat was the first occasion in this House
of formal action proposed which recognized the
Union as dissolved, and recognized a southern
confederacy—recognized it as a fact existing; a
fact which I then denied, and which I still deny,
although it may be more than Bourbon stupidity
so to regard it. Treason has n< t yet dissolved the
Union, and, Qod willing, it shall never do so;
Mi. CONWAY. I know the honorable mem-
ber from Tennessee has a different theory. The
people of the bolder States, from motives which
aie apparent,and which I will not question, have
throughout insisted that the Union was incapable
of infraction, and that no earthly power could
divest the siaveholdeis of theii constitutional
lights.
The President has adopted this idea, and done
his best to impress it upon t.he public mind as the
inexorable law of the case. His object was to
develop a Union party in the South which should
suppoit his administration. He wanted a base of
opeiations for a pro-shivery Republican party,
alter the manner of the Democracy. He repelled
the idea ot northern nationality as suggesting a
4< remorseless revolutionary struggle,"and sought
to restore southern nationality on his own plat-
form and under his own leadership.
Even as late as last November Federal officers
were still permitted to issue such official orders as
this of General Boyle, in Kentucky:
"All commanding officers serving in this district are or-
dered not to permit any negroes or slaves to eater the camps;
and all officers or private* are forbid to interfere or inter-
meddle with the slaves in any way."
Well may the London Spectator remark, that
" this is one of those innumerable little facts that
show us that statesmanship does not exist at the
North."
This is the reason the war is a failure. The
President has disowned the revolution. He has
perverted the war, as far as possible, to defeat it
and restore the old system. In spue of inevitable
results, he clings with insane tenacity to the idea
that the old Union sull lives; and endeavors to fill
the Halls of Congress and all the Departments of
Government with the representation of the slave
power.
As I stated at the outset, he has not made war
in any singleness of purpose to effect the object of
a war, to wit, conquest. But he has employed the
armies of the nation as auxiliary in a scheme of
political proselytism. He has held up the phys-
ical power of the nation in terrorem over the re-
bellious slaveholders, seeking only to induce them
to return to their allegiance. In all Departments
of the Government, civil and military, but espe-
cially in the* military, his chief appointments were
made to effect this object. With Seward in the
Cabinet, toith McClellan on the Potomac, and
Buell in the West, with the mass of subordinate
officials to correspond, an effectual check was in-
sured to any action so precipitous as to defeat his
exclusive and paramount end. The superior re-
sources and power of the North, and its entire
ability to overcome tne South do not, in my mind,
admitof a question. The difficulty has not been
in our want of means, but in the manner of their
use. All our strength has been required to puss
through executive hands to reach its point of at-
tack, and in so doing has been frittered away and
brought to naught. This is the secret of our
failure.
In forming a judgmental the outsetof the prob-
able result of the war, our mistake was in not giv-
ing sufficient attention to the character of our chief
Executive Magistrate. We surveyed our immense
superiority m the mere material of war, and tii-
umphantly jumped to the conclusion that we
should at once prove irresistible. We forgot that,
notwithstanding our merits or capacities, the issue
turned upon a single pivot.
Mr. Lincoln is evidently not the man for this
occasion. There is not in America at this time
a solid foundation for anything not based on the
idea of North or South, and Mi. Lincoln stands
on neither the one nor the other. I say this out
of no ill will to him. He cannot help himself.
His system is deficient. The revolution which
he is required to conduct is contrary to the laws
which govern him—to his whole organization,
his physical and moral constitution, his training,
his process of thought, his temperament He
cannot comprehend or appreciate it. He is not
a northern man in any sense; neither by birth,
education, political or personal sympathies, or
by any belief in the superiority o! northern civ-
ilization, or its i ight to rule this continent. The
idea of northern nationality and dominion is hate-
ful to him. He calls it radical abolitionism, seek
ing to inauguuite " a reinoiseless revolutionary
sttuggle." JVlr. Lincoln is a politician of a past
age. He belongs to the old Whig party, and will
never belong to any other. He is anti-slavery,
but of a genial southern type. His emancipation
is that of Henry Clay, and will never be sincerely
any other. It is of a gradual and " compensatory"
character. All this was, of course, well enough
in its day and generation. And so was Mr. Lin-
coln. But we are now m a new woild; and all
such politicians as he are a hinderance and a ca-
lamity.
But the effect of this war in the hands of Mr. Lin-
coln is not alone to restore the Union on the terms of
the Constitution as itis; but, if tins cannot be a  -
comphshed, to amend the Constitution in a manner
to satisfy the siaveholdeis, and make the Consti-
tution so amended the basis of a settlement. The
conciliation by which the Democrats are willing to
purchase a reunion goes to the full extent of se*
