1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6#
37th Coug....3d Sess.
The War—Mr. Conway.
Ho. op Reps.
curing to the South, by constitutional provision,
the principle, in some form, of a negative or veto
power on the action of the Government. " Settle
the Un ion,''says the honorable member from Ohio,
[Mr. Vallakdiguam,] "on the original basis of
the Constitution, and give to each section the power
to protect itself within the Union t and now, after the
tumble lesson of the past two years, the Union
will be stronger than before, and, indeed, endure
for ages."
This is the most alarming feature of the case.
The particular form of compromise, however, is
not the important matter. The tendency of the
war is to keep the issue of this great struggle in
suspense, and throw it for final decision into the
hands of political leaders in the next election.
It is not to be denied that the dominion of the
American continent is the fundamental idea of the
American system. It has been at the foundation
of our political existence from the beginning. "It
is an idea lodged at the bottom of the mind of every
American whether he knows it or not, and it can-
not be eradicated. Ours is a union of States, cal-
culated to embrace all American communities in
one grand circle. The principle laid down by Pres-
ident Monroe, that no European Power should
establish or uphold any nationality on this conti-
nent without our consent, proceeds on the same
idea. We are the American people, and must
control the American continent. But the question
of slavery has interposed itself between the Union
and a portion of the States and broken them off,
and we are now struggling to restore them.
There are three methods of again uniting the na-
tion: one is, to crush out the slaveholders by force;
the other, to surrender to them on the matter in
issue; and the third is temporary separation and
final teunion on an anti-slavery basis. There is
a party in the country in favor of each of these
methods. The Republican party are forforcc; the
Democratic for conciliation. The Republican party
consists of those who are opposed, in principle,
to slavery; the Democratic, to those who are not.
They are equally, however, for restoring the in-
tegrity of the nation. Indeed, the instinct of union
and territorial empire is so dominant that the party
of conciliation would adopt force, or the party of
force, conciliation, rather than give up the effort
foi dominion.
The President was elected by the Republicans,
and seems to be their representative. Hiscouise,
however, lias not been such as to promote then-
end. When he came into power the expecta-
tion and logical inference was, that the slave-
holders would be crushed out. The tendency
among the Democrats was then to temporary
separation. But since that time things have un-
deigone a change. The Executive has not made
war upon the South in any proper sense, and the
South has not been crushed out. But, on the con-
trary, it has boldly held its own; and the prospect
of its speedy extinction is not now very brilliant;
consequently the Democrats have tinned round.
They think the Union may yet be restored through
conciliation and compromise. They are not now
in favor of any separation, notforan hour. How
emphatically the honorable member fiom Ohio an-
swered the question put by himself," shall we sep-
arate? No! No! No!" The President has played
into the hands of these gentlemen most completely;
and his ptoposition that the Union is indivisible,
and that the war must be waged only to it-store
the constitutional relations between the Govern-
ment and the people of the revolted States, is en-
tirely in their interest. He has held the issue open.
It is now evident that force, as a continuing ele-
ment in the strife, has spent itself; and that either
conciliation or temporary separation must set lie the
dispute. The Democi ats will not, of course, listen
to separation foran instant. Such a suggestion in
their eyes, now, is treason—a proposition to dis-
solve the Union—for which one ought to be hanged.
They expect the q ties tin n whether the Union U«all
ho restored by force or compromise to be sub-
mitted to the people in the next election; and upon
that to carry the country. Their plan is to op-
pos" the Administration simply on Us anti-slavery
policy. They put in issue the confiscation act,
the Missouri emancipation act, and the President
proclamation of emancipation. These measures
they pronounce unconstitutional,deny their valid-
ity, and every thing done or to be done in pursuance
New Series—No. 5,
of them. In addition to this, they attack the Ad-
ministration on account of its suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus, false imprisonment, corrup-
tion, imbecility, &c., and a thousand other inci-
dents. But on the war and the integrity of the
Union, they are like adamant itself. They claim
to favor the war for the sake of the Union, but to
be for compromise rather than war. They say
very truthfully that the Republicans have tried
force for two years, and exhausted the country,
and upon this claim the adoption of their method
as all that is left to be done. This is the manner
in which the politicians of the country propose to
terminate this great conflict.
It is true that the honorable member from Ohio
[Mr. Vallandigham] suggestsan armistice at the
present time; but I do not see that, in this respect,
he concurs with the rest of his party. I need only
refer to the position of the gentleman's colleague,
[Mr. Cox,] and also to that of the recently inau-
gurated Governor Seymour, of New York; like-
wise that of the honorable member from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Wright,] whose impassioned speech
the other day in favor of the war attracted such
signal attention; and also to the utterances of the
various Democratic newspapers, and the several
recent Democratic conventions and niass meet-
ings in different parts of the country. But even
the object of the proposed armistice is riot to end
the war, but only to suspend it. It is to have
peace, and at the same time to preserve the tech-
nical constitutional Union preliminary to a settle-
ment based on compromises.
An alliance seems recently to have been effected
to this end between certain elements heretofore
hostile. The border State politicians are the rem-
nant of the old Whig and Know-Nothing parties,
who, all their lives, cherished an intense hatred
of the Democracy. They now unite with that
party to effect this object. The Republicans of
the Albany school, under the sagacious leader-
ship of Mr. Weed, who, for lon^ years, fought
the Van Buren regency and finally broke it down
through the agency of free-soil, are also hand in
glove with their old opponents. Thus the army
of the Democracy takes the field for the next great
political battle, supported on the left by the fol-
lowers of Clay and 'Crittenden, and on the right
by the special friends of WiHiam H. Seward.
Such a host may well feel confident. It is a com-
bination for victory. The elements have been well
shaped. Not. in vam have the border State poli-
ticians thronged the halls of the presidential Man-
sion. Not hi vam has the discreet Secretary of
State incuired the reputation of having become
imbecile. Not in vain has the whole Administra-
tion suffered the odium of diifuiig with the tide
for lack of a policy. They could w< II afford to
dispense with the applause of tin- radicals, while
they silently directed that under current which
was to refei thegiganticquestion with which they
would not grapple, to the decision of another
presidential election.
The chief element in the accomplishment of this
reactionary movement is the war which the Ad-
ministration is conducting for the restoration of
the Union. The war is indeed the trump card of
the Democracy; not war for emancipation; not
war for conquest, but Mr. Lincoln's war for the
Union. They have no fear that it will serve the
end of abolition. It has passed that stage. Its
results are now in their keeping. All (hey wish
is its pi elongation. In the fii^t place, it holds the
nation pledged to the ptmciple that the Union is
intact, and the Constitution open to amendment
through southern votes. In the next place, the
responsibility of it being" with the Republicans,
it weakens them sadly in the election. And m
the third place, its effect is to wear away and de-
press the slaveholders , and dispose them in favor
of conciliation. The war, in whatever aspect it
may be presented, is an admirable instrument for
them. If it should happen to meet with unex-
pected success, and defeat the rebel 1 ion, the slave-
holders will be brought back ju«tt u\ time to join
them in the election. If it should lag and accom-
plish no results, as now seems likely, this will
inevitably insure thorn a triumph in the popular
;i vote. Their theory is—-and H is a sound one--~-
<1 that the two forces, abolition and secession, now
|| in deadly conflict, have only to he petmiited to
'' continue the fi«rht long enough to wear each other
out, and cause the political waters to subside to'
their former level.
Thus, on the basis of the war, they have a
complete mastery of the situation,and no earthly '
power can prevent their success.
Nevertheless, without reference to the result o£-
the war, I consider their chance in the elfectron far
superior to that of the party of the Administra-
tion. Great reliance is placed by the latter on the
vote of the soldiers. But, in my opinion, this ia •
delusive. The soldier will be affected ittlike mart-'
ner with the restof the people; and, moreover, will •
be tired of military service, and anxious to return
home. They will be dissatisfied from a thousand
causes and desire a change. The suffering and
indignation yet to be engendered by the unlimited
issue of an irredeemable paper currency will of
itself overwhelm the Administration party and
sink it deeper than plummet ever sounded. But
the Democrats, in my judgment, safely calculate
that they can take issue on any one of a hundred
necessary incidents of the war, and defeat' their
opponents by a large majority.
Such an event would, of course, involve a re-
versal of all that has been done in the interest of
freedom. But its crowning result would be a con-
vention to amend the Constitution as already sug-
gested. Thus, after four years of war vouchsafed
to us by Providence, as an opportunity of deliv-
erance from the domination of slavery, we will
return to our thralldom on terms more irrevocable
and oppressive than ever existed before.
We treat with supreme contempt the proposi-
tion of amending the Constitution in a manner to
leave the New England States to themselves. But
I have no doubt whatever that if the South should
make this an indispensable condition of reunion,
it would be promptly agreed to by this reaction-
ary party. It requires a vote of three fourths to
amend the Constitution at all; but if this can be
obtained for one form of compromise, I see not
why it may not be for another. If it may be had
for legalizing slavet y throuabout the nation, why
may it not be for cutting off offensive members,
and adapting the nation to thatcondition ? Count-
ing the fifteen slave States, it is highly probable
that the requisite vote may bo secured for il com-
promise" in the very worst form in which it can
be presented.
But the simple Republicans seem to imagine
that the {fame is still in their hands. They scout
the idea that the next election is to have anything
to do with it, and profess to think it all settled
by the Piesident's proclamation of emancipation
and their other anti-slavery measures. They
seem to believe that the whole South will bo turned
inside out and rebuilt upon new foundations be-
forethenext election; thatourarmies will advance
victoriously into the enemy's country, capture
Richmond, sweep through the Mississippi valley
to its mouth, lake Charleston, Mobile, Savannah,
and otner strongholds, set the slaves free, confis-
cate the lands, and settle the whole difficulty in
the most radical manner. They have already in-
troduced bills into this House to establish a bureau
of emancipation and for parceling out the confis-
cated lands of slaveholders. But, for my part, i
do not see any signs whatever of this swift con-
summation. 1 have been waiting two years tor
something like it, but it seems further off now
than ever. The President, in my opinion, is a
guarantee against any such result.
But those who cherish this bulliant prospect
entirely overlook, among other important matters,
the tolerably important fact that the war is to re-
store tlte Union, and that should the national
arms be successful, and the southern confederacy
fall to pieces to-moriow, the slaveholders would
at once throw away their secession insignia, and
rally atound the Hag of our Union. This would
be the end of the war, and also the end of the
Republicans, The slaveholder would beat last
convinced of their eiror, and would gratify the
heart of our amiable President by accepting his
m vitation, and returning to their allegiance. I hey
would assume the rights guarantied to them by
the Constitution, Mr. Lincol n would bccome i heir
President, instead of Mr. Davis, arid would be
i requneJ to sustain them m their constitutional
] rights, which of course he would do, as .in duty
| hound, and they, in return, would sustain him.
• They would, of course, repudiate all their former
