1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the consent of the House
to take up and pass a bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce at the last session of Con-
gress.
Mr. OLIN. I must object to that.
Mr..PHELPS, of Calitornia. I ask the con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. DELANO. I will object, and-I desire to
state that it is my purpose to object to everything
out of order until a day shall have been fixed for
the consideration of the business of the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
MILITARY SUBMARINE CABLE.
Mr. OLIN. I cali for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of bus-
iness to be the passage of the bill of the House
(No. 715) to provide for the construction of a sub-
marine cable; upon which the main question
had been ordered and the yeas and nays ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 63.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. OLfiNT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The special order of busi-
ness assigned for to-day is House bill No. 112, to
provide for a board of commissioners to revise and
codify the general statute laws of the United States,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, on
winch the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to make an inquiry of the
Chair. What now will be the disposition of the
business of the Committee on Military Affairs?
*Will that committee be hereafter entitled to an-
other day for its repoi ts if we go now to the con-
sideration of this special order?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Military
Affairs will be entitled to another day, having
occupied only one day, under the rule.
Mr. OLIN. After this special otder is dis-
posed of, will the business of the Committee on
Mihiarv Affairs be next in order?
The SPEAKER. U wtll.
Mi. STEVENS. I think that the Committer
on Military Affairs has had one day already. This
will make two days,and the committee will there-
fore have to yield to the next committee.
The SPEAKER. The other day unanimous
consent was given to report from the ConimiUee on
Military Affairs. To-day its report come up ns
unfinished business.
REVISION OF STATUTE LMVS.
The SPEAKER stated the business m order
to be the consideration of House bill No. 132, to
provide for a board of commissioners to revise
and codify the geneial statute laws of the Lnued
Slates.
Mi. HICKMAN. I merely wish to say, Mi.
Speaker, thtit this bill has been diafied on the
earnest recommendation of the Piesidcnt, made in
his message two years ago. It has b en consid-
eied for a long time by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and ha-; tin- full indorsement of that com-
mittee. I demand the previous question on the
bill.
The previous question w.is second*#!, and the
main question ordeied. The bill was read in ex-
teaso.
The first section provides that the President
shall nominate and, with the advice and consent
ot the Senate, appoint throe commissioners, whose
duty it shall be to collate and revise oi! the public
acts of Congress wluc.h are and shall ho in force,
uhi'.'h aie general and permanent in their nature;
and in the performance of that duty they shall
."arefully collect nnd reduce into one act the differ-
ent acts and parts of act*' which from similanty
nfsubject ought in their judgment to be arranged
and consolidated, distributing the same under dif-
ferent titles, divisions, and suctions, as they may
think propei, and omitting all acts and ports or
nets heretofore passed as shull have been repealed,
oi have expned by their own limitation, or which
may be repugnant to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; and that in every other respect they
shall complete the revision in such manner as to
them shall seem most useful and proper, to render
the acts more plain and easy to be understood*,
and that, from time to time, they shall lay before
Congiess the acts so re vised and arranged by them,
to be reenacted, if Congress shall so determine.
The second section provides that when said acts
shall be so presented to Congress for reenactment,
said, revisors shall also suggest to Congress such
contradictions, omissions, or imperfections as may
appear m the acts so revised, and the mode in
which the same may be reconciled, supplied, or
amended; and may also designate such acts and
parts of acts, if any, as m their judgment ought to
be repealed, with their reasons for advising such
repeal, and may also recommend tho passage of
such new acts, divisions', or sections, as such re-
peal may in their judgment tender necessary.
The third section pi ovules that the said revis-
ors shall be allowed the teim of three years to
complete the duties assigned them in and by this
act; and that in the execution of the duties as-
signed'them they shall have fi eeuccess to the libra-
ries of Congress and I >noks and papers in the pub-
lic offices, and shall be allowed an annual salary
of $5,000 each, payable quarter yearly.
The touith section provides that there be as-
signed for the use of said commissioners suitable
rooms m the Treasury building, and as conve-
nient to the Attorney Greneial's library ay practi-
cable,and all necessmy and reasonable expenses
incmred by said commissioners, in the discharge
of their duties under this net, shall be audited, and
allowed on the certificate of the Attorney General.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and bein«- engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLM AN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; ami it was decided in
the negative—yeas 42, nays 85; as follows:
VEAS— Mes^r*-. Aidiicli, A-hlry, ]>akei-, Baxter, Bca-
man, {>iiigli.un, Jacob 1$ Bl<m. Samuel 8. Blan\ Jlluke,
Campbell, d:uj-, Delano, Dunn, Lilgetton, Samuel c.
lu's-ciuien, Thotn,A. i). Fe-^eiKieu, Ihekman, Julian,
Kellcv, i'Miiei- W. Kclto™, William ICellojjg, Lehman,
JLovcjoy, Low. Mavnaid, JYJooiIumiI Jn^tm Mornll,
O'iii. f'oiiicHn. I'oiter, John II. Rice, Kiddle, S.ngent,
Sedgwick. Sesar, Sherman, Sloan, Spanning, Van liotn,
Albr; 1 S. White. Wilson,ami Wiinle.n— 12
NAY S—Mivi- Will nun Alien, William J. Allen, Alley,
Aneona, Babbuu I>ail\, Biddle, Willutm 0. Uiown, Bntfin-
ton. Calvei 1.1 'a«ey, Chambeilam, ('leineiiN, Colfax, Ficil-
eiu k Conklniii. lio-coo ConUing. Co,\. Ctaven-i. Cii<-
r1"lil. Ci itteiulen, Dawe-. fhven, Kdw.u d< P/hot. Ft anclioi,
iM.injj. Gmiiirei. Gruiei. II.n ln, Hale, Hall. HsiMliny, Har-
r.,-oii, llolimm. Notion. Ilmehmj".Johnson. Kenyan, Law.
l-oonii-. M<ln«|i>e, MePhei-nn. Maltoiy, MaMon, Mav,
Meu/.ie's. MiiclirlL Mortis \i\on, Noble, Xoell, Xoiton,
Orlell. i'endl'Mon, Tnnotlij C. 1'in ip--. Pike, Poitet, Puce,
Alevamb'i {I. Bie<>, Ttoliin?on, Jame* S Itollin-. Slioll'icld,
Siie!liili,n<rc(, Slnel, StitUli. Steven^, Stiles., Suatton, l>cn-
l.iiniii P.Thomas, Fiaticis Thomas. Tiiinble, Timvbtulge,
\ allamluliain, Vei ree, WacM\ null, W.ioi, W.ishinn hp,
Wi'lv-tet .\V'Ue<'lei.Wick I ilh.-j Wond, Wood t tiff, \Voice>ter,
Wuuhf. <tnd Ycaman—8.">
So the hill wfis rejected.
Dm iU2, the vote,
Mr. WEBSTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Leahy, was detained fiom the House by indis-
position.
Mr. IL1CE, of Massachusetts, stated that his
eolloc^ue, Mr. Train*, was confined to his room
by illness.
The vote was tin n announced as above recorded.
Mr. HOLM AN moved to reconsider the vot<
by which (1)'' hill wa* rejected; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SHIP CANALS.
Air. OLL\. Mi. Speaker, 1 am authorized by
the Committee on Military Affairs to ropoit back
House bill (No. 714) to construct a ship canal
foi the passage of urmed and naval vessels ftom
the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and for
the enloigement of the locks of the Lt ie canal and
the Oswego canal, of New York, to adopt them
to the defense of the northern lakes, with amend-
ments.
The amendments weie read by the Clerk.
Mi. HOLM AN. is it in order for the Com-
mittee on Military Affaire to moke thnt leport?
The SPEAKER. lunch Committee has the
right to occupy two days.
Mr. HOLM AN. Has not that committee been
already called on two separate days?
The SPEAKER. The first day it was called
by unanimous consent. It has only been called
one day under the rules.
Mr. "HOLMAN. I malce the point of order
that the sixth section of the bill before the House
makes an appropriation, and must, under the rules,
have its first consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. The use of
the words "shall be applied" does not change
the character of the bill, The amendment pro-
vides for a change of terms without changing the
meaning of tho bill.
The SPEAKER. The chair sustains the point
of order that this section of the bill would make
an appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself intothc Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
on that motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. OLIN. I have the floor. 1 have stricken
out the section of the original bill and substituted
another. This is not the bill which was up yes-
terday. Therefore the gentleman's point of order
does not apply to this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate on this
proposition.
Mr. OLIN. I do not wish to be understood as
reporting a bill with amendments, but as report-
ing an original bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from New York. Did the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs authorize the gentle-
man to submit the report in that way?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to tho gentle-
man's answering.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to ask the question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is not in order to
state in the House what has occurred in a com-
mittee.
Mr. OLIN. 1 do not see where the gentleman
from Pennsylvania obtained the right to poll that
committee. I conceive that I have authority to
report this bill.
Air. STEVENS. The gentleman first stated
that he had authority to report back a bill with
amendments. Now ho changes the shape of the
report, and reports a new bill. Now, has he any
authority to report back this bill without amend-
ment but as a new bill ?
Mr. OLIN. Tho object of the committee was
to relieve the bill from the objection made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania tho oihcr day. I
suppo.sed that [ hod done that. I have reported
on original bill. It i* different from the bill acted
on vesteulay in reference to this point of order,
Mr McPHERSON. ft whs my understanding
that the Committee on Military Affairs author-
ized the reporting back only of the bill referred
to them yesterday, with certain amendments.
The bill repoited has the number of the bill
which was referred to that committee.
TheSPEAKER. Thenumherof a bill amounts
to nothing. When a bill m reported u is then
numbered.
Mr. McPHERSON Is the bill before the
House the bill recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
tins is an oi iirina! bill.
Mr. McPJIERSON. I understand that it is
the identical bill recommitted to that committee
with amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. My colleague i« a member
of the Committee on Military Allans.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I insit-t that the point of
order shall be decided, nnd then 1 will make one.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's point of
order is that the committee bad not this bill before
them. The bill committed to the committee would
give them the subject for consideiaiion, and the
committee could n*poit a new bill upon the sub-
ject ii they chose. As to whether the committee
aut homed i his report to be made is a question of
fact. The Chan ovoriulea the point of older.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I make the point of order
that no miftnber of the committee has a ri.Mtt to
state what occurred in the committee.
Air. MePHER.SON. I have made no such
statement, though I Plight state something of
their action if I desired.
The bill was then read a first and second time.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
