718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order that
the fifth section, as now reported, makes an ap-
propnatjon.
t The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the sec-
tion.
The Clerk read the fifth section, as follows:
Src. 5. Jlnd be it farther enncted, That the revenues de-
rived fiom said canal and river over and above the expenses
of management, and of repairs and expenditures thereon,
shall be applied, first, to tho payment of the interest and
principal expended by the United States upon said work;
second, to the payment of the State of Illinois of the entue
amount which wa< a charge upon the :*ud canal at the time
of the conveyance thereof to the United States, together
with the interest theieof, which amount shall be paid to the
treasmer of the State of Illinois, upon such vouchers and
undet Mich legulations as tho Secietaiy of the TreacU.y of
the United States'shall direct.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not sec. any-
thing in that section which iooks like an appro-
priation.
Mr. HOLMAN". The Chair will see that
money is to be paid out of the Treasury upon
the authority of this section.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, upon the principles stated yester-
day in reference to similar points.
Mr. STEVENS. I use to a point of order. It
is that the ninth section makes an appropriation.
It provides—
That the said bonds shall bo delivered by the Secreiaiy
of War, on the requisition of the said commissioners, in
such sums as may be lequiied from time to time in the pros-
ecution of said work; ami said commissioner-; shall furnish
vouchors and ptooN m duplicate of the w>n k done and ma-
terial furnWied, at *nch times and under -aich regulations
as the Secretary ol War may piet-cube; and the Secietaiy
of Wai i>. hen-bv aKo authoii/ed to deliver to -aid eomnu>-
sionew the amount of £20,000 m said bonds, for pi eiumn-
aty mii veys and expenses, before the letting of said woik
The SPEAKER.. The Chair notices that the
44 said bonds" referred to are the bonds provided
for in a previous section, and which, the Chair
has decided throe or four times, did not make an
appropriation of money.
Mi'. McPHERSON. I rise to a point of older.
It is, that m fact tlx; repoit made by the chair-
man of the Military Committee is not the repoit
which the committee directed the chairman to
make to the 1 louse.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of fart
entirely. If the committee directed the report to
be made, it is in order; if they did not direct it
to be made, it, is not in order.
Mr. Mcpherson. the facts—
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot state
what, transpired in committee. If the gentleman
makes tiie point, the question of reception will
be put to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Tho gentleman has aright
to «ay that the committee did not authorize t]io
repot t to bo mad
   " ' ~ ' .'ad
est:
" If it is disputed that a repoit has been oideied in by a
committee, the question of reception mu-.t be put to the
iioiim'.,j
Mr. STEVENS, lias any record been kept
by the committee*
Tho SPEAKER,. If the point is insisted on,
the Chair will submit lite question to the House.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 make the point of order that
the point of oider comes too late, as the bill has
been read a first and second time. Before the point
was made a statement was made by the chairman
of the Military Committee that lie had authouty
to make the import, and after some discussion the
bill was leceived and lend a first and second tune.
Since that tune several questions of order m ref-
erence to the contents ot the bill have been made
and decided by the Chair. I submit that it is now
too late to piosout this point of order.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. OLIN. AM 1 desired in reference to this
measure was that it mightcome before the House,
and be disposed of as the judgment of the House
should dictate, i (io not like the manner in winch
it is sought to get ud of a matter of legislation
which 1 deem important; but 1 am wilftng to sug-
gest to the House that the consideration of this
bdl be deferred until to-monow or next day, as
shall satisfy the convenience of the House, and
let the House now proceed to the consideration of
various matters m reference to military affairs
which ought to receive action.
i reported this bill at this time because it was
K'j'i'l I tw IU.IU' .
The Clerk, by direction of tho Speaker, rea
the following, from page 53 of Barclay's Diges
the only opportunity I should have to present the
question before the House for its consideration.
I am willing that the bill should be discussed, if
anybody desires it. All I ask is a fair consider-
ation at the earliest moment practicable, consist-
ent with the business before the House. There
are some measures of importance which the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have prepared, and I
desire to have them acted on to-day. I am will-
ing that a vote should be taken upon the bill; but
I stated to the members of the committee that I
desired that certain other business might be acted
upon at this time, and I therefore inquire if it will
not meet the approbation of gentlemen to fix a day
when they will act upon this bill. I understand
that some gentlemen who are opposed to this meas-
ure are willing that it shall go over until day after
to-morrow, and then be taken up for considera*
tion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I suggest to the
gentleman that he fix the hour for taking a vote
upon the bill, and then I will not object.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not disposed to-hurry
this bill through without opportunity for amend-
ment. I am quite willing that it should go over
until day after to-morrow, if we can then have
two hours for its consideration without a call for
the previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have no ob-
jection to putting this bill over until to-morrow
or the next day, if there shall be an agreement
that at some early hour during that day we shall
have a vote. The experience of more than a week
past has shown that all the parliamentary power
and tactics which are accessible togentlemen upon
this floor will be brought to bear to prevent a vote
upon and to defeat this bill. I have no objection
to a fair discussion of or action upon this bill;
but when it is met at every possible step by all
of the machinery, large and small, by all power,
official and otherwise, to defeat it, I, for one, am
disposed to try the strength of the measure by
putting it upon its passage. I desire that to-mor-
row or next day, at one o'clock, a vote shall be
taken, and then, if it is killed, let it be killed; if
it dies for want of votes, let it go down; but in
God's name do not strangle it or let it go by by
in direction.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no doubt the gentle-
man from New York has done what he thought
right; but if there is to be no opportunity to be
heard, I prefer that the bill shall be recommitted to
the committee, if the gentleman will say that we
shall have until half past three o'clock day after
to-morrow without a call for the previous ques-
tion, I will not object to the arrangement.
Mr. OLIN. 1 am inclined—and I hope the
House will concur in it—to adopt the suggestion
of tho gentleman fiom Pennsylvania that the sub-
ject be taken up day after to-morrow, after the
morning hour, that it be discussed until three
o'clock, if gentlemen desire it,and then that a vote
be taken.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That will be sat-
isfactory.
Mr. FENTON. Say to-morrow.
Mr. OLIN. No, day after to-morrow. My
proposition is that the bill be taken up upon the
expiration of the morning hour day after to-mor-
row for consideration, and that a vote be taken
upon the bill at three o'clock that day.
Mr. FENTON. 1 ask the gentleman from New
Yoik to fix the consideration of this bill for Sat-
urday, at one o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
will not insist upon that.
Mr. FENTON. The Private Calendar lias not
had one day for consideration this session. I ask
the friends of this bill to fix Saturday for its con-
sideration.
Ml. WAD3WORTH. I shall feel constrained
to objectto the arrangement,unless [ am permitted
to make a statement upon the subject. 1 do not
desire to lay the least obstruction m the way of a
vote upon this bill; butl shall not consent, while
my constituents are taxed upon tea, coffee,
and other articles, that a bill creating a debt of
$40,000,000 shall be forced through without any
consul" rat ion. If fair opportunity is allowed to any
gentlemen who desire to discuss the bill—and 1 do
not know that I shall desire itatall—1 shall raise no
i objection; but if it is proposed to limit the debate
j on a measure of this kind to a couple of hours,
I and then take the vote on it, I do raise objection.
I know of nobody here who intends to resort to
any means to prevent a vote upon this bill; and I
believe that if there is a fair opportunity to debate
it, a vote can be taken without any difficulty in
the world.
Mr. PIOLMAN. Without any limitation as
to the length of debate.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object, if debate is
to be limited.
Mr. PIOLMAN. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. OLIN. Oh, no; you need not make any
suggestion, because the objection of the other gen-
tleman stands in the way of any such arrange-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I will move to lay the
bill on the table as soon as I can get the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the proposition of
the gentleman from New York will be agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on the
table; and I demand the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Babbitt, Riddle, Samuel S.
Biair, William G. Brown, Calvert, Campbell, Cobb, Fred-
erick A.Conkling, Cravens, Crisfield, Cutler,Davis, Dunn,
Edyerton, Thomas A. f) Fcssenden, Glider, Hale, Hall,
Harding, flain-on, Hickman, floiman, Johnson, Kelley,
Law, Lazear, Lehman, MeKnight, MePhetson, Mallory,
Maynaid, Mcnzie-, Moorhead, Morris, Nixon, Noble,
IVny, Portei, Sedgwick, Shellabaiget, William G. Steele,
Stiie , Stiatton, Fianeis Thom.is, Trimble, Tiowbrulge,
Verreo, Wadswoith, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wick-
liife, Worcofter, Wright, and Yoaiuan—35
NAYS—Messrs. Ahhich. William J.Allen, Alley, Arnold,
Ashley, Baily, Baker, Baxter, Beanian, Bingham, Blake,
Builinton, Buiuhain, Ca*.ey,Chamberlain,Clatk, Clements,
Coliax, Ro^eoe Colliding, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Ed wauls,
Eliot, Ely, Samuel C. Fessenden, Fianeliot, Frank.Gooch,
Goodwin, Gianger, Uaight, Hooper, Hutcluns,Julian, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg. William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Knapp, Lan-
sing, Loomis, Lovejoy, Melndoe, MeKean, Maiston,
Mitchell, Ju-tin S. Morrill, Noell, Odell. Olm, Timothy G. «
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Pottei, Priee, Alexander H. ltice,
John II Rice, Riddle, Robinson, Edward [I Rollins,.Tames
S. Rollins, Saigent, Segar, Sheffield, Shoiman, Sloan,
Smith, Spauldmg, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Van
Horn, Walker, Wallace, Walton, Ward, Wa-hhunto,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, Wnidom, and Wood-
ruff—81.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
During the roll call,
Mr. AlLEN, of Ohio, stated that he had paired
off on this bill with Mr. Vibbard, who was for
the bill, while he [Mr. Allen] was against it.
Mr. FENTON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Steele, of New York.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that at the request
of Mr. Corning, who was confined to his house
by indisposition, he had agreed to pair off with
him; that he [Mr. Pendleton] would have voted
to lay the bill on the table and Mr. Corning
against it.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM stated that he had
paired olf on this question with Mr. Fouke. Ho
would have voted m the affirmative and Mr. Fouke
in the negative.
Mr. CRAVENS stated thatMr. Vooriiees was
still unable to be in his seat on nccounfofsickness.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. OLIN. May I again appeal to the House,
in consideration of the condition of the public
business, and to avoid wasting time in this way,
to allow this bill to be set down for Friday, and
that a vote be taken upon it on that day ?
Mr. DIYEN. With the permission of my col-
league, I desire to say that I am not opposed to
this measure. I am in favor of the object it con-
templates, but I think that object can be better
attained by other legislation than that now pro-
posed, or by some amendments to the bill. I
sought at the last session of Congress to offer aw
amendment and was met by objection. I desire
now Simply to offer that amendment.
Mr. OLIN. My colleague can oiler it as an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. DIVEN. If it does not meet the views of
the House I have nothing more to say.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not yet offered my
amendment.
Mr. OLIN. I supposed the gentleman had
offered his amendment. I yield to him now for
that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following amend-
