1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
3 Ttii Cong....3d Sess.
The Rebellion—Mr, Shelluba.rger.
Ho. of Reps.
will inevitably rend it asunder. This of all things
is the most potent cause of disunion. It develops
a perpetual warfare between conscience and inter-
est. Wherever the former outweighs the latter,
separation begins. Let the South become inde-
pendent, and we shall one of these days see a
" North" and " South" in the South. , The irre-
pressible conflict will be transferred to the other
side of Mason and Dixon's. Anti-slavery will
break out in Richmond. The doctrines of Jeffer-
son, Mason, and Madison will again be spoken.
The eloquent voice of some southern Phillips or
Beecher will be heard denouncing the evil that
blights the land.
1 cannot doubt that the States of the confeder-
acy along the northern line will speedily become
free, and eager to reunite with the North. Such
slaves as can escape across the lin^ will do so, and
the rest will be conveyed by their owners to the
distant South; and as these States become free,
they will become antagonistic to their confeder-
ates and reconciled to the old Union,and no ob-
stacle can prevent their return.
Thus the southern line of the United States will
be brought down to the next tier of slave States,
upon which the same effect will be wrought; and
so the process continued, until the national ensign
again floats unchallenged on the breezes of the
GuLf.
In the mean time, we will conquer our do-
mestic enemy. We will be no longer endangered
with a resumption of slaveholding supremacy
through the forms of the Union. The effect of
Democratic triumph will be comparatively harm-
less. The power of the slaveholders m the Gov-
ernment being gone, that wretched spawn of our
picvious politics known as the doughface will also
be departed forever. The Democrats, heretofore
the most ready, for the sake of power, to do the
bidding of the South, would, now that the South
scorned their alliance, be the most hostile and de-
termined against it. Separation would set the
Democracy of the free States and the slaveholders
of the South in opposition, and it is the only thing
that ever will. The Democrats would change
their base of operations. They would, as usual,
look to the source of power.
Theie aie many philanthropic persons, how-
ever, who deprecate separation on the ground of
its infidelity to the slave. But if separation be
the best means, under the circumstances, of pro-
moting the cause of freedom, how can it be in-
fidelity to the slaver The stronger the claim of
the slave upon us, the more firmiy are we bound
to that measure which will enable us to continue
effectively our efforts in his behalf. A resump-
tion of the Union by the slaveholders in the man-
ner I have described would set on the slave a
doom of eternal despair. If I were myself a fu-
gitive bondman seeking security and cherishing
the hope of ultimately redeeming wife, children,
home, country, and friends, I should implore the
nation with ail my heart and soul to pause in its
present career.
The Republicans depend on force—now or never;
the Democrats rely on conciliation and compro-
mise.
I put these suggestions forward in behalf of free-
dom and the North. I presume I shall have no
second for them in this House. But I do not
doubt they will find approval in the hearts of mil-
lions of sincere and devoted men and wonvm
throughout the country, and in the unerung judg-
ment of the iuture.
THE REBELLION
SPEECH OF HON. >S. SHELLABARGER,
ok onio,
In the Houue of Representatives,
January 27, 1863.
The House being in the Committee of the, Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. SFIELLACARGER said:
Mr. Chairman: The extinction of a national-
ity, in whose language are recorded the first events
of human history, whose constitution antedates
the pyramids by three hundred yeais, and whose
arts, "literatuie, and l«ws are the souices of all
future civilization, is recorded by its last historian
in that one startling sentence, " sedition destroyed
the city, and Romans destroyed the sedition." A
polity older than Thebes, a Government whose
life outmeasures Assyrian, Chaldean, and Gre-
cian dominion combined, has the story of its de-
cline.and fall summed up and its history told in
this sentence with which the Hebrew State is dis-
missed forever from the families of men.
Sir, the sedition which let Titus into the He-
brew capital was but the madness of those whom
the gods \VouId destroy. If the attacks we wit-
nessed the other day upon this Government when
my colleague [M^Vallandigham] sought to per-
suade its subjects no longer to give to it their sup-
port in its piesent struggle against armed treason
were mere madness, they would be relatively inno-
cent. But, sir, we are spectators to-day of events
in our midst, seen in an arranged, simultaneous,
and systematized effort to paralyze the Govern-
ment m this its lifeordeath struggle with treason,
and to persuade one half its subjects to " adhere
to its enemies," which are not mere madness. I
stop not to prove to-day. My countrymen, you
no longer need proofs, I think. But whether you
do or not I cannot stop to prove, but only to warn
you to-day that the " enormous conspiracy" of
which you were told in the last public utterance of
Mr. Douglas, on the 1st of May, 1861, has its con-
spirators in tli«" North—1 do not say in this House
— who there play their infei nal part in this drama.
The key-note was struck by Stephens at Savan-
nah, on the !22d of March, 18G1, when he said:
" The pieces of disintegration in the old Union will go
on with almost absolute certainty. We ate the nucleus of
a glowing power. Looking tu the luluic.'" * * * *
<• it 15 not beyond the lange of possibility, and even pioba-
bilit\? that afl the gioat States ok tub Northwest shall
gravitate this way. Our doors aie wide enough open to
receive them, but not until they are read)' to assimilate
with u  in puneiple."
And, sir, what we see in the North daily of
these efforts to paralyze this, and to inspire with
confidence the rebel government, are assigned and
set parts in the play of the conspirators in this
" process of disintegration."
My colleague [Mr. Vallandigham] said the
other day that " this Government, with an arbi-
trary power which neither the Czar of Russia nor
the Emperor of Austna dare exercise, has struck
down at a blow every badge and muniment of
freedom." The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Harding,] in substance, repeated this. But, sir,
these two speeches, as to this point, are but imi-
tations, and almost copies, of the speech of Mr.
Breckinridge in the United States Senate, of 16th
of July, 1861, made shortly before he entered the
rebel service; and all are the echoes of a message
ofJefferson Davis. Anothergentleman [Mr. Cox]
alleges, in substance, that the six hundred and
forty-one days of Mr. Lincoln's adniinistiation
have divided the Union into two belligerent paits;
have debauched the religion and morals of the
nation: have murdered, I>y its war, one hundred
and fifty thousand of its children, and by disease
as many more. Another gentleman [Mr. Rich-
ardson] attributes this wai and its fearful calami-
ties to the " Piosidont and his friends," because,
he says, they could have avoided it by honorable
compromise.
1 do not allude to these specimens of attack upon
him who, as the national Executive, if we are to
live, mustbe supported in the discharge ofhis con-
stitutional duty to "protect and defend " the Gov-
ernment by nil the people, to say t ha t these are parts
of the play of the conspirators, for that would be
unparliamentary. I do not. refer to them for the
puipose ofmfluencing then-authors by anyreply,
for that would be* useless. I do not allude to them
for the purpose of finding fault with any criticism
of the acts of this Administration. It is not the
right merely, but the duty, of eve) y reprp^ntative
of the people to watch, and by truthful, manly
criticism, to guard the interests of the people and
of thr-ir Government. bv detecting and exposing
the enois and wickedness of the highest and low-
est officer of the Government. If a bad pi oclama-
tion has been issued, if a vicious policy has been
inaugurated, if a faithfuland able commundci lias
been superseded, or iiauds have been committed
show these by patriotic and reasonable appeals to
facts, and every patnot in the land will honor
you, and will leap to your support in correcting
the eiror. I bow in blind adoration to no Presi-
dent, no party, no administration. I know none
of them as such in this frightful struggle for na-
tionallife. I honor the man who makes this Gov-
ernment stronger by showing its faults. But, sir,
the utterances 1 have cited belong not to this class
of truthful or reasoning exposures or rebuke of
error in this Government.
What, sir! tell Americans, who are not fools,
and can read, that when the President arrests
men such as Merryman and Kane, engaged in
murdering our unarmed soldiers in Baltimore,
coming to rescue this capital from the torch, or
when he arrests those who were burning the
bridges over which they came here, or who were
acting in the plot to assassinate the President, he
44 struck down ata blow every badge of republican
government," and is guilty of acts of despotism
which the Czar dare not do ! Why, sir, the au-
dacity of this accusation, that military arrests for
the public safety in time of great danger are un-
precedented despotism, is absolutely sublime. In
the war for our institutions, and most of them
under the general command of Washington, these
military arrests were almost daily. Some were
charged with " being inimical to the liberties of
America," as in the case of Connolly and others
in Maryland. Others with "damning General
Washington and Congress," as in the case of
Kirkpatrick, of the same State. Others for ex-
pressing 44 sentiments inimical to America," and
for " advising men to lay down their arms," as
in the case of Belmires, of the same State. Others
for being "enemies to American liberty,"as in
the ease of Joshua Testill, of the same State,
Others for being "disaffected to thecause of Amer-
ican freedom," as in the case of twenty Friends
taken from Philadelphia and imprisoned at Win-
chester, Virginia. Others for being suspected of
being loyalists, as in the case of Colonel Henry
Frey, of New York, imprisoned during the war,
with others, at Hartford, Connecticut. Why, sir,
under Washington, throughout the war, by mil-
itary authority, and in disregard of habeas corpus,
for the public safety, these arrests of dangerous
men were almost universal.
Tell Ameiicans that these arrests are unheard-
of acts of despotism, when they know that for such
arrests at New Orleans by Jackson he received
the plaudits of his Government; and for them by
General Wilkinson, at the time of Burr's con-
spiracy, he was applauded by Mr. Jefferson, who
said:
" On great occasions, eveiy good officer must be ready to
risk himself in going beyond the stricthne of law, when the
public pretcivatiou requires it. His. motives will be ajust-
ilieation, as tar as there i<* any discmtion in his ultia-legal
pioceeduigs, and no indulgence of private feelings.5'
" Your sending here Swartwout and JBollman, and add-
ing to them 13urr, i31enneihah?>el, and Tylei, should they fall
into your hands, will be supported by tiie public opinion."
"The Feds, and the little band ot Quid*, in opposition,
. will try to make eomethingof theinfiingemoiitof libeily by
; the military an o<ts and deportation of citizen*; but if it does
! not go beyond such offenders as Swai twout}-Bollman, Burr,
; Blenrieiliasoet, Tyler, &c., they will be supported by the
public approbation."
And these acts by Jackson and Wilkinson were
done at a time when the public danger was to ours
now as the summer breeze to the sweep of the
hurricane. Tell us that these military arrests for
" public safety " are unheard-of acts of despotism
! not dared to be made by autociats, when wcknow
that, from the conspiracy of Catiline to the rebel-
lion of Dorr, in every civilized Government un-
der the heavens, they have been resortedto as a
means of preserving the State! And, sir, they
never should be resorted to except whan necessary
i to preserve the State, and then with extremist
| care. Tell men not idiots that Mr. Lincoln's six
I hundred and forty days' possession of this Gov-
! ernment han divided this Union, inaugurated the
[ war, and brought all its consequences, svhen every
! man on the globe who reads any human language,
| from Esquimaux to English, knows that under
1 Mr. "Buchanan's administration this Union was
i (as much as now) divided, seven States had se-
| ceded, the rebel government was formed, the pres-
i ident installed, the congress m session, an act
| matured calling out one hundred thousand militia
j to seize on Washington and assassinate the Prcsi-
I dent, our aimy and arms in Texas, pub-
