1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
ment, to come in at the end of the last section of
the bill:
Piovided, That before tlic United States proceeds to
m:d<e unv expenditures und^r this section, the State of
New Yoik shall make a conve}'ance and point ofjinisd'tc-
tion to the United .State-!, 111 ttm -am" manner piovuled
loi in the fust section with io«ard to tim Stale of Illinois,
and all the provisions relative to the leiinbuivement of the
sums expended by the United Slates slt.ifl apply to New
York, fo n< to make he\ make simdai teimLmihement foi
the t-imu? expended on the New Yoik canals
I ask that 01 y amendment may be printed.
It was ordered.
Mi*. DIVEN. 1 now offer what I send to the
Clerk's desk as a substitute for the entire bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope we shall dispense
with the reading of the substitute, and that it will
be pointed.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unan-
imous consent. The Chau hears no objection.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I ask the gentle-
man from New York to yield to mo to move a
small amendment, to which there will be no ob-
jection. It is very short, and I desire to have it
read.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is any further amend-
ment in order?
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment to
the bill now pending, and also a substitute for
the bill.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I desire to offer it
as an amendment to the first section of the bill.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
pending; to the original bill. The gentleman can
oiler it as an amendment to the amendment.
_ Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Well, I will offer
it in that form.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Pioiidcd. That Mich romtm^ionet^ shall not be appointed
until a right of way Miiucient foi >aid enlargement shall be
granted rotlie United rftato iiee ot charge.
Mr. OLIN. " Right of way," where?
JUr. WHITE, of Indiana. In Illinois.
Mr. OLIN. And now I hope we shall have an
understanding1 that this measure shall be post-
poned un'il Friday next, and shall be taken up
and voted on on that day.
Mr. I10LMAN. I do not object to postpon-
ing the bill until Friday, but I object to any agi ce-
ment that it shall be voted upon on that day.
Mr. OLIN. 1 will, notwithstanding this cap-
tions objection, ask a postponment of the bill till
that day and trust to the temper of the House to
give us a \ ote on that day.
Mi. FENTON. I am pressed to withdraw my
objection, and I will do so with the understand-
ing that Friday of next week shall be devoted to
the consignation of the Private Calendar.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKXtNG. I do not want,
for one, to be committed to any understanding
that the Private Calendar shall ho taken up. I
object to any such understanding as that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] 1ms not withdrawn his ob-
jection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to ask a
question of the Chair, if the hill is postponed
till Fuday m this language, will it come up ne-
cessarily, or will it only come up if it shall be
reached in its order? I desire to know what the
effect will be in relation to action on it at that
time ?
Mr. OLIjN. I propose to have the bill taken
up and considered on that day.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. And voted on?
Air. OLIN. I will run all thu risks of getting
a vote on the bill on that day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer the
gentleman's inquiry by saying that after the com-
mitters are (-ailed on Friday for puvate hills, the
bill will come up in the regular course of business.
The first thmg for that day will be the call of com-
mittees for pi ivale bills; and that older cannot he
changed by a majority vote. After that this bill
will come up, subject, of course, to lie overridden
by any previous motion.
Mr. OLIN. With that imdoistanding I move
to postpone the bill until Fuday, after the morn-
ing hour.
The motion was ngieed to; and the bill as re-
poited.with all the amendments proposed, was
ordered to be printed.
PROTECTION TO EMIGRANTS.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
j that it do puss, an act (S. No. 430) to provide for
; the protection of overland cmigiants to the States
j and Terntones of the Pacific; and asked to have
I it put upon its passage.
The bill appropriates $30,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War, for
the protection of emigrants by overland routes to
the States and Territories of the Pacific, provided
that §10,000 thereof be applied to the protection
of emigrants on the route from Fort Abercrombie
by Fort Benton.
Mr. DUNN. This bill is of very great im-
portance, as intended to afford protection to emi-
grants from depredations by Indian tribes, which
will tend much to encourage emigration. I hope
the bill will be passed.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES ANDERSON.
Mr. DUNN also, ftom the same committee,
repoited back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, Senate bill No. 427, for the relief of Charles
Anderson, assignee of John James, of Texas;
and asked that it be put upon its passage.
The biildirccts the Secretary of War to pay to
Charles Anderson, assignee of John James, of
j Texas, $1,041 66, being the amount certified by
| the Quartermaster General to be due to John
| James for back rent of Camp Hudson, in Texas,
! prior to 1st of July, 1859, the same having been
j regularly assigned to the said Charles Anderson.
I Mr. TIOLMAN. I rise to a point of order,
j Mr. DUNN. I hope my colleague will vvjfh-
j 3raw the point of order until I say a few words
m legard to the hill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill makes an appro-
priation of money, and should be referred to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar. The subject does not properly come be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DUNN. I shall be very glad if my col-
league will withdiaw his point of order. If he
insists upon it, the bill must, of course, go to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I decline to withdraw the
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The hill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and or-
dered to be printed.
HOSPITAL AN1) AMBULANCE COUPS.
Mr. MePTIERSON, from the CotmnitLeo on
Military Affairs, reported back a bill in relation
to military hospitals, and to oigamze an ambu-
lance corps; and asked that it be put upon its pas-
sage.
The bill was read. It provides that after the
passage of the act, all military hospitals, with their
appurtenances ami fixtures, exo pt hospital stores,
&c., and all ambulance wagons for hospital sup-
plies and for the transportation of sick and wound-
ed, shah be constructed and provided by the quar-
termaster's department, according to plans and
patterns furnished by the Siugeon General and
approved by the Secretary of War; provided, that
in case of emergency, hospitals, ambulances, and
wagons for hospital service may be const) ucted or
procured by the Surgeon General, with the sanc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
The second section makes it the duty of the
quarteimaster's department to provide the neces-
sary hoi se.s, mules, harness, and forage to render
the hospital transportation train efficient foi field
service, and to deliver the same to the ofiiceis of
the medical department, by whom the tram will
be organized, and shall not be diverted from the
hospital service or subject to the order of an
other department.
The third section, in older to provide more rf-
fectually for the care of the sick and wounded of
the Army, directs that a hospital corps shall be
established and permanently attached to the med-
ical department, consisting of one colonel as com-
mandant, one iiist lieutenant to each company of
one hundred enlisted men, one sergeant to every
twenty privates, one corporal to every ten pri-
vates, and as many privates as may be necessary,
not to exceed in gross the rate of two to each com-
pany in the Army. The commissioned officers
of the hospital corps are to be appointed by the
President of the United States, with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and shall have the rank,
pay, and allowances of officers of like grade in
the infantry arm of the service. The non-com-
missioned officers and privates arc to be appointed
and enlisted according to existing laws, and are
to be on the same footing, as regards pay and
allowances, as the sergeants, corporals, and pri-
vates of infantry, respectively.
The fourth section directs that the officers and
non-commissioned officers of the hospital corps
shall perform such duties either in the field or in
hospital as may be requited by regulations; and
that the privates of the corps shall act as drivers
of ambulances and wagons for hospital supplies,
as Utter-bearers, and as cooks and nurses in all
military hospitals, without exttd pay.
The fifth section diiects that whenever the hos-
pital corps shall be organized and on duty, the
details of enlisted men from regiments for the hos-
pital service, now authorized by regulation, shall
cease, and that in case of a reduction of the Army
the hospital corps shall be accordingly reduced,
so as at no time to exceed the proportion of two
privates to every company actually in the Army.
The sixth section repeals all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with this bill.
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 desire to submit a few
words of explanation of this bill. It was prepared
by the Surgeon General of the Army, and sub-
mitted to andapproved by the Quartermaster Gen-
eral. its object is to secure an organization of the
hospital and ambulance corps, to devote their sole
tune and attention to the care of the wounded on
the field, the transportation of the wounded from
the field, and the care of the sick and wounded in
hospital. It is well known that there is no organ-
ized ambulance corps now, and that the duties of
that service arc performed by details from the regi-
ments m the field. The result of this is that about
twenty thousand men who belong to the ranks of
the volunteer Army are absent from their com-
panies and regiments, pei forming the duties of an
ambulance and hospital corps. This bill will have
the elfect of sending those soldiers back to their
regiments. Every one familiar With our military
hospitaTs knows that, as a general thing, a good
e.lass of men has been detailed from the ranks for
that purpose. By sending thorn back to their regi-
ments and replacing them with recruits, the Army
will be increased by twenty thousand trained men.
The bill authorizes the permanent enlistment
in the Army of n body of men sufficient to per-
form the duties belonging to the ambulance corps.
Th«'i e is u limit on their numbet. The entire corps
is not to exceed at the rate of two to each com-
pany in the Army. The organization provided
lor this ambulance corps is on the most econom-
ical scale. 1 took the lesponsibility myself, on
consultation, of cutting down the organization to
the lowest possible scale that I believed sufficient
lor all practical purposes. There is to be one col-
onel , who is to be in geneial command of the
corps. One project before the committee pi oposed
a lieutenant colonel and two majors; but this was
thoughtunnecessaiy. The bill then provides one
first lieutenant for each company of a hundred
men. One of the bills before the committee pro-
vided that there should be one captain, one first,
and one second lieutenant; but these officers ap-
pealed to be unnecessary, and we substituted one
first lieutenant for every company of a hundred
men. We then gave to each company fine ser-
geant for every twenty men,and one corporal for
every ten men. These men will, of course, be
constantly on duty in detachments of probably
not less than ten men. We-gi\e to these ten men
one corporal, who is to hove general charge of the
paity. If twenty tsi'Ui aie detailed, there w ill be
one sergeant m charge of the paity.
Now, sn, 1 have given a very brief statement
Ofef the proviMous of this bill, so that the House
will understand the oigamzation which it is pro-
posed to make. This crops will be a cheap one;
it will be"an efficient one. The necessity for it
will be acknowledged by eveiy man who knows
any tiling of the organization of the A rmy, or who
has had any experience in this branch oi the ser-
vice. It is recommended by the Secretary of War,
it has been recommended bv the duni tei master
General, and u is reoo,tioi"nded by the Sm^eon
General. This bill has been carefully duuvn to
