68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
3TTH Cons....3d Sess.
The Rebellion—Mr. Shdlabarger.
Ho. of Beps.
lie property taken by the rebellion, and the Gov-
ernment's authority overthrown throughout one
fourth its limits! Toll us Lincoln commenced
this war, when Walker, the rebel secretary of war,
on the 12th of April, 1861, boasts that they be-
gan it on that day by the attack upon Sumter, and
notified through his organs his army of seven
thousand men and one hundred and forty cannon
to be ready at a moment's notice to maich upon
and take this capital; and this, and innumerable
other acts of war, all done before one effort was
made by this Government even in preparation for
self-defense!
Why, Mr. Chairman, by what name will his-
tory call such truthless assaults upon oar beloved
institutions and the Government, now when it
needs so much the sympathy and support of all
its children? Are these treason? Oh, no; not
treason, although they destroy the Government.
They are not treason only because treason is bold
find leaps toils ends by the "overt act." It is
because treason is bold, and takes the hazards of
crime, that somebody said of it that treason mul-
tiplied becomes heroic, successful becomes patii-
ou.sm. Why, sir, Catiline, as conspirator, at the
door of the senate, has received the execrations
of all history, and is pinioned over the door-way
of every council chamber in Christendom. There,
sir, over your door-way you sec his bones yet,
and scorn stands there pointing at them her slow
unmoving finger. Rut Catiline as the captain, in
flagrant war at Pistoia, has received from histoi y
the sacred riLes of sepulture. When Absalom
stole from his father and king the hearts of the
kind's subjects, a* he kissed the men of Israel
beside the kind's gate, Absalom was but a dema-
gogue and thief. Hut to the memory of Absa-
lom, tn the wood of Ephraim, as a leader of open
lebellion, the tears of his father accord the meed
of u hero illustrious at least in crime.
No, Mr. Chairman, these covered and furtive
attacks upon this Government itself, which are
made now by seeking to persuade the people that
the erimes of their own Governmenturc the causes
of thin rebellion against itself, are not technical
treason, just because treason is no skulk or cow-
ard. And, sir, neither are they debate. Why,
sir, debate is the contest of intellect with intellect,
wielding in that contest truth—high, sublime,
mighty truth—and if the combatants have no
other light, they have at least the sword-spaiks
struck by their conflict from these their weapons.
Michnel 01 Ajnx may be setdown by poets as im-
pel donations of high debate. Hut even gie.it A jax,
groping for an antagonist and for li^ht, is not
Mi"h impersonation*, much less is not debate the
tiuthlesfl dribbling* of inanity as it stands there
Vtenm and emasculated, tnuiteiing at each passer
by its incoheient twaddle. Neither, sir,are these
diatribes debate, which, in this Jlall or out, libel
the loyal men of the North as the authors of our
national calamities.
These utterances are not debate, sir. Then,
what me they? Let them be forever to lustoiy
what the ravings of the hags of the drama are to
it, " a deed without a name."
Let us look a little at these accusations against
the men of the North. The gentleman from Illi-
nois says, in effect, we brought the war wton^iy,
unjustly, by rejecting an honoiabie compromise,
which was rejected the 2d of March, ]S(>1. This
war? after seven rebel States had seceded; organ-
ized a rebel government; inaugurated Us picsi-
dent; matured, in its congress, an act calling out
oiu: hundred thousand nuhtia; suirendered our
-ii my m Texas, and our forts, arsenals, navy-
yauk and other public property to the rebellion;
and after the conspirators had taken u final leave
of this Government m contemptuous defiance of
the Government and rejection of all compromise,
and was in the act of organizing its armies to
match them on this capital to overthrow the Gov-
ernment and to assassinate the [Resident of the
United States, and to seize upon the seat of his
and of this Government's power. That was the
precise attitude of the rebels toward the "Presi-
dent and lus friends*'at the moment when that
Presidentand his friends,as the gentleman alleges,
at last refused to make with the rebels "an hon-
orable compromise!'* And that was the attitude
of affairs—mark iu ^merlc>;ns—when began the
six hundred and forty-one days of this Adminis-
tration '« existence, which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] in this House dares to insinuate have
borne, as their terrible fruits, the destruction of
three hundred thousand citizens, the division of
this Union into two belligerent parts, the bank-
ruptcy and total debauchery of the entire nation.
Let this House and nation note this attitude of
affdns when this honorable compromise was de-
clined, and when these six hundred and foity-one
days be^an, and then let us look a moment at these
startling accusations that we have brought this
war and its awful fruits by rejecting honorable
compromise.
Shall I argue with these honorable gentlemen
the proposition that the President, and his friends
could only compromise with rebels, whose knife
was at their throats, honorably upon the sup-
position that our principles, which we were re-
quired to abandon in the compromise, were so
obviously wrong and unjust that wc and the peo-
ple who elected Mr. Lincoln could not honestly
entertain them as true? If honestly entertained
as wise principles of government, and just ap-
proved by the people, could the President and his
friends abandon them in obedience to the logic of
the knife and the pistol, and abandon them at the
very moment he was appointed by the people to
execute them? Would that, sir, be the gentle-
man's idea of an honorable compromise? Let us
see.
I now make an appeal which I know must reach
the sense of manhood as well as the patriotism of
the gentleman from Illinois, ahd of every mem-
ber on the other side. Had Mr. Douglas been
elected on the doctrine of " popular sovereign-
ty," and then had the New England States, or
Ohio, pursued the course of their southern sisters
and said, u we are un witling to belong to a Govern-
ment which protects slavery; we are tired of what
these men call the copartnership; we will break it
up, and will erect a Government of our own;" and
if they had seized the forts, arsenals, and public
pioperty of the whole countiy, and had arrayed
themselves in hostility to the Government, and
threatened to depose Mr. Douglas, and to take pos-
session of the capital, and had put their knife at
the heart of Mr. Douglas, and at the heart of the
gentleman from Illinois,as the head of his Cabinet,
and then, in that posture of affairs, had said to
Mr. Douglas and his Cabinet, and to the people
who elected him, " we will submit to your gov-
ernment and live under it if you will make with
us un ' honoiabie compromisejust abandon your
principle of ( popular sovereignty;' put into the
Constitution our Chicago platfoim; exclude pop-
ular sovereignty from the Temtones forever; and
do not stop there, but after you have got the Chi-
cago platform into the Constitution, putin aelause
touching it which shall say,as the Crittenden com-
promise did touching its 'slave code'which it in-
jected into the Constitution, 'no futuie amend-
ment to the Constitution shall affectthisarticle,' "
And then had New England said, " do this, and sve
' black Republicans' will condescend to live under
your government, and w ill not cut its throat, and
yours too. We offer you this 4 honorable compro-
miseYou can accept it or the knife. If you
reject tins honoiabie compromise you will be the
cause of the war we will make on the Government,
and will be the authoi s of the slaughter and bank-
ruptcy it will bring, and of our division of the
Union and of our rebellion." Had New England
done this—and I beg pardon of noble NewEngland
for even queuing this supposition, which I do fjotn
Mr. Latham—would the gentleman fiom Illinois
have accepted that most "honorable eompio-
mise?" Would he, Mr. Chairman? Would ho,
my just-minded men of America? Would he do
the thing desci ibed by the noble Democrat, Rose-
crans, just after the victory at Murfreesboro',
which has made him immortal, who thus speaks
of the peace traitors of the North?
Cy They will hefc the hoots of ihe^p southern thieves and
liars, who will turn around and kick them."
Mr. Chairman, I take the question back. To
ask it is not to assume merely that the gentleman
from Illinois would have played the traitor by lay-
ing down, at the foot of monstrous, causeless re-
bellion, that Government which the people had
just given to him and made him swear " to pro-
tect and defend." It is not to assume merely that
he was too poor-spirited and too cowardly to de-
fend a principle he believed right, and which the
people had just approved and intrusted to him
to defend as their and its chosen guardian. But
it is to suppose the gentleman from Illinois is a
dog, and a very mean dog at that. Sir, if he would
not,an.d could not, make such a compromise with-
out dishonor and the abandonment of all pretense
of ours being a Government, then, in the name of
all that is high and holy in common justice and
fair play, I ask how could we abandon our prin-
ciples and the Government at the bidding of le-
bellion, with Yancey's dagger at our heart?
But, Mr. Chairman, there is still another rea-
son why I should not suppose the gentlemarfc,
as a member of Mr. Douglas's Cabinet, would,
upon our threat"of rebellion, have " honorably"
compromised away " the Constitution as it is"
than the one I have given, that it is to suppose
him a traitor, a poltroon, and a very bad pup.
That other reason, sir, is, that upon this very
question the gentleman and all his party, but pre-
eminently that gentleman, has been tested—ay,
sir, most thoroughly tested. That gentleman, as
the chosen and confidential representative of Mr.
Douglas, was at the national Democratic conven-
tion at Charleston in April, 1860. What he said
there and did was to be taken to be and was what
Douglas said, and what Democracy North said.
And, sir, Yancey was there too. And that same
knife which is now red and dripping with the blood
of patriots slain on a hundred battle-fields for the
Union was there too. And that same torch was
there, and in the hands of the same conspirators,
which has fired this temple of our liberties. And
there Yancey held that knife at the throat of the
gentleman from Illinois,and applied that torch to
| the funeral pyre on which they had stretched, for
immolation to the Moloch of slavery, the Demo-
cratic party.
The gentleman then knew and said what Mr.
Douglas, in cffect, repeated in the last public ut-
terance of his life, that this attitude of Yancey and
his coconspuators toward him and Mr. Douglas,
at Charleston, was one act in the plot for the de-
struction of this Union by destroying the Demo-
cratic party. Sir,did you notknow it? Did you
not, m effect, say it? Have you not said so ten
thousand times out of this Hall and in it? Did you
not say what the whole Democratic party North
have said, that then and there the conspirators
meant to destroy the Democratic party first, and
this Union next—to put out the light, and then put
out the light? And, sir, then, too, the gentleman,
with this same knife of rebellion at his throat,
was tendered, by these same conspirators, a com-
promise—if he pleases, an " honorable compro-
mise"—one which would save the Democratic
party, and, in his judgment, that would have
saved this Union. What was that compromise?
Let the country lookat it now once more. What
was that thing which the gentleman from Illinois,
rather than agree to do, would destroy the Dem-
ocratic party and thereby the Union ? Why, sir,
it is to the " honorable compromise" said to be
tendered to us in the Crittenden compromise as
Hyperion to a satyr. Here is the proposition
offered to the gentleman at Charleston, before
which he preferred to take the severance of the
Democratic party and of this Union. It says:
u It is the duty of the Federal Government in all it* de-
p:uti<]ciit* to protect when neeessaiy the rights of persons
and property in Hie Tenitouc--, and vvherevei else its con-
stitutional iiuthonty extend.--."
That was all he was required to accept as a com-
promise, and with it to take Air. Douglas for Pics-
ulent. That was the " slave codethe Breck-
inudge platform, the "honorable compromise"
tendeied to the gentleman, as he lay there, the great
representative of Douglas squatter sovereignty,
upon the funeral pile of the national Democracy,
with Yancey's knife at his throat. Take thishon-
orable compromise," the " slave code," and the
negation of popular sovereignty, with Douglas and
the preservation of the Union by the preservation
of national Democracy, or take the knife to Union
and Democracy. Mind you, Mr. Chaii man, Yan-
cey did not ask that this "honoiabie compromise,"
the Breckinridge platform, should be put into the
Constitution, and that it should then be made,
