THE CQNG&ESSIONAE.' GLOBE,
"THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1863.
New Series'.....No. 46.
tionable, and that is this: I refer to the provision
which looks to the enlistment of new men to fill
up that corps, and the returning of the men already
engaged in the business to their various regiments
There are two objections to that provision. As
a general thing, the men who have been detailed
to act as nurses and ambulance drivers, are men
who are not efficient in the field. They are men
who have been suffering from diseases and com-
plaints such as to unfit them for active service in
the field; yet they are men strong enough to act as
nurses and to drivi* ambulances. If the provision
I have alluded to be adopted, the result will be to
return to the Army a class of men who will be
unfit for service. Then, m the second place, the
men who have been acting as nurses and asdnwers
of ambulant es have become acquainted with Their
duties, and they will be more efficient than any
new men whom you can enlist. I have serum--]
objection, therefore, to that feature of the bill
which looks to putting new men in these positions;
and if the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has
charge of the bill, will make that alteration, so
that these men now detailed for the service-may
continue in their positions, 1 think that he will do
much for the efficiency of the bill.
Mr. McPHERSON. There is nothing to pre-
vent the general oi cnlonel attaching to the regi-
mental hospital as many nursts as now. The
men enlisted under this bill are to act as nurses,
drivers of ambulances, and as cooks. Ihere is
nothing to prevent the employment of those now
employed.
Mr. SHERMAN. It sends back to then- regi-
ments every one of ihe present faithful nurses.
Mr. McPHERSON. I differ very much with
the gentleman from Maryland; I do not think that
the infeiior men have been detailed for hospital
duty.
It often happens that a man goes upon extra
duty, and by some service or other attracts the
attention of the commander, or for some reason or
other he is detailed to perform hospital duty; and
not at all for reasmi of any inability to perform
the duties of a soldier proper. I know of a great
many meu in hospitals who would make admi-
rable soldiers, and who are willing to return to
service in the field.
It is impossible to obviate every possible ob-
jection which maybe raised or every particular
difficulty which may exist. We provide in this
bill that the proper department shall establish
regulations under which this recruiting shall take
place. There is nothing in this bill which will
exclude the power to permit men now on duly in
hospitals to enter into that service. If the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army shall so determine,
there is nothing in this bill to prevent it. lhat
is a matter which we can safely leave to the dis-
cretion of the auihorities.
Mr. WEBSTER. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the enlisted soldiers now serving
in the hospitals and ambulance corps can be en-
listed into ihe Army ?
Mr. McPIIER.SON. There is nothing what-
ever to prevent that, but I do not like to say abso-
lutely that they shall alt be retaliated, or to open
the door to them all, because there may be rea-
sons why that should not be done. I prefer to
remit that matter to those who have charge of tins
particular matter.
I demand the pievious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
Ft was accordingly read the thiid time and passed.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to reconsider the
voteby which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL'S OFFICE.
Mr. McPHERSON, from the Committee on
Military Affcirs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, an act (S. No. 463)
to, increase the clerical and other force of the
46
Quartermaster General -s Office, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. McPHERSON. This is ^Senate bill, and
was very fully debated an<l considered in the Sen-
ate some ten days ago. If no one desires any in-
formation upon the subject, I will relieve the
House, and demand the previous question upon
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put; and unde.r the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be read
a third-lime; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed,and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE.
On motion of Mr. McPHERSON, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
consideration of the following resolutions, and the
same were laid on the table:
A resolution to inquire into the expediency of
an act to authorize the President to accept of any
company, battery, or regiment for tlnee yeais or
during the war;
A resolution instructing the committee to in-
quire into the expediency of amending the law for
the enlistment of quartermasters and commissa-
ries of the regular Army; and
A resolution directing the commiUee to inquire
whether additional legislation is necessary to pre-
vent the evasion by paymasters or their clerks of
the act of J^nc 18, 1862.
WIIjMAM P. RlCriNKK.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, a bill f H. R. No. 694) fur the
relief of Lieutenant William P. Richner, of the
seventy-seventh regiment of Ohio volunteers.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secietary
of War to <£use to be paid to William P. itich-
ner, first lieutenant, company H, seventy-seventh
regiment Ohio volunteers, the pay and emoluments
of'a fust lieutenant of infantry, from the 31st of
December, 18G1* to the 31st of August, 1862.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman who reported the bill whether some gen-
eral legislation would not be wise, to cover many
such cases? 1 have in my mind several cases where
men have entered the service from the highest
motives of patriotism, and have seived in many
instances for months without pay, and at then
own expense. "When the paymaster camc round
he found some informality in the mode in which
they entered into the service. When they entered
the service they were more anxious to serve their
countiy than to reeeive their pay, and they have
been cut off from pay in consequence of the de-
cision of a paymaster. I ask whether some gen-
eral legislation should not be had to cover a class
of eases of which this is but a single instance?
Mr. WRIGHT. There is no doubt that there
ought to be a law to meet just such a class of
cases as the gentleman speaks of, and such as
this in the bill is. But the present case is one of
peculiar hardship. This young man received nn
appointment in December, 1861, and immediately
went into the service. He has remained there up
to the present time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
state from whom he received his appointment?
Mr. WRIGHT. He received his appointment
from Governor Tod, of Ohio. It seems that m
the company there was no vacancy, and the col-
onel of the regiment put him in command of a
company, and from that time he served as captain
of that company, and is still serving as such; but
there is no provision of law by which he can get
his pay. The proper officers certify to the facts.
Now, if this officer, having acted for a whole year
as captain, cannot draw his pay as a lieutenant,
it is a pretty hard case.
1 am entirely willing, as this matter is in my
hands, to examine this whole subject and report
hereafter a bill which will embody all this class off
cases; but there is no reason why this bill should
not pass as it came from the committee.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I raise the point of
order that the bill makes an appropriation, and
must be first considered in a*Commitiee of the<
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too.
late to raise that point of order, as the bill has*,
been considered already.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read"
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-'
irigly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which tliu bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THANKS to NAVAI, officers.
On motion of Mr. SEDGWICK, and by unan-
imous consent, the House took fiom the Speak-
ei's table tin joint resolution (II. R. No. 112) tend-
ering; the thanks of Congress to Captain JamesL.
Lardner, and other officers of the Nayy, in pur-
suance of the recommendation of the President
of the United States, with Senate amendments
thereto, for the purpose of considering the Senate
amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were severally
read and agreed to; so lhat the resolution, as
d, reads as follows:
. Resolved, $'cM That the thanks of Congress be, and they
arc hereby, given to the following officer* of the United
States Navy, upon the leeommendation of the President
of the United States, nam ily : Commodore Charles Henry
Davis for distinguished M-mces in'conflict with the enemy
at Fort Pilloiv, ar Memphis and tor successful operation*
at other points in the waters ot the Mississippi river; Cap-
tain John A. Dalilgren, lor distinguished semce in ihe tine •
of his profession, improvements in oidnui.ee, and xealotW
and efficient labors in the ordnance branch of the mtvicc;
Captain Stephen C. Rowan, for distingu^hed t-ervices in
tin- w.iteis of NoitU Carolina, and particularly in the cap-
ture of Newborn, bonw; in ehiel command ot the naval
toree.s; Commander David I). Porter, ior the bravery and
skill displayed m the attack on the Po*t of Aiknnsas, winch
sin rendered to tins combined military and naval foiees on
the lOili of January, 1«63; Rear Admiral Silas H. String-
ham, now on the retired list, for distinguished services in
the capture of Forts llutteras and Clark; and that a copy of
this ie-o!ution be forwarded to eaeli of the above officers by
the President of the United States.
The amendment of the title was agreed to, so as
to read:
A joint resolution tendering the thanks of Congress to-
Commodore Charles Henry Davis and other officers ot the
Navy, in piu-uance of the recommendation ot the President
ot the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs infotm the House
why Captain Lardner's name has been stricken
from the resolution ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. This resolution as passed
by the House included the name of Captain Lard-
ner for services at Port Royal. On that-occasion
Captain Lardner was not the commander of the
expedition, but was a subordinate officer. The
Naval Committee of the Senate, in passing upon
these resolutions, have come to the conclusion—
and the Senate have approved their action—to
give a vote of thanks to no one unless it is for
services in the command of an expedition or upon
a separate expedition of which he had control.
This rule, without any disrespect to Captain
Lardner or designing any reflection upon him,
because he is regarded as a very gallant, efficient,
and able officer, excludes him ftom this vote of
thanks.
The only other amendment of any consoquence
is the striking out of the leaso?* assigned by the
President for the thanks offered to Captain David
D. Porter when acting rear admiral, because in
the attack upon the forts below New Orleans he
was acting in a subordinate capacity; but the Pres-
ident having lately sent in a message recommend-
ing him for a vote of thanks tor the attack upon
Arkansas Post, in which he was the commanding
officer of the, expedition, that brings him within
the rule, and that reason is substituted in the reso-
lution fur the one given by the President. _ It is
to bring Uiis resolution within that rule,which the
