TO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
37th Cong....3d Sess;
The Rebellion—Mr. Shellabarger.
Ho. of Reps.
drum-beat, following the sun and keeping pace
with the hours, circles the earth with one continu-
ous and unbroken strain of martial airs of Eng-
land;" and which spread all over the British do-
minions—nay, sir, all over the great globe where
ever the common law pushes its sublime sway—
a vastand dazzling effulgence. The wordsof that
judgment, which are the most important, by far,
ever recorded in judicial records, are still there,
where they were when the Republic was made.
Read them:
" The claim of slavery can never be sup-
ported."
But, Mr. Chairman, high over all, central to
them all, penetratiog, pervading, and sanctifying
all, is that other precept from the lips of the Master
of them all, from which alike all government, all
law, all morality, and all civilization derive the
springs and sources of their existence. It says:
"As ye would that others should do unto you, do
ye even so unto them."
Such, incontestably, were the lights under
which were formed the institutions of the Republic.
I have sought, in fancy, to put them back again
in the same chamber where they were when the
Government was formed. I have gathered there
beneath those lights the shades of the men who
stood around the cradle of the Republic. And as
these pass before them lctgentlemen be silent, for
in that procession shall pass by every one of our
illustrious dead. Let them heed the sublime pre-
cepts to which as they pass each one of these
will point them. These their precepts are legible
yet, once traccd in light, now,alas! retraced in a
nation's blood. At the head of that pioccssion,
sir, I see him whose bones sleep—do they sloop,
sir, now ?—close by us at Mount Vernon. The
sentence to which Washington points the gentle-
man from Illinois, is thatone he uttered on the 9th
of September, A. D. 1786, just before he became
President of the Convention which made the Con-
stitution. In the name of the liberty which the
sword of Washington won; in the name of the
Constitution Washington made; in the name of
the God Washington feu red, I beg my counts y to
read that sentcncc to which Washington points us
aa he passes us by in this, may be, funeral proces-
sion of his Republic. Here it is: "It is among
my f lit st wishf.s to ske some it. \v adopted r y
which slavery in" this country sham. br abol-
ished by law."
Next to Washington, let Benjamin Franklin
pass by us. He wrote, in pat t, the Declaration of
Independence. Ilis name is to the Constitution,
is linked with every glorious memory of the Rev-
olution, is engraved upon the monuments which
philosophy erects for her most illustrious sons,
nnd his immortal epitaph she has chiseled there
in the language of another republic—"JCripuit
fit!men dc ca?/o, sceptrumqvc tyrannis." The words
to which Franklin points us, as he passes by in
the mournful procession, are the very last public
utterances of his illustrious life; and they come to
us, gentlemen of the House, withstartimsrempha-
sis, because they are words of prayer addressed
to an American Congress. To Congress he says:
fk J^top to the veiy V'-i^e of the power vested in you fm
<U<<eouu gmg every i-pecu'w of unfile m om-fellow men
* * * " devise miiiio means lor removing this in-
consistency of character fiom the Aaieiiean people."
My fellow-Ameucans, may I beg you, m the
light of the dread events now around us, to read
the words to which the gieat Franklin points us
as he goes by r
Next to Fianklin let the author of the Decla-
ration of Independence come. And as his great
shad'' proceeds, his fmgor is upon tin* words of
his which eonseetated to freedom a vast empire,
where now hv<- six million freemen. They are—
"Theio he. in the frntouf^ of the ^ortlnve-.t, ix-i
thei slaverynoi iiivoluiiuuj^eivilmle,oxeeptin punishment
oi crime."
Next to Jefferson let Patuek ITeuiy by—a
name connected with the springs and sources of
our free institutions, and wlm^e luster would only
be dimmed by any attempt at, eulogy. And as he
passes us by he repeats in solemn emphasis those
ever-memorable words of his, bearing date the
l#th of January, 3773—
" It a duty we oweto>he jmutvol uurrelision to show
that it is at vaiiancc with that law that wartains slavery.
I tir!ie\liiat the time HilRom** when an oppuitunity wil!
hi oil11< ii io abolish this lamentable ewl *'
Let the father of the Constitution, Madison, go
!jy, next to the illustrious Henry. And as he goes
he points those who dcclare that we brought this
war by our refusal to make slavery, by name, eter-
nal in the Constitution, to his immortal words—
"It is wrong to admit in the Constitution the idea that
there could be property in men."
But, sir, we weary in this review. There is,
from the illustrious ones of that assemblage we
have imagined of our revolutionary dead, no sin-
gle dissenting voice. There pass by us, in the
same procession of heroes, Hamilton, and Chase,
and Wirt, and Crawford, and Mason, and Pen-
dleton, and Marshall, and Lowndes,and Monroe,
and Tucker, and Pinkney of Mary land, and Lee,
and Randolph,and all—ail, as they pass by us—by
speech and act and vote, in the assemblies which
formed our institutions, admonish us to see to it
that freedom shall be the, law of the Republic.
And, sir, did time admit of it, I would let these
men point this House and the country again to
their illustrious deeds. But these deeds in favor
of freedom arc too vast in number and importance
to be recited. Let that one monument of their
wisdom and patriotism, erected by their hands at
the very vestibule of our national existence—the
ordinance of 1787—suffice for this hour. There
that monument stands, its base resting upon and
stretching across one third of the continent, and
its top far above the stais. In looking at it now
well may its great author, Jefferson, exclaim of
it, " I have reared a monument harder than brass,
more enduring than pyramids." Would the gen-
tleman from Illinois, if he could, now tear down
that monument? Would he now take from its
summit or from its eternal base one stono or one
fragment of one stone > Let him look at it now in
its awful grandeur as it stands before him, its top
" meeting the sun in its coming, theearliestlight
of the morning gilding it, and parting day linger-
ing and playing on its summit."
The first Congress which ever met under the
Constitution applied that ordinance, excluding
slavery from all our then Territories, to our new
form of government. Its beneficent provisions
began at the western base of the Alleghanies, and
swept across the great States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, far oil" to the Lake of the Woods. It was
passed by the very men who bad just made the
Constitution; passed early in the morning of the
first days of the Republic's existence; passed when
the young leaf upon our tree of liberty opened
to the sun its first verdure; passed when the first
oath, by the men who had made the Constitution,
had scarce, escaped from their lips to suppoi t it,
and bad scarce yet been l egisteicd by God to whom
it was addressed, and was approved by Washing-
ton on the same-day the War Department of this
Government was first created. And, sir, after it
was passed it received the illustrious signature of
Washington. Why, sir, in the light of the events
now surrounding us, and of the teachings of to-
day upon this floor, is it not a startling fact that
one of the very first statutes ever passed by an
A merican Congress, and one oft he very first which
reeei ved the appi oving signatui e of the first Pres-
ident—of the man "first m war, first in peace, and
firstin the hearts of his fellow-citizens"—provided
that there should be no slavery forever in all the
vast territories then owned by his Government;
provided precisely what, in the election of the
present Administration, the people declared to be
best for the whole country; provided precisely what
a gentleman on this floor now alleges our favoring
makes us the authois of this rebellion, and the
murderers of the three hundred thousand who
have fallen in Mr. Lincoln's six hundicd and
forty-one davs; and provided what another calls
a " high crime?" Ah, Mi. Chairman, will these
gentlemen be—not just, for that we do notexpect
—but will they omit to be monsters'
Why, sir, shall I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois what he would take as a consideration for
the beneficent results of that great act of the first
Congress and of Washington; fhatact under the
power of winch a nation of men, constellation
of States, an empne of wealth and civilization has
leaped, like Mmeiva from the head of Jove, full-
grown and beautiful ? Let him contiast Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, and the States protected by that
signature of Washington, with their six million
of free, happy, and prospeious sons, with their
more than empires of wealth, and their six inland
oceans of commerce, with any other equal extent
of slave territory upon which God's equally pro-
pitious sunandrainsdescend,and thenanswerme,
not like the truckling demagogue and partisan of
slavery, but like whathe is,the independent, high-
souled, and sagacious statesman. Nay, sir, what
would you take and have wrested from the brow
of your own great State of Illinois the crown of lib-
erty which Washington's signature, dated on the
memorable 7th day of August, 1789, placed upon
it? Why, Mr. Chairman, I will not ask him that
question, for it is asking him whether, for not one
piece of silver, he would have done against Illinois
what Iscariot got thirty pieces for doing against
Christ. 1 will not even ask what he would take
now and have reversed in history the action of
Randolph and his associates, by which, on the 2d
of March, 1803, they refused to permit slavery
to linger for one hour in all the beautiful borders
of ins great State. And yet, Mr. Chairman, it
was just what Washington and his First Congress
did for us; just what Randolph did for Illinois;
just that we sought to do for that vast and beau-
tiful earth which stretches from the waters of the
Mississippi to the Pacific ocean, and where our
children now plant
" The seeds of empire future, broad,
And rear the first altars to the pilgiim's God."
There we wanted to do for our children what
Washington did for us. And,Mr. Chairman,it
was only the non-abandonment, at the bid of trea-
son, by us of that desire that is denounced in this
House as the cause of this rebellion against Wash-
ington's Republic. It is that which makes the
six hundred and forty days of this Administra-
tion the murderers of three hundred thousand of
our children ! Sir, I might continue this exhibi-
tion of the precepts and deeds of our dead until it
included them all. From sire to son these prin-
ciples were transmitted and repeated. I might
recite the teachings by Webster, repeated in his
memorable declaration, that he would never do
aught " to extend African slavery on this conti-
nent, orto add anotherslavc State to this Union.''
I might point to that noble sentiment uttered by
the great Clay, when, wilh a vehemence almost
unlike himself, he declared that " no earthly
power could compel him to vote to extend slavery
into Territories now free."
But I must here pause, and let down the vail
which hides from us the examples of these great
men. Sir, if the Republic must perish, let all these
holy memories of its origin, to which I have al-
luded, and the names of its founders perish also;
and let that vail never rise again to agonize the
hearts of a perished people by the memories of
the frightful delusion under which our experiment
in free government was begun—a delusion, a lie,
enunciated in those words upon which that exper- -
iment was begun—that" all men by nature are en-
titled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;"
and, sir, let their names perish from among men
who deceived their children into the belief that
" neither slavery nor involuntary servitude* ought
to be extended except in punishment of cnmcs."
I, sir, have not exhibited again for the ten thou-
sandth time the words and deeds of these men of
the past, in the vain hope of convincing the gen-
tleman from Illinois or any one who says that the
non-abandonment of our principles at the bid of
rebellion caused this war, that Washington and
Franklin and Madison and Jefferson and Patrick
Henry and Burke and Wilberforce and Ulackstone
and Grotius and Mansfield and Wesley and Bax-
ter and Addison and Clay and Webster were right.
jNray, sir, not in the hope to convince him that the
universal conscience, example, and heart of mod-
ern Christian civilization is light. In obedience
to these, at the period of our Revolution, from the
vast dominions of the English, human slavery,
like a bird of evil, took its everlasting flight; and
in obedience to these it has been banished foiever,
since our Revolution, from France, Sweden, Den-
• mark, Russia, the Dutch West Indies, and, in-
j deed, from about every civilized people upon the
j face of the globe, xtfay, sir, not in the vam hopi
l to convince him that the teachings of all i hese and
! of the divine revelation is right, who->e sublime
precepts do inculcate a benevolence which, to adopt
the words of Patrick Henry, "is at variance
witil that law which warrants slatery/' I
