722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Committee on Naval Affairs deem a right one,
that the amendments were made.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I must now de-
cline to yield further; but before pressing my mo-
tion to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I ask to have two appropriation
bills, which have been returned from the Senate
with amendments, taken up and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. They are the
Post Office appropriation bill, and the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. YEAMAN. I object.
CLOSE OP DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move, then, to
close all debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the deficiency bill in
five minutes after the committee shall resume its
consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now insist on
my motion that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to—ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
W. II. BUMFIKLD.
On motion of Mr. MARSTON, the Commit-
tee 011 Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the claim of W. H. Bum-
field; and it was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
PAYMENT I'OU HORSES.
Mr. MARSTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, the bill of the House to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide for the
payment of horses and other property lost or
destroyed in the military service of the United
States;" and moved that the same do lie upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMISSARY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MARSTON, from the same committee,
reported back, with ail amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, bill of the House
Nu. 058, to promote the efficiency of the com-
missary dqmrimont.
The bill provides that there shall be added to
the subsistence department of the Army, by reg-
ular promotions therein, one brigadier general,
who shall be Commissary General of subsistence;
one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and two ma-
jors; the colonel and lieutenant colonel to be As-
sistant Commissaries General of subsistence; and
that the vacancies in the above-mentioned grades
shall be filled by regular promotions in the de-
parment.
The Committee on Military Affairs proposed
to add the following to the bill:
And tlie vacancies eroati'tl by the promotions hetein au-
thorized tiiny be filled by selections from officers of tllp reg-
ular or volunteer force.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly rend the third time and passed.
Mr. MARSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN DISTURBANCES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. YEAMAN, from the same committee, re-
ported back with amendments, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, bill of the House No.
619, to indemnify the State of Minnesota for ex-
penses incurred in the suppression of Indian dis- 1
turbanees in actual hostilities in said State since '
the 15th day of August 1862. I
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I wish to i nquire if j
thai Lull makes an appropriation of money, and to ;
reserve my right to object to its consideration in !
the House if it does so. I record my objection !
now to the end that I may not be precluded by
any ruling hereafter.
The SPEAKER. At the close of the reading
of the bill, the point of order will be in time, but
after there has been debate on a bill it is not in
time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to the Governor of Minnesota
or to his duly authorized agent the costs, charges
and expenses properly incurred by the said State
for enrolling, subsisting, clothing, supplying,
arming, equipping, paying, and transporting its
troops employed to suppress the Indian disturb-
ances in actual hostilities in the said State since
August 15, 1862, to be settled and paid upon
proper vouchers to be filed and passed upon by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, and
appropriates $10J3,000 for that purpose.
The amendments propose to increase the ap-
propriation to $250,000, and add a restrictive pro-
viso.
The bill, containing an appropriation, was there-
upon referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
TURNPIKE COMPANY.
Mr. YEAMAN, from the same committee, re-
Corted back,with a recommendation that it do pass,
ill of the House No. 698, for the benefit of the
£ resident and directors of the Bardstown and
lOuisvillc Turnpike Road Company inftentneky.
The bill was read. It appropriates $13,600, to
be paid to the president, directors, "and company
of the Bardstown and Louisville turnpike, being
the cash value of Uvo bridges on said road, one
over Salt river, and the other over Floyd's fork,
burnt and destroyed by order of General Nelson,
in command at the time of TJnited States troops
in Kentucky, as a supposed military necessity,
on the 22d of September, 1862.
Mr. F. X. CONKLING. I raise the point of
order that that bill, as it contains an appropria-
tion, must have its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. * 4
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
VOLUNTEER FORCE IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. YEAMAN, from the same committee, re-
ported back bill of the House No. 13t, to author-
ize the raising of a volunteer force for the better
defense of Kentucky, and the amendments of the
Senate thereto, with a recommendation that said
amendments be concurred in.
The amendments of the Senate were reported.
The first section gives the power to the Gov-
ernor of the State of Kentucky, by the consent
and under the direction of the President of the
United States, to raise and organize into regi-
ments a volunteer force not exceeding twenty
thousand rank and file, to be raised within the
State of Kentucky, to serve for the term of twelve
months, and to be employed within the limits of
the State of Kentucky in repelling invasion, sup-
pressing insurrection, and guarding and protect-
ing the public property, provided that at any time,
when it may be deemed necessary, in the discre-
tion of the President of the United States, these
troops may be employed out of the limits of Ken-
tucky against the enemies of the United States.
The second section directs that tiie regimental
and company officers shall be appointed and com-
missioned by the State of Kentucky, according
to the laws thereof, provided that the-officers of
such regiments shall be entitled to pay only when
the regiments and companies are filled as now
required by law, and while in actual service.
The third section piovides that the regiments
when raised and officered shall be mustered into the
service of theUmted States, and be subject to the
command of the President of the United States.
The fourth section directs that the officers and
soldiers, when enlisted and mustered into service,
shall be subject to the rules and articles of war,
and shall be placed on the same footing as other
volunteers in the service of the United States as to
pay, subsistence, clothing,and other emoluments,
except bounty, during the timetheyare employed
in actual seryice.
The fifth section authorizes a portion of this
volunteer corps, not exceedingtwo regiments, to
be armed and mounted as mounted riflemen.
The sixth section gives to the President the
power to make such other regulations, in regard
to the organization and service of this force, as he
may deem expedient for the interest of the service.
The seventh section directs that the volunteers
authorized by this act, or any portion of them,
may, by and with the consent of the President of
the United States, be attached to, and become a
part of, the body of three years volunteers, ac-
cording to such rules and regulations as the Pres-
ident of the United States may prescribe.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to refer the bill and
amendments to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. I see that this corps is to
be officered by appointments from the Governor
of Kentucky, who has already given his opinion
that the acts of the President are unconstitutional.
I want to be quite sure that this is all right.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The feature of the bill
to which the gentleman from Pennsylvania ob-
jects 
Mr. WJCKLIFFE. Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment?
Map WADSWORTH. Certainly.
_ Mr. WICKLIFFE- Mr. Speaker, this is the
bill which I introduced at last session 
Mr. WADS WORTH. I merely want to an-
swer an objection to the bill raised by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, and on the strength of
which he proposes to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
He says that this bill reserves to the Governor of
the State the power to appoint and commission
officers, and that that Governor has not taken a
position satisfactory to that gentleman on the
question of supporting the policy of the Govern-
ment. Sir, this is not an unusual power to be
reserved to the Governors of States. I believe the
Constitution itself is imperative in requiring offi-
cers in the State militia to be commissioned by
the States. 1 know no way to get the militia of
the State of Kentucky into the service of the Uni-
ted States without reserving to that State, through
its Governor, the appointment of the officers.
This bill does no more than that. It would be
extraordinary to make Kentucky an exception
to the course of legislation on this subject. The
loyalty of the Governor of that State needs no
defense at my hands, or at the hands of anybody
else. Any man who knows him as well as I do,
or as the people of Kentucky do, cannot doubt
his loyalty. He cannot, of course, expect the
indorsement of his loyalty from the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. No man can expect the in-
dorsement of that gentleman who does not sub-
scribe to his particular war policy, and the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky does not subscribe to it. There
are very few people in that State who do subscribe
to it. I do not know one.
The loyalty of the Governor of Kentucky and
of the Representatives from that State has been
compared by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to the loyalty of the Governor of New York. We
feel honored by the comparison. We do not as-
pire to any higher standard of loyalty than that
of the Governor of New York. We do not want
an indoisementfrom the abolitionists of this coun-
try or from the secessionists of this country. We
desire to live condemned by both of them, and ask
no prouder epitaph than one saying that we were
despised by both, and returned the compliment.
That we are not loyal to the Government, that
we are not faithful and zealous allies in the pros-
ecution of the war, no man can truthfully allege.
The Governor of New York says that our armies
in the field must be maintained and that the Union
must be maintained, and that " under no circum-
stances can the division of the Union be consented
to," The Governor of Kentucky takes the same
position. Ever since our State was invaded,
and since we have been compelled to enter the
arena of war, the present Governor of Kentucky
has been zealous for the honor of our flag. He
has done all in his power, as an individual and as
an official, to further the success of the war. There
is no man to-day in the United States who would
rejoice more than he to see the Army of the Uni-
ted States triumph. I repel the insinuation against
his loyalty made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. There is not the slightest foundation
for th€t insinuation. I do not suppose that pure
Kentucky patriot contemplates any event in which
he could ever approve of the rebellion now being
carried on against the United States. In that sen-
timent and feeling he is supported by the vast ma*
