f24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
all of these officers. And will the gentleman an-
swer for his party and the President that a traitor
will be put over them ?
Mr. WADSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I have
said all that I care about saying. I accept the ex-
flanation of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
understand that he does not mean to impugn the
honor of my State; but I maintain that his ques-
tion does, and it was to that that my remarks were
addressed.
There are men in our State now professing to
be Union men who mav prove false and go over
to the enemy for aught 1 know. I cannot be surety
for the honor of any individual, but for the honor
of my State I can be surety. I can give my word
that the State of Kentucky never will become the
ally of rebellion, because she detests it. Massa-
chusetts cannot hate rebellion with a more fixed
hatred than Kentucky. It will notdo too narrowly
to inquire into the conduct of individual citizens
of any of the States. He could not give me his
word that the citizens of Massachusetts will
always be true to the flag. 1 understand that
there are twelve hundred desertions among the
drafted men of his State. I do not know, how-
ever, that that is true.
Mr. DAWES. There have never been twelve
hundred drafted men in Massachusetts.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I do not know how the
fact may be; but he will find that soldiers of that
State have deserted the flag. This he concedes.
I ask no guarantee for the valor and fidelity of the
troops of that State. 1 yield to none in my admi-
ration for that patriotic people. On the whole, 1
think that thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Steyens] can trust us if we arc willing to trust
him. I think that the people of the North, of
Pennsylvania, and the other States, can trust the
people of Kentucky if we will trust them. There
are efforts made to sow distrust between them;
but I hope that they will recoil upon the heads of
their authois, and all distrust be laid aside, and
that the Government will defend us and permit us
to defend the Government.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, the Committee on
Military Affairs, of which 1 am n member, have
reported this bit! to (ho House and lecommended
its passage. It will be remembered that during
the last session of the present Congress a bill of
a similar description was passed by this House,
sent to the Senate, and was not acted on during
that session. At the present session that bill has
been taken up and materially modified by the Sen-
ate and sent to this House. 1 am persuaded if the
House will listen to us provisions and understand
fully its purpoit, it will not, in my judgment, meet
the opposition of any considerable number of the
members of this House. The bill docs not pro-
vide for raising, equipping, and organizing any
troops: it simply provides that, in the event the
Administration thinks it wise, politic, and pru-
dent to raise and equip twenty thousand troops,
it may have the liberty to uuse those additional
troops. The question will be seen to be simply
this: not whether it is prudent to raise twenty
thousand additional troops in Kentucky in the
way provided by this bill, but whether it is pru-
dent to give the Administration authority to do
so if the public exigency should require it. That
is the question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Allow me to say a few
words by way of explanation. I originally intro-
duced this bill. Tiie bill passed tins House at the
last session, it provided " that the tioops to be
raised should be commissioned by the athority
of the State, and that they were to guaul the State
and the public property in that State. It was de-
signed to have a kind of local cffcct, but subject to
be called by the commander of the district into ihe
public service out of the State, if necessary.
They have changed the whole feature of the bill.
It now permits Kentucky, if the President pleases,
to raise twenty thousand additional troops for
twelve months for the defense of the Union. I
would not give my stick for the bill as it now
stands.
Mr, OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I was about to ex-
plain what I understood lo be the le^al effect of
the bill to remove certain objeetions which have
been felt by gentlemen in this House to the adop-
tion of this measuiv. I had proceeded to state that
tiie bill does not, by its terms, raise twenty thou-
sand additional troops; but that it leaves the dis-
cretion wuh the President of the United States to
judge whether, in the exigencies of the public af-
fairs, in Kentucky or elsewhere, it would be de-
sirable to receive into the service that number of
troops. The question is, whether you can trust
to the Administration to judge of that exigency,
and to employ these troops, if it be desirable to
do so.
The bill further provides that these troops, if
raised, shall be officered by the Governor of Ken-
tucky—that is, that the colonel and the subor-
dinate officers of a regiment should be commis-
sioned by the Governor. The bill also provides
that the regiment when raised may be placed un-
der the command of any brigadier general in any
part of the State for the defense of the State; which
brigadier general is a federal officer, and to serve
in conjunction with any number of Federal troops.
Another provision of the bill is that the primary
object of these troops is for the defense of Ken-
tucky. It still further provides that in any public
exigency of the service those troops may be or-
dered anywhere else during the period of their
service.
1 ask the House can this power be safely in-
trusted to the Administration ? If it cannot, who,
in the name of God, can we trust > What is our
refuge ? where is our security ? You and I, Mr.
Speaker, may differ as to the ability with which
our public affairs have been administered; but that
is not a question about which it is worth while to
argue, wrangle, or debate. This Administration
is the only instrumentality that we have with
which to fight this rebellion and preserve the Re-
public, and any man who thinks that he is wiser
than the Administration, instead of limiting its
power, restraining ita energies, and seeking to im-
pair the public confidence m it, let him stay up its
hands, go, and if possible, convince it of its errors
and show it the path of duty and safety, and per-
suade it to adopt it.
Mr. Speaker, I think it the part of patriotism
and duty to intrust to the President, in this great
exigency of public affairs, all the power and all
the discretion that can ever be wisely oi piudently
intrusted to any man; and then, if it is foolishly
or unwisely exercised, God and the people I hope
will hold hnn to a just accountability.
The people of Kentucky have made some sac-
rifices in this struggle, and i think it unwise to
say to that people " hands off; we distrust you;
we will not rely upon your assurances or prom-
ises; we will not rely upon your patriotism, al-
though you have sent thousands of men into the
field to serve with our armies, and although by
yourexertionsalone youi State has been preserved
to the Union thus far." I thank her for the ser-
vice she has rendered, call it little if you please.
Is it not better thus than to have lost that gallant
State? I would not, therefore, m any act of legis-
lation of this House, needlessly throw distrust on
the fidelity and patriotism of a whole State. I
would not needlessly throw distrust upon those
who profess fidelity,fidelity to theUnion, and are
willing to sustain the Government. Give them
every encouragement, and extend to them every
indulgence. Beai as well ;is you can with then-
prejudices and then ei j ors, if snei) you deem them,
but in God's name give them all possible encour-
agement to rally around the old flag and bear it
up nmid this storm beating upon it.
I now call the previous question upon the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope not; all the speeches
have been on one side.
Mr. OLIN. i call for tellers upon seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were oi dered; and Messrs. Kellogg,of
Illinois, and Grider were appointed.
The House dnided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 77, noes 15.
So the previous question was seconded. :
The maul question was then ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon refening the bill to the Committee of the
Whole en the state of the Union.
Mr. EAMAJN". I rise to a point of order.
It is, that after the previous question has been
seconded, the member who reported a bill has a 1
riyht to close the debate upon it. |
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman claims that '
right, he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask my colleague to yield i
to me for a few moments. I will not detain the :
House long. !
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object. !
Mr. MALLORY. My colleague yields me the
floor entirely. *
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can hardly
do that when he is upon thefloor to close the debate
under the privilege awarded to him by the rules.
No one but the member who reported the propo-
sition is entitled to speak. The privilege is a per-
sonal one.
Mr. YEAMAN. I have only to say these few
words: that an objection to the passage of this bill
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] based upon the fact that these regiments
are to be officered by the Governor of Kentucky,
who, in his message, hag held that the President's
proclamation is unconstitutional and void, comes
with very bad grace from a man who has stated
upon this floor that he has heard this cant about
the Constitution as it is, and the Union as it was,
long enough, and is sick of it; who has advocated
secession doctrines in his place on this floor; from
a man two thirds of the people of whose State,
together with two thirds of the people of the north-
ern States, are at this moment standing side by
side with Governor Robinson in the position he
has assumed upon that subject. The President
in his inaugural and messages, the Secretary in
his diplomacy, the Senate and this House in their
resolutions, and the gentleman himself, in voting
for those resolutions, have denied the legality of
the proclamation; and now Governor Robinson is
denounced as disloyal because he denies it.
Sir, I do not defend the loyalty of Governor
Robinson, nor that of my State. I scorn to do it,
as virtue scorns to go upon the streets to proclaim
its own purity and innocence. Like my colleague,
[Mr. Wickliffe,] so far as the State of Kentucky
is concerned, 1 am indifferent whether this bill
passes or falls. It is only a question whether you
wish to add that number of troops to those now
in the service of the United States; and, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs said,
you only give to the President discretionary power
to raise them. I only rose to enter my protest
against this unfair and unjust imputation upon an
upright and loyal Governor and a brave and true
patriot.
Mr. GRIDER. I ask unanimous consent to
speak five minutes upon the bill.
No objection was made.
Mr. GRIDER. I have taken no particular part
m connection with this bill; but I am impressed
with the necessity of it, and know the reasons
why a bill of this description, for the defense of
Kentucky, should be passed; and I beg leave to
state a few facts.
I represent a border district, part of six counties
on the line between Kentucky and Tennessee.
Our loyalty, which has never been controverted,
has been shown in the counties upon that range,
by their turning out six or eight hundred volun-
teers m counties having only from twelve to fif-
teen hundred voters. I could name the counties
which have done that. Those men have been or-
dered off into the extreme South, if you please,
and we are left without aimsand without soldiers
in that part of the State. Our men have gone to
camps in distant fields; and the reason why we
desire to have a bill of this character is. that if our
foices should be driven back and our borders in-
vaded—for instance, if Rosecrans should have to
fall back, pass our State line, and take a position
within our State—we shall want men and arms to
meet the foe, and to assist our own troops which
are now in the field. Such are my views, and I
say, whether this bill has been well considered or
not, if you will give us the bill, I trust we will
give the Government and our own State a suffi-
cient number of men to overawe the enemy, if not
to conquer him.
Again, we have some eight hundred miles of
bouler line, and how many troops will it take to
extend posts along that whole range of border?
We have not troops enough to do it, and that is
the reason why we want these men and these
arms. Our enlisted men are now beyond that
line, and every week and eveiy day we are in-
vaded upon that line by guerrillas, our property
is stolen, and our substance consumed.
Now, sir, this bill provides for two regiments of
mounted infantry. I wish thatit provided that half
the whole number authorized by the bill should be
of that description. Then we could defend our own
border. Scarcely a mouth has passed during the
last year when my district has not been occupied
