?2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Crittenden.
Ho. of Reps.
the perfidy that justifies this treason, which drinks
up at once a nation's liberty and blood, and which
puts that treason's crimes upon the heads of those
who are the victims of its foul murders.
Mr. Chairman, my colleague, [Mr. Vallandig-
giam,] in his recent remarks in this House, plumes
himself upon the sagacity and foresight which
enabled hitn to foretell that the war for the Union
would igitominiously fail. Sir, it may fail. 1
liave opinions not like his as to the ability of a
groat people to defend the only institutions in the
world which stand for popular liberty and self-
government. But I need not state these opinions
here. The gentleman may be right, and this peo-
ple may be so craven as not to defend by the
sword the institutions and liberties which Wash-
ington, under God, won by the sword. But,sir,
let heaven, earth, and hell be witnesses of what
1 say: if this struggle should, as the gentleman
says it will, ignominiously fail to deliver the
Union and Government from a rebellion against
the right of popular suffrage, against republican
institutions and the liberties of the poor man—
for, mark it, that is what the rebellion is—then,
sir, that failure will be the result of efforts here
to alienate the people of this Government from its
support, and of the meditated purpose of north-
ern conspirators to unite us to the government of
the rebellion. And, sir, should that ruin be in
reserve for us, which God forbid, and should at
last be realized the hideous promises made by
northern men to these traitors, which urged and
invited and at Inst induced the blow from the re-
bellion—promises that one half the North would
sustain them in the infernal treason—then, sir, his-
tory will record high in the rolls, where she regis
ters the names of the masters in this work of m
famy, the nameof them who made these promises.
A nd, sir, in the 1 nfemo of some future Dante who
shall trace the spirits of those who are the archi-
tects of this hideous ruin, the infernal limner will
paint in foreground upon his canvas of mingled
lire, blood, and teui s, among their chiefs (hem who
incited the rebellion by promising to this treason,
as its hi st ally, one half the North, and whose
treachery to their country at last made the hellish
promise good.
Why, sir, the gentleman's book of prophecy of
the failure of a free people to repress a rebellion
against their libei tiea, of which he is so boastful
on this floor, and which he boasts that time, his
avenger, lias so nobly vindicated, has not in it the
abominable merit of the sibylline books, of fore-
telling, in ambiguous utteianees, events in whose
coming the prophets had no action. The gentle-
man is proud that he could foresee and foretell the
failure of the war for the Union. Sir, did he for-
get that so could Ftilvia foretell the day on which
Cicero was to be assassinated in his house? So
could Ceihegus foretell the day on which Catiline
would be at the gates of Rome. So could Catesby
foretell I hat Guy lAuvkes would be, with matches
in his pocket, under the House of Parliament upon
ihe 5th of November, 1605. So eould Benedict
Arnold foretell that Sir Henry Clinton was to be
at West Point upon the 525th of .September. And
so could Iscariot foretell that the Son of Man
would be betiayed by a kiss. Should these pi oph-
ecies of the failure of this Government to defend
itself against the sword of this conspiracy ptove
true, as they will should the great and hitherto
loyal Democracy of the Noith follow his lead, it
wdl be, sir, because these piophets who foretell
inir oveithrow shall succeed in making good,m
last, to the rebellion their pledges made years ago
tb;it a "majority of northern men were ready to
fight the South's battle on oui ground,"and would
be at last brought under the banners of that rebel-
lion. The gentleman denounces the war by our
Go\ eminent in dt Sense of its authority and exist-
ence as the first attempt in history by any Gov-
ernment to enforce the obedience, and icspectof
its subjects, as an absurd, wicked, and preposter-
ous failure. ItiH unprecedented and monstrous
to compel rebels toobey and respect a good Gov-
ernment, in this man's logic and history !
Why,sir, whose history has the gentleman read
Not Rome's, for Home killed Catiline at Pistoia.
Not England's, for England has a hundred Sedge-
moors. Not the United States, for that put down
Bun's conspiracy and the whisky rebellion. Not
Jeff Davis's, for that quells the rising in Georgia
against the conscription. Not the Utopia of Sir
Thomas More, for that had laws. He has not
studied the parts of that one hour of dreams he
gave us upon this floor, because during that brief
hour he preserves not the decent method there is
in madness. He, in one breath, denounces as tyr-
anny and monstrous delusion this war of the
Government, waged to keep itscapital,its forts,its
mints, its harbors, and its territory, and to secure
to all its citizens the right to follow to the Gulf the
waters of the Mississippi with travel and trade.
And then he tells us in the next breath that we
mean to compel this river, from source to mouth,
to remain free to our entire people, and that we
"must and will follow it with travel and trade,
not by treaty, but by right, freely, peaceably, and
without restriction or tribute, under the same Gov-
ernment and flag, to its home in the bosom of that
Gulf."
Why, sir, this last breath, taken by itself,
sounds bellicose—very. Jts " must and will" is
portentous of war. Should Jefferson Davis not
be in a melting mood when the gentleman gets to
the front of his batteries at Vicksburg, and should
the almost irresistible blandishments of the gen-
tleman's exquisite manners—adorned as he is
with a tiara on his brow set with those gems his
speech describes, the " slave code," the " right
of tiansit," the " right of sojourn," and all this
family of brilliants, and accompanied with a regal
train of bloodhounds—not overcome the obdurate
affections of Mr. Davis, nor silence his batteries
at Vicksburg, then the " must and will" of this
sentence looks as if our Lothario actually medi-
tated " creating love by force and developing fra-
ternal affection by war," and meant to make love
to the batteries at Vicksburg by the persuasions
of bayonet and hall. But, sir, when you put this
sentence along with the ones preceding, m which
all courtships by coercion are denounced as utter,
disastrous, and wicked folly, the villainous com-
pound does not approach to the dimensions of
third-rate rhodomontade, nor to the dignity of de-
cayed gibberish. What, sir, in one bieath tell
us that this Government " must and will "have,
" by right," the free navigation of the Missis-
sippi, Davis's butteries and the world to the con-
trary notwithstanding, and in the next tell us
that the effort of this Government to-day to en-
force that free navigation is unprecedented and
monstrous wickedness ! Why, sir, the gentle-
man, as I have said, is not mad, for there is some
method even in madness. What, then, is his
specch } Sir, 1 admit I do not know, anil think
the country will label it as Barnum named the
thing in his gallery of queer things, which was
neither man nor monkey, and which he called
" What is it ?"
Sir, the gentleman outdoes the philosophers of
Dean Switt, or somebody else, who otganized a
corporation to put out the sun and light their world
with sunbeams extracted fi om cucumbers. His
sagacity would be just equal to theirs if he had
stopped when Ins rhapsodies against coercion
were ended; and when he had got up a Govei n-
ment with a constitution, but with no power to
"protect or defend tt.;" with laws, but with no
authority to compel subjects to obey theni; with
«t capital, but with no light, owing to habeas cor-
pus, to ariest the Guy Fawkes who was about to
blow it up; with a President, made commander-
in-chief of its aimies to quell insuirection, but
with no ai mics to command, nor any right to com-
mand them; with exclusive control of its navi-
gable rivers, hut with no right to navigate them;
had he, I say, stopped then he would have been
just as wise as the cucumber philosophers. But
going on, after he has got up this admirable form
of government, to tell us in his most coeicive and
unlove-making manner, with teeth gritting, arms
defiant, nostrils distended, lips compressed, fists
clenched, face upturned, with the whole man on
tip-toe exalted, and eyes " in fine frenzy rolling,"
that this Government " must and will" have, oy
right, and not by treaty or tribute, the free navi-
gation of the Mississippi river, Jeff Davis nolens
volens; then, sir, is when I get " bothered." And,
Mr. Chairman, it is the duty of every member of
| Congress, tn imitation of the gentleman, to quote
ii some poetry in every speech upon this floor, In
SI obedience to that duty, and in dedication to the
11 lofty genius of the gentleman from Ohio for subdu-
ing rebellions without coercion, and by the match-
less seductions of the " compromise" which will
" preserve the Constitution as it is" by changing
it so as to fit each rebellion as it comes along,and
which will "enforce the laws" by altering them
so as to legalize each murder committed against
them, I quote from the Melodies of the Kingdom
of Lilliput:
" There was a man who loved a maid, who loved the
maiden much;
The maid disliked his form and size, and would not marry
such.
You like, said he, the mouse I'm told—the mouse in form
and size ;
I'll be a mouse to suit your views—a mouse by coinpio-
mise."
Sir, the life of the Republic will be decided speed-
ily. That existence self-evidently depends on those
who made it—the people. Should the mass of the
northern Democracy, in obedience to the counsels
of my colleague, [Mr. Vallandigham,] withdraw
their support from this Government m its struggle
against rebellion, then,as he predicts, we are de-
feated and lost. If they should follow those of
#such patriots and Democrats as he of Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Wright,] for whose recent speech
all patuots thank him and history will honor him,
and of such distinguished patriots and Democrats
as Wright of the Senate, Butler, Dix, Rosecrans,
and scores of other Democrats in the Army, in
this House, and in places of public trust and of
private influence, then, sir, the rebellion will be
overthrown, and the Republic will live to piotect
and bless us and our childien and our children's
children for ages; will live under " the Constitu-
tion as it is and the Union as it was," not when
Senators were stricken down in their own blood
in the Senate Chamber for words spoken in de-
bate, and when all over the South men were mur-
dered for repeating the sentiments of the Decla-
ration of Independence, but as it was when, in
its golden age, Washington and Madison were
fathers and Presidents of the Republic.
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. J. CRITTENDEN,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
January 29, 1883,
On the bill of the Ilousc (No. 675) to raise additional sol-
diers' tor the service of the Government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said:
Mr. Speaker: It seems to me that the defense
which has been made of this mattei, in the argu-
ment to which we have just listened, must, when
seriously considered, be regarded as a very insuf-
ficient defense. Sir, we have had a great deal of
sarcasm, a great deal of peisonality, a great deal
of argument founded upon particular and rare
instances, leading to geneial conclusions. My
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] whose last
speech was interpolated into that of the member
from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] speaks of instances
where negroes have been employed in the defense
of North Carolina, and during the revolutionary
war. The instances are so rate and insignificant
that the gentleman manifested some degree of re-
search m being able to allude to those instances.
They are pai ticnlarly so insignificant that history
takes no notice of them. And yet from these the
gentleman deduces general conclusions, and from
raie and tempoiary employment of negroes in par-
ticular emergencies and particular necessities, he
argues m favor of a system of military economy
upon our part which is to employ one hundred
and fifty thousand for five years—a longer term
of enlistment than any freeman has enlisted for.
Sir, this is not argument; it is a sort of system
of gladiation which may be well enough with gen-
tlemen of his age who choose to break a lance
with each other; but it is not the argument of a
statesman, and is not an argument applicable to
such a measure, or by winch such a measure can
be sustained or be opposed. I do not wish to reply
to any gentleman. I do not intend to addtess my-
self particularly in response toany gentleman who
has spoken. I wish to suggest my own thoughts*
upon this subject and be satisfied with that. I
have nothing personal; niy course leads me on in
a different direction, and, avoiding personalities,!
shall speak to the subject.
