726
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. '
Mr. HARLAN, from the select committee on
the Pacific railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 483) to establish the gauge of the Pacific
railroad and its branches, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
Mr .POWELL. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred a resolution to print one thou-
sand extra copies of the report of Hon. Edwin
M.Stanton, Secretary of War, and L. C.Turner,
judge advocate, communicated to the Senate Jan-
uary 5, 1863, in relation to citizens arrested by
authority of the Secretary of War, and the con-
ditions of their release, have instructed me to report
the same, and ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration. On that I wish to make a brief
remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The subject is not
now before the Senate. It will be passed over.
AKREST OK CAPTAIN REYNOLDS.
Mr. WALL. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia he requested to examine into the case of Captain
John Reynolds, of Camden, New Jersey, formerly of the
fourth New Jersey, who has been confined for several
months in Fort Delaware; and report the nature of the
charges against him, or by what authority he is held in such
confinement.
I have a word to say in reference to this reso-
lution 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
iirst ascertain if there is any objection to its con-
sideration.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. CLARK. Let it lie
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected to,
and must lie over under the rule.
DEATH OF GENERAL WARD IN CHINA.
- Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso
lution; Which was considered by unanimous con
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if In his opinion
not incompatible with the public interest, any information
which may have been received from the legation in China
, in regaid to the death of General Ward, a citizen of the
United States in the military bervice of the Chinese Gov-
ernment.
FEES OF COLLECTORS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resold
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to further answer the resolution of the Senate of the 15th
January, relative to the compensation of the collectors of
customs, by Informing the Senate what part of the com-
pensation of$.%940 paid to the collectors of customs in the
enumerated districts Is derived from fees and commissions,
and what part of said $5,940 Is derived from storage. The
information hereby requested, to cover the pctiod extend
ing from the 1st of July, 1835, to the 30th ot June, 1862.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROYasked, and by unanimous con
sentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 503)
to aid in the construction of railroads and tele
graphs in the State of Kansas, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S, No
504) to provide for the appointment of Indian
agents in Nevada Territory; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 505)
to incorporate the national association for the relief
of colored women and children; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 658) to piomote the efficiency of the
commissary department.
A bill (No. 694) for the relief of Lieutenant
William P. Richardson,seventy-seventh regiment
Ohio volunteer infantry;
A bill (No. 715) to provide for the construction
of a submarine cable.
A bill (No. 719) in relation to military hospitals
and to organize an ambulance corps.
A bill (No. 720) to make the State of Wiscon-
sin a part of the ninth judicial circuit.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the following bill and joint resolu-
tion of the House:
A bill (No. 137) to authorize the raising of a
volunteer force for the better defense of Kentucky.
A joint resolution (No. 119) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain James L. Lard-
ncr, and other officers of the Navy, in pursuance
of the recommendation of the President of the
United States.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 430) to provide for the protection
of overland emigrants to the States and Terri-
tories of the Pacific.
A bill (No. 463) to increase the clerical and
other force of the Quartermaster General's Office,
and for other purposes.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 684) to incorporate the Washington
Theater Company—to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
A bill (No. 694) for the relief of Lieutenant
William P. Richardson, seventy-seventh regi-
ment Ohio volunteer infantry—to the Committee
on Claims.
A bill (No. 735) to provide for the construction
of a submarine cable—to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 719) in relation to military hospi-
tals, and to organize an ambulance corps—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 720) to make the State of Wisconsin
a part of the ninth judicial circuit—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 658) to promote the effi-
ciency of the commissary department was read
twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There is no necessity
for that reference. The same bill was passed by
the House of Representatives at the last session,
referred to our Military Committee, and reported
favorably, and at the present session the Com-
mittee have reported a similar bill. I suppose,
therefore, this bill had better go on the Calendar,
so that it may<be called up for its passage hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That disposition
will be made of it, if there be no objection.
MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. CARLILE. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
discharged from the further consideiation of Senate bill
No. 431.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the bill?
Mr. CARLILE. It is a bill that I introduced
some time ago, and had referred to the Commit-
tee qn Military Affairs, providing for the appoint-
ment of a commission to examine and decide
upon military claims originating during the pres-
ent rebellion in the State of Virginia, west of the
Blue Ridge, prior to the 30th day of September,
1862. The reason why I offer the resolution is,
that it is well known to the Senate and the country
that the Committee on Militaiy Affairs is con-
stantly engaged in the consideration of matters
of general interest connected with the war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will first
ascertain whether there is any objection to the con-
sideration of the resolution. Is there any objec-
tion ? The Chair hears none. The Senator will
proceed.
Mr. CARLILE. The session is rapidly ap-
proaching its close. It is but an act of justice that
some steps shall be taken for the purpose of set-
tling these claims; and, merely to give an idea of
the character of them, I will read an extract from
a letter which I received frbm the Quartermaster
General in leply to one which I sent him on the
subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator propose
to consider this bill now?' The motion is to dis-
charge the committee.
Mr. CARLILE. I propose to discharge the
committee from its further consideration, jmd
then to ask the Senate 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its considera-
tion. I have no objection to discharging the
committee; but I cannot consent to have the bill
considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair the objection of the Senator from Illi-
nois is too late. The Chair asked very distinctly
if there was any objection to the consideration of
the resolution, and there was none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was to discharging
the committee, not to considering the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair put the
question distinctly to the Senate, whether there
was any objection to the^ consideration of the res-
olution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Chair will allow mc,
the resolution is simply to discharge the commit-
tee. I do not object to discharging the committee;
but that does not necessarily consider the bill.
Mr. CARLILE. I have not asked the Senate '
to consider the bill. " Sufficient unto the day ia
the evil thereof," I will say to the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nobody objects to dis-
charging the committee.
Mr. CARLILE. I wish to state, as a reason
why I desire that the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be discharged, that I hope, after the Senate
has done that, U will take such action as will give
the bill early consideration, and let it either be
passed or rejected. I sent to the Quartermaster
General a letter in regard to two or three of these
claims, and, to give an idea of the character of
them, I will read a few words of his reply:
" Philip Spindle, for use of wagon and team,  . The
officer certifying to the account has rendered no report of
persons and articles hired by ium to CfFver this claim.
•'•Account of Jno. E. Woodward &. Co., for iron, nails,
, . The officer who appears to have purchased this
property has failed to render Ins returns, accounting for it
as required by the Army regulations."
And such is the character of the objections to
these claims. The difficulty arises from some neg-
lect on the part of the officer over which the in-
dividual claimant has had no control, and that
has up to this time kept these people out of the
receipt of moneys justly due to them.
Mr. CLARK. I desire that the motion of the
Senator from Virginia may prevail, if the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have no opportunity
of considering a bill of this kind, and tnat it may
go to the Committee on the Judiciary. There is
very great want of the establishment of some tri-
bunal, some commission, or some body that shall
consider these war claims. They are constantly
pressing on the attention of Congress, and they
are to be the source of a good deal of difficulty and
annoyance. Perhaps Congress in the early part
of the struggle should have turned its attention
to the establishment of some tribunal to which
they should all go, and where they could properly
be considered. I hope the bill will be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection certainly to the motion made by the Sen-
ator from Virginia. On the contrary , I should be
glad to have the Committee on Military Affairs
discharged from the consideration of the subject.
We have before us not only that bill, but I believe
other papers in regard to matters of this kind. I
think the whole subject should be settled under
general legislation; and I would be glad to have
the committee discharged from its consideration
and have it referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary or some other committee who can prepare
a general law on the,subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL, if the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs are to be discharged from the further
consideration of this subject for the puipose of
sending it to the Judiciary Committee, I think the
discharge had better not be granted. It seems to
be a bill relating to claims against the Govern-
ment, and its appropriate committee is the Com-
mittee on Claims. We have had this subject
before the Committee on the Judiciary, and the
committee have been indisposed to take any ac-
tion in reference to it, and 1 think it shoUd not
go there. I have no objection to discharging the
Committee on Military Affairs from its consid-
eration.
