1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•m
Mr. CLARK. I have no choice between the two
committees; but I supposed the Military Commit-
tee was overburdened with business, much more
go than the Judiciary Committee, and that the
subject might more properly go to the Judiciary
Committee. That has been the committee which
has usually-had charge of all business relating to
courts and the establishment of tribunals for the
trial of causes; and it seems to me, therefore, to
be the appropriate committee to consider this
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution offered by the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I now move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I think it is
not appropriate to that committee. If the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire supposes that that
committee has not business enough to do he is
very much mistaken. The Judiciary Committee
has not been able to get through the business be-
fore it at this session at any meeting. "We have
very many important bills pending there, and it
is impossible to thoroughly consider the business
that is before them. It is impossible to get the
members of the committee together and devote the
necessary time to examine thoroughly the ques-
tions that are before them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the fault of the
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whether it
is the fault of the committee or owing to the press
of business. You must remember we have had
before that committee some very controverted
matter. Much of the business that goes to the
committee is of a conti o verted character, and takes
a good deal of time to consider it. 1 trust it will
not be sent to that committee, but to the Commit-
tee on Claims, which is the appropriate commit-
tee to provide the ways and means of settling
claims. It is not to establish a court.
Mr. CLARK. I certainly did not say that the
Judiciary Committee had not business enough be-
fore it. I said I thought the Military Committee
had more than the Corpmiltee on the Judiciary*,
and I only judged so from the bills that are pro-
duced from the Military Committee and the action
here. Most of the important committees of the
Senate are burdened with business. What I de-
sire is that the Committee on the.Tudiciary should
establish some tribunal, not to consider these
claims and act upon them, but to establish some
tribunal before which these claims can be brought
and adjudicated and allowed; and that is the proper
business of the Committee on the Judiciary. The
Committee on Claims is charged with examining
the claims themselves; but I do not understand
that that is proposed in this case, but to establish a
tribunal which shall decide these claims. I think
it should go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr, CAR.LJLE. I have no objection to this
bill going to any committee. AH I desire is to get
the subject before the Senate. I will state that
this bill was prepared at my request at the quar-
termaster's department, and after the appointment
of a commission to audit and settle these claims,
it still gives a revisory power to the Secretary of
the Treasury over their action. I am anxious that
the bill should go before whichever committee has
the most time to devote to the consideration of
such subjects, in order that we may have an early
report to the Senate, and some action shall be
taken upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. As there seems to be so much
objection among the standing committees to take
charge of the consideration of this subject, I would
suggest that it be referred to a select committee.
A select committee could prepare a bill establish-
ing a general mode of taking proof in relation to
these accounts and for their settlement; and after a
select committee had framed and reported a bill for
that purpose, if it was deemed advisable, the bill
could be recommitted to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, if there was anything objectionable found
in the bill as reported by the select committee.
The session is drawing to a close; the standing
committees it seems are burdened with business;
here is a subject that requires legislation and ought
to be legislated upon; and for the puipose of ex-
pediting the preparation of a proper measure that
will embrace the important subject referred to in
this debate and in the bill of the Senator from
Virginia, I will move that that bill be referred to
a select committee of five, and let the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, who is a very in-
dustrious and astute and able member of the Sen-
ate, be the chairman of the committee.
Mr. CLARK. I certainly shall not arrogate
to myself what will properly belong to the Senator
from Kentucky under his motion; but in order to
let his motion be tried, as 1 have not the least ob-
jection to the matter going to a select committee, I
will withdraw the motion to referto the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and the question may be
taken immediately on the appointment of a select
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As we are losing the whole
morning hour in discussing this matter 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on referring the bill to a select
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone that
question and all prior orders, and that tne Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
481.
Mr. CLARK. What is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. A bill regulating juries in
thecourtsof the United States. It is a bill of public
importance, and I think it will pass without ob-
jection if it can be read. It is very short.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senator and the Sen-
ate will pardon me for suggesting that we had better
dispose of this other matter first. It is a matter
of a good deal of importance. It istakingagood
deal of time, and will take more unless we dispose
of it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has already been dis-
cussed twenty minutes, and in that time we might
have passed half a dozen bills and sent them to
the House of Representatives, which will fail for
wantof consideration there unless they are passed
soon.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senator will not com-
plain of that discussion, as he and I had the most
of it to ourselves.
Mr. CARL1LE. I hope we shall be allowed
to take a vote on this subject and get rid of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves to postpone all prior oiders, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. WADE. I can hardly agree to that unless 1
am compelled to do so by a vote of the Senate. The
business of the morning hour of yesterday ought
to be taken up and finished. I do not like it to
lose its precedence in this way.
Mr. CLARK. Let us tuke a vote and dispose
of this other subject.
Mr. WADE. You cannot dispose of it now,
because there will be a debate upon it.
Mr. CLARK. Let us try.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall proceed to the
consideration of the unfinished business of yes-
terday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recius on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, to refer the pending bill to a select com-
mittee of five.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
shall the committee be raised?
Mr. CARLILE. By the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Da-
vis, Mr. Clark, Mr. Sherman-, Mr. Carlile,
and Mr. Ten Eyck as the committee.
JURIES IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 1 f there is no further
morning business, the unfinished business of the
morning hour of yesterday is the bill (H. R. No.
265)_ to authorize the Court of Claims of the Uni-
ted States to hear and determine the claim of the
heirs of Stephen Johnston, deceased.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal to the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who has charge of this
bill, which will give rise to some discussion, to
allow me to call up three or four bills from the Ju-
diciary Committee of public importance, to which
1 think there will be no kind of objection, for the
purpose of having them passed and sent to the
House of Representatives. 1 have tried to get
the floor for a week; and at this stage of the ses-
sion, unless they are acted upon, speedily, they
will receive no consideration in the other House.
They are of importance in the administration of
justice; and I hope the Senator will allow me to
call them up.
Mr. WADE. I will yield now; but I give no-
tice that to-morrow morning I shall endeavor by
all means to finish the bill that was under consid-
eration yesterday morning. The Senator can go
on with his bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 481.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 481) relating to juries in the courts
of the United States. It provides that the num-
ber of grand and petit jurors to be summoned in
any judicial district, and the mode of selecting
such jurors, shall be fixed and regulated as the
Supreme Court of the United States may from
time to time prescribe; but the present modes of
selecting^such jurors are to continue until they
shall be changed pursuant to the provisions of
this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COURTS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 636) concerning the district
courts of the Territory of Washington. It directs
that the district court in and for the several dis-
tricts in the Territory of Washington shall be held
at such times and places in those districts (not ex-
ceeding three places in each district) as the Legis-
lative. Assembly of the Territory shall by law de-
termine; but until the Legislative Assembly shall
otherwise provide, the courts are to be held as now
provided by law.
The bill was reported to tLs Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. $
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiicridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Hoiffce of Representatives had agreed to some
and disagreed to other amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (No. 617) to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1863, and had agreed
to the firstamendmentof the Senate to thesaid bill,
with an amendment in which itrequested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives insisted upon its disagreement to
certain amendments of the Senate toUhe said bill,
and upon its amendment to the amendment of the
Senate thereto, had asked a conference upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Justin S. Morrill, of Ver-
mont, Mr. Joh.v L. N. Stratton, of New Jer-
sey, and Mr. Charles J. Biddle, of Pennsylva-
nia, managers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The mesg&gefurtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had^signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 137) to authorize the raising
of a volunteer force for the better defense of Ken-
tucky.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 112) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Commodore Charles
Henry Davis and other officers of the Navy, in
pursuance of the recommendation of the President
of the United States.
VACANCIES IN EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I move to take
up House joint resolution No. 118, to revivejan
act to secure to the officers and men actually em-
ployed \\\ the Western department, or department
of Missouri^their pay, bounty, and pension, and
for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will let me get through with these bills.
I have had two of them passed in five minutes,
and I think i can get two more passed in five min-
utes « r peihaps ten minutes more.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Very well
