ns>
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 80,
3fan Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Wright.
Ho. of Reps.
into the ranks you not only incur the risk of de-
moralization of the army of white men in the
field, but you incur the still greater risk of driving
them from it forever.
Mr. Speaker, the fact that we have met with re-
verses does not furnish me with a reason to abandon
the idea of fighting on to the restoration. The end
can be attained if our counsels here can be estab-
lished on a mutual basis—one which shall unite
the action of this House. I am not one of those
who are willing to believe that we may for any
cause abandon our country. It is a great empire
which we occupy. It is agrcatGovernmentunder
which wc live. Its citizens are surrounded with
such privileges as are enjoyed nowhere else. Lot
us cling to it for very life. To us it is everything.
Therefore the white race will, in my opinion, fight
for the existence of the Union so long as there is
the least chance or opportunity of its preservation.
I mean the loyal white race.
Mr. Speaker, the bill is one which in the border
States will, 1 fear, work incalculable mischief. We
have been told here, by the eloquent gentlemen
from Kentucky, that this bill,adopted, drives that
State out of the Union. The same argument reaches
Tennessee, Maryland, and New Virginia. With
these border States gone, where will we stand?
Kentucky alone has forty thousand men in arms
on the side of the Union. The others I nave
named have furnished their quota. We cannot, in
this emergency, afford to lose the great conserva-
tive and patriotic State of Kentucky. We cannot
afford to lose Maryland, with Baltimore, its great
commercial city. Wc cannot afford to lose that
portion of Virginia which we have incorporated
into a new State. We cannot afford to lose any
portion of these border States, which have made
common cause with us in the preservation of the
Union. Why then do you wish to separate them
from us by ill-advised legislation? Why not hold
out to them some inducement not only to stand
firm by the Union but to impress upon them how
highly we appreciate their noble com!uct? In the
place of forcing upon them obnoxious laws, we
should avail ourselves of their good counsels.
The able arguments those gentlemen have made
in opposition to this bill should demand our most
serious attention. They speak with feeling, and
under the impression that its passage will be fol-
lowed by the worst possible consequences. It is
the voice of warning issuing from the lips of age
ant! experience. Shall we give our attention?
Shall we profit by these precepts? The sunn: voice
of warning reaches our ears from the country.
Shall we plunge on in blindness ? Is this the part
of wisdom ?
We cannot afford to lose these bonier States.
We must not break our alliance with them. We
must in>f fet them go when we have the power to
retain iliem. Pail with them, and I fear (hat all
will be lost. You are on the eve ofdriving them
from us forever. In such art event, the idea of res-
toration is a vain hope—the shadow of a shade.
It you pass yout bill putting one hundred and
fitly thousand negroes in the field, you will not
find rue backing from my position m support of
the Union. I f you put a million negi ors into the
field as an army, it, will not in any degree lessen
my attachment for the Union. 1 am willing to
stand by the flag while there is a solitary stripe
of bunting left. Under no pretext will I abandon
it. In prosperity or defeat, I honor and adore it;
but while I speak for myself, J cannot speak for
others. I have no feeling or prejudice toward the
black man. i am opposed to slavery as an abstract
question. Unfortunately, it was fastened on the
Government. I am sorry it was.
But gentlemen must remember that we must
deal with it tn a spirit of candor; it must not be
made the cause of our ruin. There are the feel-
ings and prejudices and passions of loyal men
where it exists that must be taken into account,
and if it is possible they must he reconciled, rec-
onciled by mutual conciliation and just, and well-
conceived" legislation. No hasty or inconsiderate
act should sepaiate the two sides of the Chamber
from the adoption of a common line of policy,
which, if not agreeable to both in every pai tienlar,
will at least produce a result for which we all, 1
trust, hope and pray.
Sir, i do not know what is to be the destiny of
this bill. Perhaps it may become a law. But,
sir, in my intercourse with the soldiers of the Army
within the last three or four days, many officers
of the Army, northern men, have told me that if
you send#the black man to fight the battles of the
country itis in fact a condemnation of the courage
and valor of the present Army, and they will so
regard it, and will seek the earliest opportunity
to leave the service. How far that feeling may
extend in the Army I do not know, but I do know
that it exists.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would like to know
whether the officers to which the gentleman al-
ludes were from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir; I have been told so
to-day by officers from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am very sorry to hear
that that is the talk of any Pennsylvania officer
or soldier.
Mr. WRIGHT. It is the talk of the Army,
nevertheless, and by no means limited to a few.
Mr. MOORHEAD. If such be the opinions of
Pennsylvania officers, I should like to know the
names. I should very much like to know whether
any officer from my district has expressed such
sentiments.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to inter-
ruptions.
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir; Pennsylvania offi-
cers whose loyalty or patriotism can be no more
questioned than my colleague's or mine, and I be-
lieve we are both pretty good patriots. We want
the assistance of the very men who make use of
that argument to sustain the Union. We want
their assistance to fight the battles of the Republic.
So far as the, qualifications of the black man to
become a soldier me concerned, I do not propose
to enter into the discussion of the subject. Con-
cede that he has all the valor and bravery that you
claim for him, still the fact remains that it is not
in the nature of things that the black man is to save
this Union. If it is done, it must be the work of
twenty million white men. If there be not enough
of physical sticngth and courage in twenty mil-
lion white men to .-stand up against this rebellion,
put it down, and thus save the Union, then you
must not expect to save it at all. You place your
reliance in vain upon such a plan of security. It
is idle to enteitam the thought.
Mr. McPHERSON. My colleague will allow
me to say one word just here. I know not what
may be the general sentiment of the Army upon
this subject, but 1 do know that it is not, so far as
my observation has gone, such as my colleague
slates. Since this bill has been under considera-
tion to-day, I was called from my scat by an offi-
cer whom I have known for many long years,
who was in all the battles before Richmond, and
who called upon me to say that should this bill
become a law, he desired to render whatever ser-
vice he could in organizing these troops.
Mr. COX. What officer was that?
Mr. McPHERSON. A captain.
A Member. Who wanted double pay, you
may be sure.
Mr. McPHERSON. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
have noticed all along, and I am very sorry to ob-
setve the indications of it to-day, that whenever
there is any statement made intending to show a
willingness upon the part of the Army to acqui-
esce in what may be the determination of the le-
gislative branch of this Government touching this
question, the oiher side of the House stand ready
to cast imputations upon the motives of any man
who is so willing to dischaige his duty—such as,
all (buy want ib double pay. Now, sir, I desire
to cast no imputations upon any one who may be
either for or against this bill. I know that Col-
onel Henry Lumens, I know that George Wash-
ington, and many of ihe best and bravest men that
lived in the days of the Revolution, or that live
now, were willing and are now willing to admit
any man into the military service who is willing
to fight to sustain our cause.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ieally cannot give way to
my colleague to make a speech. I yielded the
floor to him for no such purpose.
Mr. McPHERSON. I beg my colleague's par-
don. I should not have taken a minute of his time
had it not been for the smile of contempt, and the
language of con tempt, improper and insulting, that
I obseived in some gentlemen sitting near my col-
league.
Mr. COX. The gentleman I hope does not
refer to me.
Mr. McPHERSON. No, sir, I had no refer-
ence to the gentleman from Ohio at all.
Mr. COX. Let me say in reply to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania 
" Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to any
further interruptions.
Mr. WRIGHT. In reply to the remarks of
my colleague, I have to say that I make no impu-
tations upon anybody. I will say further to him,
however,-that in the war of the Revolution there
Was not a whole regiment of black soldiers raised,
all told, and that in the war of 1812 there was not
a company of black soldiers in the service.
Mr. McPHERSON. If my colleague will per-
mit me to read it, I have a document before me
showing that he is mistaken in the statement he
makes.
Mr. WRIGHT. I cannot yield. Iwasgoingon
to say, that there was not a single black soldier in
our armies during the Mexican war, which re-
sulted in the triumph of the American arms.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the white race has the
courage, the white race has the physical power to
take care of itself. If we are driven to negro sup-
port for the maintenance of our liberty, then in-
deed have we fallen from our high estate. Letthe
Anglo-Saxon stand aloof from the conflict in which
his liberty is involved, and coverhis face with his
hands in shame.
I cannot be made to believe that a reliable branch
of the public defense can be made up of a negro
soldiery. If the military arm of the Government
degenerates into this,1 see no ray of hope left. If
we save our country, it is the white man that must
do it; it is the Anglo-Saxon blood which courses
through the veins of the noblest people on earth
that must decide the fearful issue of the day, Itis
on their courage that we must rely. Here rest our
hopes, and here is suspended our future destiny.
Let not history record the fact that this free Gov-
ernment, backed by its millions of white men,
owed the safety of their Union to the valor of a race
of men whom they refuse to treat as their equals.
Introduce the negro into your Army, and you
demoralize that Army and destroy its usefulness.
If such be the result, is it not blindness, is it not
madness, to make the attempt? Let me say that,
though I speak with warmth and feeling upon
this subject, I have no partisan feeling against
any gentleman upon the other side who differs
with*' me in opinion. I have unifoimly voted with
you for what I conceived to be all proper meas-
ures to put down a wicked and causeless rebel-
lion. I have on no occasion flinched from this
great responsibility. In this effort you have always
found me with you. When you wanted more men,
I voted for more men, and when you wanted more
money I voted for more money; that has been my
course on every measuie which has been pre-
sented for supporting this Government, from the
commencement of this Congress, in Us extiases-
sion of July, 18G1, down to the present time, and
such will continue to be my course in the future.
My feelings are all with the Government m the
suppression of the rebellion, and my acts have
all been to suppoi t and maintain it. You have my
pledge that such shall be my course in the future.
But my point is that among the political friends
of the 'Government, there ought to be conciliation
and compromise; because you, gentlemen, upon
the other side of the Chamber should not assume
to override and overrule the judgmentof othermen
on this side, who have peihapsas good an oppor-
tunity as you to know what would be a correct
policy to be pursued in these unhappy times. You
should not evade the offer; you should, on the
contrary, be not only willing but anxious to har-
monize the feelings of the House, and this would
give harmony to the country.
It is idle to blind our eyes to the condition of
things existing m the army of the Potomac, and
to some extent in the army of the West, to-day.
There is a way, gentlemen, in which you may
save this Union. If you will but jestJie to the
command of the army of the Potomac General
McClellan, I do believe you can save the country.
[Loud applause in the gallery.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will order the
galleries to be cleared if such demonstrations are
repeated.
