SHI 'CONGRESSIONAL &1L0EE.
February. 5,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take upSenate
bill No. 468, temporarily to supply vacancies in
the Executive Departments in certain cases. It
-*is a bill to carry out the suggestion of a commu-
nication from the President of the United States,
-authorizing him temporarily to call other officers
■*to discharge the duties.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
*a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, it provides that in case of the death,
.resignation, absence from the seatof Government,
or sickness of the head of any'Executive Depart-
ment of the Government, or of any officer of either
of the Departments whose appointment is not in
the head thereof, whereby they cannot perform
the duties of their respective offices, it shall be
lawful for the President, in case he shall think it
necessary, to authorize the head of any other Ex-
ecutive Department, or other officer in either of
the Departments, whose appointment is vested in
the President, at his discretion, to perform the
duties of the respective offices until a.successor
be appointed, or until such absence or inability
by sickness shall cease-, but no one vacancy is to
be supplied in this manner for a longer term than
w«ix months.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that this bill
confers upon the chief of a Department the power
to moke asubordinateappointment now vested in
the President of ihe United States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, not at all. The
whole object of the bill is this: there have been
several laws on the subject, and as the laws noiv
exist the President of the United States has au-
thority temporarily to fill the office of Secretary
of State and Secretary of War, with one of the
other Secretaries, or by calling some person to
discharge the duties. We received a communica-
tion from the President of tiie United States, ask-
ing that that law be extended to the other Execu-
tive Departments of the Government,which seems
• to be proper; ahd we have fram«d a bill to cover
all of these cases, so that wherever there is a va-
cancy the President may temporarily devolve the
duties of one of the Cabinet ministers on another
Cabinet minister or upon the chief officer in the
Department for the time being. No additional pay
is given, by another law.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not put that in thfsbill?
Mr. TRUMBULL, It is already the law of the
land, enacted some years ago in order to prevent
a class of cases that were frequently brought be-
fore Congress, asking pay for discharging the du-
ties of two offices. We passed a general law on
the subject that none should be allowed.
Mr..GRIMES. Jt is very true that we have
such a law us that on the statute-book, but it does
not attract the attention of these officers, and we
are eonstarTtly beset with applications of that de-
scription. We have one or two now before a com-
mittee of which I am a member, from persons
who have been performing the duty of one grade
although they are connected with another grade,
and they claim to be entitled to the highest nay
of the two grades. If it was enacted in the law
which authorized their appointment that they
should not be entitled to it, it would attract their
attention; and they would know it was not pos-
sible for them to leceivc this pay.
Mr TRUMBULL. There is a statute on the
subject just as .strong as we could make it. i
should have no objection to reenacting it, except
that it is reenacting what the law is.
Mr. GRIMES. I know there is such a law as
that, but 1 do not know whether it is intended to
cover a case of this description. Where a man
is filling, for instance, the grade of a lieutenant,
and the exigencies of the service require that he
should perform the duties of quartermaster, and
the quartermaster's pay is $1,000 more than that
of lieutenant, he does not get that extra $1,000.
That is the case which I think the law ©overs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the bill lie on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear how it is.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I have explained it already
to the Senate. The Senator moves to lay it on the
table 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not
debatable.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have stated to the Sen-
ate that it is the law of Congress now as clearly
as it can be written that no officer who discharges
the duties of another office in any of those Depart-
ments shall receiveany extra compensation on ac-
count of it, That is the statute; and if the Senator
from Iowa wants the statute reenacted, it will irot
make-it any stronger. I have sent for Brightly's
Digest with a view of referring him to the statute.
I had itbefore meat the time we had this bill under
consideration in the committee. I cannot turn my
eye at this moment to the statute; I examined it
in reference to that very subject, and I know it to
be the law. I have no objection that the Senator
from Iowa should put it upon this bill if hewants
to do so; it will only reenact what the law now is;
but that we should lay upon the table the bill be-
cause the Senator from Iowa makes a suggestion
of this kind, seems to me very singular. 1 do not
wish to amend the bill. The law is plain as it is.
I think 1 can find the statute in a moment, though
I do not turn my eye to it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and it was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any doubt about
the point suggested by the Senator from Iowa—
I do not think there is  e
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say there is no doubt. I
examined the law when we had this under con-
sideration in the Committee on the Judiciary. The
Senatorfrom New York [Mr. Harris] has turned
me'to it. It provides that—
" No officer in any br;incli of the public service, or any
other person whose salary, pay, or emoluments, is or are
fixed l>y Jaw or regulations, shall receive any additional
pay, extra allowance,or compensation, in any form what-
ever, tor the disbursement of public money, or any other
service or duty whatsoever, unless the same shall be au-
thorized by law/' *******
" No allowance or compensation shall be made to any
cieik or other oflictfr, by reason of the discharge of duties
which belong to anv other clerk or officer m the same or
any other Department; and no allowance or compensation
shall be made lor any extra services whatever, winch any
clerk or oilier officer may be required to perform/'
Now, if the Senator from Iowa asks to reenact
that, I have no sort of objection; but it is just as
strong as I should know how to draw it.
The bill was passed.
COURTS IN SEVENTH CIRCUIT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 488, to change the times of hold-
ing the circuit and district courts of the United
States in the several districts in the seventh cir-
cuit.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that hereafter the circuit and district courts
of the United States for the several districts in the
States composing the seventh judicial circuit shall
be held as follows: at Cleveland, for the north-
ern district of Ohio, on the first Tuesdays in the
months of January, May, and September in each
year; at Cincinnati, for the southern district of
Ohio, on the first Tuesdays in the months of Feb-
ruary, April, and October in each year; at De-
troit, for the distiict of Michigan, on the first
Tuesdays in June, November, and March in each
year. All recognizances, indictments, or other
proceedings, civil and criminal, now pending in
either of those courts, are t© be entered and have
day in court and be heard and tried according to
the times of holding the courts as1 thus provided.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MILITIA LAW.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order, which is the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being the bill (S.
No. 493) for the encouragement of reenlistments
and for enrolling and drafting the militia, and for
other purposes. The pending question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia. [Mr. Car-
lilEj] to strikeout the fourth section of theamend-
ment of the Committee on Military Affairs. Did
the Senator from Virginia modify his motion by
proposing to ineeit what was suggested by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan?]
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir. I simply move to
strike out the section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section pro-
posed to be stricken out will-be read.
The Secretary-read, as follows:
-Sec. 4. be it further enacted, That every person who
shall, in pursuance of any law of the United tfute?, or re-
quisition of the President, lm drafted as a soldier, dial),
when so drafted, be deemed to be in the actual service ot*
the United State?-, and shall be thereupon subject to the
rules and articles of war in the same manner a-- though he
had been mustered into the service of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I did not
take the floor with a view to discuss this bill
much, but I did it in consequence of suggestions
which 1 have heard from different quarters, and
especially from the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard,] whose suggestions in rela-
tion to law, and constitutional law particularly, I
always hear with very much respect. Incon-
sequence of those suggestions, 1 took the floor
merely on a single point. The section now under
consideration provides that when a man shall have
been drafted into the militia according to law, he
shall from that time be considered as subject to the
rules and articles of war. The provision is that
he "shall, when so drafted, be deemed to be in
the actual service of the United States." It is sug-
gested that that declaration is beyond our power.
I do not propose to urgue that point now, but sim-
ply to suggest that if I can find a precedent in the
early practice of the country, in our better times, if
you please, I shall havegone far enough. I do not
want to considcritasresitttegraagain. The Con-
stitution, indeed, piovides in the amendments:
"Art. V. No person shall be held to answer for a cap-
ital, or otherwise infamous crime, utiles* on a presentment
or indictment of a grand juiv, except in cases arising in the
land or naval forces, or in the imhna when in actual ser-
vice m time of war or public danger; nor shall any person
be Mibject for the same offense to he twice put in jeopnidy
of hie or limb ; nor shall be compelled in any criminal ea.«e
to be a witness a«aint>t himself, nor be deprived of life,
liberty, or property, without due piocess of law."
That phrase "due process of law" has often
been decided by our courts to mean the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings by courtsand juries.
| In the act of 1795 regulating the drafting of the
| militia, it is provided that when a man who is
( drafted neglects or refuses to appear and do duty,
| he shall be subject to such and such fines de-
scribed, which shall be levied upon him by a court-
martial. The part of the Constitution which I
have read would not subject any man to the in-
fliction of any penalty by a court-martial, (for that
is not " due process of law,") unless he was in
the service of the United States. The act of 1795
subjected men to fine by court-martial when they
had been drafted, though they had not been mus-
tered. That has been the law ever sincc. In the
case of Martin vs. Mott, which the honorable Sen-
ator will find in 12 Wheaton's Reports, and also
in another case reported in 5 Wheaton, the mar-
shal had levied upon property and collected thefirte
assessed; the owner of the property replevied the
property thus taken, which was distrained for the
fine; and the whole case came to the Supreme Court
of the United States. The entire question was
brought before the court, and a great variety of
points was started. The constitutionality of such
a law was contested. The court, however, sus-
tained the levying of a fine by a court-martial in
that case. They said it was a constitutional law,
notwithstanding the provision of the Constitution
which I have read.
I have no more to say about that point. I say
that our law has subjected men to court-martial
who had not been mustered into service, from 1795
down, and the Supreme Courtof the United States
has sustained it. Whether it be advisable to pass
a law by which a man may be proceeded against
as in the service, so that you may take htm and
compel him to do service, instead of fining him,
is a grave question, a question of expediency and
policy. It is a question whether the exigencies
of the public service require a proceeding of that
kind, it may strike gentlemen's minds very dif-
ferently. It is, to be sure, insisted that as we
now are, merely fining men for not doing their
duty when drafted in the militia, will not answer
the purpose always, and that there ought to be
the means of proceeding further, if the public ser-
vice requires it; and for that this provision is put
in. I do not wish to make words about that. It
will be with the Executive to say whether he will
need any'additional force or not, and our exigen-
cies must decide that on great questions of State
policy.
