18G3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
37tii Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I have no par-
ticular feeling of interest for General McClellan
personally.4 I have nothing to say against him.
But I believe at this day there is no man in the
Army who embodies to the same extent the con-
fidence of that Army and of the people that he
does. He who does not see and realize this fact
is blind or deaf to the vibrations of public opin-
ion. So far as I have' been enabled to gather the
feelings and opinions of the army of the Poto-
mac, I cannot be mistaken in this impression.
That army is with him. I believe that to be a
fact. And let me tell you, if you would cany vic-
tory before your banners you must have a com-
mander in whom the Army has confidence. It is
idle to talk about victories with a demoralized and
disorganized army. So far as General McClellan
is concerned, I have never been his especial ad-
vocate here. I have never, in the debates in this
House, spoken to his discredit. 1 do not profess
to be a competent judge in regard to his military
qualifications. But I know this fact, and I say it
to youj that he lias the heait of the American
Army. Yes, sir, he has the heart of the Army
with him. [Applause in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair gives fair notice
that if this applause l^e again repeated he will
have the galleries cleared.
Mr. WRIGHT, ft is my honestdesire to save
the Union, and I believe the most effectual means
to do this would he the restoration of this general
to the command of the Army.
There is another thing which, in my opinion,
should be done. Let this Administration make up
its Cabinet of a mixed character. Let it repre-
sent the two great political parties of.thc country.
Let it do that, and restore at the same time Gen-
eral McClellan to the army of the Potomac, and
it may, with entire certainty of success, call for
two hundred thousand men, white men; they will
rally around your standards at oncc. Then we will
bring this war to a successful closc. I as firmly
believe in it as I believe I have an existence.
I do not make this appeal here as a party man.
I supported the Administration in all of the meas-
ures which the Government asked for in raising
men and money for the war. I do not stand here,
either, as the political supporter of the Adminis-
tration. T differ from it in regard to the negro
question. I differ from it in regard to other meas-
ures. But I do stand here as the unflinching friend
of the perpetuity of the American Union. I chal-
lenge any man to show where I voted against any-
thing asked for which was designed for the suc-
cessful prosecution of this war. I have stood by
u in this particular with firmness and with a pa-
tnotic heart. I have stood by it manfully in its
efforts, as I conceived, to destroy rebellion until I
have been dragged down into the dust in my own
(1'strict, by forfeiting the confidence of my people,
and been rebuked at their hands in refusing to le-
turn me as their Representative. To all this \
have submitted with a heart conscious that I had
done my duty; and in my course there is no vote
 >r word uttered in my record which I would
change in the least particular this day.
I deemed it my duty to aid the Government in
its hour of penl and danger; and because I dif-
fered with the Admimsti ation in its politics I the
more willingly gave it my support in its war meas-
ures. I acted undergenerous impulses. Conserva-
tive men of my own political school have evcry-
w here rested under the ban of suspicion, who
have come forward to the aid of the Government.
Was there political sm in this? Let the great
future tell. And now, when one disaster treads
noon the heels of another in quick succession, pray
h'C the voice of these same conset vative men find
willing response when they appeal to you for
c nservative measures. Abandon some of those
iiltia opinions and aid us in saving your as well
v-j our country.
If you disregard our counsels and reject our ad-
vice, where is your hope? Do you find it in the
discordant and wrangling elements in Congress?
Do you find it in the demoralized aimy of the
Potomac, with a new general put over it every
month? Do you find it in a change of public
• minion which has been caused by the blunders
< f your campaigns? Can you expect to euro all
th«%sc evils by mustering a hundred and fifty thou-
.*-.<nd negroes into the field and marching them un-
der our banners? 3s this the oasis in the great
desert before us? And is this the last effort to
save American liberty ? Is this treating the friends
who have stood by you with that consideration
which their sacrifices demand? No, gentlemen,
we must come to terms of compromise. We must
mutually yield something of opinion to the neces-
sities of the case, or the Union is irretrievably
gone. And once gone, how is it to be replaced?
It was the pride and boast of our fathers; let us
not be degenerate sons. Abandon the idea of filling
the decimated ranks of your Army with black men.
Put your leliance in the patriotism and valor of
your own proud and generous race. Put McClel-
lan back again in command of the army of the
Potomac. It is not for the elevation of the man
that I care. To me men are nothing. For you it is
enough to know that the Army desires it. Every-
thing for the Union; everything to crush out the
rebellion. It is worthy of every human tffort.
We stand upon the crest of a burning volcano. It
is ready to burst and envelop us and all we hold
dear in utter ruin. Shall liberty live or shall lib-
erty die? The alternative rests with the American
Congress. It is no time to lesoit to speculative
theoiies. It is no time to look after the condition
of the black man; let us see how wo can take care
of the white man. On the happiness of this de-
pends the welfare of that. There arc loyal men
enough in the loyal §tates who stand ready to
save the Union. With a united will we cannot'fail.
The difficulties before us will vanish with a united
Congress and a united Army. " The Persian ar-
rows overshadow the sun," said one of the three
hundred in the straits of Thermopylae; "then,"
replied Leonidas, "let us fight m the shade."
" The Alps are before us," said the soldier of
Hannibal; "then let them be surmounted,"cried
the intrepid commander, and he planted his eagles
before the gates of imperial Rome. " i Impossi-
bility', it is a word in the dictionary of fools,"
said a young and aspiring soldier, and his name
was Napoleon.
Who proclaims that the Union cannot be saved?
What loyal man stops to doubt on this moment-
ous question? We, the Anglo-Saxon white men
of this continent, are intrusted with the preserva-
tion ofthat Government which our fathers handed
down to us sealed in a covenant wilh their blood;
and we must do it. He who shrinks from hisduty
with a full knowledge of the dangeis which threat-
en us is a traitor. And that man who would re-
joice in the success of the rebel cause is unworthy
to live. Let that spirit of concession and com-
promise which ruled the councils in Independence
Hall in 1776 pervade this Chamber; when Massa-
chusetts came down upon her knees in response
to Virginia and South Carolina; when Washing-
ton and Jefferson and Adams and Franklin and
their iUnstriousfecolleaguessm rendered every thing
for the cause. Imbued with the glorious recollec-
tions of the past, the American Senate in 1850,
with Clay and Calhoun and Webster as leaders—
and patriotic leaders they were—dispelled the
murky cloud which gathered over the nation. Like
men vhey yielded thefr opinions to the temble ne-
cessities of the time.
The Ameiican Union has more to fear to-day
from the prejudices of an American Congress as
to negro emancipation than from the bayonetsof
a rebellious and insolent foe. Our distracted and
divided counsels reach the Army, and how baneful
is the influence. Can we not come together upon
some terms which will send out the power of our
undivided influence? In the name of all that is
sacred, what is there to prevent it? [am willing
to abandon any cherished piineiple of my crted
if that stands in the way of the lestoration of tins
Union.
The Army has failed thus far to subdue rebel-
lion. It has had its successes and its disasteis.
The 4th of March, which dissolves this body, is
near at hand. The ryes of the loyal pi ople of
this Government aie upon us. Shall we adjourn
as we begun, divided in opinion and in an atti-
tude of hostility towards each othei ? Shall our
only answer be to the inquiry as to what we have i
done, that we have caused to be enrolled one hun- ;
dred and fifty thousand negroes, and intrusted to <
them the custody and keeping of the nation's flag? j
Better had this Congress never have assembled in !
the Capitol, than to leave behind it such a record. S
It is a disgrace upon our man hood; it is the conces-
sion of cowardice; it would be a stain and a blem-,
ish upon the memory of our ancestors, because
our memories will be linked inseparably with
theirs. If we aredriven to such means let us dis-
own our sires and save their illustrious name.
What a eulogy to be written upon the acts and
deeds of the Thirty-Seventh Congress ! If there
be no concession, no compromise, and the preju-
dice of opinion must rule, then indeed has our
mission been in vain, and the result of our labors
will have ended in folly, utter, absolute folly.
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
SPEECH OF HON. C. A, TRIMBLE,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
January 31, 1863.
The House having under consideration the bill to raise
additional soldiers for the .service of the Government—
Mr. TRIMBLE said:
Mr. Speaker: The bill as first introduced into
this House, eras amended by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] did not meet my
approval, and I sought the floor on yesterday
and the day before to propose one or two amend-
ments, which, it was hoped, would make the bill
acceptable to both sides of thoflouse.
These amendments havebeen propertied by other
gentlemen, and if adopted by the House, I shall
cheerfully vote for the bill. The policy of em-
ploying slaves as laborers and as servants in our
armies has already been approved and adopted
by this House. The bill which was passed at
the last session ofCongiess authorized the Pres-
ident thus to employ them, and "also to receive
them into any military or naval service of the
United States for which they may be found com-
petent." I supposed that under this law, power
was given to the President to use them as sol-
diers and sailors", if in his judgment their services
could bo made efficient in the suppression of re-
bellion. There seemed to me no necessity for
additional legislation, and on first reading the bili
I could but regret its introduction at this time.
Further examination, however, made it apparent
that the present law was defective m some import-
ant particulars, and required amendment. And
though I always have and do still regret the in-
troduction here of the subject of the negro, yet
the necessity for it on this occasion must be ad-
mitted.
I have believed, and still believe, that if the Pres-
ident, in the exercise of his constitutional right,
had at the opening of the firstsession of this Con-
gress recommended specifically a war policy, the
same would have received the sanction of such
Congress, and there would have been no need of
further legislation at this time. It would only
have remained for the Executive to compel a rigid
enforcement by all the officers of the Army of the
policy thus legalized by the authority of the peo-
ple. I need not now, and pet haps K would not
be proper for me on this occasion to state, what I
think that policy ought to have been. In my
opinion it was unfortunate that the President
failed to advise Congress of what he deemed the
legislation necessary to enable an Executive to
support, protect, and defend the Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, this is a very important subject.
It is now, as it always has been, full of difficulty
and embarrassment. From the vei y organization
of the Government we have had to deplore the
existence in our beloved land of human slaveiy.
It has been almost the only disturbing element in
our progress as a nation. Wo have this question
to-day, one of its offspring, whirl) mi'st be met,
whether we like it or not. 1 have not that exalted
idea of the bravery, the capacity, and efficiency
of the black compared with white men, entei-
tained by some other gentlemen. In no respect is
he the equal, nor can he in any situation become
the equal of the Anglo-Saxon. But that is not the
question. Jf the black man be far inferior to what
we know him to he, is u not our duty in thisgreat
emergency to make the best use of hirn we can?
This question of employing the black man does
not rest upon his capacity or e'fficicncy as a soldier,
but rather as a laborer. Is he, as a laborer, val-
