*8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[•January 31,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers-—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of "Reps.
liable to the rebels? Would his loss weaken and
embarrass them? There can be but one answer.
Sir, the slaves are a mighty power in this rebellion
and if their acquisition, either as laborers or as
soldiers, did not strengthen us, their loss would
greatly weaken our enemies. Predicting from the
first that there would be no insurrection or uprising
of the slaves of the South in consequence of the
rebellion, and that they would be efficient aids to
their rebel masters, I have not been disappointed
at the result. They have been, and are still, a
power upon the side of the rebellion. They are
the chief element of its strength. Labor in all coun-
tries, constitutes the life of their power. And yet
while we have taken from the industrial pursuits
of life a million men, a million producers, to crush
this rebellion and save the Government, certain
gentlemen have demanded that the slaves—the
laborers of the rebels—should be preserved tq
them. Though tens of thousands of slaves wore
kept employed by the rebels in active service in
the field, and in building fortifications, from be-
hind which they could shoot down our men with
impuuity, yet it would be unconstitutional for us
to employ them in the same way. Boys and girls
of fourteen or fifteen years of age make a hand,
and are engaged with the adultslaves in producing
the supplies that keep alive the rebellion. Yet
there ure, I fear, gentlemen in this House whose
veneration for the institution of slavery is so great
that they would lisk the life of the nation rather
than disturb the relation of master and slave.
At the beginning of this war our generals in the
field, at least many of them, refused to allow fugi-
tive slaves to come within their lines. Gentlemen
in Congress demanded that the fugitive slave law
shouhf be faithfully executed by ourarmies. The
war, said they, was for the maintenance of the
Constitution and not for the abolition of slavery,
and therefore slaves escapingfiom the labor of the
fteld or from work upon the intrenchments of the
rebels must be surrendered by our soldiers to their
mastets. Not onlyin violation of the laws of war,
but in defiance of common sense, we refused for
many months to receive fugitives from the enemy,
and thus directly contributed to the perpetuation of
the power of the rebellion.' And it was not until
the sentiment of the Army and of the country de-
manded a termination of this suicidal policy that
we ventured in this House to pab.s bills requiring
officers of the Army to leceive and piotect these
laborers, and also authorizing the President to em-
ploy them in any service for which they might be
competent. And yet these measures were not
passed without opposition from the other side of
the I louse.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if in the beginning of this
war we had adopted this wise, just, and common*
sense policy, many a brave lather and hi other and
son, whose body lies upon the peninsula of Vir-
ginia, or in tin4 swamps of the Southwest, would he
alive lo-ilay and ready to do battle for the country.
Thousands and lens of thousands of our soldiers,
unaccustomed to hardship and exposure, were
saei iliced to this policy which prevented the .sub-
stitution of acclimated slave labor fortheiis. It
will be regarded, sir, by the luture historian, as
one of the most renuu kable facts m the history of
this war thai any sane man in the loyal States
was found advocating the protection and preser-
vation of the institution which had originated it.
Few northern mwi in this lL«ux   have kugercon-
nection m the State of Virginia than myself—few
have stronger ties to bind them to the South—yet,
sir, if I had been the commander of the army of
the Potomac, I would not only have received all
the fugitive slaves, or the slaves of fugitive mas-
ters that came within my lines,bitt I would have
gone out and gatheied them fiom all pails of tiie
Counlty within my reach, and put them to work
tosave t lie iiv<„s of my soldiers.
Air. Spenkfi, if these black men were less
b'-ave, less intelligent, less capable of being made
effective as soldiers than they are, we should re-
ceive ail thateomeand use them in some capacity
11) tlm work of crushing rebellion. Every laborer
v.v tuki' from the rebels weakens them that much.
Drpmo them of their slave labor and their power
w.>m jd depart at once; they would be forced to lay
d.'\\ n then lebelliou.s arms in thirty days. This
wo.tid be the most expeditious and easiest mode
of terminating the war. The propriety of em-
ploying slaves as laborers in our Army is now
conceded. Why, then, is it not equally proper
to employ them in any other capacity? It valu-
able to the rebels as scouts and spies and soldiers,
why may they not be valuable to us? The whole
country was indignant when it bccame known j
that our western Indians had been enlisted into the
service of the rebels; yet we have followed their
example, and now have several Indian regiments
in the field. Has any objection been made in this
Hall to the employment of these savages? Are
they not tenfold more vindictive and ferocious
than the blacks? Have we not had most melan-
choly evidence ofthisin the Minnesotamassacres?
Why is it that the employment of savages is ap-
proved, while such bitter opposition is made to
the use of blacks? I leave others to answer.
Mr. Speaker, it is very certain that in the north-
ern States you will have very few enlistments
among the free negroes. The county in which I
live has a larger number of negroes in proportion
to its population than any other county in the
State.
Mr. BIDDLE. Will the gentleman allow me
one moment to read a statement of facts in rela-
tion to the subject to which he has just alluded?
Mr. TRIMBLE. Not now. And those blacks
present a very rational, and, we must all admit, a
very just excuse for refusing to engage in this con-
test, The more intelligent among them say that
they are not willing to risk their lives in a contest
from which they arc to derive no special advant-
age. They occupy a position of inferiority,they
are denied the rights and privileges of white men,
and they can see 110 good to grow out of this
struggle to them, let it terminate which way it
will. They cannot hope for an equality of politi-
cal privileges, orany other equality, by the decis-
ion of this contest, and therefore they will decline
to engage in it.
For that reason—and I have no doubt that rea-
son will be urged elsewhere than in my own coun-
ty—you cannot hope to have a very large enlist-
ment of black men from the free States. Nor can
we nor ought we to hope for any very large num-
ber 111 the loyal border slave States.
I approve, let me say here, of the amendment,
with some slight modification, proposed by the
vcnciable member from Kentucky, [Mr. Wick-
i.iffe.] It would be unwise to disturb the people
of the border States, when it is almost morally
certain that no good will grow out of an attempt
to recruit .slaves or freedmen in those States as
soldiers. But, sir, we can enlist them in the cot-
ton States; and not only at New Orleans, Mem-
phis, and Beaufort, but at every point where forts
are to be erected andgarrisoned, roads to be built,
or any hard work to be performed, we can profit-
ably iyie them in the seivice of the country.
Whether they make good soldiers or not, if they
are capable of performing, to a Certain extent,
military duties, we ought, as a matter of economy
and of good policy, to receive all that come, and
thus deprive the rebels of that number of valuable
laborers.
If, in time of most profound peace, the relation
of master and servant has for half a century ex-
isted without any interruption by the slaves, it is
not very probable that in this time of war, when in
evci y township and every neighboihood there are
soldiers and armed men ready to resist any attempt
upon the part of the blacks at uprising, any such
re.vnh is ro be anticipated. Nor do i behove, if
we pass this bill, and authorize the President to
raise regiments of slaves or of freedmen 111 those
States, that any of the calamities will ensue that
have been pi cdicted by the opponents of this bill.
It may cause desertions from the master, but not
rapine and murder. At New Orleans and Beau-
fort, and other points when; slaves have been used
as soldiers,si)o such conscquences have followed.
It is not reasonable that these black men of the
South, who have been lauded for their docility,
for their kindness, for their attachment to th^ir
mastms, should all at once be conveited by the
boon of freedom into cruel barbarians. Sir, tins
is a picture of fancy; and there is no foundation
for the assertion. VVe all know that a certain
degree of intelligence exists among the blacks of
the South from their association with the whites;
and manyof theai aio no longer to be lecognized
by their color as belonging to an inferior race.
Unfortunately, you there find what is rarely seen
in the northern States—a bleaching process going
on. And it might happen that many of those who
would volunteer would have the blood of some
of the best families flowing in their veins. It can-
not be that a simple change of position, amelior-
ating their condition by organizing and disciplin-
ing them for the service of the country, would
reconvert them into heathens and barbarians.
The objection to this measure suggested by the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thomas,] in reference to the disposition to be
made of these slaves after the war is terminated,
is a serious one. You cannot remand them back
to the condition of servitude. They cannot prob-
ably live as free men m the States where they
have been held in bondage. Where will you put
them ? This difficulty applies with equal force to
all slaves who have been freed by act of Con-
gress, by proclamation of the President, or by
their own act. This is a problem to be worked
out in the future; our present duty is national
preservation. As a believer in a Providence that
does all things well, and that will ultimately make
the right triumph, I leave this question in His
hands, believing that tie will provide a place for
those who will have meiited, by their biavery and
courage, the rights of free men.
The remarks so happily expressed by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wright] yesterday, in regard to the importance
of harmony and unity among the members of this
House, met my hearty approval. Its importance
cannot be exaggerated. The success of our cause
must depend upon the cordial cooperation of all
the people in sustaining the Government, and dis-
cord here necessarily produces division elsewhere.
In any feasible effoit of the gentleman to accom-
plish so desirable an object he will have my hearty
cooperation; yet success appears tome unattain-
able. Let me ask him, loyal, true man as he is,
whether he would be willing to-day to compro-
mise with rebels with arms in their hands. No,
sir; he most emphatically, and in the most forci-
ble language, declared that he would not.
Could he compromise his convictions of duty,
and his judgment in regard to the conduct of the
war, with my distinguished colleague from Ohio,
[Mr. Vallandigiiam,] who proposes to termin-
ate this wai by laying down our arms, or by ask-
ing a cessation of hostilities ? No, sir; he most
emphatically declared he would not.
mould he repeal all the laws and all the resolu-
tions which have been passed by this body 111 re-
lation to this war, except simply the appropriation
bills? I think he would not. It would be as im-
possible for him to compromise his convictions
of duty, and his judgment as to the best policy
in the conduct of this wai, as it would be to com-
promise with rebels who* have arms in their
hands.
Sir, there has been opposition to every measure
proposed by the majority of this House, upon
whom necessarily rests the responsibility of con-
ducting the war. It is useless to talk of compro-
mise, when there appears to be less hope of con-
cert of action than at any picvious time. My
impression is, that we could no more harmonize
the conflicting opinions of the different sides of
this House than we could compromise with the
rebels in arms. I agree with the distinguished
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wright,]
that the South would seout and scorn the idea of
any compromise that might now be proposed by
us; and I am equally certain that any proposition
that might be made herefrom this side of the House
would be just as promptly rejected by gentlemen
upon the other side.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. TRIMBLE. Ceitainly.
Mr. W right. I would like to inquire of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio what obstacle
there is in the way of an honorable compiomise
between the members on the two sides of this
Chamber? What obstacle is there, if we are all
honestly in favor of sustaining the Government
and perpetuating the Union? Why not make the
effort' Why not try?
Mr. TRIMBLE. I suppose, Mr. Speaker, we
are making the effort; but it so happens that God
has constituted men to differ, and they do not
