1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the ensuing clause of the Constitution, is a militia
power under totally different circumstances, and
consequently in important points variant in gov-
ernment. The next clause is in these words:
" Congress shall have power to provide for organizing,
arming, and disciplining the militia, and for governing such
part of them as may be employed in the serviec of the Uni-
ted States, reserving to the States, respectively, the ap-
pointment of the officers, and the authority of training the
militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress."
That clause contemplates the embodying of the
militia of the States in ordinary times, and it pro-
vides the character of control that both the Gen-
eral Government and the State government shall
have upon the militia of the States in ordinary
times; but the preceding clause provides for the
militia under a totally different state of the case;
and that is, when Congress, in the exercise of its
judgment and discretion, has come to the conclu-
sion that it is necessary to call forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress in-
surrection, or repel invasion. Whenever the Con-
gress is satisfied that either of the three state of
cases that are set forth in that clause exists, what
then is the power of Congress ? It may call forth
the militia promptly, without any intermediary
whatever, ^to perform the office for which they
are authorized to call it forth in that clause of
the Constitution. If Congress chooses, it may
pass a law, general or particular, dispensing with
the agencies of the States, and of the State au-
thorities Wholly; and it was precisely to provide
for such a case in which it might be necessary
to dispense with these agencies, that this clause
was introduced into the Constitution. Suppose
the State authorities refused to make themselves
subsidiary to the purpose of calling forth their
militia to enforce the execution of the laws of the
Union, to suppress insurrections, or repel inva-
sions. The framers of the Constitution, and the
Constitution itself, never intended that Congress
and the General Government should be thereby
stranded, and that it should be totally inefficient
for the purpose of executing any force through
the medium of the militia of the States. They
contemplated the possibility, yea, the probability,
that cases might arise in which the State author-
ities would refuse to act; and whenever those
cases did occur, and the State authorities should
refuse to act, it was the purpose of the framers of
the Constitution, and it is the plain sense of the
clause which I have read, to give to Congress,
through the President, or any agent it may adopt,
the power to call forth the militia, independent
of and in defiance of State authority.
Mr. President, I am brought to this conclusion:
If the execution of the laws are resisted, it does
not admit of a question, not of a shadow of a doubt,
that Congress has the full, perfect,constitutional
power to call forth all the militia of the United
States, without the intervention of any State au-
thorities whatever, to enforce the execution of the
laws whose execution is resisted. The question
whether it will do so or not, is a question of ex-
pediency and not of power. The question, to what
extent and in what form it will call forth the mi-
litia for this purpose, is also a question of expe-
diency and not of power. Sir, this heresy of State
rights has had its day, and its day of mischief it
has been. I know of no cause so potent for mis-
chief as this very heresy of southern State rights.
No go vernmentcan exist and perform the offices of
a good and efficient government with that princi-
ple incorporated in it. You may throw together as
many beautiful theories and abstract principles of
liberty and equality as you please in a system of
government, but unless it carries the vital power
to preserve itself, to enforce obedience to its laws,
and to put down all resistance to their execution,
it is no government at all; it is but the material
body without the spirit and the soul of a govern-
ment.
But, Mr. President, while I thus characterize
and denounce this heresy of State rights, let me
not forget another heresy that has sprung up ni
our day, and which is quite as iormidable an en-
emy to the Constitution and constitutional liberty
as this heresy of State rights; and what is that?
A new monster, born but yesterday, called " mil-
itary necessity." There are no rights, State or
individual, but what are subordinate to the Con-
stitution of the United States; and there is no
military power, no military necessity, thatis not
equally suboidinafe to the Constitution of the
United States. State right contents itself by fall-
ing back upon State sovereignty, and at its high
pleasure withdraws from the United States, and
denies to be subject to the Government of the
United States. It is not competent for State gov-
ernments, nor for any body of the people, or any
State acting in the name of State rights, or State
sovereignty, to assume any such line of conduct
as that. Because a man assumes to act under State
authority, that no more exempts him from the
authority and the power of the United States Gov-
ernment than if he had assumed no such author-
ity. But, sir, we understand the position of the
men who assume and act upon that principle.
They declare their principle and tTieir purpose
to the Government, to the nation, to the world.
They reveal their position, and that position is in
open defiance of the authority of the Government
of the United States. It is bold, open, wrongful,
and audacious. The General Government has the
right to subdue it, and to use all the military
power of the nation in the regular Army, and all
that it can command by calls upon the militia of
the United States, to combat and to subdue it.
But here, sir, is this other principle of military
necessity; and what of it? Military necessity!
The Commander-in-Chief of the armies has not
the vestige of power, in peace or war, that is not
derived from the Constitution. It is a solecism
to assert the contrary position. No intelligent
man can deny it or will deny it—I mean intelli-
gent in his reading of the Constitution and con-
stitutionallaw. No intelligent man can, with rea-
son, controvert the position that the Commander-
in-Chief of the armies of the United States draws
all his power, civil and military, from the Con-
stitution. Is there any authority created by that
Constitution and vested in the President of the
United States, as President or Commander-in-
Chief of the Army, that authorizes him in time of
war to override any of its provisions? Is there
any clause that directly expresses or imports a
power in him to assume any power whatever ex-
cept what is delegated to him by the language of
the Constitution itself? Can anything be more
illogical than the idea that a President of the Uni-
ted States, folding and deriving all his powers
from the Constitution of the United States, may
assume a power so general and imperial as to
overslaugh all the provisions of that Constitution ?
Sir, if he abrogate or suspend one of its provis-
ions, or assume one power outside of the Consti-
tution, his power is illimitable, and he is, in truth,
an imperial despot, whose will is the law of the
land.
Sir, I am a friend of this Constitution accord-
ing to the feeble lights of my reason. I intend, so
long as I have any voice in the public councils, to
sustain all the just powers of that Constitution,
of the Government which it creates, of the de-
partments into which it divides thatGovernment,
and all of its officers; but an obligation equally
imperative and sacred upon me is to resist all un-
constitutional assumption of power, whether that
assumption is attempted by Congress or by the
President or the combined Government. They
Were wise men who framed our system of govern-
ment, who made our Constitution, and who cre-
ated the powers which it vests in the Government,
and those powers if wisely and faithfully executed
are sufficient for the protection and the perpetua-
tion of this Government. Ifthey are not, the Gov-
ernment itself has no power to clutch other powers
that were never vested in it by the Constitution,
even, to use the cant phrase, to save the life of the
nation. If it becomes necessary to infuse more of
vigor into that Government for the purpose of pre-
serving it, the people, the only soveieignty in this
country, must be resorted to, and they must be
asked whether they are willing to confer these
 additional powers or not; and until they express
their willingness to give them, in the mode of
amending the Constitution preseubed by itself,it
is nothing but abase and daung usurpation in any
Piesident or in any officer of the Government to
assume them.
Sir, I am one of those who believe that the as-
sumption of power by the President of the United
States in his three proclamations is as unauthor-
ized, dangeious, and as destructive to the Con-
st! tution,and to ail thehbertiesof the people which
that Constitution was designed to secure, as State
rights and secession together. If tins glorious
instrument of government, and that heritage of
freedom which was intended for uj and our pos-
terity to the latest generations, is to be cleft down,
to be destroyed, I care n*>t whether it is by seces-
sion or by this thing called military necessity aj>d
presidential proclamations. I would as soon it
should perish in the one mode as the other; and
in the mode of secession and open war it is more
bravely and more manfully assailed than it is un-
der this pretext of military necessity by presiden-
tial proclamations.
Sir, I know no fealty to the Government but
fealty to the Qonstitution—that carries and im-
plies fealty to the Government. A man who is
faithful and true to the Constitution is faithful and
true to the Government. The man who, under
pretense of abolishing slavery or saving the life
of the nation, is false to the Constitution by usurp-
ing all the powers of the Government, and greatly
more power than is allowed by the Constitution
to the entire Government, is the boldest and the
worst enemy of the Constitution. He is insidious.
Under the lure of support, he is undermining the
pillars of the Government. While he professes to
sustain and uphold it, he is attempting to under-
mine and overwhelm it, constitutional liberty, and
with them the hopes of the world in the capacity
of man for self-government. I make my protest
agarnst any such attack upon the Constitution.
Sir, I have often heard the cry of bad dog, mad
dog, to use an old phrase. Some men very flip-
pantly throw out denunciations and reproaches of
disloyalty against men who stand by the Consti-
tution, who are willing to live by it and to die by
it, but who deem a breach upon it of the same
consequence whether it comes from its open ene-
mies or pretended friends. Sir, they are not the
enemies of the Constitution, nor the disloyal por-
tion of the people of America. Those who as-
sume power that would overthrow every right and
liberty which the Constitution secures to the citi-
zen, are the real disloyal ones of the land. They
are the enemies of constitutional liberty, and of
the true American people, who are more devoted
to constitutional liberty than they are to the abo-
lition of slavery, or to any other ism that ever
sprang from distempered hearts and minds.
Mr. President, I think the principle assumed
by the Senator from Delaware, to suppoi t which
my honorable friend from Virginia quoted Judge
Storv, is not the principle of the Constitution at
all. I have read carefully those passages in Story,
and I maintain this position: that it is important
for Congress to pass a law providing that when
a man is drafted, from the time he is so drafted
he shall be held and deemed to be in the service
of the United States. I do not entertain any doubt
that such a law would be constitutional. Why,
sir, the thing must have a beginning; and to say
when the people of a cou iUy or of a State ai e callcd
togetherfor the purpose of a draft,and i t is there
ascertained in the mode pointed out by law on
whom the draft has actually fallen, and the men
have thus been ascertained, identified, and set
apart, wh o are m the service of the United States by
the draft, I think it is a very plain proposition that
that act, if the law of Congress should recognize
and declare it to be the beginning of the military
service of those drafted, it would be constitutional
and operative; and it may be provided that the
military law shall then and there apply to their
case, as well as at any subsequent time of their
service. I think, with the honorable Senator trom
Vermont, that this is a question, not of power,
but of expediency.
Now, sir, we are asked here to pass a law on
the subject of the mihna of the States, giving to
the President paramount power to cali out the
militia of the States. One provision of that law
authorizes him to call out two hundred thousand
men for a period not exceeding two years. As a
question of expediency, I am not willing to give
any President of the United States that extent of
power. My objection is to the length of lime
which the militia may be required to serve. 1 am
fond of old precedents, of old principles, of old
counsels. I believe they are safer, infinitely safer
and more wise than the new. As ihe Senator trom
Vermont stated, until the commencement of this
war, the mihtia had never been authoiized to be
called out by the President for a longer term than
six months; and I will vote for a restriction of the
term of swivice to that time, and I will not vote
for one day longer in a permanent law. Why,
sir, if the Prcsidontluis power to call out two hun-
dred thousand men for six months, with his power
