m
1MB OONGKESSSGML GL0EE.
February 5,
to convoke Congress whenever he pleases, is not
tira^as much military fofte as ought to be intrusted
toany Presidentbefoie lie consults with Congress?
-I have read with amazement this and other bills
:laid on our tables. Wc have another bill to estab-
lish what tscaliedanational guard of three hundred
thousand men. That seems to me to be asserting
*atonce theairsofimperialists. I reckon that is as
much as Louis Napoleon would have started with
m France. There is no occasion for it here; there
is no need for it. When you give the President,
by a permanent law, the power to call out two
hundred thousand militia of the different States
for six months, you have conferred upon him as
much military power as I would be willing to con-
fer upon any President, either of this age or of any
past one; and I have more confidence in the past
age than 1 have in the present, or than I anticipate
the future will be entitled to claim.
I do not intend to elaborate 011 this bill. I have
a few amendments to offer to it. I intend to say
some other things upon it if 1 get an opportunity.
I recollect the admonition of my good friend, the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.,] and
the joyous Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] who is not in his place. We were told
that, by the accurate calculation of the Senator
from Vermont some days ago, there were then
left about two houis for each Senator to debate
before the expiration of the session, and he told
us if he occupied more than that time he should
consider that he was obtruding upon some other
Senator's tune. Mr. President, we have a little
freedom of debate in this country yet. How long
it is to continue God only knows. How long it
will be before there are attempts made from the
other end of the avenue to overthrow it in the
Houses of Congress, no man can tell. It is yet
my right, unrestricted; and so long as I have the
freedom of debate upon these great and vital is-
sues, I intend to use that freedom according to my
discretion. I olfer no factious opposition to the
Executive or to the Administration. I deeply
deplore that it has not adopted a different line of
policy. Itspolicy, spoken through proclamations,
-which the Senator from Illinois [Mr.Trumbull]
said in very distinct terms, yesterday, all men
•must subscribe to in the Army if they hope to re-
tain office, nine hundred and ninety-nine out of
every thousand of the people of my State are as
much opposed to as ever men were opposed to any
system of policy.
Sir, if the officer who opposes the proclama-
tions is not a fit and proper person to lead the
Army, the soldiers who have the same opinions
and sentiments ate disqualified to fight its battles.
If the principle of the gentleman is applied to offi-
cers and soldiers, and could be executed to-mor-
row, more than half of your men, including offi-
cers and soldiers, would march from your camps
and leave you then.to make the contest, black
Republicans alone with the secessionists of the
South. Sir, my people are opposed to any such
principle of conducting the war as that. They
are for performing their duty to their country and
their Government. There is not a man of the fifty
thousand men, and moie, who have gone into the
field from the State of Kentucky but what desires
and intends to fight for the triumph of the Union
arms and of the Government of the United States,
for the Union as it was, and the Constitution as
it is. They believe, too, if that triumph could be
achieved to-morrow by our arms being victorious
in every battle-field, fhe next day abolitionism
would fall to be no more, and the authority of
the Constitution of the United States would be
resumed every wheie. We believe that secession-
ism is a stronger enemy than black Republicanism;
and, therefore, if we had the power to strike down
both alternately, if I had power in this feeble arm
to stuke down both alternately, I would strike
down secessionism first, and then I would turn
upon abolitionism and 1 would annihilate it from
the face of the eaith.
But I am entering upon a topic upon which I
did not intend. As the bill fuither progresses, I
expect to say about as much more on different
themes in connection with this bill.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, 1 trust the
Senate will pardon me if I call the attention of
Senators to the question immediately under con-
sideration. This is a motion to strike out the
fourth section of this bill. The main objection
urged to thatjjeetion is that it subjects the drafted
citizens of the several States, before they enter the
military service of the United States to the rules
and articles of war; and it has been urged by
myself and others who concur in the motion that
the exercise of such a power is unwarranted by
the Constitution and would be a violation of our
constitutional obligations.
The clauses in the Constitution authorizing the
President to call forth the militia, and to provide
for their organizing and disciplining have been
cited as authority for the power sought to be ex-
ercised by this bill; and the distinguished Senator
from Vermont, for whose learning and intellectual
ability i have the highest respect, contented him-
self this morning, by way of sustaining the pro-
vision, by citing two precedents, decisions which
he says have been made by the Supreme Court,
the proper tribunal to settle constitutional ques-
tions. I desire to invite his attention to an au-
thority which I know will be respected by him.
It is none other than Chief Justice Story, who
wrote his Commentaries long after the decisions
to which the Senator from Vermont has referred,
and who it must be presumed was perfectly fa-
miliar with those decisions, which authority di-
rectly controverts the position attempted to be
established by the precedents cited, and denies the
power claimed by the friends of this bill. It is a
remarkable fact that in the discussion of this sub-
ject by Chief Justice Story he refers to the de-
bates in the Convention which formed the Federal
Constitution and shows by reference to those de-
bates thatone of the objections urged to the clauses
as they now stand m the Constitution providing
for calling forth the militia and organizing and
disciplining and governing them when in the ser-
vice of the United States, was that it might be
construed to confer the very power which is now
sought to be exercised by the fourth section of
this bill. 1 repeat, Mr. President, and 1 desire to
call the attention of Senators to this important
fact, that one of the reasons urged in the Federal
Convention against the adoption of the clauses of
the Constitution winch are relied upon as con-
ferring authority for this provision which is now
mov( d to be stricken out, was, thttf it might be
construed as a warrant for the exercise of the very
power sought to be ingrafted into this bill. Two
lilliof's Debutes, pages 287, 288, and 294, shows
the fact that 1 have staged, and Justice Story in
commenting upon it says:
"The right of governing them [the militia] was confined
to the Mn«;le case ot then being m the actual service of the
United States, in some of the pointed out in the Con-
stitution. It was then, and then oitlv, that they could he
subjected by the General Government to martial law."
This fourth section proposes to subject the men
who may be drafted under the provisions of this
bill to martin I law, to hi ins; them under the rules
and articles of war, to deprive them of their con-
stitutional right of being tried for criminal of-
fenses by presentments and an indictment before
0 jury of their peers befoie they have been mus-
tered into the seiviee or before they have entered
the service of the United States. Such a power,
Justice Story says, in the passage which I have
quoted, is not conferred by the Constitution or
warranted by that instrument.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will thank the Senator for
the citation.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like the Senator to cite the authority of Judge
Story for the declaration he has made.
Mi. CARLILE. Story's Commentaries on the
Constitution, volume 3, page 85, section 1202. I
will read it again:
" The riirht of governingthem wn< confined to the single
ca^e of their being m the actual service of the United States,
in some of rhe eases pointed out in the Constitution. It
wa> then, and then only, that they could be subjected by
the General Government to martial law."
«r
We know that this right of calling the militia
into the service of the United States, out of their
States, was resisted by Connecticut and Massa-
chusetts; and J usticc Story, in his Commentaries,
refers to that resistance:
'• hi Connecticut and Ma^aohusetts it was held that the
Governor* of the States, to whom orders were addtcs&ed
by the President to call forth the militia, on account of
danger of invasion, were entitled to judge for themselves
whether the exigency had arisen ; and wore not bound by
opinion 01 outers of the President. '
Again, Justice Story says in the same volume,
pa^e 93, section 1208:
"There is a clear distinction between calling forth the
militia and their being 111 actual service. These are not
cotemporaneousacts, nor necessarily identical in their con-
stitutional bearing*. The President is not Commander-in-
Chief of the militia except when in actual service, and not
when they are merely ordered into service. They are sub-
jected to martial law only when in actual service, and not
merely when called forth, before they have obey ed the call.3*
Now, Mr. President, upon the constitutional
question, it seems to me the authority which-X
have read, laid down by Justice Story, in his Com-
mentaries on the Constitution, should be suffi-
cient, and is a sufficient answer to the constitutional
argument made by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and the precedent cited by my distinguished
friend from Vermont.
But, Mr. President, is it expedient for the Con-
gress of the United States, and the Executive of
the United States, who are charged with the great-
est issue that has ever had a being since the world
began—the maintenance of a Constitution which
has been the wonder of the world; the mainten-
ance of a Constitution which has secured to the
people of this great country all the liberty that is
consistent with our nature; that has made us the
proudest, the happiest, and the freest nation on
the globe—is it necessary to its maintenance arid
to the suppression of those who would trample
the civil power of this country und^r their feet,
and who have raised the standard of rebellion for
the purpose of overthrowing the Constitution, -
and have denied their constitutional obligations,
that we shall resort to the use of doubtful consti-
tutional means, that we shall cease t& entertain
perfect faith in the patriotism of the people, in
their love of theinstitutionswhich they are called
upon to defend, and resort to force, and force
alone, to drag from the several States of this
Union their citizens, in defiance of the rights se-
cured to them by the very Constitution for the
maintenance of which you seek to violate these
rights of person and the rights of their States ?
Sir, most of the provisions of this bill, if 1 may
be permitted to indulge in looking at it beyond the
amendment that is now under consideration, be-
long to that class of legislation which, in my
humble judgment—I say it with all due respect
for the opinions of others—has occupied too much
of our time, which has caused this uneasiness in
the country. We cannot shut our eyes to the
fact—whether it be true or false, the fact exists—
there is a prevailing opinion and impression in the
country that this war is not being waged for the
maintenance of the Constitution and the restora-
tion of the Union as itwas. So long as that senti-
ment exists, your efforts will be moieoriess par-
alyzed, and ail your bills and ail your authority
will, if in the opinion of the people they are the
exercise of unconstitutional, arbitrary power, be
resisted by them. That impression will prevail
in my opinion, if we look to force, and force alone,
not only to suppress the rebellion, Iftit to fill up
our armies, and to strengthen the arm of this Gov-
ernment. Sir, force is one of the means to be
used against the rebellion; but force is not the
most desirable means to be used against the peo-
ple loyal to the Constitution and the Government
of then country.
Mr. Clay, 111 1851, said that the great issue then
before the country was, shall abolition put down
the Union, or shall the Union put down abolition ?
Whether rightfully or wrongfully, there is an im-
pression 111 the country, and we must admit there
is much to give rise to that impression and to
strengthen it, that this war is sought to be made
the means by which those who have been war-
ring against the rights of the States for a quarter
i of a century, who have denied to the States the
right to regulate tin ir own concerns, and who de-
sire to destroy the institution recognized in these
States, may carry out their designs. An impres-
sion has been made upon a large portion of the
public mind that such an attempt is being made.
I regret that there has been much to strengthen it.
I shall do nothing, so tar as 1 am concerned, to
give credit to it. 1 still hope; for all my hopes are
bound up in the restoiution of this Union. I go
for it as it was; and I never have and do not to-
day entertain a solitary doubt of the ability of
the loyal people to suppress this military force
that was organized by these conspirators against
the Government of their country, and to restore
peace to this distractcd country, if we will only
act with the wisdom which-the sages who founded
the Government, and those who administered it
in times past, have left as lights to guide us. Sir,
when General Jackson took leave of public life,
