80
APPjENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
3'7th Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Beps.
white men. Sir, the bill contains no such pro-
visions. They are to be employed only as soldiers
or non-commissioned officers as is provided by
the original bill and by the amendments as now
proposed. I do not expcct to live to see the day
when, in this Christian land, merit shall counter-
balance the crime of color. True, we propose to
give them an equal chance to meet death on the
battle-field But even then their great achieve-
ments, if equal to those of Dessalines, would give
them no hope of honor. The only place where
they can find equality is in the grave. There all
God's children are equal.
But it is said that our soldiers would object to
their employment inarms. It would be a strange
taste that would prefer, themselves, to face the
death-bearing heights of Fredericksburg, and be
buriod in tranches at tho foot of them, than to see
it done by colored soldiers. 1 do not believe it.
My colleague [Mr. Wright] said that he had
heard some of our officers say that if we thus used
them they would lay down their arms and retire
from the Army. In God's name let them go.
They are rebels in heart, and ought to be in the
confederate army rather than in ours,*to demor-
alize our soldiers. My colleague ought to report
their names to the proper Department, that they
may he tried and inexorably shot.
The gentleman from Kentucky objects to their
employment lest it should lead to the freedom of
the blacks. He says that he fights only for the
freedom of his own white race. That scntimcr.t
is unworthy the high reputation of the friend and
compeer of the great statesman of the West. Thai
patriotism that is wholly absorbed by one's own
country ii narrow and selfish. That philanthropy
which embraces only one's own race, and leaves
t he other numerous races of mankind to bondage
and to misery, is cruel and detestable. But weaie
not fighting fur the freedom of the slaves; we are
figjiting for the life of thenaiion; and if in the heat
of such strife the chains of the bondman are melted
off, I shall thank God all the more. The distin-
guished, and, 1 would fain believe, the learned
gentleman ft oni Kentucky exclaimed, tc when be-
fore did any civilized country call on slaves to
fight their battles ? When did Sparta, or Athens,
or Rome'" 1 must attribute this inteirogative
assertion to lack of memory.
I ask, when did any civilized nation refuse to
use their .slaves in the defense of their country
when its exigencies required ii ? Never! All
have used them, and uniformly given them then-
freedom for their services. Sparta and Athens
on many occasions armed then Llelots. They
were always their armor-bearers. That I may
not be suspected of speaking without authonty
I will lead a few pas^nues fiom Roman history.
In Arnold's Rome, it is said:
•• The oihereonsiil, Tilx'i lie- Srntpionhi-, wa« to have no
oihei Roman amtv than two legion-, oi wdnnieei slaves."
—Page I7.">
A anulu tied properly lix was imposed lor the oeea
moii. They were iet|tiired to turmoil a eeilam nntnbet oi
slave ' a-- vranitMi; to ai in and <Mjinp litem/' &.(• —I'age 190.
'• The M.ivrv, ,tM>. Win again 111\ lied |o en I i:-r, and two
legion*. weie eumpo-ed out n| them,"—Page 190.
'• Hut iln'ie h no icason to donht that tJiaechiH pained
an mipoiiaat vietoiv ; and n wa*< lendeied lainous by In*
giving hheiH lo the volunteei ? lave*., In u ho~-e valoi it had
mnmlv been won. Soup oi these heh.ived til in the action,
and were afiant ihev should lie pinn-hed ralhei than ie
wauled; but (itai elm- lu-.t *ct them all tiee without div
iiuettoii, and tlien -I'lidinir l«n tiiOM' who had misbehaved,
made He'Hi ff-vej ally Mveat that ihev would eat and dunk
Hindii!<.'. - ii long a* ilien nii'itai \* sci\ ice should laM. In wa\
< >i pen mre I'm ;heir | atilt. Such a t eiiienec, i-o d iflej enf fiom
t he tl.-ai.l! Ilieieile-s -evet il v ol i he Roman (i i*Cl pi uie, added
i i llie geueial jov ol the at n>\ Tim  <>ld iei mat (died hack
t > IU 1U \ enMtiii 1:1 ti inn.ph. and ihe people poured out to
et them. and < ntiC.Ued Gt.u c litis ill.if ihev might in\ i'e
t.iem all to a pub'ie enteiMinment. Table*. weje *;et out
.a the*tteel-, and the need -lave- athacted eveiv one^ no-
i ei; by their u hue '\tps, the well-known -icrn of their en
ii.iiK'lijvciuent. and byihe change of those who. in
fulfillment ot tin it penance, a(" and waited on
; h- ir we i the'i cumi .u'< - I'iie u hole < I - • 1 jilted the g<_ net oils
and kind na'uie of <jIiaochu>: lo set fiee the slave and to
i- heve the poor, appeal to have been hereditary vjitues ni
i/i- family '—Page jn,>.
flow different was the heart of the pagan Grar-
eluis fi out the iieai t of the Christian Kentuekian !
How diffcient the feelings of the noble Roman
j/' ople from what is, 1 believe f.ib< iy, alleged to
be the foeiiuirs ol' our brave soldiers! An the
•-poech of the gentleman from Kentucky is not yet
published, I beg respectfully to suggest whether
his reputation does not require that he should
correct its history.
But we are told that Kentucky will resist; that
our recruiting officers will be driven pell-mell from
the State; that the proclamation is unconstitu-
tional; and that wo and the President are doing
mischief and aggravating the South. Sir, that
sounds so exactly like what I was accustomed to
hear from that side of the House some years a?o,
when those seats were occupied by those who
are now officers in the rebel army, that I am fain
to inquire whether their spirit has not been left
behind them.
It is in vain to deny that the Democratic party
as now organized, having received into their em-
braces the border State men, are using every ef-
fort to obstruct the war, to embarrass the Admin-
istration, and thus compel us to lay down our
arms and submit to peace such as Jeff Davis shall
dictate. I say the old slaveliolding Whigs have
become a part of the Democratic party. " If i
am lightly informed, the distinguished gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittun*den] last summer
wrote a letter into his district in favor of the re-
election of the gentleman from Ohm, (Mr. Cox.]
I had hardly expected to see the day when that
distinguished leader of the Whigs should become
the subaltern and train to the command of the
gentlemen from Ohio, [Messrs. Yallandigham
and Cox.]
My colleague said that when we laid down at
night we were not sure that when we arose in the
morning we should have a Government. I appre-
ciate the intimation, for I verily believe that the
Democratic party throughout the Noith are hold-
ing secret meetings under the name of Knights of
the Golden Circle, and plotting to sei/:e the Go\-
ernment and depose the President. I do not be-
lieve they will succeed, but I have sufficient evi-
dence that such i^ their intention.
Two years ajsp, when 1 had occasion to ad-
dress this House, I declared my conviction that
neither Congress, nor the Administration, nor the
people, realized the magnitude of the war in which
we were engaged, and the difficulty of its sup-
pression; that the rebels were as brave as we, and
had better geneials, who were more in earnest
than our own; that men who, after a deliberation
of thirty years, had entered upon so perilous an
enterprise, involving property, wife and children,
and t he it own lives, would never submit until they
weie totally exhausted and unable to continue the
war; and that that would never be done until you
took from them their support—the slaves. I have
seen no reason to change my opinion. 1 have
seen two years of bloody war elapse with bal-
anced success. I have seen our debt accumulate
to n grievous amount. 1 have seen many a bleed-
ing heart, many a mother weeping for herslaugh-
tered son, tens of thousands of our neighbors
gone to an untimely iyr.ive, and the rebels are not
yet Mibdued. And yet we are told that we must
not stop the furthei effusion of white blood by
the employment of the oppressed slave against his
oppiessor. >Sn, to which side do such men be-
long ? Are they with the Republic, or are they
like Cethegus and Lentulus sitting in the Roman
senate, while their associate, Catiline, was with
the lebcl army outside the walls11
Hut they say this tends to excite servile war. I
believe no sue}) thing. Disciplined troops under
the A i tides ot War do not engage in insurrection.
Bui suppose it were so: which is the most cruel,
which the most to be deprecated—an exteimina-
ting war bet ween the oppiessed and his oppi essor,
or a nmrdfious warfare by unm|uied citizens
a<:.\inxf the unoffending Government which had
protected them, and was the hope of the freedom
of the" woild? Can sei v tie wai pioduce moie in-
human scenes than are now enat tod by the i ebels
IT ere one of frequent instances, as given in an
Indiana Democratic papei :
"Hi nu.v Shooting \7i- crocs —U'e have noticed the
fact ot' the "-hootniq; of the negroes toiittd on the Tnum
lone-ports latelv burned h\ rtic icheN at Ilarpeth ^hoaN.
nn the (.'ittubeiland The New Albany (Indiana1* Ledger',
ot the rJ(Hh. £ive«. the following account of the afiait :
''' The ukM atrocious and cold-blooded aft-ur ot the pr<s
cut wai ii the vjjooiniL' of some ( i^hteen ni'the eeuio cabin
bov s and cook- en the ftoamet- lately eriptmed at ilaipoth
Shoal* Thetie men and boy-- weie'ticd and taken to an
open field ncai the SimaK. and dehheiateh rdiotdownm
cold blood Two ol the m-<rro cpi vants oa the SuMl got
in between the wheel and stern of the boat, and let them-
selves down into the water, holding on to the rudder. They
were discovered by the rebels, and several soldiers were
ordered into a skiff, and rowing close up to the unfoitunate
negroes, discharged the contents of their muskets at them,
literally blowing their head& into atoms.
"4 The damnable villainy of such cold-blooded murder
cannot but fill every heart with the fieieest indignation, and
will beget measures of the bloodiest retaliation.
"•'The life of the chambPimatd of the Tuo was saved by
Mr. Hurley, the clerk, claiming her as his slave whom he
was removing to Kentucky. And even with this pretext,
he had the grearo«t difficulty in saving hei fiom death at
the hands of the bloody-minded commander of the rebels,
Colonel Wade. We hope, this scoundrel maybe captured,
and if lie Is, quartering would be a slight penalty for his
villainous murder ol the^e unoffending negroes, fite acts
of baibarity have scarccly an equal even in the history of
the most savage warfare.'"
Mr. CXIAYENS. Nevertheless, that is a loyal
paper, true to the Constitution and the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not doubt that. If a
servile war were the only means to save this Re-
public, 1 should welcome it as a measure of hu-
manity.
I regret that anybody,in these days of trouble,
should take advantage of the condition of the
country, as the Democrats have done, for party
purposes. But I urn not surprised at it. Eigh-
teen months ago, when we were passing our tax
bill, so absolutely necessary to sustain the war,
the gentleman from Ohio threatened us with its
effect on out paity. I answered him that I knew
what use would be made of it by unprincipled
demagogues who preferred party to country; that
I knew how odious taxation always was; arid that
the unthinking masses would be swayed by those
feelings.
I went further, and said, what I remember our
friends thought indiscreet and incorrect, that I
expected to see the next Congress in other than
Republican hands. But no such considerations
could control my conduct. J should do what I
believed the country lequired, even at the sacri-
fice of political power. I have not changed my
mind; and unless we put more energy into the
commanding generals, and gain victories, all I
predicted will happen. What then? Why, such
triumphs are the triumphs of the friends of the re-
bellion, and will do moi e to divide the Union than
twenty rebel victoiies. The secession newspapers
ail trcata Democratic victory as their victory. And
they expect when they come into power that their
independence will be acknowledged without delay.
So the foreign Governments look upon it. With-
in a few days, Senatoi Foote offered the following
resolutions in the confederate congress, and they
were received with favor:
" The people of the confederate State*, of America hav-
ing, in the pi ogres-* of the pending war, most cleat ly demon-
strated their ability to maintain by atnn the claim to sep-
arate independence, which th<n have hetetotoic averted
before the world,and being inflexibly resolved never to relin-
quish the snuggle in which they aie engaged until the great
straggle for which the\ have boui contending shall have
been finally accomplished ; in view of the fact that a great
political reaction in opposition to the bloody and unnatural
war now in a course ot pio.-ectttion has displayed itself in
several ot the ino«t populous and influential States of what
was once honot ably known as 'The United States of Amer-
ica;'and m view of the additional fact that, even among
the avowed opponents of despotism and the recognized
fneiuN of peace m the North, a giave and deploiable mis-
appiehensjon has of late aitsen in icgard to the tine condi-
tion of public senumentmthe bonth touching the question
of lecon^frneting that political Union once existing under
the protection of what is known as the Fedeial Constitu-
tion : now, in order that no tin the* m^undei-tanding of
the kind refei red to may heicaltci ptevatl, and in oidei that
the unchangeable detetnnnntioii ofourgovci nmem and peo-
ple, in reference to the tei  < upon which nlone they would
bung the sangutnan, snuggle to a close, may be made
known, the co>>gre^ «>f the confedciate States of Ainenca
; do iet-olve fallow*:
i li 1 There h no plan of reconstructing what was for-
J meih known ns the deial f.'mon, lo whielMhe people of
j the coufednnie State*, will ever consent. W'iong-> too
' gnev.nisand multiplied have been committed upon u* and
■ upon oni mo-i eh"iMied light-., h\ a milled Noith, since
, tin- unprovoked and mo*t wicKed wai commenced; a ma-
! joiitv (it the people of the northern Staler have too evi-
; dentil "houn themselves to be utteilv incapable of self-
, jrovet anient juhI nnnnndial of ah tlief uiulameiual nuuciples
upon which aion« lopoU'ican iii-utunon-, can "be main-
tained : they have {oo !<mg .-uhuntted patiently to. the lion
rule of the ba-e<t and nio-n degiaded devpot.Mti that the
woild has \et Known ; hn too long a p< nod, of tune they
have openlv and unblo-hin !v •winpatnsxed with the iaw-
fes« and ferocious miscreants who ha\e U-eti ^cnt into the
ao-om of the unoffending South to 'pslitbe pieaou* blood
of out n o«,t valued cmxetis—to poM^t, and de-< eiat" all;
that we hold m especial re.spect and v^ue-uuion—to lob us
of oin property—to expel u.s fiom aui homes, and wantonly
to devastate our country—to alloty e of the possibility
