1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
of our ever again consenting to hold the least political con-
nection with thotip who have so GYuelly outraged our sensi-
bilities, and so profoundly dishonored themselves, and in
association with whom wo feel that we could not expect
that freedom which we lovc.thatself-respect which we are
determined evei to cultivate, and the esteem and sympathy
of civilized and Christian nations.
"2. While the confederate States of America are not at
all responsible for the existing war, and have been at all
times ready to participate in such arrangement* a5? would
be best suited to bring it to a clo&e in a manner consistent
with their own safety and honor, they could not yield their
consent to an armistice of a si igle day or hour, so long as
the incendiary proclamation of the atiocjous monster now
bearing rulo in VVa-hirigton city shall remain unrevoked •,
hoi could the government of said confederate States agree
to negotiate at all in iccard to a suspension of hostilities,
except upon the basis* ol a lormal and unconditional tecog-
ftition of their independence.
''3. Whenever the tuends of peace in the North shall
grow strong enough to constrain Abraham Lincoln and his
flagitious Cabinet"to withdraw &aid proclamation, and pro-
pose an armistice upon the ba^i* aforesaid, the government
of the confederate States will be ready to accede to said
proposition of armistice with a view to the settlement oi
all the exiting difficulties.
" 4. Should peace be at any time In ought about, the con-
federate States of Aiueiica would freely consent to the
foinianon of a ju-t and mutually advantageous commercial
treaty with all the States now constituting the United States,
except New England—with whose people, and m wbo>o
ignoble love of gold and hi utifying fanaticism, this disin ace-
ful war has mainly originated ; in consideration ot which
fact the people of tin* confederate States of America aie
fiimly ami deliberately resolved to have no intercour-e
whatever hereafter, either direct or indirect, political, coni-
meicial, oi social, undci any cncuin^t.uices which could
be possibly imagined to evi-t. with -.aid States of New Eng-
land or the peoplr therein resident.
"5. The government ot the confederate States, in con-
sideration oi the change hi public sentiment winch ha** oc-
culted in several of the noithern States, wheiein political
elections have been lecently held—sympathizing most
kindly with tho<-e hv whose manlv OAcrtJons tliat change
has been hi ought about—would be willing to conclude a
ju^t ami honoiable peace with any one or mote of .-aid
Stares who (lenouncm? all politicaj connection with New
England) may be found willing to stipulate for desisting at
once from the furthei pio>ecution of the war airainst the
South, and iu such case the government of the confederate
States, would bo willing to entei into a league, offensive
and defensive, with the State* thus desi&ring, of a perma-
nent and euduiiti!,' ehaiactei.
'•6. The government ot the confedeiate States is now
wilhnc, as it ha- heietuforc i epeatedly avowed itself to be,
whenever the States h<> derinir upon tiie Mississippi uver,
or any of them, shall have deelaicd their inclination to
withdiaw fiom the fui thei pio«.ecuiion of the war upon the
South, (which, could it Ix-sueces-i'ul, would onlyhave the
effect ot destioving then own Iv^t market,) to nunranty to
them, in the ino-t effectual and -satisiactorv manner, the
peaeetul and uninteirupred navigation of the said Mi.-sis-
stppt river and its tiibutane.-, and to open to them at once
the muikets of the South, great!) enhanced in value to them
as theywould he by the peimaiieut exclusion of all articles
of New England growth m* manulaetmo.
117. The couise ot piactical neuuality in regard to the
pending war heietofoie pui.-ued hy the Suites and Territo-
ries wi'.4 ol the l ocky mountains, ha- nfioidtd the high-
est (ratification to the people ot tiie confedeiate States of
Ametica ; and it is hoped that the dav is notfai distant when
said States and Teriuoii'-s, consulting their own obvious
safety and futuie wdiare, will withdiaw fiom all political
connection with a Govei nment winch has hetetolore been
a sou ice of continual oppie>M<m to them; and when s>aid
States and Ten itoi je-5 a^euinu theh M'p.nate independ-
ence, shall approjHiate to themselves the mamlold advant-
ages sure to icsiilt fiom such a movement; anions which
may he icekoned : 1. Relict tioin guevou^ and exhausting
tart'lT i emulation.- now heme timidly ontoieed 9. Reliefftom
all the discicdit ic-uUini: inevitably fiom the pio-eeution
of the pie-eat unju-t and unauthoi ized wat. 3. Itelietfrom
the pieosiiic ot a du-pvti-m the most heartless and auocious
evei yet established 4 Kehef liom the duelling weight
of taxation un.ivoidablv giowing out ol the war. 5 The
exclusive Use and enjovment of all the neh mineral lands
-troiehinsr along the t-lope of tin Pncifie. G Ftee tiade with
ail the nations of the eaith, and alutuie maiitime growth
and powei that has no parallel; and lastly, a moiiopol) of
the tiade of the Pacific oce.m.
u 8. Rcsolrcd, That the president be re.-peetfnlly requested,
if he shall appiove the--( resolutions, to cause them to be
promulgated and tian-nutted to the States of the North by
such mean-: as lie shall deem most judicious; and that he
accompany them, if lie shall think it advisable, with such
an addiesas or pioclatnation expositor of the mattei-- em-
bodied theioiii as he shall judge mcst suitable and pioper."
I have been at a loss to decide who was tlie real
author of lhes>"> resolutions; wlietlier one of tiie
gentlemen from OSjio [Mr. Cox or Mr. Vallax-
digiiam] or the iehe] senator himself. Afterstat-
ing most distinctly what they have always adhered
to, that they would accept no negotiation except
on the basis of absolute independence, thoy ex-
pi ess a hope that, m view of the groat political re-
action, their friends, the Democrats, m the .North
will soon be able to offer such proposition. They
will hold no negotiation with the " atrocious ??iou-
ster," Abraham Lincoln: but when their friends,
the Democi ats, (this1 is a fair inference,) shall com-
pel Lincoln and Ins " atrocious" Cabinet to with-
draw his infamous proclamation, (which Foote
Nmv SEPIKS—NO. 6.
hates about as bad as the other side of this House,)
they will entertain terms of peace with all the old
States except New England. She must be for-
ever excluded from the new Union to be formed
between the Democratic party and the traitors.
Now, sir, I am at a loss to know whether Foote
stole these ideas from the gentlemen from Ohio,
or whether they stole them from him. 3 think
they were first promulgated by the northern party
in New York, ft is very evident, however, that
the parties had a full understanding of each other's
views. Such remarkable concurrence of plans and
ideas could hardly be accidental.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] in an-
swer to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wulson,]
denied that in his New York speech he advised
the exclusion of New England, as Foote does.
I do not say that, in as direct and candid language
as the rebel senator, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] made that recommendation. He de-
nies it. I have looked at his speech within the last
few minutes, and am reminded by it of the speech
of another famous orator of ancient times, Marc
Antony. [Laughter.] The gentleman from Ohio
tells the people of New York that there is a grow-
ing determination on the part of the people of the
Northwest not to hold any further communion
with the people of Now England. He hopes that
that feeling will not prevail; and then he goes on,
through about four pages, to denounce New Eng-
land as unworthy of such association, and as de-
serving to be excluded from the Union.
I remember that Marc Antony was allowed to
deliver an oration at the funeral of Caesar, only
on the condition that he would notattempt to stir
up sedition. In that speech he says:
(C Hut Brutus says, he was ambitious,
And Brutus is an honoiable man ;
So are they all; all honorable men."
" I come to bury Caisai, not to praise him."
*********
"But Brutus says, he was ambitious
And Hiutus is an honorable man."
" Ca;sar broucht many captives home to Rome,
Who?e randoms did" the geneial coffers fill."
" When that the pooi have cried, Ctesarhath wept;
Vet firutm- says, he was ambitious,
And Brutus is an honorable man."
He tells the people that Cassar had made them
his heir by bis will, and then showing his bloody
mantle, he cried:
" L'>oi<! in this place, ran Cnssius' dagger through;
See, what a rent the envious Casca made:
Through tin-, the well-beloved Brutus stabb'd."
And then, very Cox-like, he cried:
"Good friends,sweet friend-Oet me not stir you up,"
" They, that have done this deed, are honorable "
That seems precisely tho way in which my
friend from Ohio goes on. I will read one orlwo
words from his speech which he has kindly loaned
me,m illustration. After denouncing New Eng-
land in the bitterest terms, ho says:
'• The West do not complain meielv that their interests
aie sacrificed by New England capitalist* foi their aggrand-
izement, but they detest the idea of Puutun politics.
Page 5, again:
*' In the histoiy which posterity will read, the Puritan?
will play tho pair <if intermeddling dc-ouchves. ^elf-willed
and intolerant bejond any chaiactCH jet known in hi-
toiv '' " If s-fte is not duveu lioin the Union, she will be
humiliated m it."
But friends, good friends, let me not stir you up.
Brutus i:> an honoiable man ;
Ho ate they all; all honorable men." [Laughter.]
The gentleman from Ohio would not at all stir
up disunion. He name "to bury Cccsar, not to
praise him."
I Us said that colored soldiers are cowardly and
unfit foi battle. I will not reneat_ what 1 have
already said on (hat point. Hut all history contra-
dicts it, from the time of Juba and Syphan and
the terribln Numidian cavalry, down through our
Revolution and (he armies of General Jackson, to
j the present time. I send you living evidence in
the lettei of General Saxton, which the Clerk will
please tead.
The Chok read, as follows:
Beaufort, South Cvrolin'a., January %5, )So3.
De^r Hir- 1 have the honorto leport that the organiza-
tion of the r'ir>t icgimunt ot South (\trohna volunteer* h
l now completed. The regimew h lignt limitary, composed
i 1 often companies of about eighty-six men each, armed
with muskets and officered by white men. In organization,
drill, discipline, and morale, this regiment, for the length oi
time it has been in service, is not >urpa!*sed by any white
regiment in this department. Should it ever be its good
fortune to get into action, I have no fear but it will win it?
own way to the confidence of those who are willing to
recognize courage and manhood, and vindicate the wise*
policy of the Administration in putting these men into the
lield.'and giving them a chance to strike a blow for the
country and their own liberty. In noicghnenthave lever
seen duty performed with so much cheerfulness and alac-
rity; and as sentinels, they are peculiarly vigilant. I have
never ^ecn, in any body of men,buch enthusiasm arid deep-
seated devotion to their officer-* ase'd-'ts in this ; they wUl
surely go wheievei they are led. Every man is a volun-
teer, and seems fully persuaded of the importance of his
service to his race, fn the oiganization of this regiment
I have labored under difficulties which might have discour-
aged one who had less faith In tho wHdom of the measure;
but I am glad to repoit that the experiment is a complete
Miceovs. My belief i^, that when we get a footing on the
mam land, regiments may bo raised which will do mora
thap any now in seiviec to put an end to this rebellion.
I have s<<fit the regiment on an expedition to the coa^tof
Georgia, the result of which I shall u-poit (oryour inform-
ation as soon as it returns. I have the honor, al«o, to re-
pai l that J have commenced the organization of the second
regiment, which i* to be commanded by Colonel Mont-
gomery.
I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,
R. bAXTONT, IhigatHer General.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of iVar.
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Speaker, in connection with
the testimony furnished in favor of the employ-
ment of the slave, I desire to supply the testimony
of the most remarkable man of modern Italy,who,
while an exile from his beloved country, with all
the ardor of his nature, entered the service of the
Republicans of Biazil, who were seeking to ex-
tricate themselves from the tyranny of the Bra-
zilian emperor. In the description of one of the
battles between the Republican and Imperial par-
ties, I find this passage;
"The terrible lancets of Canabarro had already made a
movement torwaid, confuting the right flank of theenemy,
which was therefore obliged to change fiont m confusion.
The brave freedmen, pioud of their foice, became more firm
and lesolute, and that incomparable corps presented Jo view
a foie>t or' hmce-, being composed entirely of slaves liber-
ated by the republic and chosen from the best horse tam-
ers in the piovmee,and all of them blacks, even the superior
offiecis. The enemy had never seen the backs of those
true sons of liberty. Their lances, which were, longer than
the common measure, their ebony faces and robust limbs,
htieniuhened hy perennial and laborious exercise, and their
perfect discipline, stiuelc terroi into the enemy."
A Member. What do you read from?
Mr. DIVEN. From the Life of Garibaldi by
himself, pagv 63.
Mr. STEVENS. My colleague from Luzerne
says the true way to succeed is to restore General
M<;Cle!lan. I know the Democratic officers and
others have been tampering with the Army through
disloyal newspapers and otherwise to inculcate
that idea among the soldiers. Sir, when the suc-
cess of this war depends on one man's word, it is
time to suirender our independence. But I have
a better opinion of our citizen soldiers. I was
a fuend of General McClellan, although unac-
quainted with him, because his excellent and able
father was one of my most intimate friends. But
when I learn from authentic records that he de-
liberately and habitually disobeyed the explicit
orders of the President and (he Commander-in-
Chief of the Army, (and I may say here that I
have reason to know that he treated the gallant
Lieutenant General before ho retired in the same
way,) I thmk he has reason to be thankful that
he has escaped without severe punishment. No
other nation in the world would have permitted
it. Many would have visited it with death.
My colleague is still hopeful, because he says
there is a God. Yes, sir, 1 behove there isa God,
an avenging God, who is now punishing the sins
of this nation for the wicked wrongs which for
centuries we have inHicted on a blameless race,
and which many of you wish to make perpetual.
I will say to my colleague, and to those who be-
lieve in divine retribution, what I have before .said:
" hasten to do justice and stay the sword of the
destroying ana;el."
I believe that if the course which wo now pro-
pose had been adopted eighteen months ago, we
should now have peace and universe'1 liberty on
this continent. But the timidity of conservatives,
the clamor of Democratic demagogues, and the m-
bidious counsels of Kentucky prevent,ed^;ur ex-
cellent and kind-hearted President from making
stern resolves, and using every legitimate means
to crush the rebels. Sir, I would not have on my
