1863.
TH1 C0^&E1SSK)NAL ©LOBE.
and was about to retire to the Hermitage to die,
he left this legacy to the people whom he had
served and the country he had loved so well:
" Bur the Constitution cannot be maintained, nor the
Union preserved, in opposition to public fueling, by the
more coercive powers confided to the General Government.
The foundations must be laid in the affections of the people,
lathe security which it gives to life, liberty, and property
in every quaiter ofihe country, and in a fraternal attach-
ment winch the citizens of the several States bear one to
another as members of one political tanuJy mutually con-
tributing to promote the happiness of each oilier."
If these words be words of truth we mustlook
to other auxiliaries, as well as to the exercise of
military power, to restore this Union. It is not
too iate to do it now. There is a sentiment—it
may be dormant, but it still exists—in the hearts
of the masses in these seceded States of love to
this Union and a desire to return to it and enjoy
its blessings and its privileges as they were once
enjoyed. "Much has been done to paralyze it;
much has been done, I regret to say, to crush it
out; but if we expect to restore the Union, if we
expect peace, peace for the loyal people of this
country even, it will not do to proceed upon the
supposition that those people are a unit, and di-
rect our energies to their extermination. If that
is to be the policy by which the Administration
is to be governed in the conduct of this war; if,
as has been announced by the Senator from Illi-
nois, the policy of the Administration in the con-
duct of the war must be pursued, and all who do
not concur in that policy should be dismissed from
its military service; if that policy be a policy of
extermination and subjugation; if the policy an-
nounced by Wendell Phillips, who seems to haunt
these Halls occasionally, and who makes his trips
from Boston to Washington,and from NewYork
to Washington and back, is to bo the policy that
is to govern in the conduct of this war, " liberty
to the slave or death to theUnion," I say, the lat-
ter will be the realization of the hopes of those who
attempt to prosecute this war upon such a policy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Virginia does not design to misrepresent the
position which 1 stated in the few remarks that I
made yesterday.
Mr. CARL1LE. Certainly not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not looked at the
report of those remarks; but what I intended to
say, and presume I did say, was that no one
should be intrusted with military command or
authority who did not concur in the military pol-
icy of the Government to put down this rebellion.
I did not expect that a person should necessa-
rily harmonize jn all the views which the Admin-
istration entertained upon other subjects, upon
political questions and other questions; but pvery-
thing connected with the military, in my judg-
ment, should be required to conform to the policy
and the plan which the Administration adopts.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, my opinion
is that the Constitution of the United States made
the President Commander-in-Chief of its Army
and Navy for the purpose of asserting and main-
taining the great principle which lies at the foun-
dation of our Government, that the military should
ever be subordinate to the civil power; and it is
as the civil head of the nation that the President
isCommander-iu-Chiefofthe Army, in my opin-
ion, it never was presumed by th'j framets ot that
instrument that the President would assume to
himself, in the midst of all the ci \ i! duties which he
is called upon as President to discharge!, and which
no one else can discharge for him, the immediate
and direct conduct of the war; that lie wou-d foi m
the plans; that he would issue the orJei.v, riwv he
would direct the geneials in the field how* to con-
duct the war. That is not my opinion of this Gov-
ernment, and it has not been the pr^tice hereto-
fore, for we have always had a military man at
the head of our Army as its general-in-cinef. We
have one there now; but it seems he is a mere
puppet in the hands of others.
Mr. President, if the Administration of this
country has a policy, I care not how honestly it
may believe in that policy, I Sudd that it isthe
duty of that Adnnnistiution to let go that policy,
:tnd cease to enforce it wherever that pohcy is
manifestly in opposition to the will of the people.
It is the people that is the Government; it is not
the President. It is the people that is the source
of all power. It is their interest to maintain their
own Government; and the President and the mem-
bers of Congress are but their servants, not their
rulers; and the people should prescribe to1 the
President and their other servants the rules by
which they are to be governed. The people have
declared the purposes and objects for which this
war shall be waged, with a unanimity unequaled
in the history of the country. They declared in
the inception of this struggle, by their represent-
atives in this Chamber and the other House, that
this war should not be waged for the destruction
of any institution of any State; that it was not a
war against the rights of any State; that it was
not a war for the destruction of any institution of
the States; not a war of subjugation and conquest;
but that it was a war for the suppression of an
armed military force organized for the purpose of
resisting the civil authority of this Government—
a war for the maintenance of the Constitution,
and for the restoration of States to their former
relations, with all their rights, with all their privi-
leges remaining as they were prior to the break-
ing out of the rebellion.
But, Mr. President, this is a digression to some
extent, into which I have been drawn by the re-
marks made in this discussion, and for which I
am not responsible. I will notice, however, another
one of the measures that belongs to this class.
Closely akin to this force legislation which is pro-
posed by the section of this bill to which 1 have
referred, is the bill that passed this body a few
nights ago, closing the courts of (he States, strik-
ing out of existence the right of the States, through
their own judiciary, to redress the wrongs inflicted
upon their citizens; a bill which in fict asserts the
right of any one in the military employment of
this country, claiming color of authority from the
executive head of this nation, to go into any of;
the States of this Union and arrest at will and ;
pleasure, without warrant or affidavit, and with- '
out charge, any one of the citizens of any of the
loyal States of this Union, incarcerating him in
one of the prisons of the land, and denying to the
State the right to inquire through its judiciary
into the causes of the anest and the power to le-
dress the wrong tints inflicted upon its citizen. In
my humble opinion, (and I speak it with all due
respect for others who may think otherwise,) this
legislation is calculated to bring the State govern-
ments and the Federal Government into collision;
it is calculated to alarm and excite the apprehen-
sionsofthe people; it is calculated to awaken their
fears that in this struggle for the restoration of
the Union may be involved not alone the loss of
liberty to those who formeily existed with them
south of a particular line, but the loss of their own
liberties and the estaolishmenfc-of a government of
force, governed, it may be, by a cabal of mediocri-
ties, erected upon the ruins of constitutional lib-
erty. The country is justly alarmed at the power
of arrest exercised without authority of law by
those who have been clothed with a little brief
authority," and the fears of the people are not
allayed when they hear their repiesentatives in
Congiesa claim for the President the light to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus—a power never
before claimed for the Executive, but always be-
lieved to bo vested m Congress alone, only to be
exercised in cases of invasion or rebellion when
the publicsafety required it. I will not, however,
upon this bill discuss this question, but will con-
tent myself with reading the following paragraph
from the third volume ol Story's Commentaries,
| page 209:
i! Ft would -?eem, as the pow er I* niven to Coupes lo^u*-
] peud tin1 Wilt of habeas corpus in e.T-o-i of rebellion or in-
i: va-ion, the i ight to judjie whether i'ic exigency hnsaiihoii
;i must e.xeiusivi'i> Ik long to that bod\.''
! k has been well said—
! ''That every specie^ of government, of whatever name,
j winch fhall not equally proteef every nnyle individual ot
i i the nation m hN civil and politieal riLjist-, i*- a tyiannj. and
: i a* such to he deprecated and opposed.''
j But, Mr. President, to come back to tins immc-
diate provision before the Senate, if Justice Story
:j be authoiity, and he cues to bustam him siMns
I opinion the decisions of the Supreme Com t of the
j; country, you have not the constitutional power to
') subject to military law any citizen of any State,
!! even when you have diahed him into your ser-
i vice. It cannot be done until he is in the actual
military service and employment of the Govern-
ment of the United States. But, sir, is it expe-
dient? It was announced the other day by a distin-
guished and leadiugmemberof the Administration
party, the chairman of one of the most important
committees in the House of Representatives, as
reported in the Chronicleya- paper published wi-
th is city, that you could not, by conscription,get'
fifty thousand men. If he be right, if tlia* be so*
we all know you can more than double or quad*
ruple that number by an appeal to the patriotism'
of the country. I saw somethiogof the effect of
this attempt to draft even in the portion of'the-
State where I reside, under thecall for three hun-
dred thousand nine months men. "Vs%lmd those
amongst us who were disposed to sit quietly and"
submit to lawful authority as exercised through
the agents of the Government of the United States-
and the reorganized State government, but yet
were unwilling to enter the military service of the
United States and wage war against those with
whom they had been formerly connected. An
unwise effort, as I believe, was made by our State
authorities to' fill up our regiments by intimating
to them that a draft would follow if ihey were not
filled up. I have it from very respectable author-
ity, and believe it to be true, that more recruits
were thus driven to the army of Jeff Davis in
thatcountry, who would otherwise have remained
quietly at their homes, than were enlisted in the
service of the United States.
Sir, I do not distrust the loyalty of the people.
I mean their loyalty to the Constitution of their
country, and to the Government formed for them
by their fathers; not loyalty to this dogma or the
other dogma; not loyalty to the institution of sla-
very, or loyalty to the abolition of slavery. If it
were in my posver, that word should never enter
into our thoughts and should never be uttered in
our discussions. Let that institution, like every
other institution, take its chances in this war.
But, sir, never, never, with my consent, shall
an arm be raked to strike down the rights of the
States as guarantied by the Constitution and Gov-
ernment under which we live; thus destroying the
harmony and beauty of that system which, as l
have before remaiked, has been the wonder of the
woild, and has been said to be the admiration of
mankind.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have been
surprised at the opposition to this bill, and espe-
cially from the quarter from whence it comes. I
believe there is no ground ot objection to this bill
except that it fails to contain the details necessary
to give it practical efficacy. That is the objection
I have to the bill. We have come to this position
in this country: we confess we cannot fill up our
armies by volunteering. In a short time many
of tfie troops called out for nine months will go
back to their homes; those that have enlisted for
two years will go back to their homes. How.
shall we fill up our armies? Is the Senator from
Virginia willing to give up the contest?
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. How, then, can we carry
on war without an army? Congress has power
to raise armies without any limit as to the mode
or manner. There is not a country among the
civilized nations of the world but what has some
foim of conscription or impressment authorized
by law. It was a peculiauty of our Army that
it was composed entirely of volunteeis. This
Government has a ri^ht to raise armies to main-
tain its existence. How shall we raise them r We
cannot do it by volunteeimg. The only way h*ft
is by selecting in some way from among the
masses of our people those physically able to bear
aims and setting tin m aside for the time being to
bear arms to maintain the authority of the Gov-
ernment. That is all that is done by the provis-
ions of this bill.
But the Senator from Virginia goes outside of
the bill and discusses a great variety of topics.
Allow me, however, first to answer his argument
in regard to the fourth section of the bill. What
is this fourth section ?
" That every person who shall, in pursuance of any law
of the United States, or lequt-itioa of' the President, he
diafted as a soldier, .-hall, when ,«o diafted, be deemed to
be m the actual seruee of'Hie United State-., and shall be
theieupou subject to the ru!e and aiticlesof war hi thci-am^
mnnnei as though lie had been mustered into the service ot
the United State-.51
The Senator from Virginia quotes Judge Story
! as saying that a man cannot be subjected to mar-
|i tial law until he is in the service of the United
;i States, But when is he in the service? This bill
will fix the tune when he is m the service,and that
,j is all there isofit. Theautlioi ity lead by the Sen-
]\ ator himself shows that when the soldier is in the
'I service he is subject to martial law and to the
