82
*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Bankrupt Laiv—Mr. Fessenden.
Ho. op Reps.
conscience the blood of the tens of thousands who
have thus been sacrificed,and which must rest on
the souls of its authors, for all the spoils of office,
for all the allurements of the presidential chair,
rior for all the diamonds that ever glittered in
G-olconda.   
BANKRUPT LAW.
SPEECH OF HON. S. C. FESSENDEN,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
Febrnarij 4, 1863,
On the bill to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. Mr. Speaker, the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thomas,] in his remarks upon this bill a few
days since, said that he thought this measure of
a bankrupt law one of the most important sub-
jects on which we are to act during the present
session. Be this as tt may, one thing is certain:
the petitioners to this Congress were so numer-
ous and so respectable, and the subject was
deemed of so grave importance, that it was thought
best by tins body to refer it to a special commit-
tee, and the result has been, thus far, the bill now
before the House.
This subject has, likewise, engaged the atten-
tion of the Senate, and there is now pending in that
body a bill for the establishment of a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the United States.
In the brief remarks which 1 have to make, I
do not propose to discuss the merits of the bill
now upon your table. 1 foul my inability to do
so. I have no experience in mercantile business,
and if, as some assert, a bankiupt law is one to
be treated of by practical men only, L ought not
to ventuio on the subject. Still, it has its prin-
ciples, and the pi mciplea of the subject belong to
all men. Truths are important as a basis, and
without them, cither as a point to start fiom or
towards which to go, experience is of little ac-
count. In the course of the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. UoscouConklinc,]
as well as of the remarks of my fi lend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Tiiomas,] allusion was made to
the bankrupt law of 1841. There aie seveial
points to which 1 wish to advert in speaking of
thi.i law. It was repealed dining the Congress
by which it was enacted, and it has been alleged
that the fact of its repeal and that there has been
no uniform bankrupt law upon our statute-books
since the time of its repeal, goes to show that the
operation of the law was far from being salutary;
that the people called for its repeal, and that no
interests of debtor or creditor in thin country
require a bankrupt law.
JN"ow how is tins? How aie we to ascertain
the facts in this regard? Far I admit, if what is
here alleged is (rue, then we ha\e had an experi-
ence which ought to have no little weight with us
in the conclusion to which we may come. For-
innately,we nmyacquaint ourselves with the facts.
You havebefoie you the testimony of the judges
and clerks and attorneys of the district courts
of ]«41, 18*10, and 1843, upon this very subject-
matter. Then there weie twenty-six States, and
Mr. Webstei, then Sicietuiy of State, sent his
circulars for infoimation into all these States and
laid before the Senate the te^ult of his investiga-
tion,!!) the eonimunieutions which he received
fiom fhcfe gentlemen; gentlemen whose official
posit ion was such as to give them the best possible
opportunity for furnishing the information re-
quired,
Ij'.'t me je;ul the letter of Hon. As'hur Ware,
then, as now, judge of the district couit of
Maim ; foi it is the basis of what I 'nave io say
in regaid to the operations of the law, cuid its
effect upon the country. (Senate Documents,
Thini Session, Twenty-Seventh Congress, 1842-
43, vol'. 2, doc. 19.)
Poktlavj), Dcccmhci thi. 1842.
Sir: I have received your letter of the lGtn instant. cov-
ering a resolution of the Senate, and a-skins; for ceitani in-
formation with respect to the bankiupt Jaw. and I avail
myself of the fust moment of leisure to give jou an answer.
fn icgasd to the first point of youi inquiries, that is, as to
any akeiations or amendments of the law, i can  ay noth-
ing further than tiiat it has been in operation for so short
a tune, that tl  * adequacy of the general provisions of the
law to effectuatc its general objects has not yet, perhaps,
been sufficiently tried to enable one to form a decided opin-
ion. Hitherto I have not perceived but that the provisions
of the law are sufficient for the purpose; but fuithei ex-
perience may point out defects that have not yet been
made appaient.
In regard to the other point of your inquiries, what have
been the effects and operation ofthe law. I can speak more
explicitly. The law embraces two distinct systems of
bankruptcy, voluntary and involuntary. So far as the act
is compulsory, and enables creditors to coerce a debtor
into bankruptcy, it has introduced an important change
into the relation of debtor and creditor in this State, that
is altogether in favor of the creditor, and my belief is that
m the present state of the law of debtor and creditor in
this State, it will be fouriil in its operation dccidedly salu-
tary. And such, I think, is the prevailing opinion among
the creditor class of the community.
With regard to the system of voluntary bankruptcy, I do
not feel piepared to give so explicit an answer, but I am
strongly inclined to the opinion that thus far the effects of
the law have, on the whole, been favorable, but that its
benefits have not been clcar and unmixed with evil. The
first operation ofthe law m this State may be very pkiiniy
interred trom a view of the schedules of debts and assets
annexed to the petitions. It has been to redeem a great
numberof persons fiom hopeless insolvency. The amount
of indebtinent is so large and so dispropoitiouate to the
assets, that it Is obvious, indeed too cleai to admit of any
doubt, that m by far the greater number of cases the debts
never could be paid. If the debts had been left as legal
and subsisting obligations, tiiey must have remained in the
hands of the creditors entirely worthless. By canceling
them, the debtor is relieved from embarrassments from
winch no diligence or prudence on his part could ever ex-
tueato him. And as the effort, if made by the debtor, would
be made without hope, the presumption is that it would
not be made at all. The result, theiefore, is that the debtor
is relieved, with the opportunity ofbeeommg ausetul mem-
ber ofthe community, without any real injury to the cred-
itor if no bankiupt law had been passed, the statute of
limitations would giadually have performed the same opei-
ation an the law has accomplished at once. But this oper-
ation would have been stow, and, as many debts have been
converted into judgments, the peiiodofihe debloi's eman-
cipation would have been postponed to so late a day, and in
.so manv ea^es to buoli an advanced period of las lite, that
if would have been oi little value when it arrived.
These observations will apply to a large poition, prob-
ablj to a largo majority, of the voluntaiy petitioners in this
Slate.
The voluntary bankrupts in this State may be divided
into two classes. The hr.-t comprehends persons who have
been engaged in huge and untortunatc .speculations, and
aio Involved to a huge amount—quite too large to admit
even a distant hope of their ever being paid if uo bankrupt
law had existed. Generally speaking, they could have had
as Utile hope of ever settling with their ereditois by com-
piomise; tor having lost, by misfortune or linpiudence, the
whole or nearly the whole of their pioperty, they have
nothing left to offer theii creditors by way of compromise.
The second and by far the most numerous class consists
of persons whose Indebtinent is compaiatively small. A
laige part of theiu are farmers and mechanics From mis-
fuitune or otherwise tuey have become involved in debts
which, compaied with thedebts of merchants orotheis who
have done a large business, look, it is true, veiy small, and
quite ui-ujrmficant; hut to persons of their oe< upationa and
halms of life ate loimidable, and such as they could have
but Utile, it anv, hope of ever beingable to pay ; and though
(he'u debts ;ue not large, they are u<uall> due to creditors
oi thai cla<s that it is quite ;w difficult f<u them to effect a
eumpiomise as it is lor merchants oi speculators, whose
delns ate larger, and 1 am inclined to think usually more
so. The only chance they eould < vei have of being pl.u ed
m a .situation in which they could ''njoy Hie fruits of their
labni beyond what was consumed by their daily MibsHt-
i nee, iliat is. in a condition in which they could labor with
ehectfulness, wa- by a dt-'ehatge undei a bankiupt law.
The number o| poson* ot this ela^s who have applied tor
the benefit ol the law is much laigei than I bad anticipated.
Many have applied, I have no doubt, who would have acted
moie wisely, as well ;is mine honestlv and honoiabiy, not
to have done it lint .still the relief which the law has given
is very extensive, and, though not unmixed with evil, the
Hood, upon the whole, gtcatly preponderates.
This opinion, which is the icsultof mv own obsejvation
as lai as it has extended, is confirmed by the icmarks which
I have heaid fiom otheis who have had bettei opportuni-
ties of witnessing the etlocts of ihe law, paiticnlarlv in le-
latton to this el ass oi peunoncK. The-c obseivations ap-
ply of cotiisc to the fust eifeets* of the law. What may be
U- ultimate operation on the moials and luf-iness habits of
the commumtv, and especially on what is called the cedit
?\<tem. can, I suppose, only be ascertained bj furthei e\-
P'Mience. On tin. u !mh\ looking at the m stem of volun-
taiy hankrnptcv as somewhat in the nature of an experi-
ment, the ertect-  of which can be detctimncd oni\ by longei
evpei icnce, f should sd\, that it anv substantial" alteration
is made at present, it should be by a simple jepeul ofthe law
so tar as it enables a peison to be dcc'.ued a bankiupt, and
obtain a diseharL'e bv proceedings instituted In himself,
leaving it in torce wi'houtalteiauon so lar as it establishes
a s\vt 'uj of eompukoiy bankiuptey
1 have the honot to be, with -entunents of great respect
yom inodt obrd. nt ASUU& WARE.
Hon. Danikl \Vi:sstkr, Secretary of State,
Judge Waio is supported in his views by the
district attorney of Maine, a brief extract from
whose letter 1 will read. (Senate Documents,
Third Session, Twenty-Seventh Congress, vol. 3,
doc. 13.)
"Th* operation of this act In this district lias, I think.
been salutary. Debtors, deeply insolvent, have resorted to
it for relief; and, so far as my observations have extended,
and I have been a very close observer, there have been few
cases of fraud.
"In the districtcourt here, the examination of bankrupts
has been veiy strict, and the ordeal a severe one; and I
know of no cases where I even suspect that fraud has es-
caped detection. Its retrospective effect is nearly over,
and, in prospect, creditors were beginning to look to it as
a regulator to check and contiol credit."
Let me analyze this testimony.
In regard to the general provisions of the law,
to effectuate its general objects, the judge did not
perceive but that the provisions of the law were
sufficient for the purpose. In legald to the effects
of the operation of the law, both ns to its volun-
tary and involuntary system, his opinion is that
it has been favorable, but that its benefits have
not been clear and unmixed with evils; that the
debtor has been relieved from embarrassments
from which no diligence or prudence on his part
could ever extricate him—with the opportunity of
becoming a useful member of the community, with-
out any real injury to the creditor ; that the lelief
which the law has given is very extensive, and,
though not unmixed with evil, the good, upon the
whole, greatly preponderates. The district attor-
ney of Maine supports the judge in his opinion
that the operation of the law was salutary; and
he says, moreover, that under it—and he was a
very close observei—there were very few cases of
fraud, and that he knew of no cases where he even
suspected that fraud had escaped detection.
Now, I undertake to say on the floor of this
House, and any gentleman who will give himself
the time to investigate will find the statement cor-
rect, that, if you will classify the communications
received from the judges anu attorneys and clerks
in reply to the call for information from the Sec-
retary of State, you will find that nine tenths
of this very respectable body of men concur
with the views of the gentlemen whose letters I
have read, in regard to the operation and effects of
the bankrupt law m the States respectively repre-
sented by these gentlemen. A salutary law—
salutary in its operation and effects. Good for the
debtor and good for the creditor. A preventive
of rather than an inducement to frauds; and,
therefore, promotive of the commercial interests
of the whole country.
If it be true, as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts said, that the bankrupt law of 1841, as to
its effect, " was simply to wipe out and expunge
millions of debt," and u in the administration of
it the creditors got nothing," it was not because
the rights of creditors were not properly guarded,
nor by reason of frauds on the part of debtors;
but for the reason stated by Associate Justice
Story, (Senate Documents, Thn d Session, Twen-
ty-Seventh Congress, vol. 3, doc. 21, p. 8,) in
his letter to the Secretary of State on the bank-
rupt law. He writes:
<k It is true that the dividends for the creditors have hith-
erto been small; but this has arisen, not from fiaud or con-
cealment of property, but trom the fact that whole elasses
were insolvent, m tuin, befoie the <y-tem existed; and,
therefore, its principal operation has hitherto been to re-
lieve debtors, and not to give much relief to creditors. At
the same tune, I am well satisfied that it has not done to
these creditors generally any harm oi misentef. They have
icceived their share of all the debtor had, be it more or
less."
Nor was the judge alone of this opinion. His
views, as here expressed, are supported by cor-
roboiative testimony on nearly every page of this
Senate document. If the law was "a sponge to
wipe out debts," it was merely the sponging out
in form what was, on all hands, held to be lost in
fact. Thirty-three thousand seven hundred and
thirty-nine debtorsavailed themselves of the ben-
efits of this law ! And how many thousand cred-
itors were benefited by it, 1 will leave you to de-
termine.
Nor did the country ask for the repeal of the
bankrupt law of 1841. Senator Berrien, in his
repott to the Senate, February 3, 1843, uses this
language:
" No general, authentic expression of public opinion, un-
favorable to the act in all its provisions, and calling for its
entile repeal, is known to the committee, or is believed to
exist. If the public press be resorted to as the index of that
opinion, it will be found, wheie it is adverse to the exist-
ing law, to indicate its modification, not its icpeal. If re-
course is had to the petitions piehented at the late session
of Congress, affording the most recent, general expiession
of public opinion, in this foim, it will appear by leference
to a document prepared in the office of the Secretary of tb 
