7M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
rales and artieles of war. When is he in the ser-
vice? The Senator does not tell us when. This
bill does say when. It prescribes the time when
martial law shall commence. When is a man in
the service of the United States? He is in the
service when he is selected from among his fel-
low-citizens, drafted, conscripted, to bear arms.
From that moment, according to the laws of all
nations, hets in the service. To remove all am-
biguity on the subject growing out of our previ-
ous legislation, this fourth section declares that
from that moment he is in the service and subject
to the rules and articles of war.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope my honorable
friend will allow me to interrupt him on the point
he is arguing, as I have the authority of the Su-
preme Court in my hand, and it will make the
point he is now arguing perfectly conclusive.
. Mr. SHERMAN. I will yield with pleasure.
I shall be glad to have the authority read.-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the case
referred to by the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont is a case arising under the law of Pennsyl-
vania. Congress had provided by law for the
drafting of the militia, and subjecting those who
did notappear to penalties to be imposed by courts-
martial. Congress did not provide that the courts-
martial should be established by the authorities
of the United States. The law of Pennsylva-
nia, however, stepped in, and provided that if
persons were drafted in pursuance of this act of
Congress and failed to come, they should be sub-
jected to the penalties imposed by this act of Con-
gress, and provided also that a court-martial of
the State should be organized to impose the pen-
alty. The State court-martial of Pennsylvania
imposed the penalty and levied the fine. The
property was seized. The property seized by vir-
tue of this order of the court-martial was replev-
ied, and the controversy which grew out of that
wen tup to the Supreme Court of the United States;
and then this question, which my honorable friend
is now discussing, was one of the precise ques-
tions which were discussed m that case. Justice
Washington, who delivered the opinion of the
court, laid down the rule that under the law of
Congressas it then existed, adistinction was taken
between a person called to go into the service and
a person who was actually employed within the
service. He said, further, that Congress might,
by law, have declared, and perhaps it would have
been better if they had declared, that the time
when he wontinto the service might date froifl the
time when he was drafted, or from the time when
the order went to the Governor to call for the
troops, or when it went to any other officer. Mr.
Justice Story, who was a member of the bench
of the Supreme Couit at that time from New
England, which was supposed to be a little disaf-
fected to the war of 1812, in delivering a dissent-
ing opinion, took issue with the court, and laid
down this dogma, which he subsequently put into
his book, in winch he claimed that under the Con-
stitution such a distinction did exist; and it is
this opinion of Justice Story expressing a dissent-
ing opinion which the Senator from Virginia has
quoted.
Having said thus much, in order to make it
certain, I propose to read a, little from this au-
thority. Justice Washington, in delivering the
opinion of the court, uses this language:
" The fhst question, then, is ar what tune and under what
circumstances does a poitmn of militia, dratted, detached,
and called fotth by the President, enter into the service of
the United States, and change their eharactoi from Stale to
national mtlma ? That Concres> miirht, by law have fixed
the period by confining it to thedratt; the otder given to
the chjcf magistrate 01 other militia ofilcor of the State;
to the arrival of tile men at the plaee of lende/.voiH ; or fo
any other circumstance, I can entertain no doubt. This
would eettainly be included In the moie extensive powers
of calling forth the militia, ornamainjj. arming, disciplin
nig, and governing them. But has Conjzre?-s made any dec-
laration on this subject, and in what manner is the will of
that body, a* cxpiet^ed in the before-mentioned laws, to
be construed
Then ho eoes on to say that under the laws of
1795 and 1814, and the other laws of Congress,
Congress, in the legislation which had taken place
on that subject, did not declare that they were to
be considered as in the service of the United States
until they were finally mustered in, and were en-
titled to receive their pay. There is one point
further. He says:
" But, although Congress has been less explicit on this
subject than they might have been, and it could bp wished
ttieyhad Ueeit, I am, nevertheless, of opinion that a fair
construction of the different militia laws of the United
States will lead to a conclusion that something more than
organizing and equipping a detachment, and ordering it into
service, was considered as necessary to place the militia in
the service of the United States."
And therefore he arrives at his conclusion that
inasmuch as Congress had not by its law declared
when a man was drafted he was from that mo-
ment in the service of the United States and sub-
ject to the rules and articles of war, and as Con-
gress still left him as a part of the State militia,
he was still subject to the laws governing the State
militia, and therefore a militia court-martial of the
State could impose a legal, valid fine upon him for
refusing to obey the call. The court, therefore,
sustained the proceeding of the court-martial.
Justice Story, in giving a dissenting opinion, in
which he as a dissentient judge arrives at the con-
clusion that the law of Pennsylvania is uncon-
stitutional and void, uses the same language which
he subsequently put into his Commentaries, and
that is the language which the Senator from Vir-
ginia has read.
Mr. HOWARD. Will my friend from Wis-
consin give the names of the judges of the Su-
preme Court who concurred in'that opinion?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The decision was made
in 1820, and the names of the judges then were,
Chief Justice John Marshall, £ushrod Washing-
ton, William Johnson, Brockholst Livingston,
Thomas Todd, Gabriel Duval!, and Joseph
Story.
Mr. HOWARD. Judge Story dissented.
Mr, SHERMAN. Tho honorable Senator from
Wisconsin has only added the authority of the
Supreme Court to what appeared to me very plain
from reason alone.
Mr. CARLILE. With the permission 
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust I shall be allowed
to go on and get through. I will simply say to
the honorable Senator from Virginia that if the
authority had any application whatever,it would
only show that he relied on what has been so often
denounced in this Hall, the old New England op-
position to the war of 1812, and the opposition of
the Federalists to that war; but there is nothing
inconsistent in the quotation taken from Judge
Story with the position now claimed by me. Judge
Story simply says that a soldier or conscript is
not subject to the rules and articles of war until
he is in the scrvice; but when is he in the service
of the United States? As a matter of course, the
law must fix the time. We may declare the fact
that he is drafted, selected from among his folio w-
citizcns, makes hit# a soldier in the service of the
United States. I see nothing, therefore, objection-
able in the fourth section of this bill; on the con-
trary, it makes clear and definite what probably
might have been left open to controversy and dis-
pute.
Now, what else is there in this bill ? The hon-
orable Senator has gone into the discussion of a
great variety of matters. If there had been a ne-
gro in this bill, I should have expected as a mat-
ter of course a great deal of excited discussion,
because it is a part of the nature of American pol-
itics that the negro always will give rise to excite-
ment one way or the other. But there is nothing
in this bill except that which relates to the mili-
tary service of the Government: and if Senators
vote against it, their votes will be plainly construed
to mean that they are unwilling to appeal to the
physical force of the United States to put down
this rebellion. We have not yet even exhausted
the volunteer force; but I ask Senators to reflect.
Are they willing to give up this contest if volun-
teers do not rally to our standard? Are they will-
ing to give up even if our people are tired of the
war? I say, never. This contest must be waged
until the constitutional authority of this Govern-
ment is proclaimed and upheld in every portion
of this country. I will not be led from the point
in dispute now by any political harangues as to
whether the President is right or wrong in his
proclamation, whether the black Republicans,as
they are called, are right or wrong in their policy,
or whether the Senator is right or wrong in his.
I believe the people of the United States will never
consent to give up this contest until the constitu-
tional authority of the Government is maintained
everywhere.
Mr. CARLILE. Yes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator agrees with
me. Then how are you to raise your army un-
less you pass some such bill as this? Will, you
leave it open, as it has been left open, to the rule
and discretion of the Secretary of War? It is for
the purpose of regulating that discretion by law,
of taking away from him the power he has been
compelled to exercise, and support him by the
provisions of a law, that I will vote for this bill.
I shall not only vote for this bill, but I am sorry
that the Military Committee did notgo further, as
I think they ought to have done. They ought to
have prescribed in this bill who were exempted
from the operations of the draft; they ought to
have taken from the laws of the French and the
laws of the Austrians and Prussians all those wise
exemptions which the history of war has shown
to be necessary.. I have here the French conscrip-
tion law, which gives a great variety of exemp-
tions, and I am very sorry that they have not all
been embodied here. The objection I have to the
bill is, that it throws upon the President and Secre-
tary of War responsibilities and limitations which
it is our business to pj*scribe, and of which we
have examples in the laws of ancient and modern
nations.
By the laws of France all Frenchmen are pro-
nounced soldiers, and when the country is declared
in danger are subject to military duty. This has al-
ways been the basis of their military establishment,
but it was organized by a general law in 1798. It
was for framing and codifying this law that it was
said of Carnot that he had ''organized victory in
the French armies." It was indeed but a modifica-
tion of the military law of the Roman republic
which made every Roman citizen a soldier, and
required of him, at some period of his life, actual
military service. It was by the conscription law
that France was able to meet all Europe in arms.
Rut, sir, this law was careful in all its details.
It divided the male population of France between
the ages of eighteen and forty-five into classes
according to age and physical ability. These
were enrolled and registered on lists which desig-
nated the name, domicile, stature, &c., of all sub-
ject to conscription. Special commissioners ex-
amined into the merits of all pleas of exemption;
and officers of high character were required to
reexamine these lists to ascertain if injustice had
been done to any one claiming exemption. Tickets
regularly numbered to the amount of the names
on the list are publicly deposited in an urn, and
indiscriminately drawn out by the conscripts or
their friends. These are taken in their order, and
the number first drawn, who are not exempted
or physically unable, to the number apportioned
to the canton or municipality, are the conscripts
" of the active service." An equal number is
drawn to form what is termed " the reserve."
Still another portion is designated by lot who are
called supplemental, and are destined, if need be,
to fill up vacancies caused by death, desertion, or
other causes. In this way every Frenchman may,
by a fair mode of conscription, at the age when
military service can be rendered with least loss,
and with greatest benefit to his physical develop-
ment, be called upon to render military service.
The peculiar feature of these laws is in the care-
ful rules of exemption, discriminating with the
nicest care between those who can render mili-
tary service without sacrifice and those who have
dependentupon them parents, children, or others.
Thus, the young men are in the first list, and must
render service before those of maturer age, having
families, can be called on. For all diseases pro-
nounced curable the discharge is but temporary.
Discrimination is made between infirmities which
tend to disqualify and those which only impair
the ability of the conscript. The party released
pays an indemnity to the Government, the amount
of which is propoitioned by the prefect to his
taxes oi those of his parents.
Special exemptions are provided for, some of
which are only from " active service." The eld-
est hiother of an orphan family, the only son of
a widow, or of a laborer above the age of seventy,
or one who has a brother in the active service,
may, on soliciting the indulgence, be transferred
to the reserve. When substitutes are furnished,
the principal must equip the substitute, must take
care of his family, and, to some extent, is respons-
ible for his conduct. The substitute bears the
surname of the principal, in order that the latter
may be known and compelled to march should
his proxy desert or be lost from any other cause
than wounds or death. There are many such nice
