coN&KEssiemk GLOB®.
February &
l$*and£!it> of. the United States, as a- person- by
o# aid ood agency charged with a high office;
\v& can only maintain this country by maintain-
igg-and sustaining him. We can do no good by
abusing, him If he has faults, we do no good
hy arraigning-; him for- those faults or spreading
thee*, before the people. If any citizen is affected
i^hisucpnstitutional rights, that citizen ought to
a$pe&l fco "t|i$ courts. He has a right to - do so,
maI1,.for one, will never stand in the way- of the
humblest citizen in this country appealing to the
courtSt for redress against the President of the
Ignited States or any one in authority. That
is-his right. But, sir, we go far beyond that.
Every act thai is supposed to be wealc or hasty or
wrong, or even doubtful, is brought in here and
made th«'subject of passionatedeclamation against
the.President of the United States. Thus by our
controversies we are weakening the cause in
\$\ich> we are -engaged.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me .to propound a single interrogatory ?
Mir. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr- RICH ARDSON-. The present Congress
has,certainly, so far as they can, deprived the cit-
izens of the right of asserting in the courts of
justice claims for damages where they have beeu
improperly- arrested, and I apprehend that the
Senior from Ohio voted for that legislation.
Mr* SHERMAN. Congress may have passed
laws tlvat in the opinion of the Senator are not
valid or are very unjust; but if Congress has
passed,any such laws they must be submitted to
the-arbitrament of the judicial tribunals of this
country, and if they are void they are worth no
more than the waste paper upon which I write
my thesis; if they are valid, wp must submit to
them.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator will par-
don me for interrupting him. He made a declara-
tion which invited the inquiry from me. His dec-
laration was that he would not interpose his arm
so that the people of this country might not assert
their rights iu the courts of justice*, and 1 under-
stand the Senator now to say that if Congress
had passed an unconstitutional law the courts will
so hold it. That is not the point. If the Senator
voted for that bill, he has taken away from the
people who have been improperly arrested their
right to assert their claims in the courts of justice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not, Mr. President.
There is no such provision in the bill as the Sen-
ator alludes to; but, on the contrary, it regulates
the mode and manner of conducting suits of the
very kind the Senator alludes to. Not only that,
but the very law which has been made the subject
of so much complaint and declamation contains
a limitation of what is alleged to be the arbitrary
power of the President, so that under the provis-
ions of that law no man in a loyal State outside
of. our Army can be detained under any pretext
whatever more than thirty days without a judi-
cial hearing, and in the mean time, for any arrest
within the thirty days, the courts are open, and
that law- only provides that those causes shall be
tried in theeouits of the United States, and not in
local courts.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator is referring
to a very different law from the one to which 1 re-
ferred. He ^undoubtedly alluding to a law passed
at the last session of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. No. I allude to a bill which
was passed here the other day. 1 remember it
very, distinctly.
Mr, RICHARDSON. Did the Senate pass a
bill with the provisions to which the Senator al-
ludes ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. I will say to the
Senator that the indemnity bill of the House of
Representatives was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary of the Senate, and was amended so
that it amounts simply to this: that where any
actions for complaints of the kind alluded to are j
brought m any of the courts, they may, upon
proper proceedings being had, be transferred to
the courts of the United States, and there be tried;
and that very law limits the power to arrest, in all
cases, to thirty days, when there must be a judi-
cial examination. The very law complained of
contains a limitation and regulation of the author-
ity claimed bv the Executive.
Now, Mr. President, I do not believe the peo-
ple of this country have any cause to complain of
arbitrary power. I havenodoubt there have been
arrests-that areunjustifirable; but, as I said before,
the courts-are open.. In a civil war like this, there
must be cases of individual oppression. 1 ask the
Senator, if he was President of the United States,
and a man was actually conspiring for the over-
throw-of this-Government in a loyal State, was
actually engaged in undermining the foundations
of our Government, and he, as President of the
United States, was convinced upon written affi-
davits—for I am told that no arrest was made ex-
cept upon a written affidavit—that a person was
thus endeavoring to subvert the just authority of
the Government, and the ordinary proceedings of
the courts would not stay the act complained of,
I ask him whether he would not resort to an arrest,
even if it was not lecal ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, there can
be no difficulty between the Senator and me upon
that point. Wherever there is an affidavit of the
facts showing that a man is undermining the Gov-
ernment, he is guilty of treason, and the courts will
try and punish him. The Senator need have no
difficulty with m<*on that point. It is too clear.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are many cases of
that kind that do not amount to technical treason,
where the measure is used as a prevention. I
am not disputing with the honorable Senator as to
the right or wrong of this tiling. I do not wish
to go into that. Perhaps I may not be exactly
orthodox on that question; but when the Presi-
dent of the United States is satisfied that any man
is endeavoring to subvert this Government by un-
dermining its authority,by preventingthecxecu-
tion of its laws, the question I put to him is wheth-
er he would not use physical power to put that
man in a position where he would not be able for
a time at least to execute his treason?
Mr. RICHARDSON. ^ I reply to the Senator
at once, wherever a man is undermining the Gov-
ernment he is guilty of treason. There is no diffi-
culty about that.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose he is merely con-
spiring.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That ia aiding and abet-
ting the rebellion, and makes him guilty of treason.
There is no difficulty about it. The gentleman as
a lawyer certainly must see that.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 merely put the case to the
honorable Senator to show that there might be
cases even when so good a Democrat as he is, and
I believe he is now considered to be among the
best 
Mr. RICHARDSON. Tolerably fair.
Mr. SHERMAN. When so good a Democrat
as. he would exercise arbitrary power just as Gen-
eral Jackson did in times past.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes,"sir; inside of the
military lines i would exercise the same power he
did, and no more—certainly I would. Hut when
you go outside of the miluaiy lines, there the
courts and the civil law ought to be supreme.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can imagine cases of ne-
cessity outside of the lines, where a man is con-
spiring, and effectually conspiring, against the
Govei nmentin a peaceful and loyal neighborhood,
who is sap ping the very foundations of the Govern-
ment. I agree with the Senator in the mam that it is
better to let those men talk on. The great body of
the arrests that have been made for these causes
have been, in my humble judgment, unjustifiable,
foolish blunders, and I have so said here. It is
better to allow such men to be stigmatized by the
judgment of their fellow-citizens, when their of-
fenses fall below what is punished by the law.
But, sir, this very bill cures all these things.
The very bill that is now denounced is intended
to cure the very evils of which gentlemen com-
plain. What does this bill contain? It declares
certain offenses to be punishable according to law.
After the passage of this bill there will be no such
excuses for arbitrary arrests as have been made in
times past. 1 invoke the Senator from Illinois to
vote for this hill on the very ground that it will
lemove all claim or pretense to arbitrary impris-
onment. This bill punishes, as criminal offenses,
the very offenses for which men have been ar-
rested in this country, justly or unjustly ■, and un-
der the provisions of this bill, when it has passed
into a law, it will then be the duty of the Presi-
dent of the United States and the executive officers
to see that these men arc punished according to
law.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator will par-
don me. I agree with him that if you pass.this
bill the President of the United Statec will have
the potfer, the absolute power, to arrest any man-
between eighteen and forty-five years of age in
the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. What for? «For what has*
he a light to arrest? Not for offenses, but he has«
a right to select in the mode pointed out by law
persons owing military duty to serve in the Army-
of the United States. And I ask the Senator the-
same question that I put to the Senator from Vir-
ginia: when the war arrives at that condition
when you cannot get volunteers, is he willing to
abandon the war? How does he propose to get
soldiers? Where is his proposition of amend-
ment? How does he propose to get soldiers to
carry on this war when volunteering cannot be
carried any further?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Does the Senator want
an answer now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will tell the Senator
very briefly and at once. I think you ought to
bring all the States up, and make them furnish
their quota before you draw upon Illinois, that has
eleven thousand men more than her quota to-day
in the field.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agree to that.
Mr. RICHARDSON. You have no limitation
in this bill that you ask me to vote for, saying
that those States shall come up to their quota; the
President is not bound to do it*, he may d*aw on
our people at once.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can answer that to the sat-
isfaction of the honorable Senator. Under the
present law the States are bound to furnish their
quota. They have not done it. How are you
to make them do it? This bill makes them doit,
or rather goes behind the State governments and
enables the President directly to enforce obedience
to his calls for tioops. it is true, the honorable
Senator and 1 may dispute as to the constitutional
power of raising armies except through State or-
ganizations; but 1 fiiw] in the Constitution that I
swore to support and maintain, this plain princi-
ple: Congress may raise armies; it may call the
militia into the service of the United States; and
when so called, it is to be governed by the laws of
the United States. There is no limitation to the
power to raise armies. They can be raised by
volunteering, by conscription, by any of those
modes that were recognized among nations, at the
time the Constitution was formed, as a proper
mode of raising armies. The Senator will find it
difficult to answer the question which I again put
to him: suppose the people will not volunteer;
suppose the States neglect to comply with the
requisitions made upon them as heretofore, what
then will you do? Give it up?
Mr. RICHARDSON, No,sir. WiththeSen-
ator's permission, I will tell him that in my coun-
try whenever the Union flag is up, we fijjht for
the Constitution. Theie is no danger or difficulty
about getting men for that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am glad to hear that; be-
cause that flag is now up, that Constitution is now.
in danger, and yet enough do not volunteer to an-
swer the purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. We have volunteered
in our State.
Mr. SHERMAN. In Ohio we have volun-
teered. The Senator seems to complain that some-
States have not complied with the requisitions on
them. How will you make them do it, especially
undui the prevalence of the State rights'doctrine
we hear again here? You cannot do it. You can-
not put the State of Connecticut under execution
or an est her and compel her to furnish her men
if she has not done so, although I have no doubt
she has; and I name that State only for illustra-
tion.
Mr. FOSTER. She has done so.
Mr. SHERMAN. The State of Connecticut
it seems has furnished her quota, but the Senator
from Illinois complains that some of the States
have not done it. If so, what States? How will
you enforce, the law a^amst the States? You can-
not do it except by going back of the States to the
people.
Now, sir, I believe this is a national Govern-
ment with ample power to enforce all the pro-
visions of the Constitution; and when a State
neglects to comply with the requisition, tlnm we.
have the power to raise armies without limitation.
OrdinaliLy-it would be.better to raise armies by
