THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1863.
New Series No. 47.
means of the State governments, and at the be-
ginning of tliis war it was found to be an easy way
and the best way. Ordinarily I would prefer to
do it through the State organizations; but when
the State organizations do not yield us enough
men, and volunteering no longer can go on, when
the number of laborers in the country has been
reduced by the withdrawal of so many men into
the Army, and itbecomes necessary to raise more
troops, there is no way left except by a conscrip-
tion law; and I am glad to find that the Senator
from Illinois, the Senator from Virginia, and my-
self agree that when that time comes we will not
give it up, but will fight on. I am glad to find
that a gentleman who belonged to the American
party, and a Democrat, and a black Republican,
all agree upon this important principle, that when
volunteering is exhausted, when the States do not
respond, then lie will appeal to the law of physical
force, and fight on until the flag of ouv country
floats in peace over every portion of our once
happy Union.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I did not in-
terrupt the Senator from Ohio; but on this sub-
ject of conscription I have not expressed myself
as he seems to think. On the question of giving
Up this contest I agree with him; the people of
this country never will give uptheir Government;
but I desire to call the attention of the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] to the author-
ity which he presumed he found decided in tho
case of Houston vs. Monro. If the Senator will
turn a little further to the history of that case he
will find that what he read as the opinion of the
court is the mere dictum of Mr. Justice Washing-
ton, who delivered the opinion of the court, and
was not concurred in b}T any of the other judges so
far as the case shows. On the contrary, Mr. Jus-
tice Washington says:
" The other judges aie of opinion that the judgment
ought to be afihmed —
That is, the judgment of the court below—
''but they do not concut in all icspect^ in the reasons
winch influence my opinion."
Mr. Justice Johnson delivered a separate opinion
on that occasion, to which I desire to call the at-
tention of the honorable Senator from Ohio, who
seems to be under the impression that in opposi-
tion to the action of the States and without State
concurrence in your action of conscription, you
can still enforce it. If Mr. Justice Johnson be
authority, the Senator is mistaken in that as a
question of constitutional law. In the very same
case, Mr. Justice Johnson said:
They [Congress] may command orrequest; and in the
cape before u&, they obviously confined themselves to the
latter mode. Indeed,, extensive as then power ovei the
militia is, the United States are obviously inremled to tuj
made in some measure dependent upon the States foi the
aid of this species ot force. Fot, if the States will not of-
ficer or tiain then men, there is no power given to Congicss
to supply the deficiency."
In the conclusion of his opinion, goins: on to
show still that what the Senator from Wisconsin
thought was the opinion of the court, was noth-
ing but the dictum of Mr. Justice Washington, I
Mr. Justice Johnson said: |
In this tt will be ol^pived that there is no point !
whatever decided, except thai the finn ua<- constitution- I
ally imposed upon' the plainMf in enor. Tne course of !
reasoning by winch the judges have reached tin-' conclusion j
i* various, coineiilinsr in but one tlnna, namiiv. that there 1
is no eiror in thp judgment of the fcSt&te court ot' L'enn^ 1- s
vanui.'1 !
in the opinion as rendered by Justice Story, j
the weight of aulhoiity is decidedly with him so |
far us this ease is concerned, as is stated by him '
in his Commentaries from which I read, for Jus- i
tice Story expressly tells us that in his views he ;
has the concurrence of one of his brethren, and i
not one of .them concurred with Justice Wash- .
ington in the opinion referred to by the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. SHERMAN. I may simply answer that,
taking all that Justice Story said as hue, it does
not affect the question. Justice Story simply
says that until the soldier is in the service of the
United States he is not subject to military law.
Now, when is he in the service? Whenever the
47
law says he is; and the judges in that very case
decided thot Congress may fix his conscription as
the date of his service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Virginia to strike
out the fourth section, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. CLARK. Before the vote is taken, I do-
sire to say in behalf of my colleague [Mr. Hale]
that he is confined to his room by sickness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 28 ; asf ollows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Caiiile, Cowan, Henderson,
Kennedy, Latham, McDougalL Powell, Ilice, Itichaidson,
Tnrpie, Wall, and WiKon of Mi>.s>oiui—J3.
XA Yrf—Anthonv, Arnold, Claik, Collamer, 0a-
vi^, Dixon, Doohttle, i-Vs-enden, Foot, Poster, Giimes,
Ilailan. IJairts, Uiek<, liowaul, Jlowe, King, Lane ot In-
diana, Lane oi'Kam-a^, Pomcroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
EyeU, Ttumbull, Wade. Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson
ol Ma>-acluiscttb—28.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. DAVIS. In section two, after the words
" able-bodied " in line five, I move to insert the
word i( white:" so as to read, " the enrollment of
the militin shall in all cases include all able-bodied
white male citizens between the ages of eighteen
and foi tv-iive."
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to recommit
the bill and the pending amendments to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, with a view to incor-
porate certain exemptions which will render the
law equally effective and more acceptable to the
people.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that motion will pre-
vail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ison
the motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to the recommitment of the bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs foi the object in-
dicated. I will say, however, that I have devoted
much consideration to the classification which
has been spoken of. I am aware that it is m the
French system, in the Prussian system, and in
the systems of the other nations of Europe; but
it never had been adopted here, and 1 have had
great doubts whether it would be satisfactory to
our people. In those countries of Europe it must
be remembered that conscripts serve for many
years in their regular armies, that they serve for
very small wages indeed—in the French service
about fourteen cents a week. In our service, the
militia serve for a shot ter period, for special occa-
sions, arid they have a large compensation, includ-
mg pay and clothing, certainly a large one; they
have all the benefits of our system m regard to
pensions; and we have a habit also—it is a habit
with us—to call out our men without these dis-
tinctions and classes; but if, at this tim°, the Sen-
ate believe we had better make these exemptions
nud these distinctions, I certainly have no objec-
tion. I feared to bring in the change because it
seemed to me to he a departure from our past his-
tory and course, and to be assimilating our system
to the French and Prussian conscription system,
and I apprehended that it might be the cause of
complaint and clamor m the country. However,
if it be the opinion of the Senate that the bill ought
to be recommitted for that purpose, I am ready to
enter upon n.
Mr, HOWARD. It will not follow because the
Senate may see fu to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Miliary A (fairs that we are to adopt
any of the principles embodied m the French or
the Prussian laws, or any other foreign law. I
think the bill ou^ht to contain some simple pro-
visions on the subject of exempts, which aie not
now embodied in any law. I think it would be
very well for Congiess to enact, so far as we can
conveniently, piovisions in detail in leference to
exempts. As this bill now reads such persons
are to he exempt from the enrollment as may he
exempt tin. re from by the existing laws of the Uni-
ted vStates. There is a law of the United States
now in force, I believe, which places among ex-
empts " all manners actually employed in the sea
service of any citizen or merchant within the Uni-
ted States, and all persons who now are or may
hereafter be exempt by the laws of the respective
States." I am not in favor of the continuance of
this provision for another day; fori do not wish
to see presented to us a possible state of things
that may grow out of it. Suppose that some one
of tho States, where the doctrine has been taught
or shall be taught that this is not a Democratic
war, that Democrats have nothing to do with it,
and ought not to be called upon to participate in  
it—a declaration that is made almost every day in
the Democratic prints of the country—should see
fit to enact a State law exempting all persons be-
longing to the Democratic party from enrollment
and from military service. They might do it under
this statute; they might, indeed, go so far as to
declare that every person should be exempt from
the military service of the United States. Do our
friends on the opposite side of the Chamber in-
dulge the hope that this state of things may exist
in any of the States ? Do they intend it, sir ? Do
they intend by their opposition, by their argu-
ments here, to instruct the people that this is not
a national war, but only a partisan war? Do they
intend to indoctrinate them with the idea that they
are under no moral or legal obligation to serve in
the Army? One would suppose so from the na-
ture and drift of their arguments here, when they
tell us that we are prosecuting the war not only
against the Constitution, but for the purpose of
subverting the Constitution.
And I beg to say that this sort of argumenta-
tion and of indoctrination is not confined to this
Senate merely, nor to the stump politicians; it is
extending itself to the Army itself. It is infect-
ing the very vitality of the Aimy, and more than
one, nay, sir, scores of the officers who are now
engaged in the service with epaulets upon their
shoulders, and who have sworn to defend the
Constitution wiih their swords, are to-day teach-
ing this most mischievous and pernicious doc-
trine to their staffs and to the very privates whom
they command. I call the attention of the Sen-
ators who are so clamorous, to weigh well the
effects which those arguments are going to pro-
duce upon the Democratic party. Do they in-
tend to vitiate that party? Do they intend to in-
fect it with the spirit of insubordination and of
resistance to the Government itself? Do they
intend to teach the privates who arc going into
the Army from their States that this is an "un-
constitutional war," that it is unpatriotic to par-
ticipate in it, and that it is the duty of patriotism,
the duty of a good citizen to refrain from up-
holding the Government of the country, and to
give the rebels full sway? Do they intend this,
sir? I desire to have an answer. For one I
am in for this war at whatever cost of blood or
treasure now and hereafter, if it shall endure for
fifty years before we shall succeed ill subjecting
this rebellion and restoring the authority of the
United States. I am willing to go as far as the
furthest; I am willing to say here, and I do say
here, that so far as depends upon me and mine,
there is no limit to which and beyond which I will
not go, in danger, in expense, or other incon-
venience, for the puipose «f subduing this rebel-
lion, and restoring the authority of the Govern-
ment. But, sir, w§ can never do this, at least we
cannot do it speedily, unless we have the full and
cordial cooperation of that ancient party known
as the Democratic party; and I say here, sir, that
I know of no cause existing, or that may exist,
that has done or may do so much by way of re-
taulmg and embarrassing the progress of this
war as the opposition of the leaders of the Dem-
ocratic party, and their apparent disposition to
instill into the he.uts of their followers the idea
that the war is unconstitutional and unpatriotic.
Sir, away with all this.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President,! do not
well undoi stand the Senator from Michigan when
he says that in the view of the leaders of the
Democratic party this war is unconstitutional and
unpatriotic. I do not well understand the Senator
from Michigan when he speaks of the opposi-
tion of the Democratic party to this war. 1 en-.
