738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
0 ^ i rn no controversy with him now about par-
ties, Democratic or Republican, as they are called.
Sir, I am called a- Democrat, and I undertake to
say that no man in this Senate has lent a more
willing voice or a more willing vote to the main-
tenance of this war than myself. I have not, since
I.took my place in the Senate, spoken of parties;
1 have not, to the same extent (hat 1 have ex-
pressed it now, even affirmed myself a Democrat.
.1 have sought to avoid all party controversy. I
have sought to unite as one man all those who
believed that it was the office of the Republic to
maintain its integrity. Accusations such as come
from the Senator from Michigan, and which 1
think he has himself not well considered, I regard
as unfortunate. I engage in no debate with him
now; but I say that the Democracy of the loyal
States have been and are for the prompt, efficient,
and persistent maintenance of our armies in the
•field, and the establishment, in the most prompt
time, ofareunited Republic, includingall its States
and Territories.
I do not know what the Senator means by
"leaders of the Democratic party." The very
idea of Democracy is that every individual citizen
is a sovereign by himself and expresses his own
opinions; and a man, to be a true Democrat in
the councils of the nation, must represent his full
conviction, and each stands by himself; and the
laws that have bound up parties and made lines
are against the true laws of Democratic rule.
I did not propose to engage in this controversy,
and will not now; but I will say this: my friend
from Ohio has been among the first who challenged
party controversy in this Hall and party contro-
versy during our business pending this war.
Against all these things I have protested. I have
desired to make myself a unit with all the forces
that would maintain the integrity of the Republic:
and I trust that those who believe that it is a high
duty we owe to ourselves in this age, a high duty
that we owe to posterity, a high duty that we owe
to the nations of the world,a high duty that we
owe to the ages to come, that we should maintain
the great American Republic intact and pure, suf-
ficient not only to maintain herself, but to hold in
check all the anarchs and monarchy of the world,
will stand as one in this day of our peril. The
Democracy of the nation concur with the expres-
sion of opinion that I give here; and it shall not
be said tnat any section, whether it be what is
called the Administration in power or any part
of that Administration, have a higher right to as-
sert the same doctrine than have what was in for-
mer times denominated the Old Democracy.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. Mr. President, I regmd
this bill as the most important bill now pending
before Congress, and I join very cordially in fa-
voring its recommittal to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, for I desire that it shall be so framed
as to give the fullest poweis to this Government
to fill its armies, and at the same time that the
provisions of the bill shall be such as to be most
acceptable to the people of the several States. I
beg to make a suggestion to my honorable fncnd
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs both in relation to the second and the fourth
sections.
It seems to me, to say nothing about the ques-
tion of constitutional power—for 1 concede it—
that the second section gives in too general lan-
guage to the Executive, as the chief of the war
power of the country, the authority to make all
the rules and regulations in relation to the enroll-
ment and drafting of the militia, and the executing
of this law; the practical effect of which, I fear,
will be that it will be done by military orders issu-
ing from the War Depai tment. If it were done by
provisions of law enacted by Congress, our people
would at once acquiesce and say, u this is the law
of Congress; our representatives have enacted it;
we had a voice in the making of this law; it is
right; the law must be sustained." But if you make
a general provision by which all this is to be done
•by a mere military order, the question is at once
raised whether Congress has not surrendered all
its power, given it all away to the Executive, and
allowed him, as a military dictator,to assume all
power to enroll, di aft, and consci int men at his own
pleasure. Therefore, while [ agree that the power
is in the Government of the United States to con-
script every man, old or yoifng, for the defense of
the Government; that it can take all theable-bodied
power of the country, if necessary, to sustain the
Government, I still would desire to have it done
in the form of enactments by Congress. It may
take time; it may impose labor upon a committee
which perhaps labors as severely if not more se-
verely than any other committee; and yet I beg to
say to my honorable friend from Massachusetts
that this being in my judgment the most import**
ant bill now pending before Congress, the Commit-
tee and the Senate had better give their labor to it
for three, four, or five days, or a whole week if
necessary, in order to perfect the provisions of the
So in relation to the fourth section I have no
doubt that under the Constitution we may subject
every able-bodied man to military service under
our power to raise armies. Under our power to
organize and to enroll the militia, we can subject
them all. They may be made subject from the
time, if you please, of the enrollment. At the same
time there are two modes, in my opinion, (and I
throw out this suggestion,) by which the same
result may be arrived at practically. We may, by
the law of Congress, provide that the person who
shall be drafted shall, from the moment that he
is drafted, be in the service of the United States,
subject to the law of the United States; or we may
provide this, which, in my judgment, might be
equally effective, that on his being drafted if he
fails to appear at the time of rendezvous, he may
be tried by a court-martial to be appointed by the
President of the United States under any law you
choose to pass on this subject, and that court-
martial may subject him to line and to imprison-
ment. for not coming. You can provide that this
court-martial, orsomc kind of tiibunal,may hear
his excuses for not coming and give him a chance,
which perhaps as a practical measure would be
the wisest measure to make the act acceptable to
the people of the United States.
Mr. President, I have said, and 1 do say, that
this is the most important bill there is before Con-
gress. It is all-important. There is no way by
which you can put down this rebellion in any
other mode than by force of arms. No form of
woids will put it down. You cannot reason it
down. You cannot argue it down. You cannot
conciliate it down. There is no way but to fight
it down by all the power of this Government, and
it is our duty to fight it down, to crush it, and
nothing will answer but bayonets and cold steel,
and you must have the men to use them. This
bill is a necessity to bring those men into your
armies.
Besides, Mr. President, in relation to those men
who shall be drafted into the service of the United
States, I beg to make another suggestion to my
honorable friend at the head of the Military Com-
mittee. It is this: to those men who shall be
drafted, I would offer a considerable bounty if,
after being drafted, they would enlist into the old
regiments. Indeed, if I had the power, I should
much prefer to take the drafted men and fill up
the old regiments with them, without any con-
solidation of those regiments. If there is any way
by which it could be done, I would bring the
drafted men and put them into the field m the
ranks of the old regiments, and have no more regi-
ments of officers to be appointed by either the
Federal Government or by the States/ I would in
this way put the conscripts in the field, side by
side with soldiers who have been through half a
dozen battles, under experienced officers, and then
the private called to-day into the service will to-
morrow be almost a veteran.
But, Mr. President, 1 am betrayed into saying
much more than i intended. I simply say now,
that in joining m this motion to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs, I do so with
the greatest degree of respect toward that com-
mittee. I know how they have been pressed and
overborne with labor, and I do not desire to put
additional labors on them; but this bill, in my
judgment the most important bill to our success
m putting down this rebellion, deserves the most
careful attention at the hands of the committee,
and I hope that, just so far as is possible, all these
provisions may be put in the form of legal enact-
ments, for the whole countiy will then acquiesce.
Let us not provoke resistance anywhere; because
if resistance begins, and it comes to actual forcible
collision, we do not know what the consequences
may be.
Mr. President, allow me to say another^vord,
and then I am done. I regret always, and shall
always regret while this war is on our hands, to
hear the question discussed in a party sense. Sir,
there have been periods during the history of this
rebellion when there was no party in this country,
when we stood as one man shoulder to shoulder
with one sentiment. Previous to the firing upon
Fort Sumter in 1861, we were divided into par-
ties; we were wrangling with each other as parti-
sans; but the first shot that was fired at the flag
over Fort Sumter made this whole people one.
They rose as one man everywhere, Democrats and
Republicans all over the country, and they rushed
to the standard of the nation to defend the flag
which had been insulted by the men in arms
against it. Sir, time passed on; there appeared
to be not much going on in the prosecution of the
war, and men began once more to be divided and
to array themselves in parties against each other;
but when the fatal battle was fought upon the field
of Bull Run and the flag of the United States was
dishonored by defeat there, the whole people were
one again, and they rushed to arms as one man,
Democrats and Republicans. A common defeat
made them forget all their partisanship and mere
partisan interests, and brought them together,
and they rushed again to defend the fiasr of the
Union.
Mr. President, I believe now that, no matter
what a few party leaders may do, the great mass
of the people in every State, of the loyal States
at least, I will say, the great mass of the people of
Pennsylvania, New York, Illinois, Indiana, and
Ohio, I care not by what name you call them,
whenever the real issue is presented, will be true
and loyal to the flag and to the Union; and, sir,
what is that issue ? There have been attempts
made, sometimes through the public press, some-
times by interested persons and political leaders,
to beguile the people and draw th<^r attention from
the real issue; but that real issue is simply this:
whether this Government is to live or to die,
whether we are to maintain the flag of the Union
and maintain the Constitution over this Republic,
or whether we shall fail to maintain it; and our
failure, Mr. President, is the establishment of a
military despotism, headed by the southern con-
federacy, upon its ruins.
I am neither a prophet nor the son of a prophet;
but if through defeat or disaster; if because the
people of the northern States shall fail to sustain
this Government, we fail in maintaining our ju-
risdiction over the entire valley of the Mississippi,
and over the whole southern States; if by force
of arms and the eventualities of this war the south-
ern confederacy shall have won and established
an independent existence as a nation among the
Powers of the earth, it needs not a prophet's eye to
see what the inevitable consequences will be that
must follow. The moment they are established
as a military power, they will appeal to every one
of the border States to join them. Who doubts
what they will do? And when all the border
slaves States shall have united with them, they
will make their appeal to Pennsylvania, saying to'
Pennsylvania, " join your destiny with us, and
you shall have a monopoly of all the manufac-
turing of this great confederacy." Sir-, under the
lead of such Democracy as that of James Buch-
anan, who doubts what Pennsylvania will do if
he and Hughes and that class of men can con-
trol the action of that State ? When Pennsylvania
shall have been led in that way and under the in-
fluence of such counsels, where, then, will stand
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, and, in-
deed, all the great Noith west? Sir, the same ap-
peal will be made to them—" unite your destinies
with us; you shall have the free navigation of the
Mississippi; you shall have free trade with all the
world, and we will leave New England out;" and,
sir, under the lead of a portion of the Democracy
of Indiana, and a portion of the Democracy of
Illinois, (but not, I believe, a majority of the De-
mocracy of Illinois,) there will be a tremendous
effort made to compel those States to unite with
the southern confederacy.
It is in this way that the attempt h'as been from
the beginning. It was the original conspiracy to
which, in my opinion, James Buchanan was a
party, that the Union should be reconstructed on
precisely this programme: first, the cotton States
declare their independence; then appeal to the
border States to join them; then appeal to Penn-
sylvania to join them; and then to the Democracy
of the Northwest to join them $lso; and it was
