7^0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
they could report has expired, and this joint res-
olution is for the purpose of extending the time.
I hope, therefore, the Senator will not propose to
make any change in it, but will allow it to pass,
and afterwards bring up his measure as a separate
matter. This resolution is only to extend a law
passed last year providing for the appointment of
three commissioners, and requiring them to report
in so many days. This resolution gives them six
months. They have not yet been appointed.
Mr.DAVJS. I withdrawmyamendment. My
colleague has an amendment drawn up more in
detail.
Mr. POWELL. I offer this amendment as an
additional section:
Jlnd be it further resolved, That the provisions of an act
entitled "Allact to secure to the officers and men actually
employed in the Western department, or department of
Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pension," approved March
25,186'2, arc hereby extended and made applicable to the
officers and men inlike manner employed in any ©the? mil-
itary department of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
adopted. It just extends the provisions of the
original bill to Kentucky, and does not extend
the provisions of the joint resolution to which this
resolution refers, and which was a restriction
upon it.
Mr, POWELL. I am willing to amend the
amendment, so as to extend the joint resolution
also.
Mr. HENDERSON. I regret very much that
the Senator from Kentucky has seen lit to offer
an amendment to this resolution. At the lust ses-
sion of Congress a joint resolution was passed bv
the two Houses, making provision for some men
who weie engaged in my State in actual service
for along period of time under the administration
of General Fremont and others. Under the con-
struction of the War Department lecently, it is
necessary now for us to revive that act, as 1 un-
derstand. i really do not think that it is essential
that that revival should be had; but such a decis-
ion as I understand has been made by the Wat-
Department, and this is for the mere purpose of
reviving an act that was fully settled at the last
session of Congress,and I sincerely hope that the
Senator will withdraw the amendment. If there
be any virtue whatever in* the amendment offered,
if he will introduce it as a separate proposition 1
can assure him I shall be ready to consider it, but
1 hope this resolution will not be incumbered by
any new measure looking to the payment of any
other troops. This question lias been considered
and fully settled by the Military Committees of
botii Houses, and I do not desire that it shall be
incumbered with anything else.
Mr. POWELL. I can see no reason why the
troops of the State of Missouii should be placed
on a different footing from those of Kentucky.
All 1 ask is that the same provisions of law that
are extended to them shall be extended to the
troops of Kentucky and other States. There is
certainly no valid reason why Missouri should
be made an exception, and her troops treated in a
different manner from the troops of other States.
There is no valid reason why Kentucky troops, or
the troops of any other State, should be treated
differently from the troops of Missouri. I hope
the amendment will be adopted. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Three member's rising to second the call, the
Vice President decided that the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those who are m
favor of the amendment will rise 
Mr. DAVIS. The Chair misunderstood me.
I called for a division on the question of ordering
the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Less than seven
members cannot order the yeas and nays. One
fifth of a quorum is the smallest number that
can order them, and but three Senators rose to
second die call.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to test whether them m
a quorum present or not. Less than a quorum
cannot transact business, as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is an unusual
proceeding in the Senate. No division upon the
question of ordering the yeas and nays is ever
asked,
Mr. DAVIS. I a^k, then, for a division on the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
dividing the Senate on that question.
Mr. DAVIS. That amounts to the same thing.
Upon a division there were—ayes 2, noes-30;
not a quorum voting.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope not. I think there is
a quorum present.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for a division on the
question of adjourning, so as to know whether
there is a quorum present.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 10, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays.
That will test it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 26; as follows*
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, D.ivi®, Harris, Hicks, Powell}
Richardson, Saulsbury, Tiumbull, and Wilkinson—9.
NAYS—Mcsm-s. Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dooiittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Ilarlan, Hen-
derson, Howard, Howe, I£in;r, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sheitnan, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Wade, Wall, Willcy, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wil-
son of Missouri—2G.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The question being put, five Senators voted in
the affirmative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is a further count
demanded ?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir. I doubt whether
there is a quorum here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. It is the only way we shall get a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2, nays 30; as follows:
YUAS—Mc-srs. Pavi^ and Powell—2.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Chandler, Clailc, Cowan, Don-
little. Pessenden, Foot, Foster, Gi lines, Ilarlan. Harris,
Henderson, Ihck^, Howard. Howe, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kans<i>, Mou ill, Pomeioy, She!man, Sumner, Ten
Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wall, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilson
ot Massachusetts, and Wilson of Mu>souti—30.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It appears that
there is not a quorum present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn, it is manifest that we can do
no business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 5,18G3.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas IT. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was icadandappiuved.
ELECTION IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. 1 hold in my hand an affidavit touching
the election of Hon. John B. Rogers, elected a
Representative from the Slate of Tenness<*\ I
move that it be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, submitting additional esti-
mates for the Indian service in the northern dis-
trict of California; which was leferred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House ;i
communication fiom the Secretary of the Interior
in relation to the sale of certain Indian reserva-
tions in California, and the'establishment of others
in said State; which was referred to ihc Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
annual repoit of the Commissioner of Patents,
(mechanical portion;) which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK RAILROAD.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the select committee
on that subject, a bill to provide for the construc-
tion of a national military and postal railway from
the city of Washington to the city of New York,
that it may be ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted to the committee.
Mr. LEHMAN. I objcct.
Mr. FENTON. I only ask to have the bill
printed and recommitted.
Mr. LEHMAN. I object.
COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE APPOINTED.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Morrill,
of Vermont, Stratton, and Biddle managers on
the part ®f the House of the conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill.
MESSAGE FROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed an
act (H. ft. No. 649) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1864; and
an act (II. R. No. 561) in relation to commis-
sioned officers of the Uniied States revenue cutter
service.
POST ROADS.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on tha
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to es-
tablish certain post roads; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. COLFAX. There is no disputed subject
whatever 111 this bill—no new legislation. Item-
biaces thirty-seven new routes in various portions
of the £>iatcs and Territories. I ask that it be put
upon its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there nothing in it but the
establishment of new routes?
Mr. COLFAX. Nothing; and there are no dis-
puted routes.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there no appropriation in
the bill?  
Mr. COLFAX. None whatever.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the Senate amendments
to the act (H. R. No. 635) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1864, and asked that they be acted on at this time.
The amendments ware taken up and disposed
of as indicated below.
First amendment:
Strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That, until further legislation, no part of this
appi epilation shall be paid for mileage of Senator? and Rep-
le^'Utativos beyond the sum of ten cents permile each way,
and the distance thall be computed aeeoidmg to existing
jaws.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second and third amendments:
Stukc out the woid#" $15,500,*' and insert in lien there-
of tne woids u.§39,000;" so that the if em will rend:
For cleiks> to conmnttee-s, paged, hoises and carryalls,
.539.1100
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendments were concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Stuko out the word thhty," and insert in lien thereof
the woid c: uventvso that the item will read:
For miscellaneous items, $20,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
In^eit the woids "clerk to the Committee on Public
Lands, $1,800."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
, The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Lif-err the following proviso:
Piovuied, That all lithographing and engraving, where the
probable co?t exceeds .$250, shall he awarded to the lowest
and best bidder for the interest of the Government, after due
advertisement by the Superintendent of Pubic Printing.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
