88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[February 2,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Origin and Objects of the War—Mr. Wickliffe.
Ho. of Keps.
Mr. Speaker, I have, I think, satisfactorily es-
tablished the facts which caused the war. It is
just to recognize and observe the obvious distinc-
tion between the facts which caused the war from
the fact who commenced it.
1 now propose to show the purposes and ob-
jects of the war on the part of the United States,
t>y thepioclamationand the messages of the Pres-
ident, by his solemn declarations, made not only
to the people of the United States, but to the
Christian Powers of the world. In doing this, 1
will demonstrate. He never dreamed slavery was
the cause of this civil war. He failed to intimate
his intention to subjugate the States in rebellion,
to abrogate their constitutions and laws, or to de-
stroy then-domestic institutions. He ignored his
power, and that of the United States, to interfere
with the institution of slavery as it existed in the
States. 1 read from the inaugural address of Mr.
Lincoln, of the 4th of March, 1861:
" Apprehension seems to exist among the people of the
southern States that by tin: accession ot a Republican -Ad-
ministration then property and their peace and personal
security are to be endangered. There has never been any
reasonable cause for such appiehension. indeed, the mo*t
amply evidence to the contraiy has all the whilo exit-ted and
been open to their inspection. It is found in nearly all the
. published speeches of hini who addresses yon. 1 do but
quote Item one of tho^e specche^, when I declare that{ I
have no puipose duectly or indirectly to interfere with the
Institution oi slavery In the States vvheie it exists. 1 be-
lieve Ih.iveno lawful nghtto do so, and I have no in-
clination to do so.* Those who nominated and elected me
did so with full knowledge that I had made this and many
similar declarations, ami had never recanted them. And,
more than thin, they placed hi the platloim for my accept-
ance, and as a law to themselves and to me, the clear and
omphalic resolution which I now ioad:
* Rewired, That the maintenance inviolate oi the rights
of the State's, and especially the right of each Stale to oidcr
and control its own dome>tic institutions aecoidiug to its
own judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance ot
power on which the perfection and enduiaiiet! of our po-
litical fabric depend, and we denounce the lawless invasion
by armed force ol the j-oil of any State or Ten itory, no mat-
te i under what pretext, a* among the giavestol ei lines.'"
After the war had commenced, that the Govern-
ments of Europe might understand the purposes
and objectsofiheGovernment ofthe United States,
bo directed his Secretary of State to address his
ministers at tin; various Courts of Europe a cir-
cular letter that should inform these Governments
of the purposes and objects of this war, from
which i read:
u I need not fuither elaborate the pioposltion that the rev-
olution if- without a cause ; it has not even a ptetext It is
just as clem th.it it is without an object. Mouil and phys-
ical causes have determined inflexibly the character ol each
one of the Territories ovei which the dispute has arisen,
and both parties, after the election, haimoniously .lgieed on
all the Federal laws tequncd tor then oigamz.uion. The
Territories will remain in all icspucts the same, whether
the revolution .shall succeed or shall tail. The condition of
slavery in the several States will remain ju^t the mine,
whether it succeed or fail. There is noteven a pietext foi
the complaint that the disaffected States are to be eon-
queicd by the United States if the revolution hul; foi the
rights ol the States, and the condition of eveiy human be-
ing m them, will remain Mih|ect to exactly the same laws
and ioims of nduiinlsttation, whetbet the levolution shall
Kiiceeed or fail fn the one case f ho States would be fed-
erally connected with the new Confederacy; in the other,
they would, as now, he^nembers of the United States; but
their constitutions and faws, customs, habit.-, and institu-
tions, hi either ca-e, will leniain the same.
4-Il is hardlvueeessaiy to add to this incontestable state-
ment the timber fact that the new Piesident, as well as the
citizens ilnouirh whose suffrage* he has come into the ad-
ministration, has alwa> •  repudiated all designs, whatever
and whenever imputed to htm and them, of di-tnibmg the
ay- tem of slaveiy as it exist* under the Constitution and
Jaws. The ease now would not be fullv piesented if f were
to omit lo say that any such etioi t on bin pait would be un-
constitutional, and all his actions in that direction would
be prevented by the pioper antiionty, even though they
were assented to by Congress and the people.'3
Equally as explicit were the proclamations and
general orders of General Halieek and General
McClellan. I might give the name of another
general, but public condemnation follows him,
and ho is known by an imputed foreign name. I
will not quofo hiin <ts authoilty. General Mc-
Clellan, svhen he assumed the command in Vir-
ginia, issued to the people of that State a procla-
mation. In it he wrote the following emphatic
words:
" Notwithstanding all th.it has been said by the traitors
to induce j ou to believe that our advent among you will be
signalized by interfering with >out slaves, understand one
thing clearly: not only will we abstain fioni all such inter-
ference, but we wilJ, on the contrary> with an iron hand,
crush any attempt at insurrection on their part."
Let us turn our attention to the action of the
legislative department of the Government on this
subject. Mr. Palmer, of New York, on the 11th
of February, 1861, moved the following resolu-
tions;
"Resolved, That neither the Federal Government, nor
the governments of the non-«davehoJding States, have a pur-
pose or constitutional right to legislate upon or intertere
with slavery in any of the States of the Union.
'•Resolved, That those persona in the North who do not
subscribe to the foregoing proposition are too insignificant
in numbers and influence to excite the. serious attention or
alarm of any poi tton of the people of the Republic, and Thai
the increase of their nmnbeis and influence does not keep
pace vvitii the increase of tiie aggregate population of the
Union."
Even the member from Illinois [Mr.LovEjoi]
voted for these resolutions.
ThePiesident in his message to Congress, July,
1861, seems anxious to impress upon the public
mind, in still stronger terms, the purposes and
objects of the war. He apprehended there might
be some uneasiness upon the subject, North and
South, and to quiet it he uses the following lan-
guage:
''Lest there be some uneasiness in the minds of candid
men as to what is to be the course of the Government to-
watd.s the southern States alter the rebellion shall have
been suppiessed, the Executive deems it proper to say, it
will be his purpose then, as ever, to be guided by the Con-
stitution and the laws; and that he prob.ibly will have no
diffeient understanding of the powers ami duties of the
Federal Government relatively to the rights ot the States
and the people, under the Constitution, than that expressed
m the maugiu.il nddiuss.
" lie desiies to preserve the Government, that it may be
administered for ail, as it was administeied by the men who
made it. Loyal citizens everywhere have the right to claim
tins of th«n Government; ami the Government has no  igbt
to withhold ov neglect it. It is not perceived that, m giving
it, there is any coeieion, any conquest, or any subjugation,
in any ju t sense ot tlio^e t« una."
Both Houses of Congress, in order that the Exec-
utive's opinions and purposes should be sliength-
ened, and that the people of the United States
should have the assurance of this Congress in re-
gard to the purposes and objects for which they
wore called upon to take up arms in a civil war
against their fellow-citizens of the South in rebel-
lion, passed, with only two votes against it, the
following resolution. After slating that the war
had been commenced by the South, without justi-
fiable cause, it declared—
'•'That the war is not, waged on their pait [the United
States] in any spnit ot opjuej-sion, nor foi any purpose of
ovcrthiovvmg or inteitenng with the rights oi established
institutions ol those States, but to defend andInaintain tiie
supremacy of the Conatitunon, arul preseivc the Union,
witli till the dignity and equality of the several Slates uii-
impaiied, and th.it, as soon as tho&e objects are accom-
plished the war ought to cease."
Mr. Speaker, having established the causes of
(his war, and shown the original put poses of it,
I propose to present to the people of the United
States the purposes and present objects for which
it is to he prosecuted, and the means to be em-
ployed and now in progress. Under false pre-
tenses, the Administration and Congress have un-
der arms nearly one million of the citizen soldiers
ofthe United Stales. They have expended near
one billion of money, and ask now for nine hun-
dred millions more, which will be granted. They
have levied upon the people a tax of nearly three
hundred millions per year. Having determined to
make this a war of abolition of slavery, subjuga-
tion and conquest, oven to the extent of the anni-
hilation of the entire white population of eleven
States, a confiscation and destruction of their en-
tire properly, they are preparing this army of
volunteers—yes, sir, volunteers to maintain the
Constitution and to icstorc the Union—to do the
bidding of those who disregard the Constitution,
the laws of war, and the laws of nations. Officers
who an; opposed to the present policy of the war
are unceremoniously dismissed. Geneials who
have distinguished themselves in many hard and
successful battles are dismissed or retired from
the service. It would seem, now, the test of the
ability and qualification for office is abolitionism.
The inquiry is, " is he in favor of the proclama-
tion ? Js he in favor of destroying or abstracting
the property of the peaceful and non-combatant
citizen?" The confiscation of property, as pro-
vided for by the act, though harsh and of doubtful
authority, was not sufficient. That extended to
property and slaves used in the military service
of the enemy, and captured in war.
At the last session, when our victories mani-
fested to the world the power and bravery of our
J Army and Navy, I then thought, and still believe,
had the President and Congress addressed the
people of the South in a spirit of generous and
noble bearing, saying to them, " we have mani-
fested to you and to the world our strength and
ability in war to overcome the military power of
the seceded States-, we have no wish to prosecute
this war for any purpose of destroying life, liber-
ty, or property, but to give and to secure to you the
same Constitution and laws that govern ourselves,
and that once governed you; we will sustain your
Slate governments, protect your pei sons and prop-
erty; and we propose an armistice for ninety days,
that the people of the South may determine upon
the question of peace for themselves;" upon this
appeal, the people of the South would have forced
their leaders to accept peace upon tetms honor-
able to the United States and just to the South.
This was not done, and those who hinted at such
a measure were charged with "sympathizing
with the rebels." The abolitionists and radicals
took courage, and determined that this Union
should not be restored under the present Consti-
tution; that slavery should be abolished, and the
present inhabitants, men, women, and children,
guilty or innocent, should bo driven from their
homes or exterminated. "No longer a union
with slaveholders," was the watchword. The
State governments, constitutions, and laws were
to be abrogated and nullified, territorial govern-
ments to be provided, a new population from the
North and the freed negroes of the South to oc-
cupy the farms and lands of the citizen, guilty or
innocent. The slaves are to be armed to aid in
this wholesale muider and robbery.
Do you remember, sir, when Secretary Came-
ron pi oposed to arm the slaves, what a feeling per-
vaded the public mind? ThePiesident feitithis
duty to send him to Russia for put ification. lie
exchanged him for the present incumbent. I was
very soon convinced that he had made a bad trade
forthecountry. Mr. Stanton's conservatism soon
failed htm. In this new phase given to this war,
he is a long way ahead of his predecessor. Do
I do him injustice ? I think not. lie shall speak
for himself. In his annual report, speaking of the
future operations of the Army, he says:
"Above all, it is our duty to disdain no legitimate aid that
may save live lives ot our gallant soldier**, diminish their
labors, piovidc for theii wants,and lessen the butdenoi our
people. The sole object of a great war i  to make the ene-
my feci the evils of ins injustice, and by his -uftet mgs nmend
ins ways, lie must, theieloie, be attacked in ins mobt ac-
cessible quaiter."
The Secretary is for sending armed citizens,
protected by the Army, to cultivate the public
lands m Texas and Florida. The honorable Sec-
retary is for attacking the enemy in his most ac-
cessible quarter, and making him feel by his suf-
ferings. Undei this humane "aphorism," he
may order the houses and property of the guilty
and innocent to be destroyed; he may make war
upon the firesides, kill and capture women and
children. This would be an attack upon the most
accessible point—more accessible than a fort or
a fortification. He says the power of the rebels
rests upon their peculiar system of labor, (the
slaves.) He says it is, in his opinion, the duty of
those conducting the war to strike down the sys-
tem; turn against the rebels the productive power
(the negroes) that upholds the insurrection. By
this I cannot but understand the Secretin y that he
is, as a war measure, for exciting rebellion among
the negroes; arming them for the slaughter of
their owners, white men, women, and children.
He wants, in aid of his Army of a million, the
armed negro to assist in this war of destruction,
rapine, and horror. May God forgive him for
the wicked suggestion.
The Secretary finds his supporters in this House
and in the other end of the Capitol. The mem-
ber from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] finds that
the negro is not disposed to volunteer under the
provisions of the present law, and he has a bill
pending, drawn by the Secretary of War, making
it the duty of the President to coerce them into
service, to impress the slaves of the loyal men in
loyal States, and to organize them into companies
and regiments, to be commanded by white men.
Permit me to warn the white man who may be
mean enough to assume command of slaves, for
slaughter atid rapine, that the people ofthe South
have read the histoi y of the war of Turkey upon
Greece. They will parole no white man when
