1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
Seventh amendment:
Strike out the word " right," and insert the word "sev-
en ;55 so that the clause will read :
For compensation of the Secretary ol State and Assist-
ant Secretary of State, cleik*, me^sengei, assistant mes-
senger, and laboier* in ins ottiee, .$57,800
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Strike out the vvoids u the National Intelligencer,'' and
insert in lieu thereof the words one city newspaper ;,J so
that the clause will read:
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank books, binding, stationeiy, and miscellaneous
items, including subscription to one citv newspaper, to be
bound and preserved for the use ot the office, §1,200.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask for a separate vote on
tins amendment. I want to know whether it is
not simply (o substitute the words "one city
newspaper" foi " the National Intelligencer?"
Mr. STEVENS. That is so. The Senate sub-
stituted " oiip city newspaper" for " the National
Intelligencer." The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Precisely so; and on that I
ask a separate vote. I hope we will concur m
the Semite amendment.
Mr. CALVERT demanded the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 54; as follows:
Y GAS—Messrs. Alduch, Ai nohl. AMiley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Bentnun, linisjliam. l'.Ink<\ Bufliritoji. Chamber-
lain, Clark, Coltux, LVderiek A. Conkling. Ilo-eoe Conk-
ling. Conway, Cutlci, Davi*,, Dawes. Dutm. Edgerton, Fd-
wauls, Ely, Samuel <J F< enden, Thomas A. 1>. Fe--en-
den, I'Vher, Fianehot, Goodwin, Hickman, llnu-hiii«,
Julian, Fiancn \V. Kellogu'. William KelIo<r<r, Lansing,
Lehman, Loomis Lovejoy. Low, Melt can, AIitclicl 1, Jttr^-
tin S Moi nil. Noell, Timotin G. i'hc-lp-. I'ike, I'mter, Pot-
ter, John Ii. Rice, Kiddie, Edwaid U. Rollins, Wdigeiit,
Sedgwick, Shellah.ircer, Sherman, Sloan, Tiowbndge,
Vertee, Wallace, Washbuinc, Wheelei, Wilson, Waulom,
and VVotee-tei—61
NAYS—Moims. William Allen. Will inn J. Allen, Aliev,
Ancona, fiaily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blan, Wliham G. Uiown,
Clements. Co\, CrMjeld, Diven, Gilder, Ilaight, llale,
Harding, Hairiton, Ilolman, Horton,Law, Lazeai, Leaiy,
McKnight, May, Mayimid, Menzies, Moorhcad. Nixon,
Noble, Norton. Pendleton, l'eiiy, i'nee, Robinson, Seg.u,
Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, £pau!din-.r, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Suatton, fjcnj.nnin F.Thomas, Fiaiicis Thomas!,
Vallandigham, Voorliecs,Wad>woith, Web-tei. Albert S.
While, \Vicklifto, Wood. VYoodrutT, ami Yeaman—5-1.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move to leconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment was concurred in; and I ask leave of the
House to make a single statement.
The SPEAKER. On which side did the gen-
tleman from Tennessee vote?
Mr. MAYNARD. I voted for non-concur-
renee.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman has no
right to move to reconsider.
Mr. LOVEJOY. i move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was non-concurred in;
and 1 move to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the consent of the
House to make a sihgle statement.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman will
not object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in reference to this
matter ?
Mr. MAYNARD. It is.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, sir, we have done it
all right.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am sure that the gentle-
man himself does not understand the proposition
we are voting on.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
on bis objection t
My. LOVEJOY. I do.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think that if the House
understood the matter, it would not overrule the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question being on laying on the table the
motion to reconsider,
Mr. STILES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg the permission of the
Hause, before we take the vote, to make a eMglc
statement. *
The SPEAKER. Unless the gentleman from
Illinois withdraws his objection, the Chair must
insist on the regular order of business.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not withdraw my ob-
jection.
The question was taken; and-it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Raker, Bax-
tei, Beaman, Bingham, Blake, Bnffinton, Chamberlain,
Clark, Colfax, Fiederick A. Conkling, Iioscoe Conkhng,
Cutler, Pavi-5, Dawes, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Ely,
Fenton, Samuel C. Fessendcn, Thomas A. I). Fessendcn,
Fisher, Fratiehot, Hickman, Ilutchins, Julian, Kelley,
Fiancis W. Keilogs, William Kellogg, Lansing, Loomh,
Lovejoy, Low, McKean, Mitchell, Noeil, Timothy G.
Phelpv, Pike, Poiter, Potter, John H Rice, Riddle, Edward
II. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Shellabarger, Sherman,
Sloan, Trowbiklge, Van Valkenburgh, Verrec, Wallace,
Washbnme, Wheeler, Wilson, Windom, and Woicos-
ter—00..
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Biddle, Jacob B Blair, William G. Brown, Calvert,
Clement-', C< x, Cu^field, Diven, Granger, Gi ider, {blight,
Hale, Hall, Hauling, Harrison, Holman, llorton, Johnson,
Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Leaiy, McKnight, Mc-
Phcr-on, IWuj, Majnard, Mcuzics, Moorhead, Nixon, No-
ble, Norton, Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Price, Alexandet ii.
Ric", Robinson, Seg.ir. Sheffield, Sluel, Smith, Spauldmg,
William < . Steele, Stiles Stiatton, Benjamin F. Thoma-,
Francis Thomas, Vnlia digham, Wadsworth, Webstei,
Albeit S. Whit , Wickhtfe, Wood, Woodruff, and Yea-
man—.">9.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Ninth amendment:
Strike out the words. " the National Intoll Igencer," and
in^ett in lieu thereof the words " one city newspaper;" so
that the clause will read :
in the office of the Fiist Auditor:
Foi blank-books, binding, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, amlMib-enpUon to one city newspapei, $1,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means lecora-
meiided non-concurrcnce.
Mr. MAYNARD. By the permission of the
House, I will now make the statement which 1
intended to have made in regard to the other
item. In the estimates sent to the House, the
subscription to the National Intelligencer for the
office of the Second Comptroller and of the First
Auditor was included, to be filed and preserved
for the use of the offices. It is known that the Na-
tional Intelligencer is an institution in this coun-
try, of a documentary character, and has been
kept up with very little vauation in its character
foi half a centut y and more. In the hottest party
times, it has been a very decidcd political paper,
advocating the principles of the party of which
it has been my fortune to have been a humble
member. Although it was always a strong ad-
vocate of the doctrines of the old Whig party, still
it was never proposed, even in times of the high-
est party excitement, to strike out the subscrip-
tion to it.
I respectfully submit to gentlemen whether such
a change in the practice of both Houses of Con-
gress and the Departments, had better be made
for any. reason that is likely to be urged growing
out of a mere temporary disagreement in respect
to the position of that paper relative to political
questions or the conduct of the war. I am aware
that the Intelligencer differs from perhaps a ma-
jority of the House, and possibly the majority of
the loyal people of the country, in respect to some
questions as to the present policy of the Admin-
istration; but I apprehend that no man will doubt
that, from the beginning, that paper has honestly
advocated a maintenance of the Government, op-
posing to the best of its skill, judgment, and abil-
ity, the movements of treason. I think no one
who is familiar with that paper, who has read it
regularly as 1 have done, from day to day, almost
every issue, can doubt iis loyalty.
I submit, theiefore, whether it is wise to depart
from a practice of so long continuance for such a
cause. I may safely say that if any of us were
abroad and should be asked to designate a paper
in this country that should be a fair representative
of the political press of the country for the last
fifteen or twenty years, we should instinctively
point to the National Intelligencer as an exponent
of editorial fairness, courtesy, temperance, and
candor, in the discussion of questions. As was
remarked by a gentleman once, if w© should m e
the body of an unknown man floating upon the
water, and were to find a copy of the National
Intelligencer in his pocket, we should know, at
least, that he was a man of correct morals and
unimpeachable taste.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it would be good cause
for his floating'. [Laughter.} '
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 simply say, in regard-to the
matter, I think the facts vary very much from the
statement of the gentleman from Tennessee. The
support which the National Intelligencer gives to
the Government is one that is very doubtful, to
say the least of it. The gentleman from-Tennfes-
see says it has always advocated this or that or
the other.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question? I desire to know
whether he has been in the habit of reading the
National Intelligencer?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have had the opportunity
of hearing from it every morning. It is in the fam-
ily where I board, and is a very fine specimen of—
nothing. The gentleman says if a man was found
with this paper in his pocket he would know the
man was so and so. I do not think he would know
he was a man at all, [laughter,] for it is one of the
most neutral papers e^er published.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the gentleman
to admit that he dbes not read the paperregularly.
Now, sir, I read the paper every morning while
I am in bed, and I think if all gentlemen would
read it regularly, they would appreciate it as I do.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I believe that I have the means
of knowing what is in the paper; and the gentle-
man will notdeny thatit has contained a continual
series of assaults upon the Administration; that
it is more with the rebels than with the Govern-
ment.
But aside from all this, I should like to know
why it is that this paper is to have any peculiar
privileges over all other newspapers. The prop-
osition is not to designate any newspaper, but to
pcrmitthe properauthority to designate the paper.
I do not know what claims this paper has to be
petted and cherished, and to have all these jobs
given to it above all others. 1 therefore hope the
amendment of the Senate will be agreed to, and
I call the previous question upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Page 15, lines eleven and twelve, strike out the words
".$2,500," and insert in lieu thereof the words " $4,000,"
so that the clau.se would read as follows:
For fuel, light*, and incidental expenses attending the
pame, including pay of furnace keeper, §4,000.
Tiie 'Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 16, strikeout lines nine and ten as follows:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Illinois and
Missouri, {$1,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Page 18, after the word " dollars " in line eight, mseit a#
follows :
For pay of the wages of a clerk in the consolidated land
office at Oes Monies, Iowa, ,$i,000.
The Committee of Wayp and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Page 24, beginning with line ten, strikeout to and includ-
ing line thirty-one, on page 25, as follows:
Foi the collection and compiling of agricultural statis-
tic?. and the procurement, propagation, and distribution of
the most unproved varieties of grapes, and by hybridization
lo originate and develop those characteristics necessary to
eneouiage the pioduetion of wine in the United States', and
for the distribution of cuttings, plants, seeds, and cereals of
ww and u-selul varieties, both foreign and domestic, and for
the introduction and protection of inscctivoious buds,and
for investigation* to te^t the practicability of cultivating and
pieparmg flax and hemp as a substitute for cotton, and for
the encouragement of the agricultural and rural interests of
all parts of the Union, and for seeming an efficient clerical
eoips, chemist, botanist, entomologist, ornithologist, and
oilier person-* skilled in the natural sciences pertaining to
agriculture, hiboirrs, ami for the purposes of establishing a
laboratory, with the necessary apparatus, for piaetica! and
scientific experiments in agiicultmal chemistry. .$-13U,000:
Piovulcdy That the pay of clerks, messengers, and laborers
■Uiali not exceed the sum aliowed to similar employes in
the Departments.
And insert m place thereof, as follows:
For the salary of the Commissioner of Agriculture,
$3,000.
For the salary of the chief clerk in the Department of
Agriculture, $-2,000,
For the collection and compiling of agricultural statis-
