1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37tii Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. White.
Ho. op Eeps.
with its violation. The offenses were deferred.
This law was resisted by our fathers for its vio-
lations of the Constitution. Our fathers, worthy-
sires, true Democrats, hurled from power the au-
thors of this assaultupon American liberty. We
have now no " sedition law"on the statute-book,
but we have a power in full operation by force—
the bayonet—more dangerous to liberty. This
power must be put down by a free people under
a free constitution, if they would save their liberty.
I forbear to discuss the question of the right of an
enemy to seize and appropriate private property
on land as a war measure. The civilization of
the age, the adjudications of courts, and the feelings
of humanity, have settled this question against the
right. The act of Congress of last session, and
the President's proclamation, are both condemned
by the laws of war as now recognized by Chris-
tian nations.
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not believe the party in power
intend to restore the Union as it was. Their lead-
ers have so stated on this floor. They have been
made sick, said a member in debate, of the Dem-
ocratic sentiment—" the Constitution as it is, and
the Union as it was." Ever since the President
invited the representatives of the slave States to
violate the Constitution of the United States by
giving them aid in an effort to induce those States
to emancipate their slaves upon compensation to
be made out of the public Treasury, I became
alarmed. I believed the policy of the war was
to be changed. Every measure of Congress and
of the Administration from that day has tended
to consolidate the South. Rebellion and seces-
sion are stronger in the South to-day than they
were twelve months ago. The Union feeling that
existed there has been crushed out. The people
are as one man. This fact has been conceded on
this floor.
The President was induced to issue his proc-
lamation by men whose hopes were that it might
be the means of exciting the slaves to insurrec-
tion and rapine. If that shall be done in the pres-
ence of the American Army; if our citizen soldiers
shall see slave men engaged in all tho horrors of
murder and rapine, the President's proclamation
prohibits them fiom interfering. The slave is do-
ing this to maintain and establish the freedom the
proclamation has given.
I say to you, sir, and I proclaim it to the Ameri-
can people, that a servile insurrection in the South
is now the hope of the abolition party everywhere.
The war is waged for subjugation, for utter ex-
tinction of the white lace, and the repeoplingof
the States with emigrants from the East, and from
the Old World, and the freed slaves.
This abolition power will not agree to a res-
toration of the Union under the present Consti-
tution, securing the protection of the institution
of slavery as it docs. Let us not despair. The
union of all conservative men in all of the loyal
States will, I hope, be able under God to over-
come both the evil of abolition and secession.
The warning voice of him who now addresses
you may be disregarded; he will be charged with
sympathy with the southern rebellion; this will
not deter him, here or elsewhere, from "crying
aloud and sparing not," to awaken his fellow-
citizens to the rescue. He has lived long under
the blessings of the Constitution and the Union;
his desire is that he may die under them; his
prayer has been that he might not live to see this
Government of our fathers destroyed; his prayer
-now is that he may be spared to witness its once
more harmonious union, and the blessings of
peace again smile upon a happy, Christian people.
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
SPEECH OF HON. C. A. WHITE,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 2, lij63.
The House having under consideration the bill to raise
additional soldier'- lor the service of the Govminnuit—
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio, said:
Mr. Speaker: 1 propose to occupy but a brief
spoce of time in the discussion of the question
before the House. This, in my opinion, is one
of the most important measures of legislation that
has been presented here during the past two years,
eventful as they have been in the history of the
country and in the annals of the world. This is
the climax of a grand scheme of measures inau-
gurated for the purpose of subverting the suprem-
acy of the white race in eleven States of this
Union, and malting the colored the dominant race
in those States. I propose briefly to enter into an
investigation of the different links in this grand
and gilded chain which the Republican party has
been forging for the last two years for the con-
summation of this object.
The first measure was an act passed on the 6th
of August, at the extra session of Congress, for-
feiting by legislative enactment and by operation
of law, without the intervention of judicial sen-
tence, the slave property employed in the military
or naval service of the confederate States. That
was the first blow that was struck against the Con-
stitution, and in the consummation of this grand
scheme which this party have carved outfor them-
selves, that act provided that only such slaves
were to be freed as were used in connection with
insurrectionary purposes; but the next step in this
programme was the passage of an act to make an
additional article of war, by which the Army of
the United States was converted into a great sieve
through which this class of population was to he
sifted, an'd as they pass through this refiningpro-
cess, they become free.
The next step taken was the passage of a con-
fiscation biil by which all the property, estates,
chattels, stocks, money, and effects, of every per-
son engaged in the rebellion, not only in the mil-
itary and naval service, but of every civil officer
of the seceded States, whether national, State, or
municipal, is absolutely forfeited, and that, too,
in violation of every known and recognized prin-
ciple of law. Thus, by these three acts, all the
property and effects, including slaves, of all per-
sons, used in any manner in connection with the
rebellion, and of all persons engaged in, or giving
aid and comfort to it,and the property, effects,and
slaves of all civil officers, whether national, State,
or municipal, is confiscated, and all slaves that
escape through the lines of our Aimy are made
free. This disposes of the property and estates,
and frees the slaves of at least one half of the prop-
erty and stave owners in the seceded States.
Thus, sir, by the sweeping enactments of this
Congress the entire estates of hundreds of thou-
sands of persons are swept away without day in
court; without the finding of a jury and the judg-
ment of a court thereon; without any regard for
any of those great muniments of right which are
but the result of the experience and gathered wis-
dom of ages, and grouped together by the founders
of our Government, and firmly implanted in the
Constitution of the United States as a perpetual
covenant between the Governmentand the States,
and all the people thereof, and to the observance or
which we are bound by no less obligation than our
oaths. Yet, sir, the civil officer who has no con-
nection with the rebellion, the judge whositsupon
the bench and administersjustice and preserves the
public peace of the community m which he lives,
although he may have been elected long before the
commencement of this rebellion, but recognizing
the existence of a de facto Government and the ex-
istence of a state of facts over which he can have
no control, because he sits there and administers
justice according to the local laws and regulations
that exist m the community in which he lives, he
is to be deprived, too, of all his property. The
man who even holds a municipal office in a town
or city, and discharges the functions committed to
his care, looking after the interests of the organ-
ized society in winch he lives, is, in consequence
of his connection with such an office, to have his
property taken from him.
The next step in the grand schemes, and which is
the proper consummation of them all, is the proc-
lamation of the President of the United States,
issued on the 22d of September, 1862, followed
by that issued January 1, 1863, by which he de-
clares the slaves of the loyal as well as the disloyal
people to be free, and by which he pledges the
strong arm of the military authority of the United
States for the maintenance of that freedom.
Proclamations, sir, that do not become the
Chief Magistrate of a great Republic; proclama-
tions that are befitting only a dictator* that could
not have been issued until after the President had
put his foot upon the Constitution and a crown
upon his head; not the crown of a monarch, but
the crown of an absolute unqualified dictator; «
proclamation whose whole spirit and letter ar& in
flagrant violation in every respect of the Consti-
tution and of every principle of law known and'
recognized among men in the worst ages of the<
world.
This, then, disposes of the whole slavery ques-
tion so far as the eleven seceded States are con-
cerned. The slave property of those States by
these legislative enactments, and by thesedecrees,
proclamations, and bulls of your4 President is ab-
solutely disposed of by them. All slaves are free
and the military power of the Government is
pledged to maintain their freedom.
But what further do we find? All this is not
enough. Slavery must be destroyed everywhere,
as was enunciated by some gentlemen upon the
other side of the House. There must be no sus-
pension of hostilities until every man in this coun-
try becomes a freeman. Sucn are the declara-
tions coming from the other side of the House.
The border States are to be invaded by this un-
constitutional policy. The proposition is sent in
here by the President of the United States cut and
dried, and we are commanded, I suppose, by the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States to pass this resolution without
the crossing of a " t " or the dotting of an " i,"
to pledge the faith of the Government that they
will purchase the slaves in every State that will
consent to sell them. And not only that; but a
bill is passed here for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, disposing of property
without the owner's consent, simply by the op-
eration of legislative enactment, without the inter-
vention or sentence of any judicial tribunal. And
for the purpose of purchasing these slaves at a time
when the public exigencies are great, and the bur-
dens upon the people are so onerous, $1,100,000
must be drawn from the pockets of the people of
the country to pay for these slaves thus unconsti-
tutionally wrested from their masters, and paid
for by an unconstitutional and unauthoiizcd as-
sessment upon the people of the United States.
1 protest there, and I will protest everywhere,
that the Congress of the United States have no
power to assess the people, or to tax them to
raise revenue for the purchase of negroes any-
where, either for the purpose of setting them free
or for the purpose of setting them to plant Gov-
ernmentfarms to be worked by Governmentover-
seers and nursed by Government doctors und
matrons. I protest against the power of this
Congress to do it. The power of taxation is a
limited power in this Government. You can
only tax far>the purpose of carrying; out express
grants of power delegated under the Constitution,
and those which follow by necessary implication
from express grants.
Where is your power, then, to tax Ohio or
any individual in it for the purchase of slaves in
the District of Columbia, or in the State of Ken-
tucky, or Missouri, or Maryland, Delaware, or
Virginia? Can you specify the power? Is it the
war power?—that grand reservoir in which ait*
these infernal iniquities are gathered, the gieat
maelstrom m which is to be swallowed up not
only the substance of the people, but the very
body and soul ot n cir liberties.
And thi.5, sii, is not all. We have upon our
tables bills providing for the purchase of the slaves
in the States of Missouri, West Virginia, Mary-
land, and Delaware. Where is tins money to
come from? 1 protest here that the Stau;ofOhio
will not pay it. They will repudiate the bonds
and refuse to pay them. The government of
that State will soon pass into the hands of those
who will protect the rights of us citizens and de-
fend its sovereignty and honor. You cannot col-
lect this tax. It is unconstitutional and unauthor-
ized. The people are willing to pay just so far
as they are under any legal or moral obligation
to pay, but when you impose burdens upon them
beyond that, they ought and they will refuse to
assume them; for if they do pay these bonds, it
will be, in my opinion, a mere voluntary assump-
tion on their part. At a time like this, when the
burdens of the Government are so great as to
crush the industry of the country to the very earth,
