744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Thornton was a pay-
master on the storeship Brandywinc, lying in
Hampton Roads in June, 1862. He was ordered
with $30,000 of his money to pay other vessels
upon the station. He went with that money upon
that business, leaving the sum of §4,500 in the
safe furnished to the paymaster on board the vessel
to which he was attached. During his absencc
the money was stolen. The supposed thief was
traced to Baltimore with the money, and from
thence to New York, and there he was lost sight
of,- and has not yet been found. A court of in-
quiry was ordered by the Department, who took
testimony in regard to the facts. I will read their
finding:
"That in their opinion Paymaster Thornton was not neg-
ligent in the performance of ins duties, and that he was in
nowise to blame for the toss of the money stolen from his
iron safe. The circumstantial evidence ia of pueh a nature
as to lead them to the belief that the money was abstracted
by Acting Master's Mate Geoige C. Anderson* who deserted
from the Brandy wine very soon after the money is supposed
to have been taken."
The committee had no doubt about the fact that
the safe was broken open and the money taken by
a robber.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and beingengrussed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to leconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL* SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, fram the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (TT. R. No.
137) to authorize the raising of a volunteer force
for the better defense of Kentucky; and
A joint resolution (>H. R. No. 112) tendering the
thanksofCongressto) Cominodoie Charles Henry
Davis and other officers of the Navy, in pursuance
of the recommendation of the Piesident, of the
United States; when the Speaker signed the same.
NAVf CONTRACTS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a jftint resolution author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to adjust the
equitable claims of contractors for navafsupplics
and regulating contracts with the Navy Depart-
ment; which was read«a first and second time.
The resolution, authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to adjust and settle the claims of contractors
for naval supplies, who, during the last fiscal
year, ending June 30, have furnished to the
Department more than fifty per cent, above the
quantity specified in (heir contracts and without
default therein; and for the purpose of hcaung
such claims he may associate with the chief of
the bureau with which the contract is made the
chief of any other bureau, subject to an appeal to
the Secretary from their decision, it provides
that no co'itiactor shall be allowed except upon
the excess over the stipulated quantity and fifty
percent, in addition thereto,and upon such excess
not more than sufficient to make the price thereon
equal to the fair market value of the supplies at
the time and place of delivery.
It provides further, that all claimants under any
such contracts shall present their claims to the .
Depattment within six months after the passage !
of this joint resolution, or shall be forever barred |
from any equitable claim on account of then con- ,
tracts, and thai no contractor who, in his pro- j
posals, has offered supplies at fictitious or nom- j
inal prices, shall be entitled to the benefits of the '
resolution. i
The joint resolution provides further, that the |
chief of any bureau of the Navy Department in ;
contracting for naval supplies shall be at liberty j
to reject the offer of any man who, as piincipal ;
or surety, has been a defaulter under any previous j
contract, and that no partner of a contractor, and ;
no other roMractor undui the same bureau, shall j
be the .suie^of any contractor. i
Mr.~\VlCKLJ FEE. If I rightly understand '
this resolution I think the House ought not to
sanction the piineiple upon which it is proposed .
that these claims shall be adjusted. If I under-
stand it—and the gentleman who reported it will
correct me if 1 am wrong—it provides for the set-
tlement of the claims of contractors who have fur-
nished supplies m amounts greater than they had
contracted for. For instance, suppose a man had
a contract to furnish a thousand hogsheads of beef,
and delivered two thousand hogsheads, or any
quantity above that amount, it is proposed, as I
understand it, instead of paying him for the ex-
cess of delivery, at the contract price, lie shall be
allowed whatever he can prove was the market
price. The contract may have been for ten dol-
lars a barrel, and if he can prove that when he
delivered the surplus it was worth forty dollars
a barrel, he is to be paid that. Now, I have no
objection that he shall be paid for the surplus de-
livered at the contract price, but 1 am opposed to
delivering over the power to these boards of com-
missioners 4o make an allowance at what may
have been the market value.
I do not know how it may be, but I have seen
a statement in the newspapers that owing to the
great depreciation of paper money, contractors
will have to come to Congress for relief. Let
them come,and let Congress look into theircases;
but do not send them to a bureau to have their
compensation fixed at rates over and above the
contract price.
Mr. SEDGWICK. If the House will give me
their attention for a few moments, I will explain
the principle on which this joint resolution is re-
ported. It is for the lelief of contractors during
the last fiscal year, ending June 30, 186*2. In the
several branches of the Navy Department there
are contracts of different characters and descrip-
tions. For instance, in the Bureau of Yards and !
Docks ibey issue proposals, and upon those pro- j
posals make a contract requiring the contractor
to deliver the amount estimated and specified in
the contract, and upon a certain branch of articles,
called " miscellaneous,'' fifty percent, in addition
to the specified quantity, and upon other branches
of the proposals the Department are at liberty to
add twenty-five pel cent, to the specified quantity
or deduct twenty-live per cent., according to the
necessities of the bureau.
In the Bureau of Construction they have anoth-
er species of contract by which the contractor is
required to deliver, whenever the department may
choose to demand it, the supplies which he offers
to furnish, without any limit whatever. At the
same time the bureau is not compelled to take any
more than the contract specifies, but may purchase
elsewhere at its option. These contracts are on
printed forms, to the languageof which attention
is not particularly directed, because, during many
years, the bureau had not required more than a
small excess, ten or fifteen per cent, in advance
of the contract.
But during the past few years certain articles,
th.c supply of which was almost entirely cut off
by the war, for instance, cotton fabrics and linen
.sail cloth, which advanced because of the scarcity
of cotton, and naval supplies, which came mainly
fromiNoith Carohnaand Georgia,advanced large-
ly in prieeand were difficult of procurement. The
Navy being increased from forty vessels to three j
hundred, contractois were required to furnish from j
three to fight and nine times the amount which j
they contracted to supply, while at the same time ;
the articles had advanced in price from thirty to ■
one hundred per cent. The result of this was that j
but tow euntiactors were able to perform their j
contiacts. ;
In one instance which was brought to the at- j
tention of the committee, the contiact specified a ,
quantity of about twenty-eight thousand dollars
woith, while the contractor was called upon to
furnish goods to the amount of one hundred and
eighty or one hundred and ninety thousand dol-
lars. In another contract for cotton sail cloth, the
proportionate advance was even greater than that, j
A few of the contractors went through and ful- j
filled every stipulation of their contracts, assured :
when they brought the matter to the attention of ;
the Navy Department that the Department could ,
not get on unless these contracts were fulfilled, ;
and that some pro\ision would be made by which
they would he relieved of the burdens imposed on 1
them. Perhaps ten or fifteen contractors have
gone on under these circumstances and fulfilled
their contracts. What they ask is that the sys-
tem of contracts shall be assimilated in all the
bureaus; for instance, that the Bureau of Con- ;
siruction shall conform its contracts to those of
the Bureau of Yaids and Docks. They ask that
after they have perfoimed their contracts and fur-
nished fifty per cent, additional, that for all the
supplies beyond that they shall be allowed to
settle with the Department, and receive the fair
market price, at the time and place of delivery,
for the residue of the goods delivered.
By the terms of this resolution, contractors have
to bring forward their claims within six months,
or be foreclosed; and such claims are not to be al-
lowed when there'has been any unfairness in the
propositions on which the contracts were based,
as, for instance, where they have attempted to
impose on the Department by fictitious or nom-
inal prices, under which they may have realized
on other branches what they have lost on these
particular ones.
It is the general tenor of the resolution to pro-
vide for this class of cases. But while we had the
subject under consideration the committee has at-
tempted to remedy some of the impositions prac-
ticed on the Department by contractors. For
instance, a contractor proposes to the Navy De-
partment m the name of his clerk or his friend—a
person without responsibility. He comes forward
and enters into the contract, if it proves to be a
losing one, the contractis abandoned and the De-
partment has no remedy. Tins icsolution reme-
dies that evil. It also provides that the Navy De-
partment may reject as principals or sureties those
who have failed on preceding contiacts, and may
reject every proposition in which nominal or fic-
titious pi ices are put.upon articles proposed to be
furnished. For instance, proposals are asked for
furnishing to a navy-yard lead of two descrip-
tions, sheet lead and pig lead. The contractor goes
to the navy agent and finds that but a very small
quantity of sheet lead is wanted. He therefore
offers to furnish it at halfa cent a pound, and pio-
poses to furnish the pig lead, of which a large
quantity is wanted, at nine or ten cents a pound.
The bids are put together and the average taken,
and it is found that he is the lowest bidder. In
this way he realizes thousands of dollars by a fic-
titious species of bidding.' This evil the resolu-
tion proposes to guard against.
Tins resolution has been drawn up with great
care and consideration. It has been submitted
not only to the head of the Navy Department,
but to the chiefs of the several bureaus who have to
make contracts, and it has the approbation of all
of them, as being on the whole well calculated to
secure fair dealing with the Department, and pre-
vent frauds in contracts. Having made this state-
ment, I move, at the request of gentlemen about
me, who desire time to consider it, that the joint
resolution be printed, and postponed until Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
IIENltY W. DIMAN.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
reliefof Henry W. Diman; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It directs the
accounting officers of the Treasury to adjust, ac-
cording to the principles of equity and justice, the
accounts of Henry Diman, late acting assistant
paymaster in the Navy, whose books and papers
were lost in the transport steamer Whitemau, in
July, ]8G2, in the Mississippi river.
The joint resolution wasoidered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
. CODIFICATION OF NAVAL LAWS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution author-
izing the appointment of a commissioner to revise
and codify the naval laws of the United States;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Piesident of the United Slates to appoint, by
and with the consent of the Senate, a commis-
sioner whose duty it shall be to revise and codify
the naval laws of the United States, and to report
such revised code to Congress at next session; the
annual salary of such commissioner to be $3,000.
Mr. SEDGWICK. A icsolution was referred to
the Naval Committee at the lust session, directing
an inquiry into the propriety and necessity of re-
vising and codifying the naval laws. The com-
