94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
SYtii Cong....3d Sess.
French Interference in Mexico—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
because they were disloyal men. I know them
well, and have known them all my life,and 1 know
that they are as patriotic as any men upon this
floor; ay, sir, as the President of the United States.
In view of all these difficulties that surrounded
us, with the prison doors staring us in the face,
and well knowing that if they ever closed upon
us wc might riot again see the light of liberty ex-
cept under the shadow of a million gleaming bay-
onets—which have at last become the measure
as well as the source of presidential power—with
freedom of discussion stricken down, with press
after press mobbed and muzzled, with the mails
closed to us, with all the rights and immunities
that belong to freemen cloven down beneath the
feet of a despotic power; we bore all this. Sir,
it was a great deal to bear, but we looked to and
trusted in the ballot-box as the great panacea for
the cure of these distempers of the body-politic;
and right well was our faith rewarded. We went
to the polls quietly and silently, and sullenly, it
may bo, and there cast our ballots, and the result
has been told. The State of Ohio, that one year
before gnvp fifty-six thousand Republican major-
ity, returned the Democratic ticket by about eight
thousand majority, and instead of having eight
Democratic Representatives upon this floor to
thii teen Republicans, as at present, we will be rep-
resented in the next Congress by fourteen Demo-
crats to four Republicans. Those are the fruits of
this policy. It was a victory obtained upon prin-
ciple, and a grand and glorious victory; a victory
for the Constitution and law over usurped and
arbitrary powers; a victory of true and genuine
loyalty over treason; ay, sir, it was a victory
for the Government and against the Administra-
tion. We are for the Constitution and for the
Governm.-nt, because the Government is the off-
spring and creation of the Constitution, and when
thnt is £oni! all is gone.
Mr. BLAICE. Will my colleague permit me
to ask him a question
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAKE. I would like to have my col-
league state if those arrests in Ohio were not made
by authority of Governor Tod, and if that Gov-
ernor is not and has not always been a Democrat?
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio. I will answer that
question. Governor Tod, I believe, limits hisat-
rests to two, and there were nine men arrested in
my own county, as respectable and loyal citizens
us there are upon this floor. 1 know them to be
such; and I  m proud to represent them and to
characterize them as such here. Whether Gov-
ernor Tod ordered the arrest of either of them or
Dot, 1 cannot say; this is a Government secret
that we Demoetuts are not permitted to know;
thai qitrNMon would go better from me to the gen-
tleman than from lum to me. Hut i am asked if
Governor Tod is not now, und if he has not al-
ways been, a Democrat' My answer is that he
was once a Democrat; but he fell from grace, and
the Republican party, according to their custom,
picked lum up, and made him their candidate for
Governor, and elected him, in spite of our efforts
to defeat him. lie is now an abolitionist of tin*
deepest, and darkest dye; and if there is a name
the mention of winch will more readily awaken
the deu station of the loyal people of that State than
Abraham Lincoln, that name is David Tod. Mr.
Sp^uket,] believe I have answered the gentle-
man's question, and this is all that I desire to say.
FRENCH I NT Hit FJRU BN CJ3 IN MEXICO.
SPEECH OF IIO.N. J. A. McDOUGALL,
OF CALIFORNIA,
In tiik Senate of tiie United States,
February 3, 1863.
The Senate huvinir undr-i consideration the resolutions
submitter! by Mi. McDouoali, on tin: J 9th of January last, !
concnmng oui relations with Fiance and Mexico 
Mr. McDOUGALL said:
Mr. President: I should have preferred to have
had the resolutions to which J nowcaH tlic atten-
tion of the Senate presented by some older Sen-
am i than myself, and parttuulaily by some Senator
whotve relation to the Administration at present in
authority would have secured to the subjeotofihe
resolutions a more general and careful consider-
ation. I have, however, been compelled to think
that gentlemen have purposely and persistently
shut their eyes to the position France has assumed,
not only towards Mexico, but towards this Gov-
ernment; and it is only after grave consideration,
impelled by the strongest sense of duty, that I
have asked of Congress the expression of its opin-
ion on the subject.
I assure Senators that I have not presented these
resolutions with any partisan purpose. I have not
the shadow of a disposition to assault those to
whom first and most immediately belongs the in-
itiative in this business. It is perhaps true that
special circumstances, and the more immediate
concern of our people on the Pacific coast in the
movements of France, furnish reasons why 1
should have watched French policy more carefully,
and why I should feel more alarmed at its devel-
opment, than most of those belonging either to the
executive or legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment.
I do not hope to present all the facts and con-
siderations that move me to my conclusions; if
time permitted, the subject embraces too wide a
field for any mere oral discussion. The most I have
promised to myself has been to call the attention
of Congress and the Government to the subject,
and secure that consideration and action which I
believe have been much too long delayed.
i have affirmed in these resolutions that the
movement of France against Mexico is in viola-
tion of the known and recognized rules of inter-
national law, in violation of the treaty made at
London between England, Spain, and France, in
violation of repeated assurances given by France
to this Government; and I now further afliim and
will endeavor to satisfy the Senate that both the
treaty and the assurances of which I speak weie
made on the part of France with the definite pur-
pose ofmisloadmganddecoiving this Govern merit;
that they were designed as a fraud upon us, and
that we have been misled, deceived, and defrauded
to the very point of jeopardy by the Machiavelli
who is now Emperor of the French.
What I have affirmed I shall now proceed to
maintain as briefly as I find possible. I have said
that this movement of France upon Mexico is in
violation of the rules of international law. The
true right and the extent of the right of Fiance is
briefly and well stated in a letter written by our
minister at London to Mr. Seward, dated Novem-
ber 3, 1861, in which he says:
"There can bo no doubt that, as it renard« Europe, the
voice ol all the independent Amei loan nations is the same.
Tney want no dictation, nor any reMimption ot their old le-
lations. Ifthey tail mi performing theii honest engagement*,
they make themselves liable in their properly, but not ui
their person*-oi iheir political rights. Any attempt to trans-
cend that bm.ul line of di.*uaction is a mere appeal to force,
which can carry with it no obligation one moment beyond
the permd when it may he successfully oveitbrovvn. And
the principle is broad enough to make the maintenance oi
it to one countty equally the cause ot all the lest.'5
It is unnecessary to elaborate the views ex-
pressed by our minister. The attomptin this civ-
ilized age, in thisngo of law,to make warnpon and
to overthrow a Weak Government under the pre-
tense of enforcing the payment of a money debt,
is one that would not be dared by any other poi-
son than the dark, ambitious, and unscrupulous
head of the French Government.
The terms of the treaty made at London are, I
presume, familiar to Senators. Permit me, how-
ever, to call then attention to the second article; it
reads:
" Art. 2. The high contracting parties bind themselves
not to seek lor themselves, in the employment of the eo-
eicive measures lorej-ecn by the piesent convention, any
acquisition of territory, oi any pecuiiai advantage, ami not
to evetct-e in Hie subsequent affair of Mexico'any influ-
ence ot a chaincier to impair the right of the Mexican na-
tion to choose and freejy to constitute the fouu of its own
Government.5'
It was understood that if Mexico did not to the
extent of her reasonable ability adjust and pro-
vide for the respective claims of the thi ee Powei s,
they would seize upon so much of the impost
revenues of Mexico as would satisfy their de-
mands. Further than this neither England nor
Spam undertook to go; when Fiance developed a
policy foreign to this purpose they protested and j
withdrew. France,having used Englandand Spam i
to disguise her purposes, cover her landing, and j
establish her footing in Mexico; having commit- j
ted England and Spain to what in them was folly I
hut in France was ambition, the French move-
ment is immediately changed into one of conquest
and dominion.
That this attempt at conquest is a violation of
the treaty of London and the assurances given
to this Government, is a truth admitting of no
discussion; but more than this; for it there is no
shadow of justification or excuse. The fact is
patent that this course France had determined on
from the first; France had been lying to the allies,
and had lied to us; when the time was ripe she
uncloaked herself, showing the brigand from top
to toe.
And now, Mr. President, before entering upon
particulars, and that the course of my remarks
may be better understood, and as it is sufficiently
understood that it was not a pecuniary enterprise
that led France into Mcxico, I will state what I
understand has induced this flagrant outrage upon
public law, pledged faith, and the rights of a neigh-
boring republic, and what I understand to be the
programme of France, so far as it can be under-
stood from what we know. The present constitu-
tional government of Mexico is to be overthrown.
Almonte, or some other instrument of French au-
thority, is to be made temporary chief of the re-
public. Fiance is to claim of the Government
thus represented $27,01)0,000, together with the
expenses incurred in the prosecution of the pres-
ent war, say $100,000,000 more. Mexico has no
means with which to pay this or any such amount.
France will take territorial indemnity; that is, the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec and the adjacent terri-
tory, the States bordering on the Rio Grande,
Lower California, Sonora, and Sinaloa. This ac-
complished, the temporary chief, with the aid of
what is known as the Church party in Mexico,
suppoi ted by the bayonets of the French Emperor,
will pronounce an Austrian prince Emperor of the
Mexican people under the protectorate of Austria
and France. This done, and while this is being
done, France will confederate with the rebellion in
the South; even now I do not doubt such move-
ment is in progress, if not consummated. She
will then directly seek the possession and con-
trol of the territories south and west of the Mis-
sissippi river. It will not be long before the front
of an undisguised enemy will be exhibited to this
Republic; and simultaneous with that will be the
attempt to seize upon all there is of our Republic
on the shores of the Pacific. With the possession
of the northern Pacific States of Mexico, and Cal-
ifornia and Oregon, together with the other pos-
sessions of France in the Pacific and the Indian
ocean, she aims at the command of the ancient
East, that vast country the exhaustless wealth of
which lias built up successively the richest and
most powerful States of Europe, and to but a por-
tion of which Great Britain is chiefly indebted for
her ascendency bo'h on sea and land. India has
been the prize of many States. China is now the
great prize oft he nations. The three great Powers,
Russia, France, and England, like three giant
birds of prey, have been long hovering over that
fated nation, watching each other and watching
it. France would be strong upon the Pacific, that,
if she cannot seize all, she may at least divide the
prey.
In the time of the Caesars in the city of Rome
was accumulated a great part of the wealth of the
known world. The unpaialleled luxury of the
Roman patricians of the first few centuries of our
era took from Rome and the luxurious cities of
the Meditei lanean their gold and silver, rftuch of
which by caravans passed to India, and through
India to China, then known as the land of silks;
and while it is said that Nero had his house of
gold, yet as early as the fifth century Rome was
destitute ot the precious metals. The precious
meuls, tne moment they passed into the terri-
tories of China, remained and continued a part of
the fixed possessions of the country. At the ex-
treme of the world, holding all the rest of man-
kind barbaious,sho only communicated with them
to dispose of such things as in exchange for gold
and silver wouldadd toiler wealth. The precious
metals they never parted with; so that for at least
eighteen centuries this process of accumulation
has been continued. There is probably more gold
and silver in the forms of moneyed wealth now in
China than in all the States of Europe and Amer-
ica combined.
