1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE,
95
S^th Cong....3d Sess.
French Interference in Mexico—Mr, McDougall.
Senate.
It is not strange that France should regard China
•with an avaricious eye. The Frcnch Emperor
needs some sucii spoil as this to sustain his young
authority and sQpport his vast ambition. To ac-
complish this result, he needs a commanding po-
sition on the Pacific. He appears to be in the way
of obtaining it, with our consent and at our sacri-
fice.
I have advanced these opinions as to the general
policy of France rather out of the regular line of
argument; but thinking, perhaps, that from this
statement the facts I shall present may be more
readily applied.
I will now recur more directly to the questions
presented by the resolutions, I have charged that
the French Government gave us false and fraud-
ulent assurances as to the intentions of that Gov-
ernment toward Mexico.
It seems there was some anxiety felt by this
Government on the subject of the movement of
the allies. Our ministers at Pans, London, and
Madrid were insti ucted to inquire as to the inten-
tion of the several Powers. In pursuance of in-
structions, Mr. Dayton called upon M. Thouve-
nel, French Minister of Foreign Affairs, and un-
derdate of September27,1861, Mr. Dayton writes
Mr. Seward:
" He (M. Thouvenel] assured me, however, that what-
ever England and France might do, it would he done in
reference to realizing thei  money debt only, and that they
had nopuipose whatever to obtain any foothold in Mexico,
or to occupy permanently any poition of it* territory. lie
lepe.ited tins with emphasis. lie furtheimore stated, ex-
plicitly, that should Spam conn; m, us one of the Poweis
acting in concert with l''iance and England, for her claims,
it would be with a distinct undeistandin" that she, too,
should not attempt to hold an> part of the teiritoiy. I was
somewhat p.uticular in mymqunies upon thw point, be-
cause I could not ioiheai the belief that Spain might look
to a lea^eruon of her former rule over Mexico or some
pan «f it."
Here is a distinct assurance to the Government
of the United States through its accredited min-
ister, that Fiance would do nothing more than
# assert her claim for her money debt. Again, on
the 31st of March, 1862, in a letter from Mr. Day-
ton to Mr. Seward, he gives an accountof another
conversation on fhe subject with M. Thouvenel:
1 then retened M. Thouvenel to your dispatch (No.
1*31) m leference to the action of the ahies towaid Mexico.
He .-aid France could do no moie than *he had ahead> done,
and that was to reassure u- of her purpose nor to lntei fere
in anv w.iy with the internal government of Mexico That
their sole object was to obtain payment of then claim* and
rcpaiation lor the wrongs and injunes done to them."
Other assurances of a similar nature were con-
tinued to be given from time to time, evidently sat-
isfying our amiable minister at the French Court
that Louis Napoleon was the most innocent and
hairnless man alive.
And now that our "right to proper and truthful
assurances may be well understood, I will call the
attention of the Senate to an official correspond-
ence between tins Government and that ofFrance,
in 182G, during the Presidency of Mr. Adams, and
while Mr. Clay presided over the State Depart-
ment, Mr. Brown our minister at Paris, and M.
Damas French Minister of Foreign Allans. Our
minister, in writing to Mr. Clay, states a conver-
sation with the French minister, as follows:
" 1 then, in the most delicate and fnendly manner, al-
luded to the French s-rjnadron which had appeared in the
West Indies and on the American coast la-,t summer, and
stated th.it mv Government would expect that, m ease
Fiaucc should again bend out a naval force dispioportion-
ate in the extent of it-, annament to the ordmaiy purpo.-e
ot a peace establishment, it*, de&ign and object should be
communicated to the Government of the United States,
The Baron de Damas answered, that the ve«-eN compris.
mg that squadron had been stationed at different places-
whore tin1 number on each station was not more than suf-
ficient f<>i the .*>■ i vk .2 of pi on umg Fiont h comiam o and
their West India inland?.; that it had become we< >-ary
definitely to settle the relations between Fiance and St.
Domingo; that this Mjuadron was hastily colleetedtoi that
object, and that ihe natme of the service icquired !-eer<*ey.
He said tii.it it was* not only right in it-el', but had hern
eustomarv with the French Govt intnent to communicate to
fuemlly Go\crn:u 'ut>. m tune of p-.ace, the objects of con-
siderable fleets sent on distant service; that the peculiar
circumstance* in the instance ! had alluded to had occa-
sioned a departure Horn the nib-, but that, m future, the
United States should be duly apprised of the objects ol every
such squadron sent into their vieieity.*'
This was the policy of Air. Adams and Mr.
Clay, akin to the doctrine proclaimed by Mr.
Monroe in 1823. In a letter to l^aron Damas Mr.
Brown says:
''Paris, Januauj 2, 3826.
" Sir : In the month of July la-^t 1 had the honor to state
to your excellency, with the utmost frankness, the views
oft lie Piesidentof the United States in i elation to the Span-
ish 1-lands of Cuba and Porto ltico f mfotm^d you that
the United States could not see with indifference those
ir-JawK passingfiorn Spam to any othei European Power;
and that the United States desired no change in their polit-
ical or commercial condition, nor in the possession which
Spain had in thera. In th« conference with which your
excellency honoied ine on this day, I repeated the same
assurances, and added, in a spirit of friendship, and with
a view of guarding beforehand against any possible diffi-
culties on the subject which might arise, that my Govern-
ment could not consent to the occupation of those islands
by any other European Power than Spain, under any con-
tingency whatever."
Was this a declaration of war? The French
Minister of Foreign Affairs was told distinctly
that this Government would not consent to the
exchange of the authority of Spain for that of
France or any other Government over Cuba and
Porto Rico.
It was, then, the right of this Government to
be informed, and to be truthfully informed, as to
the purposes of France in Mexico; and nothing
but purposes hostile to this Government can be
inferred from deceitful and false representations.
This right in us France admits; it follows France
has purposely wronged us; France is hostile.
And now, Mr. President, as to the particular
proof of the original bad faith of the French Gov-
ernment. I am inclined to think my assertion
sufficiently sustained by the recently published
letter of the Ftench Empeior to General Forey, to
be found in the morning papers, and which I shall
read now, as having peculiar point in it so far as
we are concerned. I will read liis language:
"Theie will not be wanting people who will ask you
why we go to lavish men and money for the establishment
of a regular Government in Mexico. In the present stale
of the civilization til the vvoild the prosperity of America
is not a matter of indifference to Eutope ; for it is she who
feeds our manutactories and gives lite to our commerce.
We have an interest in this, that the Republic of the United
States be poweiiul and pros-peiou*; but wo have none in
this, that she should seize possession of all the Mexican
Gull, dominate Horn thence the Antilles, as well as South
America, and be the sole dispen*ei ol tiie products of the
New Woild."
France makes war to restrain our progress; she
makes war upon a sister republic bordering upon
our weakest and most valuable possessions; and I
am told no voice must be raised here, either of
warning to France, of sympathy for Mexico, or
for counsel among ourselves. For myself, I will,
for one, raise my voice not merely to warn, but to
denounce, and I here denounce the proceedings of
France as the most flagrant robber outrage that
lias been attempted by any modern civilized State;
an outrage that challenges the condemnation of
every other civilized State, and demands our in-
terference; and if what I have to say fails at the
present moment to reach the enrs of those tn
whom I most immediately address myself, 1 will
still trust it m«y be heard when there is some
power and will in this Government to maintain the
right. _
It will require no skill in argument to justify
any form of denunciation against Fiance. She has
made the truth of her own falsehood and wrong
so patent that it cannot be disguised.
The reiationsof Almonte, the Mexican refugee,
to this Government must be wt*il known. As the
confederate of Slulell and Mason, and as one of
the conspirators m Europe against the integrity
of the Union, he has played a conspicuous part.
He is well known to have been a bitter enemy of
this Government ever since he was made prisoner
at the battle of San Jacinto. Driven from Mex-
ico in 1857, he visits Europe to engage foreign
arms in the overthrow of the'constitutional Gov-
ernment of his country. To the Government of
Spain he proposes the rcestabhshmcnt of Spanish
authority in Mexico. To Louis Napoleon he
proposes the establishment of a monarchy under
French protection. A shiewd and adroit politi-
cian, he secures a favorable hearing at both the
courts of France and Spam. Spain dreams of her
old dominion. Fiance projects an Austrian alli-
ance. The third Napoleon has a notion similar
to that of the first Napoleon—an Austrian alli-
ance, to be confederated with the oldest dynasty
in Europe; to unite himself with the Power to
which belongs the iron crown of Charlemagne;
to jom in firm alliance with the first Catholic
Power m Europe. Such motives and such ambi-
tion drove Josephine into widowhood, and per-
haps Napoleon ( into exile, and it is not beyond
the range of possibility that the present emperor
may find that in this his ambition has overleaped
itself.
That the French Emperor undertook from the
first to overturn the present Government and es-
tablish Maximilian upon a throne in Mexico is
now openly avowed. In furtherance of this and
other views, Almonte was taken under French
protection; butfor his illness at the time he would
have sailed with the French fleet. On his arrival
in Mexico, he was escorted by French troops into
the interior, against the lemonstiances of the rep-
resentatives of both the Spanish and English Gov-
ernments. Under the protection of French bay-
onets, he had himself proclaimed chief of the
republic. He was made, by the French author-
ities, the instrument to excite domestic revolution
in aid of the arms of France. These facts appear
in the diplomatic correspondence of this Govern-
ment in relation to Mexican affairs furnished by
the Secretary of State to this Congress. The same
protection was afforded to the Padre Miranda,
and was attempted in favor of Miramon,and would
have been effected but for the violent interference
of the English admiral. These facts are sufficient
to prove that France designed overturning the ex-
isting Government, and purposed to deceive this
Government by assurances to the contrary. But
the climax of French outrage is to be found in the
false and fraudulent pretexts setup by France as
the justification for her proceedings.
The entire moneyed claim which France had any
right to set up against Mexico amounted to but
$190,000. A Swiss banker by the name of Jecker,
by a fraudulent arrangement with the French min-
ister resident in Mexico and Miramon, then the
insurgent chief in possession of the capital, ad-
vanced to Miramon $750,000, for which Miramon
caused to be issued $15,000,000 of Mexican bonds.
The full payment of the $15,000,000 was one of
the peremptory demands of the French Govern-
ment. France madeafurtherclaim of $12,000,000
on general account, without item or specification,
for wrongs done French citizens. The represent-
atives of England and Spain protested against
these claims as without the shadow of justice.
England and Spain asked only a fair adjustment of
actual claims, and a reasonable provision for pay-
ment. France notonly demanded the 1*27,000,000,
but whatever she mightchoose to claim as indem-
nity on account of her military operations. France
demanded, and knew she was demanding, notonly
what was unjust, but what Mexico could not by
any possibility pei form. The English represent-
atives consulted with the home Government, and
the English Government remonstrated with the
French. But the French Government persisted.
Great Britain and Spain withdrew from.the alli-
ance, settled amicably their claims on Mexico,
and withdrew from the Mexican territories, leav-
ing France alone to pursue her long-determined
scheme of conquest.
The outrageous nature of the French claim ex-
hibited against Mexico can best be understood
from an examination of the French ultimatum
presented to thealhes,and which first opened then
eves to the duplicity of the French Government.
This ultimatum will be found in the English Blue
Book sent by the Gtueen to Parliament, in which
the correspondence relating to this subject is much
more full than in the correspondence furnished to
Congress.
i call the attention of the Senate to this paper.
It exhibits an outrage too great to be character-
ized. It notonly offends the common sense of
justice of mankind, but deserves execration every-
where and by all men. There is a further strange
fact about this ultimatum. It appears to have
been presented to the English and Spanish repre-
sentatives, and when repudiated by them, with-
out any demand in fact upon Mexico, or any
effort at adjustment, France prepares for war. I
will read the entire paper, for I wish this Gov-
ernment and people to understand the character
of this Emperor of the Fiench and his Govern-
ment; what Mexico may expect, and what we
too may expect, if his power proves eqiyil to his
will for mischief.
"The undersigned, representatives of France, have the
honor, as stated in the collective note addrc><ed this day
to the Mexican Government by the plempotcmiaues of
France, England, and Spain, to diaw up as roiiow^ the ul-
timatum of which they have received orders ju th* name
