1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
The Clerk commenced the reading of the bill
for amendments, and proceeded as far as line
eighteen when
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to amend by adding
to the clause, " for armor-plated aea steamers of
iron, $12,000,000," the following proviso:
Provided, That no contract shall be entered into for the
construction of said vessels until pioposals have been so-
licited from the principal iron ship-builders, and shall be
made upon the most favorable terms as to cost and time.
Mr. STEVENS. It strikes me that is a very
wholesome provision, and I do not see any objec-
tion to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
^ The Clerk continued the reading of the bill to
line forty, when
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to amend by insert-
ing: "for pay of photographer for Ordnancc Bu-
reau, $300."
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is that authorized by
existing law ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. A similar appropriation
was qp&de last year. The photographic art is con-
stantly used in the Navy Department, and this
appropriation is the same as that of last year.
Mr. STEVENS. Is this appropriation designed
for the past or for the future?
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is for the year for which
we are making^appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ftading was continued to line sixty-two,
when
Mr. SEDGWICK said: I move to amend by
inserting after the wordyards," the words "for
supply of water at navy-yards for navy-yard pur-
poses." It does not increase the appiopriation at
all, but merely adds a specification.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. At the end of the para-
graph, I move to add the following:
And the further srnnof $300,000 is hereby appropriated
to supply the deficiency 111 the contingent lumi of this bu-
reau for the remainder of the present fiscal year.
I ask that a communication from the chief of
the Bureau of Docks and Yards be read, in order
to explain the necessity of the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, i desire to suggest to the
gentleman that (heCommitteeofWayaand Means
are preparing another deficiency bill; and I greatly
prefer that this amendment, which is for a defi-
ciency, should be offered to that bill.
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 withdraw the amend-
ment.
The reading of the bill was continued to the one
hundred and fifty-first line.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "dry-docks" in the appro-
priation for the New York navy-yard, the words:
For building a fioattngor sectional dock of sufficient size
and capacity tor raising any vessels now building.
Mr. STEVENS. Is there any appropriation
contained in the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It does not increase the
appropriation.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will send up another
amendment, which I propose to offer at the end
of the clause, and that will show what is intended
by this.
The amendment, which was read, was to strike
out, at the end of the clause, " $463,003," and
insert in lieu thereof "$1,213,003."
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to state in a very
brief manner the necessity of this provision. We
are now building three vessels of over four hun-
dred feet in length—the Dictator, the Puritan, and
one other. There is no dock in this country which
can take these vessels out of the water. We have
provided in this bill for the building of three more
vessels each of which will be over four hundted
feet in length—four hundred and twenty feet and
upwards. The largest dock in the country,! be-
lieve, is the dock atCharlestown, Massachusetts,
which is three hundred and seventy feet in length.
U must be entirely obvious to everybody who will
consider the subject for a moment, that if you
build vessels you must have docks to take them
out of tiio water. The enlargement of the dock
at the Brooklyn yard, in the first place, is prob-
ably impossible on account of the want of room,
but at ail events it would take three or four years
to complete the enlargement, and it would be done
at a cost immensely larger than the building of a
sectional dock would involve.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no doubt that this is
a very worthy object, but this seems to be a very
large sum of money to appropriate iri a bill of this
kind without further consideration. I understand
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to say that it will cost between seven and eight
hundred thousand dollars. I am not quite pre-
pared to vote that large amount without further
information on the subject.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 26, noes-25; no quorum.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hooper,
and Phbi.ps of California, were appointed.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING. I ask the consent of
the committee to make a brief statement in refer-
ence to this amendment.
No objection was made.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I addition to the
reason which has been assigned by the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs for the construc-
tion of this dock, I desire to say that it is within my
personal knowledge that a very great necessity ex-
ists at the Brooklyn navy-yard for an increase of
the accommodations for docking vessels. I had
occasion to observe during the last summer and
autumn, while the frigate Roanoke was undergo-
ing the process of plating, that a very consider-
able number of other vessels had to wait outside
of the dock for admission. It led to very serious
delay in fitting out vessels for the southern const,
and having occasion to go into the yard repeatedly
during that period,! heard from the commandant
at the yard and the various officers employed
there constant expressions of opinion that an in-
crease of dry-dopk accommodation in that yard
was indispensably neccssary for the naval service
of the country.
I will state that the expense of building the
dry dock at Brooklyn was, so far as my recollec-
tion goes, for I have not referred to the figures
for a considerable time, some three or four times
the amount of the appropriation now asked for.
The reason assigned by the chairman of the
Naval Committee for the construction of this
floatingor sectional dock is one that I think must
commend itself to the judgment of every gentle-
man who hoard the statement. Either the large
vessels which it is now proposed to build for our
Navy, and which are of the same character as those
in process of construction for the British and
French navies, must be abandoned, or there must
be some provision made for dockingthem. This
is by far the cheapest device that can be employed
for that purpose.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 75, noes 18.
So thfttmendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Sedgwick's
motion to strike out "$463,003," and insert
"$1,213,003" in lieu thereof.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
35, noes 1G; no quorum.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thomas, of
Massachusetts, and Sherman, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 32.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the bill until the following clause was reached:
Foi dock; diedgmg; repairs of all kinds," and for the pur-
chase of two lntf adjoining the navy-yard, extending from
Fiont street to the commissioner's line in the Dehuvuie
river, upon condition that a more extensive navy-yard shall
not be piovided for on said river, $230,-<io8.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out all after
the word " kinds," in the first line, and to insert
"$50,000;" so as to make it read, "for dock;
dredging; repairs of all kinds, $50,000."
Mr. Chairman, I know something about the two
lots referred to in this clause, and I think the price
fixed is about three times the amount they are
worth. I do not myself think it proper to make
a purchase of this kind in an appropriation bill.
If the lots are to be purchased at all, there ought
to be a commission appointed to examine them
and determine their value. From my own knowl-
edge of them, I think the price named here is three
times what they aie worth.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would ask the gentleman
whether, if these lots are not purchased, it will
become any more necessary to take League Isl-
and?
Mr. STEVENS. Not at all. I suppose it ha$
no influence on that question. I carihot vote for
this purchase, because I know it would be \ bad
speculation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I understand the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to be
to strike out a proposition designed to provide for
the extension of the present navy-yard at Phila-
delphia, so as to malce its capacity sufficient for
the exigencies of the timea. If it is not necessary
that this amount shall be appropriated'to extend
that yard and make its capacity as great as is now
necessary, why, then, I shall be for striking it
out; but if it is needed in order to make that yard
come up to the naval requirements of the country,
I am in favor of the appropriation.
It occurs to me, Mr. Chairman, that it may be
possible—perhaps only possible—that the design
is to*reduce this appropriation, and thus narrow
and confine th*f navy-yard at Philadelphia, so that
the friends of the League Island project may, on
some subsequent day of this session, declare with
some truth that so circumscribed are the limits of
the present navy-yard at Philadelphia that it is
absolutely necessary to sell the old yard, and ap-
propriate money to make a new one on League
Island. If that is the idea, I am clearly of the opin-
ion that we should meet it right heie at the thresh-
old, and make the old yard of sufficient capacity
to meet the requirements of the service. I make
this suggestion in good faith; and, unless I hear
something further, I shall vote to retain this ap-
propriation.
Mr. STEVENS. I mean to say, so far as I am
concerned, that I offer this amendment for the pur-
pose of preventing an improper appropriation of
money. I cannot, of course, speak for others; but
I do not think this is any jnovement whatever in
regard to League Island. So far as I am con-
cerned it is wholly independent of all such Con-
siderations.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Of course I did
not intend to impute any motive to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania of the kind I have indicated;
nor do 1 know that it exists anywhere. I know
that his only object, of course, is to save the
money of the country, in the supposition and be-
lief that $50,000 will be amply sufficient to make
this navy-yard equal to the wants of the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would ask my col-
league if he knows what is the present situation of
League Island, and if he does not know that the
I Secretary of the Navy, in defiance of all law, has
been mak ing contracts and having work performed
with a view to the establishment of a navy-yard
there ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I can hardly
answer my colleague's question further than to
say that I am told they have been boring for the
last few months on League Island and have not
yet found bottom. [Laughter.] I do not know
how that is.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I supposed from the
fact that a few days ago the Senate deemed it
necessary to pass a resolution forbidding any ac-
tion on the part of the Secretary of the Navy in
that regard, that something of the kind had been
done, and that he was endeavoring to steal this
League Island navy-yard on the country without
the action of Congress.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have no knowl-
edge on the subject, nor have I any feeling in this
matter.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I have prepared and now
desire to offer an amendment to theamendmpnt of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I offer it as a
substitute for his. It is as follows: in line one
hundred and fifty-eight strike outdock; dredg-
ing;" and also from and including the word " and"
in said line to the end of the paragraph, and insert
" $.28,800," so as to make the clause read, " for
repairs of all kinds, $28,800."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
whether, in his judgment, the appropriation that
he now asks for by his amendment is ample and
abundant to put the navy-yard at Philadelphia in
such a condition that it will not be necessary to
make a new navy-yard at League Island r
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will say what I desire
to say in support of this amendment as briefly as
I can. The navy-yard at Philadelphia is not suf-
ficient now, nor would the addition of the two lots
proposed to be purchased make it a d«cent navy-
