96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
3*7™ CONG....3D SEPS.
French Interference hi Mexico—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
of the Government of his Majesty the emperor, to demand
the pure and simple acceptance by Mexico—
"Art. 1. Mexico engages to pay France a sum of
f 12,000.000, at which auiount are calculated the total
retich demands consequent upon events which have oc-
curred up to July la«t, with the exceptions stipulated in
articles two and tour below. As regards those events which
Jiave taken place sance the 31st ot' July la&t, and of which
a special reset vatiou is here made, the amount of the claims
against Mexico, to which they may give rise, will be fixed
hereafter by the plenipotentiaries of France.
"Art. 2. The sums *mli due under the convention of
1853, which are not included in article one above, shall be
paid to the rightful claimants in the-form and allowing the
terms of payment stipulated in the said convention of 1853.
"Art. 3. Mexico --hall be held to the full, loyal, and im-
mediate execution of the conuact concluded in the month
of February, 1859, betweun the Mexican Government and
the firm of Jecker."
That is, they shall be held to a full and imme-
diate payment of$15,000,000, for which Miramon
had only received $750,000, by a fraudulent con-
tract between himself, the French minister, and
Jecker.
"Art. 4. Mexico is pledged to the immediate payment
of the $11,000 lorrmng the balance of the indemnity winch
was e-tipulaied tor in favor of the widow and children of M.
Ricke, vice consul of France at Tepic, assassinated in Oc-
tober, 1859.
"The Mexican Government shall further, and accoidmg
to the obligation alieady conttaeted by them, depuve ot his
rank and appointment*, and punish m an exemplaiy milli-
ner, Colonel Ro]a«, one ot the as&asslus. ol M. Kieke, with
the express condition that Rojhm f-hall not again he invented
with any employment,command, orpubltc functions what-
soever. •
"Art 5. The Mexican Goveiumentalso cnuages to search
out and to punish the author'? of the numctrum murdeid
commuted upon Frenchmen, and especially the murderers
of M. Davesne."
Observe, itis stated generally," numerous mur-
ders."
" Art. 6. The authors of the attacks commuted on the
14th oi August l.i-n against the minister ol the empeioi, and
of the outi.ejes to winch the lepicscntative of Fiance ha^
been exposed in tin; fust part of the month ol iVovembei,
1861, shall be subjected to exemplaiy punishment : and the
Mexican Government shall be bound |o aftoid t<> Fiance
and toiler representative the lepaiatlon and satisfaction due
by icasoii of these deploiable cxce^cs."
No such attack had, in fact, been made. They
deal in general terms, and the reason why they
deal in geneinl terms is more patent from an ex-
amination of all the various provisions of this ulti-
matum:
" Art 7. tn order to in«ure the execution of the above
articles five and six, and the punishment toi all the out-
rages which have been or which may be committed against
the poi.ion-i of Fienehmen tending in the republic, the
minister ol Fiance >.ball always have the rmhtot being
present, whatever iii«  case at i> m\ ami by such icpieseui-
Htive as he may designate ioi that pm pose, at all ptocecd-
ing-; instituted by the euminal eouiN of the country.
u Ti>e minister shall poi-ios-s the same light with regard
to all cumhml pro.sccuuon* instituted against Ium country-
men, "
.No criminal coin t can sit in Mexico for nil time
to come without a rejiie.sentntive of the Fiem-li
Government on the bench. This is worse than the
Austrians in Venelia.
"Art ft The indemnities stipulated in the present ulti
matum shall hear a legal annual intc of mteicst of six per
cent., to date honi the 11 th oi July last and uuni their com-
ph'te puvment.
''Art. 9 A* a guarantee for the accomplishment ot the
financial and othci conditions laid down in the piesent
ultimatum, Fiance shall h;ive the nytit of occupying the
ports of Vera <'iU7,, of Tampieo, and viidi othei poit- oi
the republic as s-he shall think tit; and ot theie establish
ing connni-si( ners designated by the imperial Government,
whose duty a shall in to take < aie that tho-e Poweis winch
have a legal claim shall iceetve sin h tuiids a«" aie to be
levied toi then benefit on the ptoduce of the maiitune cus-
tom house< of Mexico, in fill til I men i of the foieign conven-
tions. and that French agents shall receive tbo&e sum*
uhich aie due to Fiauec."
That is, France may occupy every port of
Mexico.
"The commissioner^ in question shall, besides, lie in-
vented with the powei of reducing, eithci bv one halfot in
a small"i piopoi lion. a< rouliug as Uie\ nia\ judge advisa-
ble, the duties at pre-i nt levied m the ports oi {he tcpubhe ''
That is, they may i educe the duties to a nom-
inal sum, postpone the payment of this debt foi-
ever, hold Mexico m a soi t of peon age, command-
ing ail her sea-ports, and, in fact, having her in
absolute possession.
 ' It is expressly understood that merchandise which has
already paid linpoit duty shall in no ease, and on no pro-
text whatsoever, be subjected by the t-upivme Government,
oi by the State authorities, to anv additional customs duty,
inland or otherwit-e. exceeding the proportion of fifteen per
cent on tiic duties paid on importation.M
That is, France, hav ing seized on all revenue
derived fjom duties on imports, prevents Mexico
from imposing any internal revenue on whatever
foreign goods may be introduced, and can at her
will break down all Mexican manufacturers.
"Art. 10. All measures which shall be judged necessary
for regulating the apportionment among the parties inter-
ested of the sums levied upon the produce of the customs,
as well as the manner and the periods of the payment of
the indemnities above stipulated, as also for guarantying
the execution of the conditions of the present ultimatum
shall be framed in conceit with the plenipotentiaries of
France, England, and'Spam."
This shows the character of that French faith
in which it seems our minister at Paris and our
Government here have so implicitly trusted. With
such a demand insisted upon by the Fiench*Gov~
ernment, and which is used only to drive off the
allies,and is not even presented to Mexico; with
such perfidy not only exhibited toward Mexico,
but also toward ourselves, what may we not an-
ticipate fiom France. We can anticipate nothing
less than war. I insist that she is waging sub-
stantive war upon us now. It requires less than
a prophet to predict open war the moment France
has completed the required preparations for the
onslaught.
Mr. President, I think I may be permitted to
say that it is somewhat strange we should be found
furnishing facilities to France to aid her in subju-
gating Mcxico, while, at the same time, we have
denied to Mexico like facilities, f do not under-
stand it. It is said Mexico wants arms; France
transportation. We cannot afford to part with
arms. Let me ask, does not this Government re-
quire transportation as much as arms? If 1 am
correctly informed, we have quite as'great a de-
mand for mules as for muskets to carry on our
operations against the rebels.
fjefore proceeding fut ther, however, in connec-
tion witti the French ultimatum, I will refer to the
Ulue Book fot a let tut fioni Earl Cowley, at Pans,
to Lord Russell, as to how the claims on Mexico
were to be adjusted. It is of a piece with the ul-
timatum. Repeating his conversation with M.
Thouvenel, Eail Cowley says:
(% His excellency [M Thouvenel] took this? occasion to
say that he could not consent to the appointment of a
mixed commission, ns had been suggested at one of the
conferences at Veui t'lu?., tombit'ate upon the d< mauds of
the tin eo Governments; but he could not be avei>e to a dio-
pos/il emnnaiingfioin M. do Saltgny, fhutaFtenehcomnus-
sion, consisting of the French sceieuuy ot legation, the
Fiench consul at Vera Ciuz, and a French met chant, should
decide upon the meats of French claimants. If, after ln-
epiuy, it should be found that the ablegate amount ot claim's
admitted by that commission was less than $i-i,0i>0.U00,of
couis-e that sum would be diminished m piopomon "
The $12,000,000 of claims were not to he in-
ferred to any mixed commission, as an English
and a Fiench commission forexample,butto iliiee
persons named: the secretary of Minister Suhg-
ny, who had been mixed up m these claims, tho
French consul at Vera Ciuz, under his control,
and a French merchant also under his control.
This was the way in which justice was to be ad-
ministered to Mexico at the point of French bay-
onets.
" f asked M. Thouvenel why M. do Saligny «hould nor
pm sue the cotn.se adopted by Sn Chaiies W\ ke in hts pio-
ject ol ultimatum, and be satisfied with an engagement on
the part of the Mexican Govct tnneni that all jti-t elanji- not
vet sent in should be paid it must be admitted that M.
ThouveneFs answer admit-; with difficulty ot reply. What
tehance, he asked, could be pi,iced m any engagements of
the kind al'tei the cxpeuenee which the nlhe-: had had of
Mexican taith ? ttiu f obsei ved von must m some wa\ or
other Oust a Mexican Government, tor you do not suppose
that the counti v is itch enough to p.iv oil'at on< call the dc
mands alieady made upon it, to eav nothing of tho.-e which
you have m store. Do you mean to remain there until
every failhitig «liail have been paid? Our conversation
terminated by M Tbonveneiob-oivinir. that while the Gov-
ernment^ were diseu-sing at home, events were maielunn
in Me.xico, ami that it was vei v difficult to «end instinct ions
ielating to matters which had ot eui i >-d two months beiote
the comment-* on them could be icad.''
This discussion is too plain to afford room for
com me tit.
The charge d'affaires of Mexico in Washing-
ton, m complaining to our Government of the
attitude and eoiuse of this Government toward
Fiance and Mexico, is informed by our Secretary
that he was not advised that war existed between I
France and Mcxico. I desiie to call the attention
of the Senate to a letter written more than a year ;
since by our minister at London to Mr. Seward, i
Mr. Adams writes:
"You will donbtlps^ have bad your attention drawn be-
fore this time to the couise which the Mexican interven-
tion is taking. On the reception of the news of the landing
of the Spanish force and its occupation of Vera Cruz, the
announcement is made of the outfit of a French torce de-
signed to follow up the advantage. It is no longer con-
cealed that the intention is to advance to the capital, and
to establish a firm Government, wvth the consent of the peo-
ple, at that place. But who are meant by that term does
not appear. This issue is by no means palatable to the
Governmenthere, though it is difficult to imagine that they
could have been blind to it. Feeble numnuis of discon-
tent are heard, but they will scarcely be Jikolyto count for
much in the facc of the obligation undej which the action
of the emperor in the Trent case ha* placed them. The
military occupation will go on, and will not cease with tiie
limits now assigned to it. It is not difficult to understand
the nature of the fulcrum thus obtained loi opeiation* in a
new and a difFeient quaitei, should the occasion bo made
to u?-e it. The expedition to the city of Mexico may not
stop until it shows itself in the beau of the Louisiana pur-
chase."
This letter was certainly a word of warning to
our Secretary. The English Blue Book, to which
the Secretary must have had access, shows that
the French authorities regarded itas war from (he
time of the landing at Vera Cruz. This they have
long since avowed. The letter of the minister is
full of warning' as to what is French policy. It
would be well if Senators would carefully con-
sider the substance of this letter. What with him
was opinion has already proved to be fact, to the
extent of the attempt by French officials, the rep-
resentatives of the French Government, to obtain
Texas by negotiation, with the Texan authori-
ties in rebellion. The letter of our minister has
the sound of different metal from the reply of our
Secretary, who says:
" I shall carefully observe the progress of affairs in Mex-
ico. If, indeed, our own Union vveie likely to fall, and the
southern poitton of the United States were to p tss uruler a
fiuiopean protectorate, we could have s-mall gtouud to hope
that wc could save Mexico fiom Euiopean recouquest and
subjugation "
Again, taking counsel of his fears:
<k But with reassurances of our own safety, comes lip to
us an abfOlute confidence that nopait o( the continent will
lose lepubiican institutions and self government."
This is a strange letter in the presence of the
warning of Mr. Adams and the facts already de-*
veloped in Mexico. That Franco designed the
establishment of a monarchy in Mexico was un-
derstood in diplomatic circles throughout Euiope,
and was common tea-table gossip throughout the
United States. K had been particularly stated in
the English Parliament, and wa«? not in tetms
denied anywhere. I have before mo a work, enti-
tled " Mexico in 1861-62," by Mr. Lempneie, an
English gentleman, m which is quoted a pan of
a debate m Parliament on this subject. This
subject is one that may be debated in the British
Parliament, but not in the American Senate. In
the House of Commons, Mi .Fitzgerald t e marked:
" Had her Majesty's Government no warning of those
view-; being held by tho Fiench Governnient ? M. Thou-
venel, in one of his dispatebe-, said : ' We do not wish to
interieie ; but we think that the pie<ence ot out totce- there
will i,nve ill,it moial saippoi t to the inonatchical lee! tug which
we b< lieve toc\ift,and that thete will be a chance and
oppoitumty foi the establishment of a new and regenemted
Government.' "
Mr. Fitzgerald js complaining that before the
treaty of London England was advised of the
policy of Fiance to establish a monarchy, at least
to reorganize the Government in Mexico. He
goes on to say:
" It was idle to say, when Almonte xva* constantly com-
ing to this eountrv, and communicating with the Govern-
ment and with public bodies., and aitoi the language of M.
Thouvenel—it w:in idle to say that the Government had
not a distinct wanting that it was the intention of the
French Government to inteilere in tlieintern.il affaus of
Mexico, and possibly to establish a new toi in of Govern-
ment."
I will now leave the question as to what this
Government should have known, and return to
tho subject of Fiench faith, as I wish there to be
no misnndeistandmg as to the facts upon which
I rest my conclusions. I have before me a letter
from Admiral Dunlop wtitten to Vice Admiral
Sir A. Milne, under date of March 4, 1862, a por-
tion of which 1 will read.
u Sir: With reference to a letter to you from the Secre-
tary of the Admiralty, lelntive to a large party in Mexico
being in iavot o! a monarchical town ot government, and that
there is an intention of calling the Aichduke Fcidinand
Maximilian to the thione, f have the honoi to tnfoini you
that the -subject having been mentioned to me by Vice
Admu.il fuiiett de Ja Gtavieie, when 1 first met him at
Havana, I have taken eveiy mearw in mv power to a-eer-
tain whethei there aie any good giounds toi supposing that
any influential pnity m Me.xico is in favor ot a monarchy,
and the uifotmation I have obtained fiom the best sources
within my reach leads me to suppose that the only party in
