748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
yard. It never was intended for a navy-yard in
the outset, and it has only been used at a very
great disadvantage, because it seemed to be neces-
sary to have some facilities in a place of that de-
scription for building and repairing vessels. With-
out these two lots the navy-yaid is much the
smallest one in the country, and is entirely too
small for any navy-yard that is used as a con-
structing yard. There is neither room for the
storage of materials nor for the building of vessels.
Even if the two lots were added to it, it would riot
then be such a liavy-yard as the country requires
there.
Now, I move to strike out everything in this
appropriation except what is estimated for re-
pairs. I find, on turning to the estimates, that
that sum is $28,000. I propose this amendment
entirely irrespective of the question as to League
Island, 011 the merits of which 1 have never under-
taken to say anything, and as to the purchase or
non-purchase of which I care nothing. I have
never voted ill favor of it, and it is not very likely
that I now shail. That, however, I can determine
when the question comes up. 1 speak in reference
alone to the propriety of my amendment, without
being troubled one way or the other about the ^
question as to a new navy-yard. 1 do not sup- .
pose that it would be valuable to purchase these
lots. 1 therefore move to strike out the whole
appropriation, except for the ordinary repairs of
the yard.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, ami it was agreed to. [
The question recui red on the amendment as ;
amended, and it was agreed to. :
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend by in- |
selling after the item for Saekeit's harbor, as fol- j
lows:  
Navy-yard. Norloil::
For repair* of drj dock and pump^ aii'l general re pairs,
$85,000.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, wo have no
estimates at all for this expenditure. We have
had no call from the Department lor it. It seems
to me that wo are dealing very liberally in this
bill. We have already added about u million of j
dollars to the estimates.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Chairman, in regard
to tins amendment, I have to say that it is re-
commended by the. chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, and on this ground, as I understand:
The dry dock at the Norfolk navy-yard was in-
jured by the blowing up of the wall to which the
gates are attached. That can be repaired. The
rest of the dock is in perfect oider. Diuing the
last year our vessels have been repaired at Foi-
tress Monroe to a very great disad\nntage. The
repair and use of this dock would savu the ne-
cessity of sending numerous vessels for repairs
to the Brooklyn yard. It is not proposed to re-
construct the navy-yard there at all, but merely
to put the dry dock and pumps into condition.
The machinery necessary for repairing- vessels
has been already removed to a building, the only
one not destroyed there. So that if you should
blow up this dock at the end of the war, you
would have saved money by the repairing and
usni£ of it duiing the wai.
Mr. MAYNARD. i ask the gentleman from
New York whether it is proposed 10 resuscitate
the Gosport navy-yard, so i\s to make it a place
of rest and repair foi vessels during* the present
war ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes, during the present
war;_so far as to lit it for the repair of vessels.
It wifl unquestionably save the sending of numer-
ous vessels to the Brooklyn yard. It is not pro"-
posed, and if it were, I would not advocate it, to
reconstruct the Norfolk navy-y^rd. I hope that
it will remain in its present condition for a great
many years.
Mr. M A.YN ARD. Then I understand that this
is recommended by the Naval Committee as a war
measure simply.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The matter has not been
re.fenedatali to the Naval Committee. The House
did not choose to refer the naval appropriation
bill to it. I propose the amendment at the re-
quest of the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks.
Mr. MAYNARD. I supposed the gentleman
from New York was acting as chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs in recommending this
amendment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. No, sir; the bill has not
been before the Naval Committee for its consider-
ation.
Mr. F. A. CONKLINOr. I would like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
whether he has any information as to the precise
cost of these improvements?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The estimate of the chief
of the Bureau of Yaids and Docks is $85,000 for
repairing the dock, putting the pumps in order,
and putting the building which was not burned
in a condition to receive the machinery necessary
for repairs.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. I heard, with some
degree of surprise, the amount which it is pro-
posed to appropriate for this purpose. Having
been at the Gosport navy-yard last summer, and
having examined particularly the injury to this
dry dock, I was led to believe that a much less
sum would suffice for that.object. It is true, I
have but little practical acquaintance with the sub-
ject of making dry docks; butfiom the very slight
injury inflicted on that work by the attempt to
blow up the gates, (and it was to that object alone,
( &o far as I could observe, that the efforts of the
destructionists were directed,) I was led to sup-
pose that probably one fourth of this sum would
suffice to repair the dock. As to the engines for
pumping out the dock, I cannot conceive that any-
thing like the amount of the other three fourths
would be required.
! The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend by in-
serting as follows:
Not folk: •
For the support and lonairofthe naval hospital at Norfolk
foi the rcmaimii i oi the cut rent fiscal year, and tor the year
18ti:S-G 1, $B.o00.
Mound <'itv :
Foi supporting hospital, repaiis, rent, and furniture at
Mound City, Illinois, $17,500.
I ask to have some letters from the Department
rend.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Navy Department, December 21. 1862.
Pin: J have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a
communication from the chief ot the Bureau of Yards and
Dock-, dared the I9;h mutant, repicscntingthe neees>rt\ or
appropriations foi the naval hospitals at Norfolk, Virginia,
and Mound Citv, Illinois.
Very icspeettuiiv. your obedient servant,
GIDEON WEbLES,
Secretary of the Naiy.
Hon. o. b. Sedgwick, Chaiiman of the Committee on
Naval Jljfaiis, of ike House of Rejireicnlutives.
Navy Department,
Huread of Yards and Docks, Dec. 19, 1802.
Fir; Tin: Huieau of Medicine and f ui^cry .i*ks that ad-
ditional npnt opinions bo made for the ho.->pual<fllPp<irtment,
as absolutely indispensable, owing to the ineieased force
on the western rivers and tlx* increased number of men,
namely : Foi the Mtppoi t and icp.ui- of the Navy hospital at
Noiiol'k, for the balance of the current fiscal year 16152-63,
and for the year IFG.Mii, $J8,f>00.
For support o( lio-pnrtl. n-pair*, rent, and fumilute at
Mound City. Illinois, $17,500.
This hospital at Mound City was not established when
the estimates for the current and next fiscal vear were made,
j request that Cowrie^a may bo requer-ted to add thc&>c ea-
timates to the amount of estimate* now hefoie it.
I have the honor to be, with great rctpeet.\onr obedient
servant, JO.-;. SMIT11.
lion. Gideo* i.les, Secretary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
3VIr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend by in-
serting after the item for the Washington navy-
yard, the following:'
riovided, That hereafter the salary of the civil engineer
at the Washington navy-yard shall be $2,000 a year; and
the salary of the eivrl engineer of the Buieau of Yards and
Docks shall be {$^,000 a year.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 should like to know
what the, present salaries of these officers are.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Exactly the same, only
reversed. The engineer of the navy-yard has
$3,0U0, and the engineer of the bureau ^2,000.
The engineer of the bureau of Yards and Docks
has to go down to the yard to do the duty of the
other.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to have the
recommendation of the proper Department read.
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 had a conversation with
the chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, who
desires that this change may be made.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. CALVERT, I move to amend by insert-
ing after the clause for the Naval School, the fol-
lowing:
ProvideJ, That no portion of the money appiopriatedby
this act shall be used for the pay and support of the&eventv-
six nnd&hipmen illegally appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy.
I suppose, Mr. Chairman, that all the members
of the House are aware of the usurpation exer-
cised by the Secretary of the Navy during the last
recess of Congress. He undertook to appoint
seventy-six midshipmen to the Naval Academy
in defiance of the law on your statute-book re-
garding these appointments. One section of that
law provides that no appointmentof midshipman,
acting midshipman, or pupil at any naval school
shall be made except recommended by the mem-
ber of Congress representing the districtm which
the applicant resides, in the same manner that
cadets at West Point arc appointed. If the Sec-
retary asked or got the recommendation of any
member I am not aware of it. I see that six were
recommended by one Senator, and six recom-
mended by a civilian in Massachusetts. I see that
the six New England States have more thaPH one
appointee for each of their Representatives on this
floor in the next Congress. I find that the mid-
dle States have about the half of a midshipman for
each member, and that the gi eat West, with ninety
members, has had only thirteen of these appoint-
ments. The State of Kentucky has not one mem-
ber, and so of many others. I believe the State
of Indiana has not one. Now, sir,"as tfte same
thing hns been taken up in the oilier end of the
Capitol, and the Senate have, if I am not mista-
ken, condemned this conduct of the Secretary, I
think we should take some dccidcd action in ref-
erence to it.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman has mentioned New
England as having more than its proportion; let
i nre say that the State of Maine has but one, and
that upon the recommendation of a Massachusetts
gentleman.
Mr. BIDDLE. And I can sa.y the same thing
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As thfc gentleman from
Maryland -seems to be posted upon this subjcct,
let me ask him how many Illinois has?
Mr. CALVERT. Two.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Yes, sir, two; and Illi-
nois the fourth State of the Union!
Mr. CALVERT. Ohio, also, has but two.
Mr. DAWES. As we are all making confes-
sions, I ask the gentleman from Maryland to per-
mit me to make one. Three of these appointments
have got into my district, without, however,any
knowledge upon my part. I find that they were
recommended by New York men.
Mr. CALVERT. And two have got into my
district in the same way.
Mr. DAWES. I go with my friend from
Maryland in this mallei.
Mr. BiDDLE. I sec that the student who
conies from the Berks district oi Pennsylvania
was appointed upon the recommendation of Mr.
Sumner of the Senate, and Mr. Eliot of the
House.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. I ask the gentleman to
permit me to make a statement.
Mr. CALVERT. Kentucky has no appoint-
ment at all, and therefore the gentleman can have
no explanation to make.
Mr. WICICLIFFE made a statement relative
to applications for appointments in his district;
which, owing to the contusion in the Hall, was
inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order: that it is utteily impossible m this
section of the Hall to understand a word that is
going on.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order. [Great laughter.]
Mr. CALVERT. I have hero a list showing
the number appointed fiom each State, which I
will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Maine, 1 ; IIampslme,43 : Vermont,,.!; Massachu-
setts i:i; Rhode Island, 3; Connecticut^; New York, 16;
New Jersey, none ; Pennsylvania, 10; Delaware, 2 ; Mary-
land,2; Vngrnia, 1; K>ntuek\, none ; Tcnncbteo, none;
Miteftouii, 3 s'Ohio, '2 ; Illinois 2; Indiana, none ; Iowa, 6;
Minnesota, none ; Diatnet of Columbia, 1 ; at large, 3.
Mr. STEVENS. I as>k the gentleman from
Maryland, who seems to understand this matter,
to inform us whether the Secretary of the Navy
gave any notice that he was going to make these
