98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February Z,
3?th Cong..'..3d Sess.
French Interference in Mexico—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
from our harbor, had been chartered, and was near-
ly ready for sea, when the American Government
seized her. The Mexican vice consul was arrested
and tried before the United States district court
for a violation of the neutrality laws. The French
consul,Dillon,was subpenaed to appear before the
judge of the United States district court. lie re-
fused to appear and give his testimony. The judge
issued his warrant or writ of attachment against
his person to bring him before the court; and the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
will remember how fiercely Monsieur Sartiges
fought out with Mr. Secretary Marcy the indig-
nity claimed to have been heaped on the Govern-
ment of France, because it had been sought to
make Dillon a witness concerning an expedition
of which he had been the master spirit. 11 is true
France repudiated that m her public journals, but
those persons who then lived in the country, and
who understood the records of the courts of jus-
tice of the day, know that the reverse of those
French statements was the truth; that it was an
expedition gotten up to take Sonora by the French
Government, using the same force that had been
sent out originally from the Garde Mobile to rev-
olutionize and take possession of California. Of
the whole force, only about three hundred French-
men were on board the ship Challenge at the time
of her seizure. This party only sailed. Our Gov-
ernment had acted deficiently in maintaining her
neutrality laws to that extent in this instance.
And here I must with sadness allude to the
action of our Government of that time, which
allows of a suspicion that even then treason was
lurking in the hearts of men high in place and
power. Mr. Jefferson Davis was then Secretary
of War. The vigorous action of General Wool
against the breakers of the law of neutrality was
disapproved by the Secretary, and he was so ham-
pered by the contradictory action of the War De-
partment that his power for wholesome action
in the matter wns nearly destroyed. The Chal-
lenges stole from the harbor of Sun Francisco while
De Raoussot-Boulbon was under surveillance by
the military authorities. Further recruiting for
the expedition was abandoned,uud subsequently
tin- leader, taking advantage of a a to tin, escaped
on a small vessel, and after a long and severe voy-
agejoined his battalion in Guayamas,Sonora. At
that time General Yaflez was military eommand-
£i 11! of the Mexican foices in Sonoia. A patnotic
moil, he was opposed to the projects of Santa
Anna, and, while he obeyed the order of the etm-
tial power to receive the French troops under
Colonel IV llaousset-Boulbon, he carefully ab-
stained, on the one hand, from assigning them to
any separate duty apnit from the Mexican sol-
diers, and, on the other hand, he caused them to
be promptly paid every week to prevent any pre-
texts for mutiny. De Raous.sct found himself,
therefore, confined to pei loi iniug gau isou duty in
a sea-poi t town, instead of holding an independent
command in the sparsely populated interior, where
he could easily consummate hm plans of conquest.
The battalion remained inactive week after week,
the colonel applying almost daily for orders. But
the Mexican general maintained his policy, treat-
ing the French commander with all the respect
due to his £iade, and issuing orders to him and
lu's troops in connection with the native olHceis
and soldieis. Finally Do Raousset demanded that
he (should be furnished with artillery and sent to
the frontier. The general quietly informed him
liiat, when he desired his semces on the frontier
lie would gi\e him his orders and prescribe his
armaments. I lopeless of success by other means,
so long as Yafiez held command in Sonora, De
Raousset-Boulbon boldly mutinied, sei/.ed two
pieces of ai tillei y,cuid attempted to take possession
of the place. His soldiers, almost to a man, fought
desperately under his orders, but after a severe
conflict the Mexican tioops, with the assistance
of the local militia, tiiumphed, and the count sur-
rendered himself and party as prisoners, he nobly
refusing to make teimsfor himself, but providing
that his soldiers should be well treated and sent
out of the country. He was condemned and shot
at Guayamas, on the 12th of August, 1854, and
his men were soon sent back to California by the
Mexican Government.
Thus ended, disastrously, the second attempt
of France for the conquest of northwestern Mex-
ico, which she is now attempting with larger and
more certain means, and in a more direct man-
ner.
The consul, Dillon, whose particular business
it had been for many years to supei intend French
interests on the Pacific, was now withdrawn from
San Francisco and made consul general of the
West Indies. The Isthmus of Tehuantepec, a
canal through Nicaragua, and a more direct move-
ment upon Mexico, induced the French Emperor
to change the base of his operations from the Pa-
cific to the Gulf of Mexico. France had determ-
ined to control Mexico. The idea of a Frcnch-
Austrian monarchy may have been an after-
thought. The skillful and fraudulent diplomacy
of France deceived England and Spain into a par-
tial cooperation, and deceived this Government
into a polite if not submissive acquiescence. It
would seem that with all her cunning arts and
disciplined arms France has thus far failed. If it
is true, as reported, that the French troops have
been twice defeated, and the French fleet driven
from the little port of Acapulco, perhaps it may
prove wise for the ambitious emperor to consider
whether or not, while he is endeavoring to subju-
gate the free people of Mexico, his own people
may not undertake to subjugate him. Still, it
may be true that now, in the face of defeat, he
will not dare abandon his enterprise; we, indeed,
are informed that fifteen thousand of the Imperial
Guard, the choicest troops of France, are ordered
out as reinforcements. The city of the Monte-
zumas is nevertheless still in the distance; and I
trust that long before its streets and palaces eie
commanded by French artillery, if Mexico nee-s
aid, she may receive sufficient aid from this Re-
public.
This question of our duty to render efficient aid
to Mexico is no mere question ofthe Monroe doc-
tiine. If the rule laid down by Mr. Monioe in his
messages of December 1823 and 1824 is a wise and
just one, demanded by a just consideration both
of our rights and interests, it follows by a much
stronger reason that the duty is now devolved upon
this Government to protest against and, if neces-
sary, to resist by force of arms the extension of the
power and policies of Franco, with the monarch-
ical institutions of Europe, over the neighboring
republic of Mexico.
There has been much dispute of late years as to
the extent of the Monroe doctrine, and exactly as
to what condition of facts it applies. In 185G it
was claimed to apply to the afiaiis of Central
America by some of our public men; by others
it was denied; but the doctrine as laid down and
applied by Mr. Monroe lias become established
law, not disputed on this continent, and it has
from time to time been acquiesced in by the prin-
cipal States of Europe.
The Spanish American States had achieved a
successful revolution,and established in the place
of Spanish rule republican institutions. The al-
liance of European Powers, known as the Iloly
Alliance, looked to the maintenance of legitimacy
everywhere, and claimed the " undoubted right
to take a hostile attitude in regard to those States,
in which the overthrow of the Government may
operate as an example." The recovery of the
revolted colonies of Spain was embraced in the
scope of their determination; and in 1823 theConde
de Ofalia, Spanish minister of foreign affairs, ad-
dressed a circular letter to the Courts of Paris,
St. Petersburg, and Vienna, in the name of his
" august master,'5 inviting a conference at Paris,
to the end that the allies might aid his Catholic
Majesty "in adjusting the affairs of the revolted
countries of America." To this conference Great
Britain was invited, but declined in most unequiv-
ocal terms.
President Monroe, in his message in 1823,
speaking ofthe Spanish American colonies, whose
independence we had already recognized, remarks:
k* We owe it to candoi ami to the amicable relations ex •
i>tu g between the United States and those Powers (allies)
to declare that we --lioiihi consider any attempt on their part
to extend then -*y<tem to :iny portion of tins hemisphere as
dangerous to oui pence and safety. With the existing col-
oniox m dependencies of any European Power we have not
lnteitWed, and shall not interfere; but with the Govern-
ments who have declared their independence, and main-
tained it, and whose independence we have,on gieat, con-
sideration, and on just principles, acknowledged, we could
not view any interposition for the purpose oi oppressing
them, or continuing in any other manner then b\
any Euiopean Power, in any other light than as a mani-
festation of an unfriendly disposition toward the United
States."
In the same message, the President further
remarks:
" It is impossible that the allies shouM extend their po-
litical system to any portion ot either continent (North or
South America) without endangering our peace and happi-
ness." * * * * "It is equally Impossible,
therefore, that we should behold such interposition in any
form with indifference."
Again, in his message of 1824, President Mon-
roe, speaking of the Spanish American States,
remarks:
" But in regard to our neighbors our situation is different.
It is impossible for the European Governments to interfere
in their concerns, especially in those alluded to, which are
vital, without affecting u<?; indeed, the motive which might
induce such interference in tiie present state of tiie war be-
tween the parties, if a war it may be called, would appear
to be equally applicable to us."
The last expression I quote is the same in sub-
stance with the warning given by our Minister at
London, Mr. Adams, and which I have already
quoted. It is the same principle and doctrine
maintained by the succeeding Administration of
President Adams, in the correspondence with the
French Government to which I have also referred,
and the full justice of which was then admitted
by France.
As a complement to the quotations I have made
from President Monroe, I will read a scrap of his-
tory from the North American Review, for April,
1856. The writer has been referring to the period
when Spain had applied to the allies for their
cooperation in recovering the revolted Spanish
American colonies:
" At this juncture of events, and just before the annual
opening of the English Parliament, the message of Presi-
dent Monroe arrived in Europe, and by its well-weighed
and explicit language on Spanish American afiaiis, coupled
with the refusal of England to take part in the proposed
congress, £ effectually put an end to the project of assem-
bling one similar lo those which had inet at Vienna, Aix-
lu-Chapelle, L.iybach, and Veiona.' Such, at least, is the
testimony of Mr. Staplctou, in his {Political Life ofthe
Right Honorable George Canning.' Mr. Brougham, in his ad-
dress on the king's specch at the openingof the parliament-
ary session on February 3,1824, ipoke of the arrival in Eu-
rope of President Monroe's message a§ an event by which
' the question with regard to South America, he believed,
was disposed of, or nearly so,andthan which no eventhad
ever dispersed greater joy, exultation, and gratitude, over
all the freemen ot Europe.5 At a later day in the same ses-
sion, on the 18th of Maich, Lord John Russell contrasted
lt^ 1 decided language' with the fluctuating policy of the
Jhitish ministry as represented at Verona."
The policy indicated by Mr. Monroe has con-
tinued to be the fixed, uniform, and unbending
policy and law of conduct of this Government
down to the time of the movement of the allies
under the treaty at London and the present French
movement. The political necessity of adhering to
it has not been.disputed in this country, while its
wisdom has been admitted and commended as
well in Europe as America.
Is it radical weakness in our Government; is it
want of will in those who administer our Govern-
ment; is it because we are weaker to maintain a
policy than we were forty years ago; is itbecause
we cannot, should not, or will not, that we seem
to ignore the wisdom and experience of the past
and yield a cardinal doctrine approved, and well
approved, for near one half a century?
I see no radical weakness in the Government;
we arc stronger now for foreign war than wc were
forty years ago. Wc can lend all the aid required
to maintain the integrity and independence of
Mexico. In 1823,the rloly All lanee, the combined
strength of the continental Powers of Europe,
threatened interference. Wc firmly advised them,
in substance, " then you are at war with us." All
Europe paused, and then abandoned the projected
enterprise. France now stands alone; and I under-
take to say, that if all continental Euiope was
now combined in the common purpose of subju-
gating Mexico, and placing a Em-opcan priiice
upon the Mexican tlnone, with all our domestic
difficulties upon our shoulders, we still are strong
enough to maintain ourselves and Mexico. Our
difficulties do not change the rule of our duty, nor
relieve us from resisting, to the extremity of most
! sanguinary war, the oveithrow of a republic on
| our borders by the arms of a European potentate,
| and the establishment in its place of a European
| monaichy. Let those who, taking counsel of
1 their fears, and having the power to act in this
