1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOE
101
S^TH CoNa.... 3D SBSS.
Ship Canals—Mr. Riddle.
Ho. of Rips.
SHIP CANALS.
SPEECH OP HON. A. G. RIDDLE,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1863,
On the bill to construct a ship canal for thcpassage of armed
and naval vessels from the Mississippi river to Lake
Michigan, &c.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, I know the im-
potence of words, even when the burdened carriers
of great arguments, to change the convictions of
men whose conclusions grow out of a settled pur-
pose and are imbedded in an unhearing prejudice.
And I employ them now only to vindicate, to
my own judgment, a great measure that has not
received the consideration from this House that
it is entitled to. I am amazed that it receives from
gentlemen not manly opposition, not argument,
not logic, not facts, but bold denunciation, meas-
ureless misrepresentation, and slobbering balder-
dash. Who authorized the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] to speak for Ohio, who with
such a flourish Haunted a soiled rag of a newspaper
in our faces, as if to remind my colleagues and my-
self that the Legislature of our State had spoken.
Sir, Ohio will select her own organs, and we will
answer to her without the officious aid of any med-
dler from anywheie. I knew, sir, that the mem-
bers of the Ohio Legislature, for want of something
else to do, had tequested my colleagues and my-
self on this floor, and had instructed our colleagues
in the Senate, to oppose this measure. It is not the
first time that respectable gentlemen have gravely
advised and instructed about things with which
they had as much to do as ihe signs of the Zodiac
have with the weaning of cluldien. I care little
for instructions from anybody, and I utterly deny
the right of thp members of a Legislature to in-
struct any body, for they are the constituents of
nobody. They are merely the agents of the peo-
ple of the State to appoint a Senator, and that
done, their official relations with him cease. They
are no more his constituents than any other man,
woman, or child in the State; and an attempt to
instruct is an impudent assumption.
Sir, I represent a district having a lake coast of
near a hundred miles in extent, with a lake city
of fifty thousand people. I have presented in-
numerable petitions from the best informed and
most intelligent business men of my district for
this measuie, men quite as competent to rightly
estimate it as tl)o able gentlemen of our Legisla-
ture. My own sentiments weic well known to
my people, and 1 have never heard from one of
them a wotd upon this proposition that was not
in its favor. I have also piosemed petitions signed
by thousands of our citi/.ens—fiom Michigan to
Pennsylvania—for this measure, and have heard
of no remonstrance save this from the Ohio Le-
gislature; and tlus is myanswerto thegentleman
from Indiana on the subject of instructions. My
answer to the honorable members of the Ohio Le-
gislature is, that when they have made some pro-
vision for the defense of our State, organized Us
militia, and provided arms for use against invad-
ers, I will listen with patience andgravity to any
suggestion from them in reference to my duties
here.
I ask the gentlemen of this House to turn their
eyes for a moment to the northern boundary of
this Republic. Theie th *y find, beginning within
a few degrees of longitude of the ocean, and ex-
tending irregularly westward to near the meridian
of the continent, a vast series of waters almost
equaling the width of the Atlantic. Let the eye
run along the great extent of bays and capes and
creeks and peninsulas that undulate their south-
ern shore, and they find a coast hue that nearly
equals the whole Atlantic coast; and while the
eye rtstsfoi a moment in its wearied sui vey I
pray gentlemen to remember that this immense
extent of coast is the northern frontier of the
empire. Turn the eye from the lake to the At-
lantic coast, and mark at the entrance of every
bay and creek and iuu bor, and by every loadside,
the formidable foitresses and fortifications that
frown defiance along its whole extent, under the
protection of which the hands of commerce and
enterprise have built up the world's ^reat marts.
Mark, also, and wonder over the mighty naval
armaments that oppress the Atlantic bosom, and
all, all for the defense of the Atlantic coast, and
mainly against one great rival. Turn again to the
northern margin; every league of the opposite coast
that answers to this northern line is the soil of this
same imperious rival. The brindled whelps of its
old lion project their grim muzzles from every pro-
montory and head-land of that opposite coast at
us; while throughout the whole extent of our own
side not a fort or fortification worthy of the name
exists; nor does there float on all those vast seas
but a solitary vessel that carries a single gun under
our flag. Nay, the national Government is under
an enduring treaty stipulation never to construct
vessels of war on these waters. Contemplate for
a moment the vast spoils that there await the
clutching hand of aimed violence. Over those
same waters float annually over six hundred mil-
lion dollars of commerce, all at the mercy of a
single armed cruiser. On the southern shores of
those lakes are clustered a group of great, pop-
ulous, wealthy, bui unarmed and utterly defense-
less nations. My own State has a greater pop-
ulation and wealth, can raise a greater revenue,
and has sent forth a larger army, than had the
kingdom of Prussia when the second Frederick of
Biandenburg ascended its throne. Yet her whole
northern frontier is an open unarmed coast. She
has not a fortification within her limits, and can-
not arm a single gunboat. Upon those lakes, in
utter helplessness, sitcities that outrival in wealth
and splendor and glory those that grouped them-
selves on the Mediterranean; prouder than she
who sat a crowned queen on her hundred isles,
and yearly sent forth her Doge to wed with his
ducal ring the now long spouseless Adriatic. Look
once again to those lakes, and mark the mighty
river through which their vast waters flow to the
sea; and mark how entirely it is in the possession
of our great rival, whose sea armaments equal the
united navies of the rest of the world. Observe
how wholly and completely the sole means of na-
val transit around the cataract of the Niagara are
entirely hers alone, and that, save this, there is
no naval access to these waters. See! see! how
utterly and entirely we lie at the will and pleas-
ure of this haughty and capricious ~">wer; and
that we must acceptany humiliation ather hands,
or leave to her bloody sickle the hoarded fields
of our defenseless North. We know but too well
what her present temper and disposition are. She
may keep ne.rself within the bare letter of interna-
tional law; but a nation, or a man, whose highest
rule of conduct is the letter of the law, is neither
a good citizen, a good neighbor, nor an honest
man. We know that repeatedly during our pres-
ent calamities she has violated the obligations of
good neighboihood, and the amenities and equi-
ties that must regulate the intercourse of civilized
races, and has persistently sought to force an open
rupture with us. Sir, now, when our house is on
fire, instead of aiding to extinguish the flames, she
could not be content to remain an idle spectator,
but she has fanned with her breath the fierce con-
flagration, and has done for the incendiaries what
they could not do for themselves. When the emis-
saries of this treason could no more find means
for a passage to Europe than they could fly, one
of her own mail steamers was purposely placed at
their disposal. And when with strong hand we
took them thence, she made the act of carrying
them her national act, and demanded them at the
peril of war. She demanded them at the price of
a humiliation that she thought we could not sub-
mit to; and the brow of the American youth will
redden for ten generations that we accepted the
humiliation.
This rapid survey of the surroundings of this
subject enables us somewhat to appreciate its
grand and momentous proportions; and we turn
with eager apprehension to the remedy proposed
by this bill, and should only inquire, is it feasible ?
Not what it costs in dollars; us vast national im-
portance cannot be dwarfed to a pecuniary valu-
ation. The remedy is as simple and grand as the
demand is great and imperious. It is to enlarge
the capacity of the New York canals, and con-
struct a ship canal connecting the Mississippi with
Lake Michigan, thus securing two naval channels
to these lakes for armed vessels against the orte'of
our rival. Can this be done? Is it a nhysical^oi-
sibility; fori care little for its cost? The best Mil-
itary engineers declare that this is entirely*
ticable, and give us the plans and estimates. Thl
chairman of the Ways and Means, in his poverty-
stricken speech of Saturday, declares that im
thing- itself cannot be done. And when the au-
thorities are quoted in reply to him, he can orily
escape like that other venerable lady from a slitt-
ilar difficulty—"I and Paul differ. In the eveitt
of a war with England, says thatgehtleman, u wk
will seize the Welland canal." Certainly, by all
means; I go in for that. Sir, one half of our own
territory is holder) from us by an armed occupation
that has thus far deged the power of the nation to
repossess it. The broad tide river that sweeps
by this capital has been blockaded for a year at
a time, so that a herring could hardly navigate it.
I think I see the Ways and Means invading the
British empire. We have had some useful expe-
rience in this war of invasion.
But we are told that we can extemporize an
armed fleet on these lakes ampler in time and force
for any emergency. Do gentlemen forget that our
enemies possess just the same facilities for build-
ing; as much means, men, money, and power,
with as much practical skill ana daring; with
ample naval transit from the ocean to the lakes?
Sir, if a war were to break out to-morrow with
England no armed vessel of ours would ever float
upon the lakes. They would be burned on the
stocks by the enemy's gunboats from the ocean.
Do gentlemen really desire a repetition of the fierce
old battles for the empire of these very waters,
even if we could enter upon the effort, as we can-
not, on equal terms? Would it not cost us more
than this canal? Is the hazard nothing?,Suppose
we were to fail in the ne#t great struggle ? What
then ? My people demand that this risk shall not
be run; it can be avoided. There are three gen-
tlemen now on this floor, Messrs. Crittenden,
Wickliffe, and Grider ofKentucky, who heard
the roar of Perry's guns in that old-time sea fight.
When Shelby and Clay and Johnson went plung-
ing through the wilderness to the woody shores of
the far-off Erie; among all that gallant host were
none nobler in theopeningflushandrisingglory of
proud young manhood than these who come from
those distant battle-fields, through all the wrecking
vicissitudes of life and time here to vote on this
great measure, 1 hardly dare think how. I would
remind them that that far-off frontier is as defense-
less now as when they shielded it with their
breasts.
I know that the Rhode Island youth, who had,
with Preble and Decatur, chastised the Corsairs,
came with his three or four dozen sailors, and,
aided by the tanned hunters and frontiersmen of
that hardy region, construed a fleet in less than
ninety days with which they went in quest of the
foe. How eagerly the straggling dwellers in the
wilderness hastened to the shore, if haply they
might catch a sight of the sails that wafted their
countrymen to battle. And when that battle joined
and its thunders rolled through the dim aisles of
the old woods, what mortal of us can realize the
terrible anxiety that questioned of the result? No
railroad brought it; no telegraph flashed it; but
the triumphant fleet, crescent-formed, with the
humbled foe in the center, swept proudly down
the rejoicing sea, bearing the tidings of its own
victory. Long ago that fleet was dismantled, and
the larger vessels sunk. And it is since my own
manhood that the Lawrence was raised, arid her
timbers and spars carved into canes and picture
frames and caskets and cabinets, and given and
received as the most treasured mementoes, sou-
venirs, and amulets. And the hero Perry passed
—oh, long ago—to the memory and history of his
country; and from the granite pedestal in the
beautiful park of one of the loveliest cities of the
globe, his form, in Parian marble, stands with his
soul breaking from the speaking lineaments of
his face; with his hand pointing ever to the near
sea. as a reminder thatas that was the scene of a
giwit achievement, so it is the source of a great
danger. He stands there an exclamation point
in marbleagainstthe unmanly ribaldry with which
the opponents of this measure seek to overwhelm
it. Had Great Britain then possessed the Wei-
