1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GfiOOBE.
37th Com....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Eollins.
Ho', of. Reps.
with Great Britain, and the canal wag m full op-
eration, the advantage to either country would
greatly depend on the first incursion of a ma-
rauding band which should seize and blow up one
or more locks on the New York or Canada canals.
For my own part, in case of war with Great Brit-
ain, I would much more depend on the courage
and dash of a regiment of New York volunteers,
led, perchance, by one of the gallant New York
colonels now before me, foi the obstruction and
destruction of the St. Lawrence or Welland ca-
nals, than on the efficiency and practical benefit
of the New York and Erie canal.
The fact of being prevented by our treaty stip-
ulations with Great Britain from building vessels
on the lakes in a time of peace, need not and
should not prevent our Government from building-
iron vessels at a dozen points, say Boston, Troy,
Albany, New York, Pittsburg, Cincinnati, orS't.
Louis, whence they could be taken apart, trans-
ported, and refitted, on all the lakes in a very short
time. Even now the United States iron steamer,
Michigan, made and constructed in Pittsburg in
1842, and thence conveyed piecemeal to Lake
Erie, is doing good service as a revenue cutter on
the lakes; while many of the heavy plates used
in the construction of our iron-clad navy arc be-
ing made in the same city of Pittsburg, and thence
earned to any point on the sea-board". What has
been done can be done again, and even with greater
facility, by reason of the railroads now connect-
ing the Atlantic, the Hudson, the Ohio, and the
Mississippi, with ail points on the lakes.
The Illinois canal portion of this scheme has
even less merit than the one I have thus so briefly
discussed. For, besides costing so much more,
it is deemed by many wise and prudent men, if
not totally impracticable, at least a wild and vis-
ionary experiment. In addition to the fact of the
obstruction for a long period of the year of both
the Illinois and Mississippi rivers by ice, it is
well known to western men that often, for four
and five months in the year, they are only navi-
gable, if at all, by boats of the lightest draught, say
two or three feet. So that, between ice in winter
ami shallow water in summer, very little reliance
could be placed on those rivers; and the profligate
expenditure of millions in such a slough would,
after all, but place the Government, as well as the
rash advocates of this bill, in the unpleasant di-
lemmaofhavinggunboats which could never reach
and pass the canal; else, if they did, they could
not survive an hour in a lake storm. I do not
wonder the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kel-
logg] did not answer very positively to an inquiry
on this point.
As a war measure, therefore, this scheme has
no merit; and even as a commcrcial measure, if I
were looking for a profitable investment I should
prefer to omit the western branch of this grand
project if 1 hoped for golden returns.
If, as is argued, New England desires to reap
the benefit of the enlarged canals in the greater
flow and cheaper rates of western breadstuffs
needed for her consumption, why should not
New England capital prosecute a work which,
from their own showing, promises sur.h rich re-
turns, both alimentary and pecuniary? Who shall
say her nay? Why should the tax-payers of my
State and Ohio and Kentucky and Indiana and
Tennessee, pay for what does not concern them ?
Mr. Speaker, when the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Kellogg,] with his colleague, [Mr. Wash-
burne,] denounced the tariff as oppressive to
Illinois, and merely for the benefit of Pennsyl-
vania, he seems to have forgotten who were lus
chief coadjutors and main hands at the present
log-rolling:. Else it was rather unkind, while toil-
ing and puffing at his end of the log, to be crush-
ing the "toes and flinging taunts in the faces of
New York and New England at the other end.
Does he not know that those States have more
interest in the tariff than Pennsylvania? Is he
aware that, even in some important branches of
iron manufactures, as castings, engines, and ma-
chinery, New York, according to the last census,
is ahead ofPennsylvania? Whereas he, and other
western members, and some from New York,
seem to think the protection to iron inures to
Pennsylvania alone. { trust in this, a word to the
wise may be sufficient.
Nor am i oblivious, Mr. Speaker, if the gentle-
man [Mr. Kellogg] is, that on the passage of
the present tariff bill in the last Congress that very
gentleman, by his earnest and eloquent appeals,
not surpassed in ardor and vehemence oy his
speech on the present bill, induced the House to
increase the tariff rates on pots and crocks for the
benefit of some pottery in his district. And yet
Pennsylvania has never complained, nor taunted
him with the heavy burdens thereby thrown upon
her sons. The recollection of his triumph should
forever seal his lips upon the tariff question.
The same gentlemen, [Messrs. Kellogg and
Washburne,] in their speeches, threw out un-
merited and ungracious flings at the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company, intimating that the Pennsyl-
vania opposition to this measure originated from
or was influenced by especial devotion to the in*
teresfs of that company; nor would they yield me
the floor for correction. 1 have yet to learn of the
Pennsylvania railroad making the slightest sug-
gestion in this matter, while I do know that the
company has had sundry controversies in Penn-
sylvania, from which local jealousies have sprung
up which may often affect the members from that
State adversely.
But these gentlemen complain of last year's re-
ceipts of the company. I ask if they have not
been well earned? "Vf"hat road has. carried more
troops and munitions of war, more sick and
wounded soldiers, more sorrowing relatives, go-
mg to and returning from hospitals? And yet,
with what regularity, speed, and freedom from
accident. To accomplish all this their rolling
stock has been greatly increased, at heavy cost.
But the gentlemen ne^d not fear that this great
revenue is to last forever. When the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad is opened to the Ohio river, as
is just being done, and when the Mississippi river
is opened by the stout arms of their constituents,
the Pennsylvania railroad will be butoneof many
avenues to the sea-board, and her profits will be
reduced accordingly.
But I must hasten to a conclusion; and to illus-
trate how sanguine and visionary some of the
advocates of this scheme are, I recall one remark
of the honorable gentleman from Chicago, [Mr.
Arnold,] i. e., "stocks will rise upon the pas-
sage of tins bill!" Can human credulity further
go > While the wisest, financiers are studying and
puzzling how best to preserve the public credit in
order to carry the country through this exhaustive
war, the member from Chicago cries, " Eureka!
Start another South (North) Sea Bubble; sink
untold millions in digging ditches, and you have
solved the problem !" Credat Jud&usJlpella, non
•ego. My friend must think public credit is like
a balloon, the more gold ballast you discharge the
higher it will rise. Let him and other friends of
this measure take care lest, by such wholesale dis-
charges, it shall rise so high as to be lost to their
admiring gaze—
"And, like the Imseless fabric of a vision,
Leave not a rack behind."
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
SPEECH OE HON. JAS. S. EOLLINS,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
February 2, 1863,
On the lull of tlio House (No. 675) to raise additional sol-
du'is for the seivice of the Government.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, said:
Mr. Speaker: 1 propose to make a very few
remarks on the bill now under consideration. It
is a most important measure. It proposes an en-
tirely new programme m the prosecution of the
war. Sir, I desire with my whole heart to see
this rebellion crushed, for I believe it is the most
wicked and unjustifiable attempt to overthrow a
good Government that has ever occurred in the
history of the world. Nay, moie, sir, I have re-
garded this attack upon the nation's life as the
greatest crime that was ever committed against
humanity!
Within the pale of the Constitution of my coun-
try and the laws of civilization, there is scarcely
any measure that 1 would not sanction and sup-
port calculated to overthrow this gigantic wick-
edness, and thereby preserve the Government and
the Union of these States. But, sir, I desirfe tp
see this war conducted on high and honorable
principles; and for the very reason that it is a
civil war, a war among^ our own people, a war
of brother against brother, it ought tcs be carx&tii
on according to all those rules of warfare recog-
nized and practiced by the civilized and enlight-
ened nations of modern times. The passipnsof
hatred and revenge ought never to be permitted
to .enter into this contest.
Sir, as much as I despise and condemn this re-
bellion, and desire to see it speedily crushed, I $o
not hate the southern people. In my bosom their
conduct has inspired a feeling " more of sorrow
than of anger," and I can truly say, thatt( with
all their faults I love them still;" and while I
would do all in my power, by legislative enact-
ment and by legitimate means of warfare, to over-
come them and to destroy their attempt to over-
throw and break up the Government of the United
States, there is not a State, nor a citizen of any
of the States, save their guilty leaders, that £
would notgladly forgive and welcome back again
to the common fold, upon the condition that they
would lay down their arms and be true to that
allegiance which every patriot owes to his coun-
try.
Sir, although that section of the country in
which I was born and reared has dishonored itself
in my view in their mad schemes of secession, in
forcing this war upon a Government that never
injured them, but which, on the contrary, had
sheltered and protected them, which had given
them power at home, respectability abroad, and
in whose common history and common glories
all alike shared, still I cannot regard them as des-
titute of those high qualities that adorn and dig-
nify our race, or in any other light than as a proud,
brave, chivalrous, but misguided people; and in
the cond uct of this unfortunate and d isgraceful war
(disgraceful to our age, our civilization, our re-
ligion, and the cause of human freedom) we ought
to treat them as such. The past history of our
country entitles them to this consideration; for
there is not a law upon your statute-hook, not
a line in our matchless Constitution, not a page in
your country's history, not a work of art that
adorns and embellishes this Capitol, and I might
well add not a single battle since the commence-
ment of this wicked onslaught upon the Govern-
ment of our common country that does not in some
way lemind us that in this contest we have for our
foe a brave, an energetic, and cultivated people.
While on our side wo are proud to do honor to such
names as Scott, McClellan, Banks, Rosecrans,
Hooker, Franklin, Du Pont, and a host of other
brave and noted leaders, we must not forget that
they have their Lees, their Jacksons, their John-
stons, and other namesequally formidableand dis-
tinguished.
No, sir; this is a war, whether we regard it with
an eye to the parties engaged in the contcst, or in
point of pieparation and resources, that is equal
to any that has ever been waged among men.
It is a war among the bravest people whose his-
tory has been written, and compared with which
even the brave and countless legions of the Greeks
and Romans in the zenith of their power and glory
sink into insignificance. And when we look to
the principleatstake in thecontest—the ability of
the people to maintain a free Government based
upon the popular will as defined in a written con-
stitution, involving not only the fate of the pres-
ent millions who inhabit this country, but the des-
tiny of this vast continent in all time to come—
the question rises in importance and grandeur,
teaching us that no one of such magnitude: has
ever before engaged the attention or been the sub-
ject of conflict among men. It was the province
of our revolutionary sages and heroes to estab-
lish—it is ouis to preserve—this noble structure
of Government. To this end our generation is on
trial, and the whole world are the spectators, not
only in reference to the achievements to be won,
but also in regard to the manner in which we are
to accomplish this mighty work. Shall we shrink
from thecontest? No,never. Disunionisdeath. It
is the destruction of public liberty upon the Amer-
ican continent, ft is the commencement of per-
petual wars among jarring and discordant States.
It is the revelation of an endless military despot-
ism. It checks and rolls back the tide of Arner-
