1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fa
ment agents have prevented them from doing so,
then would it be wrong that the value of their grant
should be estimated at that time, and common sim-
ple interest upon it from that time to this, in or-
der to ascertain what the grant is worth? That
is the provision; and then they are to receive their
say in land scrip, which is to be located upon
and. They ask for no money; they never have
asked for any money. The Government has land
enough and can make them good. They ask that
it shall do so.
Mr.HARLAN. I beg to set the Senator right
again. Their suit in the Court of Claims was for
money, and now he says they never asked for
money. Why, sir, they asked for $1,000,000;
that is, they attempted to prove that their claim
was worth $1,000,000 in money.
Mr. WADE. I do not care what they at-
tempted to prove in the Court of Claims. I sup-
pose, however, it would turn out, if I should at-
tempt to investigate that, just as the other did,
that they were after land scrip, which the Sen-
ator thinks is somehow very different from land.
I am not aware that they ever asked for anything
but land; but if they did, I do not care.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
read just what they did ask for in the Court of
Claims?
Mr. WADE. I do not care what they asked
in the Court of Claims. Why are gentlemen
captious about that? Does anything they might
have set up there prejudice the right they claim
now? Should that operate to their injury? Has
not a man a right to set up his claim in a court
of justice, in a courts too, belonging to the party
in interest against him, supported by the party
against him, where the judges who adjudicate
upon his claim are officers of the United States?
Will you prejudice him by the claim he makes
in such a court? I have not studied very par-
ticularly what these parties claimed in thatcourt,
and I do not care what it was. 1 ask the Senator
will he bias his vote by any claim they may have
made in the Court of Claims? Does that affect
their rights here now ?
Mr. CLARK. If the gentleman desires an
answer, 1 will answer.
Mr. WADE. It is no matter whether you
answer or not. I asked the question. I sup-
posed it could be answered but in one way.
Mr. CLARK. I think I can answer it if the
Senator wishes me to do so.
Mr. WADE. Just as you please.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the Senator that I
will not suffer these parties to be prejudiced by
any prayer they made there, but I will take that
prayer as an evidence of what they esteem to be
their rights and the justice of their claim, in weigh-
ing the probabilities of the case.
Mr. WADE. I am very willing that the Sen-
ator shall do that. His own estimation of their
claim he may get from any source of information
he can; that is well enough; but the question is,
do the)'- now claim anything unreasonable? As 1
have said, they barely claim that the court shall
ascertain how much a fair average half section of
that land was worth at the time; and as they have
not been able to get their title because of the mis-
constructions that have constantly been put upon
their claim by the Government officers that have
kept them out of it, is it unreasonable that they
should have interest on that claim, and that tiiat
interest should be computed in land scrip to their
advantage now?
If this were a money claim you would allow in-
terest. I was six years upon the Committee on
Claims, and our rule, upon which we constantly
acted, was that interest should be allowed where
ever the Government was in default, the same as
it would be allowed against an individual in such
a case. We would not give interest on a man's
claim that was pending here, unless the Govern-
ment itseif was m default. If the claim had not
been proved to the satisfaction of Congress, we
would grant no interest; but. while I was upon
that committee, the rule always was thatit money
was ascertained to be due to a man, and no appro-
priation was made so that he could get it, or it, when
he presented his claim, there was no money m the
Treasury to pay it, he should have interest from
the time the demand was made and payment was
refused on that ground. Then I think interest
should be awarded here. We have tried all the
while to get this claim. The original fault was
the Government's, not ours. These claimants
would never have come here, if the Government,
in assigning and setting apart this land for the ben-
efit of the heirs, had set it off fairly—I will not
say honestly, for I suppose the Government in-
tended to act honestly; but it failed to set off a
proper tract of land, and that failure was a great
substantial injury to these people. Now, the ques-
tion is, whether they ought not to have the right
to be made good in land for these delays; whether
they should not have a proper estimate made of
the value of a fair piece of land in the tract to
which they were entitled; and whether they should
not have interest on that estimate until this time,
and land scrip to cover the amount of it. That
is the proposition.
The Senator from Iowa says this ought not to
be allowed. He says they ought to have surren-
dered their land, which was worth $1,600 then, at
the lowest estimate at five dollars an acre, and ought
now to take $800 worth of land in lieu of that which
twenty-two years ago was worth $1,600. That is
what he proposes. His amendment provides that
they shall have three hundred and twenty acres of
land which is worth $2 50 an acre, or six hundred
and forty acres of that which is worth $1 25 an
acre; so that lie only gives one half of the lowest
estimate of the original claim which they surren-
dered. Is there a Senator here who wishes that
these heirs should take up with that? Would it
be doing them justice? If gentlemen do that, will
they be satisfied with what thev have done? Is
there any man here who wants the Government
to speculate out of these poor heirs, and make at
least half of all they clam) ? They surrendered
$1,600 worth of land, llis amendment says they
shall get but $800 worth. If Senators wish to do
that in regard to a claim of this kind, I can only
say that I do not agiee with them. I think we
should deal generously with these parties, because
if ever there was a claim originating in merit, this
is that claim.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, 1 regret some-
what that the Senator fiom Ohio should have sup-
posed that I was vindictive in anything that I have
said here, in that, 1 am sure he is in error. I
have had no reason, certainly, to have any vin-
dictive feelings against these claimants. They
have been, until they appeared as petitioners be-
fore Congress, pei feet strangns to mo, and I have
attempted to examine their claim with all the can-
dor and impartiality of which I am capable. In
that remark, I am sure he committed an injustice
which he will regret as much as I shall when he
comes to consider it in a calmer mood. His criti-
cism of my statement that these claimants desired
lands of extraordinary value, was equally unjust,
to use no harsher language. 1 spoke of their wishes
m this respect in a logical sense. I came to the
conclusion that they were not satisfied with aver-
age agricultural land, and, of course, desired lands
of value, from the extraneous considerations
named, from reading their petition, their own state-
ment of their case, and their piayer for relief.
They represent in their petition that these several
Indian purchases in which their grant might have
been located were very valuable on account of
the vicinity of the one to the margin ot the lakes
on which a very dense population has recently
sprung up, and upon which large cities have been
bulk; and because the other was located in the
Wabash valley, which had equal advantages for
navigation, and on which also a number ot cities
of considerable magnitude had risen. They cite
these facts as evidence to prove that their pai ticu-
!ar half section of land had not been located as
advantageous!}7 as it might have been located.
They take no exceptions to the quality of the land
itself, selected as such. I inferred from their own
citation of facts, that they thought the location
might have been made on v water privilege or on
a town site or some situation so as to derive large
value from some condition ot the surrounding cir-
cumstances, aside from the quality of the land.
Their various attempts to secure relief by lo-
cating their certificate, first, on an Indian rcscna-
tion, and then on a military reservation, indicate
the same.
I stated in my previous remarks that, in al!
grants of land to individuals, unless the contrary
is shown, the Departments have held that nothing
more is granted than an average quality ot agri-
cultural land. This selection, of course, ought to
; havp been made with reasonable care; hut as the
President of the United States was charged^wjth,
this duty, every one will perceive that-it typ-pUk
have been impossible for aim to, go in ppr^>!3
and examine the lands; the trust must necessa-
rily have been delegated by him to some other,
officer of the Government. ^ In this case, I doubt
not he delegated it to the register of the land office,
situated nearest to the lands purchased of the In-
dians. The land officer—probably the register—:
selected the lands; and nobody would expect that
even he would quit his office and go out into the, ,
field hundreds of miles distant and examine the \
metes and bounds of the land, the quality of the-
soil, the timber, the vicinity to water,settlement^,
villages, &c. These locations are being madee very
day by the registers of the different land,, offices
for absent beneficiaries. They are guided by all
the facts that come to their knowledge, by inform-
ation derived from conversation with land dealers
and others familiar with the lands in the neigh-
borhood, and from an examination of the plats
and field-notes of the deputy surveyors, certified
copies of which are in the possession of the regis-
ters of the land offices; he examines these, and
exercises his best judgment in making alocation.
This location was, doubtless, made in this manner.
And this brings me to consider the first point
mentioned by the Senator from Ohio, that these
parties had been greatly damaged because the land
selected did not contain the usual number of acres,
i will say to him, that people are every day lo-
cating land warrants on what are termed frac-
tional pieces of land. They locate a land warrant
calling for one hundred and sixty acres of land,
perhaps on a ninety-acre tract, more or less, be-
cause the quality of the laud or the surrounding
circumstances, in their judgment, compensate for
the deficiency in quantity. It does not, therefore,
follow that these parties were damaged because
then* half section was fractional. For private par-
ties, after a personal examination, often locate a
land warrant, calling for one hundred and sixty
acres of land, on a fractional quarter section con-
taining less. Doubtless the register of the land
office, as he selected a fractional half section, and
it was located in a prairie country, did it because
he discovered from the field-notes that tlijg partic-
ular piece of land was covered with valuable tim-
ber, and on that account more valuable than a full
half section would have been, if destitute of tim-
ber, in a prairie country.
These petitioners, while they were praying
Congress for the right to relocate their tract of
1 land, represented it as inferior in quality, almost
worthless; they complained that their interests
had been very much neglected, because the land
was so deficient m quantity and so inferior in
quality. But when they come into the Court of
Claims and pray relief in money, they insist that it
was really very valuable land; and the Senator
here to-day is proceeding on the assumption that
their first allegations were all false. This is the
oniyabsurdity that 1 perceive in the case—ifl may
use the phraseology introduced by the Senator
from Ohio—when they asked Congress to allow
them to relinquish the grant as first located and
takeupanothcr half section. They assert the first
to be inferior, bad land, and deficient in quantity
and quality; but afterwards, when they want
money instead of land, they comein and insist that
it was not so bad after all; that it was very good
land; that it was located near the city of Logans-
port, eligibly located, and was worth from five to
seven dollais an acre m 1841.
But, Mr. President, this is all collateral. The
real question before the Senate is whether these
heirs of Mr. Johnston are entitled to relief. To
settle this question we must inquire what did the
Government intend to gi\e them when this grant
was made m the treaty ? 1 answer, a fair average
half section of agricultural land; nothing more and
nothing h*sM. What was their complaint when
praying Congress to permit a new location? Sim-
ply that this location was not as much and as good
as it should be. What relief ought Congress to
have granted? Simply the right to take an aver-
age half section of agricultural lands; nothing
more. No new reason had arisen for enlarging
!■ the grant. And as far as can be learned from the
!l concut rent history, Congress did notintend to en*
jl lar°-e the grant. Then in what particular do these
1| claTmants differ from other grantees? Why shall
; i they not take this grant jusr as other grantees take
i! such grants? When you come to examine thn
