THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
subjection to preemption. Who interfered to
prevent that being carried into effect? The sub-
ordinate officers of the Executive Departments.
They came to the conclusion that this did not
mean anything; that is, that it was not to be avail •
able for more than a certain number of acres—a
half section—and that the claimants should be
pifshed here and there and everywhere, in order
to take that at the option of the officers. They
endeavored to purchase a half section with that
certificate, which was equal to the value of a half
section anywhere; but theofficers refused, and the
time went by to which thatactwas limited. Then
Congress again interfered. They passed another
resolution, still more specific and definite, that this
certificate should be receivable "in payment for
any half section of land in the Wyandott reserve
not otherwise appropriated; provided the mini-
mum price of said half section shall not exceed
tW© dollars and fifty cents per acre."
Now, as I understand from some of the honor-
able Senators, there was no land upon the Wyan-
dott reserve except that which was described at
a medium price of $2 50 per acre.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Wyandott purchase
was put up for sale afterwards at auction, and the
medium bid was $2 50.
Mr. COWAN. Very well; and that provision
covered the whole of the reserve. If it did cover
the whole of the reservation, then this certificate
was good payment for any half section upon the
reserve, because that phrase describes the whole
of the reserve, according to the statement that is
made here. 1 have not examined the law in that
respect, but suppose it to be properly stated. One
would suppose they might have gone and chosen
a half section on that reserve, and tendered their
certificate in payment. I understand they did do
it, and it was refused by the officers of the Gov-
ernment, again attempting to interfere to pievent
the will of Congress fiom being carried out in
their behalf.
Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senator that
such is not the fact. By the time they got the
resolution through Congress the land was all
gone, and they did not attempt to locate it.
Mr. COWAN, They had before that located
itajul tendered thnrcertificate,and it was refused.
Mr. CLARK. Before the passage of the res-
olution, but not afterwards.
Mr. COWAN. They had gone to the biddings
and bid it up to twenty-five dollars an acre, in or-
der to ascertain the exact amount of damages.
They had gone there as a matter of precaution for
that purpose. It wan after 1843; but the resolu-
tion of Congress cures all that, and relieves them
from any effect the limitation m the act of 1843
would have had upon them. Now is not justice
to be done them at this late day? Certainly I
think there should be no morequibblingaboutthe
thing. I think these officers should not be encour-
aged in setting up the rules and regulations of their
Department against a plain act of Congress. This
act of Congress overrode all others in this behalf,
because it was specific and to that particular pur-
pose, and it was paramount to all the rules and
regulations of the Department.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will permit me to
say there is no evidence that any officer of the
Government ever interfered under that resolu-
tion.
Mr. COWAN. This book is full of evidence.
Mr. CLARK. Not under the resolution of
1847, as I read it.
Mr. COWAN. They refused to let them lo-
cate,as I understand, anywhere where they chose
to locate.
Mr. CLARK. That was in 1845.
Mr. HARRIS. The lands were all gone in
1847.
Mr. COWAN. After the resolution of 1847,
of course the Wyandott reservation was all gone;
but they should have been allowed to locate before
it was gon -; and having been refused that privi-
lege, \ tlnink tins hill should pass compensating
them for what th«y lout in consequence of this
grunt not ooing executed in time.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I have exam-
ined this subject with some care, and I presume
that I shall not be accused this time of interfering
with a western matter, being an eastern Senator,
because I have been invited by both parties to ex-
amine it. I was invited by the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. KaiU-an] to look at it, and also by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] I gave my atten-
tion to it and have come to the conclusion, and I
think upon an impartial examination—as impar-
tial as 1 could give to anything—that this bill in the
shape in which it is, ought not to pass. Perhaps
1 shall be pardoned for going a little into the his-
tory of the matter and giving a statement in detail
of this claim, because I think in the statement it
can be cleared oftsome considerations which oper-
ate to confuse the matter before the Senate.
Mr. President, it has been already stated that
in 1812 the father of these parties was killed by
the Indians. By a treaty with those Indians in
1826, the United States bound themselves to grant
to the heirs of Stephen Johnston a half section of
land. It turns out, and I am not disposed to con-
trovert that fact, that in locating this land a half
section smaller in quantity and inferior in quality
was selected. These heirs appealed to Congress
to rectify that error which had been made and to
do them justice. They came to Congress in 1840.
The Congress of the United States, believing that
injustice had been done to them, that they had had
a half section of land inferior in quality and smaller
in quantity, gave them a certificate that they might
have a half section of land on the public lands of
the United States, not subject to preemption.
Now, I want to make this point with the Sen-
ate: if there had been any wrong done to these
parties before that time, they then came to Con-
gress, stated their grievance to Congress, Con-
gress heard their grievance and settled it for them.
Congress said: "it is true you have been wronged;
you havegot land less in quantity than you ought
to have had; you have got land of inferior qual-
ity; and now we will do you justice;" and they
did do them justice. They said to these heirs,
44 surrender your title to this half section of land
which you say is inferior in quality and less in
quantity, and we will make it up to you; we will
give you a ccitificate that you shall be entitled to
go upon the public lands"—I shall not now un-
dertake to say ptecisely what that certificate in-
cluded—u and select a half section full in quantity
and of such quality as you shall select, and you
shall be made whole; and you shall do that by
the 4th day of March, 1843." It was at their op-
tion to keep the land ceded to them, or to accept
the offer of Congress. These people were not
minors then. They had become mature and of
age. The whole tiling was patent and open to
them, and Congress said, which will you do, keep
your old grant and your old laud, or will you take
what we now offer you and settle the whole mat-
ter? They considered for months after that act
was passed, and in February, 1841, ten months
afterwards,upon mature consideration, they con-
cluded to accept the act of Congress and take new
land.
Now, 1 submit to the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Piivate Land Claims if that was
not a settlement? I ask lum if he wants to im-
peach that settlement ? 1 ask Senators if they de-
sire to impeach that settlement ? Did not Congress
behave fairly > Did they not do all the claimants
asked? " Make us whole," said the claimants.
We will make you whole,"said Congress; " and
if you say this land is not of good quality, if you
say it does not contain three hundred and twenty
acres, but only two hundred and eighty-two acres,
we will give you anywhere on the public land
three hundred and twenty acres; and you shall
have it of such quality as you r ay select." They
accepted it; and up to that time, I undertake to
say, Congress had done them no wrong; but,
rather, it had righted them, if they had been
wronged before, and done them justice.
Now, let us start at this point, and let us go
back, in the first instance, and see what this bill
proposes. It proposes to impeach the settlement
made there and then.
Mr. HARRIS. Not at all.
Mr. CLARK. I beg the Senator's pardon. It
does not propose to say what the land they took
in lieu of that land was worth.
Mr. HARRIS. It is only a question of the
construction of law.
Mr. CLARK, it is to ascertain the value of
the land which they surrendered; and here I ask
leave to say to the Senate, 1 have examined the
subject carefully, and there is no evidence of the
value of that land except what the petitioners
stale themselves.
I! Mr. WADE. That statement has been made
so often by the Senator that I think it ought to be
corrected.
Mr. CLARK. I wish the Senator would cor-
rect it, if I am mistaken. I find it only in the peti-
tion.
Mr. WADE. Very well, sir. Here is the dep-
osition of James M. Defrees, who was the audi*
tor of the county where this land was located at
the time; and I will read what he says.
Mr. CLARK. Will you give me the page ?
Mr. WADE. Page 47. I will not read all the
deposition, as I do not suppose it is necessary:
"X have been well acquainted with the claimants for
forty years, having lesidod near them twenty-two years,
from A. D. 1814 to A. D. 1836. I have resided on the lands
ceded by said treaty fiom A. D. 1838 to A. D. 1853, during
winch lime was auditor of Miami county, Indiana, for more
than nine year'.."
Mr. CLARK. What do you read from?
Mr. WADE. From the proceedings of the
Court of Claims, and the depositions in the case,
bn page 47.
Mr. CLARK. It is not in the report I have at
all.
Mr. WADE. I am reading the deposition of
James M. Defrees. He continues:*
" I have a good general Knowledge of the lands ceded by
said treaty, and more particularly in the Logansport coun-
try, and first described in said treaty, having resided thereon
for about fifteen years. The lands are of superior quality,
eligibly situated, possessing gi Pat natural advantages of soli,
timber, water power, &e , and contain at piesenta dense
population. I have examined the provisions of the treaty
refeircd to, and do not hesitate to say that a judicious se-
lection—such a one as the natural location of particular
tracts would indicate—would have made the claimantsin-
dependent, and, indeed, very wealthy, by the development
of the counny. I have sonic Knowledge of the lands se-
lected for said claimants under said treaty, have resided in
Peru, the seat of ju&tice of Miami county, Indiana, about
seven miles from said tract of land, and have been on the
sumo, and would estimate the value in A. D. 1839 at from
five to seven dollars per acre; and m A- D. 1841 the value
would have increased, fly leference to a letter iiereto an-
nexed, and made part of this deposition, written by me to
one oi the claimants at that tune, 1 find that said land was
charged on the tax duplicate of Miami county, Indiana, at
the sum ol .>$1,408. I would state in tills connection that
lands vveie not valued for taxation at their full cash value,
and ai&o that the cities, of Logansport and Peru are both
situate oh those lands. I do not know of any other matter
relative to the claim in question."
I hope the Senator will consider that as some
evidence.
Mi. CLARK. I can only say in reply, that
thatreportisentirely different from the one I have.
Mine does not contain a particle of that evidence.
But however that was, Mr. President, I do not
deem it as hearing materially upon the case; be-
cause I do not understand that the value of the
land affects the point which I am now considering;
and that is, whether there was a settlement made
with these heirs at this time by Congress; because
it is important that these things should be settled
at sometime; that parties should not be coming
to Congress continually year after year with the
same old claim. They appealed to Congress to
rectify the mistake which had been made in loca-
ting the land under the treaty. Congress did not
hesitate to do it. They passed an act reciting in
its terms that the land was inferior, and therefore
they granted this new certificate for the very pur-
pose of setting these parties right; and these par-
ties took the new certificate with the understanding
that they had it in lieu of the old land, because,
by the very provisions of the law, they were to
release the old grant. They did release it, and
they did not receive this certificate for the new
land, as I will call it, until they had made that re-
linquishment. It is in these words:
« Whereas it has been made to appear to the satisfaction
of the President of the United States, in virtue of the pro-
visions of the act above quoted, that the claim of the chil-
dsen of ritephen Johnston, deceased, named in the treaty
wiili the Pottawatomie tribe of Indians near the mouth of
the Mississinewa, upon the 'Wabash, m the State of In-
diana, on the 16th day of October, lB&V to a certain half
section of land, in and by said treaty granted to them, the
children of s?ud Stephen' Johnston, has been relinquished
to the United States by instrument of writing bearing date
the 2d day of Ft bruary, 1S41, and placed on file in this of-
fice: now therefore, be it known that this certificate shall
be leceivable in payment at any land office of the United
States tor any halt section of laud not!=ubjoct to preemption
in the joint nauiei of the heirs of the said Stephen John-
ston, to wit: Stephen Johnston and Stephen Winans and
Elizabeth Winans, his wife, late Elizabeth Johnston."
That settlement having been effected with these
heirs after they had become of age, when they
were mature in their reason and in their judg-
ment, and with their full assent, it should be bind-
ing and conclusive upon them, unless there was
some fraud in it.
