1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. HARRIS. Nobody questions that.
Mr. CLARK. Nobody questions it. Now, the
bill provides that you shall ascertain the value of
that land which Was thus granted to the United
States; and not only issue your land scrip for the
value of that land, but you shall grant them in-
terest upon that land scrip from that time forth.
The act in contemplation provides that the Court
of Claims shall ascertain the value of that half
section of land on the 2d day of February, 1841,
and from that time forth they shall also allow in-
terest upon it. I submit to the Senate, in regard
to this question of interest, that no interest can
certainly be allowed by any rule that has ever
been adopted by the Senate, even by the one sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio when he was'on
the Committee on Claims, until you put the Uni-
ted States in default. Were they in default on the
2d day of February, 1841, the very day they made
this settlement and set this matter right? That is
the time from which you begin to make the inter-
est run. The very day when the United States
undertook to do justice to these claimants, you
put the United States in default, and date your
interest from that time. As I understand it, the
claimants did nothing whatever in regard to this
matter until some time in 1846, four years after-
wards; and if the lands were not located previous
to 1845, it was entirely the fault of the claimants. ,
1 beg to call the attention of the Senate to the
history of this matter. When these parties sur-
rendered their title to the lands under the treaty
with the Pottawutomies, they toolt care to inquire-
about this subject. They wanted to know where
they couid locate thin land if they gotit, and they
wrote to the Commissioner of the Land Office, who
was then Mr. Whitcomb, to know if they could
locate it on the alternate sections along the line
of the Maumee canal. They did not contemplate
any location m the Wyandott country, because
the United States did not own the land, it was
not in the minds of either party; but they asked,
can we locate this on the lands on the Jiuc of the
Maumee canal? The Commissioner said they
might. Here is his letter, which will be found on
pages 4 and 5 of the report of the Court of Claims,
m the copy I have, i find there is a discrepancy
in these copies. Here its the letter of the Com-
missioner in reply to a letter from their represent-
ative, Mr. Good:
" General Land Office, February 25, 1841.
" Sir : I have received your Itttoi ot' the 22d instant, in
relation to the certificate authorized to he issued by tins
office in favor of the heirs of Stephen Johnson, deceav d
in virtue of the act of Congress for their relief, approved
July 20, 18-10. * j . . . , ,
That certificate is now transmitted, annexed to this let-
ter and, in the wottNof the law, is made receivable in pay-
ment 4 at any land office in the United States, foi any hall
scetion of land not subjectto preemption.' which language
is understood at this office to admit the entiy (should the
heirs bo desire to do, as you iiave intimated")—
they had inquired if they could locate there—
"of any half section of the alternate section* along th« line
of tin* M^imec canal, ad vet used to be sold in June next.
That was written in February, 1841, and to that
letter I wish to call the attention of Senators. 1 he i
letter bears date the very day they took their cer- ,
tificate. On the 25th of February, 1841, they ad- I
dressistl a letter to the Commissioner of the Land |
Office, and asked him: " can we locate this land j
on the alternate sections along the Maumee canal' <
The Commissioner replies, "you can locate it
there." I ask thechairman of the Committee on
Private Land Claims, why did they not locate it
there ' It was evidently the understanding, when
they took the certificate, that it was to be located
there; that is, they contemplated it; and there is
not a scintilla of proof, as I understand it,_that
the General Government prevented them from
locating it exactly where they contemplated.
Then how is the Government in the default, and
why do you chargc the Government with interest.
Blr. HARRIS^ There was no default in that
transaction, but it deprived them of then lignt.
Mr. CLARK. It certainly did not deprive them
of their light, nor did it take away from thein
their certificate; but if they had not used the cei-
tificate as they might have done, and they were
in fault, this Government should not pay the in-
terest. The amendment of the Senator from Iowa
contemplates giving them what they then would
have had.
Mr. WADE. No. . .
Mr CLARK. I say it contemplates giving them
what they would then have had. It contemplates
giving them a half (section at $2 50, the minimum
price. What did it contemplate originally > Did
it give them one acre more than three hundred and
twenty? I speak of the quantity of the land; and
the Senator from Ohio cannot escape on that quib-
ble. I say it gives them in quantity what was
contemplated in 1841, and if they do not take it
on such land where the minimum price is $2 50,
it can be doubled where it is $1 25. I say it is
liberal to them. I do not propose to take away
a solitary right of theirs; but I propose that they
shall not take away the rights of the Government,
or take the Government money without a fair
equivalent.
Now, I think you can gather from the history
of this transaction the motive that governed these
parties. They proposed in 1841 to take the land
on the Maumee canal. They asked if they could
locate the certificate there. They delayed taking
it in 1841; but when, in 1842, we purchased the
Wyandott land by treaty, then they wanted to go
and locate there. They did not attempt to locate
until September, 1845. Here is the record. 1 will
read from the record as I have it:
" But thev proceeded to the sale of said land? in Septem-
ber. 1845, and bid off said land at the rate of twenty-five
dollars peracie."
Now, I want to ask every individual Senator
if the Government was in a particle of fault up to
that time when they bid off that land ? Had any-
body pievciited, or offered to prevent, or thought
of preventing, their having that land ? I do not
understand that they had. I have not so read the
testimony.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, the heirs do not claim that the^y
were wronged at any time between 1840and 1845.
They claim that, in 1840, they transferred to the
United States lands winch were worth from five
to seven dollars an acre, and in 1845 the United
States refused to grant to them land selected m
pursuance of the resolution of Congress. They
therefore claim, as matter of justice and equity,
that they should have what they gave to the Uni-
ted States in 1840, with interest from that time.
That is the whole of the claim.
Mr. CLARK. Then it stands exactly on this
point, and that is the point I was aiming to come
at, but the Senator has helped me along a little;
I wanted to show, if I could, that the Government
was not in default at all up to 1845.^ Then why
should the interest begin before 1845?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will state that if the ofh-
cers of the Government had done what it was
their legat duty to do, they would have allowed
these parties to take a half section of the Wyan-
dott land, which 1 believe they were cleaily en-
titled to, and which were worth about twenty-five
dollars an acre; but theaetion of the officers of the
Government in depriving them of this legal right,
at least gave them the right to fail back on what
they had voluntarily transferred to the Govern-
ment in 1840, and that was a half section of land
worth from five to seven dollars an acre, /he
Government of the United States having depv tved
them of their legal light to half a section of land
worth, in 1845, twenty-five dollars an acre, cer-
tainly should not refuse to give them what they
I received in 1840, a half scction worth from five to
| seven dollars an acre. That is the view I take
| °fMr. COLLAMER. I will ask the gentleman
]< why it was that the Government was bound hi
1845 to let them take the Wyandott lands?
I Mr. SHERMAN. Simply because the Wyan-
1 dott lands came within the description of lands
; contained in their certificate. _
Mr. COLLAMER. The limitation of three
years had run out before 1845. They could not
take those lands then. They were all gone.
Mr SHERMAN. I do not think that is any
limitation. At any rate that was by subsequent
act of Congress.
Mr. CLARK. 1 want to come to that.
:: Mr! SHERMAN. I wish to say that the lim-
itation itself, even if there was a limitation, would
'• not prevent the parties recovering back what they
! had given to the Government, or if it did it would
i not be enforced by any just court,
i Mr. CLARK. Now, Mr. President, let me call
|i the attention of the Senator from Ohio to ^ete™s
;! of this original grant m the act ot J ttlj^ 20, loti .
'! This is the act which granted them their new cer-
;i tificate as I will call it, the act which provided for
the relinquishment of their title under the Potta-
watomie treaty, and by which they took the new
land. The act itself provides: '
"That this act shall continue in force and.have effect
until the 4th day of March, 1843, and no longer." ;
Let me remind the Senate, as 1 have said before,
that these people were of mature mind, mature
age, and'judgment. They understood fully tne
meaning of the act. They had their counsel to
write to the Land Office before they accepted it.
When they took that new certificate they undet-
stood tliat it was to expire in three years from
that date. If they allowed it to expire without
locating the land it was their own fault; and does
not come with a good grace from them to charge
the United States with cheating them out of their
land. There is not a particle of proof that they
attempted to locate an acre of it at that time; but
they allowed it to lie, undoubtedly in the hope of
getting this Wyandott land. In 1842, a year be-
fore it expired, we purchased that land, but we
had not offered it for sale, and did not for a year
afterwards; and they let the act run out and took
the Wyandott land in 1845.
Mr. COLLAMER. Tried to take it. ^
Mr. CLARK. Or tried to take it, as the Sen-
ator from Vermont says. I do not like these
charges made against the Government, which has
apparently acted so fair; which, upon the very first
intimation that the heirs had been wronged, un-
dertook to sot them right.
The Senator says that act could not have been
interpreted to apply to land then in the market or
subjcct to sale; but here is the opinion of the At-
torney General on the subject, when the question
was submitted to him, which I will read. In Sep-
tember, 1845, these people undertook to purchase
or to take these Wyandott lauds. Their certifi-
cate was refused in payment, and then the ques-
tion was referred to the Attorney General. It was
not done hastily, it was dorifc deliberately; ana
tliey referred the question to the Attorney Gen-
eral to know whether they were right. The At-
torney General says, on the 25th of September,
" Sir.: I tavc received vour communication of the 12th
instant, with the accompanying papers, asking my
on two questions stated by the Acting Conunissiouer of tile
General Land Office, in a communication addressed to your
predecessor on the 9th of September, 1844, con="gj"f
locution of a cei tificate sranted t0 the children ot Stephen
Johnston by the act of July 20, 1840.
" The questions are thus stated: _ . .
" 1. Whether an application could be legally made to lo-
cate lands before they were surveyed' .
"■1. If in the affirmative, is the application to locate the
aforesaid certificate on the Wyandott lands 'legal and ad-
not see any reason to disturb the decision made in
this case by Hon. Robert J. Walker, Secretary of the Treas-
JS'ow here comes up the fact that they had
written to Mr. Walker in regard to it, and h 
had made a decision that they were not entitled
to take this land; and then afterwards, persisting
in taking the lands, they went and bid them olt
and applied to the then Attorney General, Mr.
Mason, to know what his opinion was, and lie
gave the same opinion that had been given by
Mr. Walker. It is a persistent attempt, as the
Senator from Wisconsin has said, to get land
they were not entitled to, because its value was
greatly enhanced; and their conduct in trying to
get the Fort Snelling land is only an additional
proof that these men were pursuing a system of
land grab. Instead of taking their certificate and
locating It fairly upon any land that was then
surveyed and in the market when their certificate
was granted, they waited until the Government
obtained other and more valuable land, and then
they undertook to take a portion of that land.
Tliey obtained the views of the Attorney Gen-
eral on the subject; and because the United States
officers followed the advicc of your United states
attorneys, itisproposed to make the United States
pav interest. That is the theory of the bill. Be-
cause these men couid not be permitted to take
the land precisely where they wanted it, you are
to go back and appraise the value ot this Potta-
watomie land and then cast up-interest from that
time to this, and issue scrip for the amount. H
this should be done, I do not think anybody will
hereafter complain that the Government of tiie
United States were not very liberal in paying
claims against them and adding interest, too.
Now, sir, I desire to call attention to another
fact, i have not stopped to inquire whether they
