VMS
APPENDIX TO GOKGRlSSrONAL G-LOS®.
[February t,
3*7m Cons....3d Sess.
Ship Cabals—Mr. Segar.
Ho. of Reps.
that this Colonel Websteri* an unknown person,
-got up for the purpose of making a favorable re-
port.
- Mr. HOLMAN. The geiYtieman, of c6urse,
does not mean to rciisreprcs6nt nte.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Of course not,
Mi\ HOLMAN. I avoided expressing any
opinion as to Colonel Webster. I know nothing
about his position or capacity.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then the expla-
nation of the gentleman is that Colonel Webster
is so inconsiderable a person that he would not
descend to discus's him.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; I stated that 1 did
not know what his position was-.
Mr, KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well, if my
friend does not know him, he must, of course,
be a man of very hule note in this country.
Mr. HOLMAN. That tells against myself
and not against Colonel Webster.
Mr. KELLOGG of Illinois. Modesty is a pre-
dominant trait in my friend's character; so wc will
leave that subject. Colonel Webster Was directed
by the War Department to make an exploration,
and to make estimates for this work under a reso-
lution of this very House When you and I were
members. Wo directed the President or the Sec-
retary of War—I do not remember which—to
cause a competent engineer to make estimates of
this work, so1 that the House might act under-
standingly. The tusk w;\s committed to a gentle-
man whose standing, whethei lib be known to the
gentleman from Indiana or not, is as high that
of any man in the engineer corps of the United
States Army, a man of irreproachable character,
and who is doing most brave and gallant service
now in the Army. Sir, he has made an official
repot t, and he stands not alone. Ah competent
ft civil engineer as there is in America has had
charge of this canal and of this work for years, and
his estimate is precisely in accordance with that
of ColonrI Webater.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 hope my friend will permit
me to NUggest to him that Colonel Webster him-
self states in his report that he used the data
which he found in the office of the canal, and which
had been piepared by the appropriate officers of
the canal,
Mr, XCELLOGG, of Illinois. So he ought to
have done The canal in its present condition
was excavated and made on the estimates and
data furnished him, and from them he could best
judge of the coat of the extension of the work as
proposed. And let me tell the gentleman that ten
miles of that canal is now excavated in the solid
rock deep enough to admit the waters of Lake
Michigan. It was from the examination of facts
of that character that Colonel Webster came to
the conclusion that the estimates were correct. 1
have no more doubt of the correctness of these
estimates than l*lmve of the correctness of any
estimates ever made by any engineer. Hot, sir,
it is controverted by a report that hats been
sprung upon this Ibrnise. I say, in all kindness
to the gentleman who made that report, that 1 am
surprised. Will not his constituents be surprised?
But that is not my concern, is he not surprised
himsrlf that he, living in the city of New York,
should make such determined and persistent ob-
jection to a work that will, it completed, pour
into the lap of the great metropolis, the eitv of
New Yoikjtintuld millions of commerce? Who
is not surprised at it? i should have thought,
from Ins report, that he lived along the line of the
laiKvay that has divided ^5,000,000 this year upon
a capital of $13,000,000. lie knows best, how-
ever. lie is an honorable man, and I hope and
trust in Heaven that, he lias some excuse ior his
report, for i have the kindest regard for him, as 1
have for almost everybody.
Well, sir, that report was read and commented on
yesteuiay. i will not go ovei u now, but it seems
to have Jed the gentleman to the belief that instead
of $13,0(10,000 this work wiil cost much more;
(£50,000,000, the gentleman says.) The gentle-
man's imagination seems to have inrrens"d m
power since he wrote his report. The engineers
who have excavated ami made this canal estimate
that §13,000,000 will complete the work. Hut the
Committee on Naval Affairs, sitting in this mag-
nificent Capitol, wit it the luxuries of the committee
room about them—I will not. enumerate them, but
everything that makes life agreeable and pleasant
—have investigated the blasting of rocks, the earth
excavations, and the mud dredging of this canal.
Well, they may know better than the engineers,
for I have learned that in this progressive age the
man who has dug a canal does not know so well
how much it is necessary to deepen it, and how
much it wiil cost, as does a committee that sits in
the Capitol of the nation, and imagine that it will
cost a great deal of money, but exactly how much
they do not know. Well, sir, all I have to say is
that I am in the same category as my friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] I do notknow who it is
who gives the Naval Committee this information.
The committee have not deigned to tell us; sind in
conclusion upon that subject, I must say that great
men will differ, and there I leave this question of
figures.
Mr. Speaker, I assume that the work can be
done for the sum estimated; and so confident of
that fact are the friends of this measure that they
have appended to this bill a proposition that this
appropriation and the cession of the canal is made
upon the express condition that the State shall
pay the balance, if any be necessary, to complete
the work. We have pledged our faith to that,
and wc will stand by it. Let me refer for a mo-
ment to what the State of Illinois has done in this
very matter, and call the attention of gentlemen
to it. Sir, when Illinois was but sparsely settled,
we commenced the work of making a connection
between these great arteries of commerce, and the
Government stepped forward and gave uS the right
of way; and let me say to the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. White] that there is a right of way
already granted for ninety feet on each side of the
present canal, which will be sufficient for the pro-
posed extension.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I desire to say in
regard to my amendment, that when I offered it
1 was not aware ofthe fact which the gentleman
has just stated. I had been aware that in many
instances the right of way costs more than the
woik itself; but as the right of way is already se-
cured in this case, there will be no necessity for
my amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. In the sparsely
settled condition of our State, Mr. Speaker, we
engaged m this canal enterprise. Wc expended
millions of money on it, and gave bonds of the
State, which I am glad to see are iccognized by
my friend as valuable. We owe on that canal
over $^,000,000,on which wc ate paying interest.
We piopose to provide, oui selves, for that indebt-
edness of over $9,000,000 and the interest thereon,
and to turn the entire canal with all its receipts
and tolls over to the General Government, and to
forego every dollar of income therefrom until the
woik is finished and until the Government of the
United States is reimbursed every dollar loaned
to us to finish the canal and improve the Illinois
iivet.
Mr. WADS WORTH. Will the gentleman al-
low me to ask him what this canal has cost his
State ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It cost largely
more than these $;>,000,000, but 1 have not the
figures now brfoie me.
Mr. W ADS WORTH. Cannot the gentleman
give some appioxinuite amount?
Mr. KELLOGG, ot Illinois. I cannot state,
for 1 really do not know. We ask nothing as a
eluuity. We piopose to give to the Government
i ins «rreat work, which is already one of national
impol tance, and we propose to pay the interest
on the debt on it until the Government shall be
fully reimbursed every dollar of its expenditure.
Mr. WADSWOR'i'JI. Perhaps the gentle-
man's colleague may be able to give some inform
ation on that subject.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, The gentleman
will pardon me. I now want to .show that we only
propose that th'* Govei nmentshall loon its credit
to the completion of this great woik. The present
canal toils are. more than sufficient to pay the in-
terest on the debt. These tolls will be largely in-
creased by the extension ofthe work. From the
estimates of competent men who have had charge
of works of this character, and from the experience
of the New York canals and our own canals, we
are confident in saying to this House that within
one year, or, at furthest, within two years, after
the work shall have bden completed, the tolls will
pay every cent of interest on the bonds which we
ask to be appropriated to this enterprise. These
aresomeoftne commercial advantages;and before
I discuss the matter in its national, defensive, and
war aspect, I desire to say a word in connection
tirith the direct interest of some ofthe States.
I am more than surprised, Mr. Speaker, at the
opposition coming from the State of Pennsylvania.
This mighty and rolling tide of commerce thdt
bears in its course br'eadstuffs enough to feed th'e
world, passes directly to the doors of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania befoi-e me, [Mr. Bab-
bitt,] who lives on the shore of the great lakes,
through which Pennsylvania sends her coal west-
ward, and through which we send millions worth
of breadstuff's, which, at the point of the gentle-
man's residence, find entrance to Pennsylvania,
and spread through the entire State.- In God's
name, why is that gentleman opposed to this
measure? It seems to me, sir, that he, (whom I
know to be a gentleman of sound judgment gen-
erally,) on this subject, is wild and beside himself,
and that gentlemen from Michigan, New York,
and northern Ohio and Pennsylvania, who oppose
this measure, are opposing the direct interests of
their constituents. Those States have as much
interest in it as has any portion of the State of Il-
linois. Yet, so tied are we sometimes to these
notions of States and localities and imaginary
boundaries, that we are apt to forget that we are
one nation.
Would to Heaven, sir, that men could forget,
in questions like this, State and local interests,
and remember only that they are citizens of this
Republic. If those notions of State lines and
State rights had never prevailed, there would have
been no desolating rebellion in the land to-day.
There would have been no war, striking down the
best of our sons, and drinking up the blood of
our children and brothers. We have legislated
beneficially for the interests of Pennsylvania, for
the interests of New England, for the interests of
the Atlantic States; and we will again and again
legislate for them, when we can thereby advance
the best interests of our common country.
My time having now about expired, I hope my
colleague, who will speak to this question, will
discuss it in view of its importance as a coast
defense and war measure.
SHIP CANALS.
SPEECH OF HON. JOSEPH SEGAR,
Off YIIIGINIA,
In the House op Representatives,
February 7, 1863,
On the lui! for tlu: construction of ;i ship canal for tlte pas-
safe fit aimed and naval vessels irom the Mississippi uvor
to Lake Michigan, &c.
Mr. SEGA11. I ask a small portion of the time
of the House, Mr. Speaker, to assign the reasons
Unit impel me to cast my vote for this bill. Sir,
I was not a little surprised to hear the measure
proposed by the bill denominated by the distin-
guished gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Vooiuiees]
a local one—as being, to use his precise language,
" for the benefit of a local interest at the expense
of the entire body-politic." Mr. Speaker, 1 have
examined this whole subject as thoroughly as I
am able. I have read caiefully, and studied, the
masterly memoiial of the State of iXew York, pre-
pared by Mr. Xluggles—a State paper, which, for
comprehensive statesmanship, I venture to say,
has rarely been surpassed; and which is entitled
to the more respect that it emanates from one who
is,perhaps,the best authority in the United States
oil all questions relating to the internal improve-
ments of the country. I have looked as carefully
through the very able report of the Military Com-
mittee in approbation of the object of the bill,
and the very plausible adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, impartially weighmgand
conipaiing the data of each, and I have come to
the conclusion that few measures of broader na-
tional scope have ever been presented to the con-
sideration of Congress.
The commerce ofthe groat lakes is admitted by
all to be, m pecuniary'value, not less than four
hundred millions. It is the product of the labor
of the hardy yeomanry of the West, who felled
