£60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
roigUt have done it; but instead of going to any
court to get a decision on that land grant, or u
construction of the law, they come directly to
Qongress to ask relief. Congress was as patient
asi ever. They said they wanted a portion of tliese
Wyandott lands. Congresssaid they would pass
^'resolution directing that that certificate should
be received in payment of the Wyandott lands.
They did pass such a resolution; but before the
resolution got through Congress the lands were
-gold. Congress endeavored to do what was more
.than liberal for them; and yet because the land
■was'sold by the time thsy got this act through,
-.interest is to be cast on all this claim. No credit
is given to the Government for this liberality; but
the Government is sought to be put in default and
interest charged upon the claim.
Then, after they found the Wyandott lands
were gone,how did these claimants behave ? Did
they attempt to locate the certificate anywhere
-else? Not at all. Did they come to Congress
and say, " the Wyandott lands are all gone; give
Jjs something else'" No; but they said they had
lost their certificate. Did Congress take any ad-
vantage of the loss of the certificate ? Not at all;
they got a copy, properly authenticated, that they
could use instead of their Original certificate from
-the Land Office. They were rectus in curia; and
when the Fort Snelling land was sold, which was
Understood to be worth §1,000 an acre, these peo-
ple started up from their quietude. From 1847,
\vhen Congress passed that resolution, up to 1855,
when the Fort Snelling reservation was put in the
market to be sold, they did not move a step that
I can find, except to get a certificate in proper
shape, by getting an authenticated copy; and there
is no evidence in this case—if there is, 1 am ready
to be corrected, because I speak from the record
.J have—that these people ever attempted to locate
that land anywhere except upon the Wyandott
reservation and ufJbn the Fort Snelling reserva-
tion, in both cases where they were forbidden to
do so.
Well, sir, they were not content then. The
Land Commissioner said, " You cannot have a
portion of this Fort Snelling reservation; it is in
defiance of the law of Congress; the law does not
contemplate that you should have it." These
claimants were not satisfied. They then took a
very proper course. They went into the Court
of Claims. They said, " we ought to be allowed
to locate it there; it was wrong in the officers of
the Government to prevent our doing it. We will
go to the tribunal established by Congress and
see how that was." They went into the Court
of Claims; they presented their petition; they set
out all these facts; they had a full and fair and
patient hearing. Tliey were in that Court of
Claims from 1855, when the petition was dated,
up to 1861, I think, when the report was made.
They were there six years. They cannot com-
plain that they were not long and patiently heard.
They had a full hearing, as nppears by the record.
I will read the finding of the Court, and 1 co m-
mend it to the attention of Senators who differ
from me in this case:
" Then: can bo no doubt thru the petitioners' certificate
has not beun satisfied; but it is suit valid."
They have still got that certificate which was
granted to them in 1841, under the act of 1840,
and it is still a valid certificate, say the court.
What need of legislation then?
Mr. SEIEllMAN. What do you say of the
limitation contained in the act you read a moment
ago, which made it expressly void in 1843?
Mr. CLARK. Let me read along:
"Awl may at any time bo used by them in the puicha&e
of any half >oot ion of the'public lauds' of the United States
not subject preemption which may be offered toi t«a!e
Under the general land laws. To effect tins object no fur-
ther legislation i* neccssaiy; the claim now set up by them
is not well founded."
It is suggested to me to read the decision of the
court in regard to this matter of the Fort-Snelling
land, because it shows very clearly the ground on
which the Wyandott matter stood. The court
say:
" Prior to the passage of this act, tiie lands titus authorized
to be hold, though belonging to the United States, were not
a part of the' public lands' of the United States."
Nor were the Wyandott lands a part'of the
public lands. I say it was not contemplated by
that certificate that it ever shbultl be located upon
other than the public lands.
"It directed the lands embraced by It to be sold, not
under the provisions of the general land laws, but in pur-
suance of its own special provisions. Before its passage
these iands were the absolute property of the United States,
not subject to the certificate of the petitioners, and in dis-
posing of ihem in such a manner as not to subject them to
that certificate, they did no wrong to the petitioners."
Here is a decision of the Court of Claims that
the Government had the right to dispose of the
Fort Snelling lands without subjecting them to
the certificate of these petitioners. They had the
right to do it, and they did these petitioners no
wrong. The same thing may be affirmed in re-
gard,to the Wyandott lands.. The Government
directed exactly how they should be sold,and how
the bids should be received. They never were a part
of the public lands, or put into the market in th e
sense that the other public lands were. I submit
to Senators, when that certificate was granted in
1841, both parties contemplated it to be located on
the public lands. That was the contemplation of
the act of Congress, that it should be located on
the publiclands; and when these claimants sought
to divert it fiom its original intention, and instead
of locating it on the public lands to locate it on
these lands which had been reserved or otherwise
detained by the United States, they sought to
defeat the very action of the Government, or to
obtain advantages that were not granted to them.
Now, Mr. President, how does this matter stand
before the Senate? These parties after they had
been refused the location of their certificate on the
Fort Snelling land went to the Court of Claims.
I will read a portion of the prayer of the petition-
ers to that court. The honorable Senator from
Ohio did not desire that I should read it at the
time I called his attention to it. They set out
all the facts; they allude to the original treaty;
they allude to the death of their ancestor; to the
location of the land under the treaty; to the action
of Congress in 1840; to the granting of the certifi-
cate in 1841; to the attempt to purchase the Wy-
andott land m 1845; to the resolution of Congress
in 1847; to their attempt to obtain the Fort Snel-
h-ng land in 185£; and then they apply to the
Court of Claims, and this is their prayer:
"They therefore pray that if, upon the hearing ef this
cauve, it shall appoar to your honors that the application
for the land was legal and admissible in behalf ol the peti-
tioneis, and wrongfully rejected by the officers of the Uni-
ted States, that pioof may be taken of the value of the
land"—
What land ? The Fort Snelling land. That
was the controversy then. They were to take
proof of the value of the Fort Snelling land—
" and the amount so established phall be paid to them."
Paid in what? Money. Nothing else is spe-
cified. That wan the petitioner's prayer when
they were in the Court of Claims. The report
of the Court of Claims was made to Congress.
It was referred to the Committee of the Whole in
the Mouse, I think, and the Committee on Private
Land Claims in theSenatc; and the House passed
a bill for what? Not to appraise the Fort Snel-
ling land, but they passed a billdirccting the Court
of Claims to go behind the Fort Snelling location,
to go behind the Wyandott location, to go behind
the granting of the certificate, and go back and
appraise these Pottawatomie lands and see what
they were worth, and when they have ascertained
their value, they direct them to compute the in-
terest on the value of that land from 1841 down
to the time of the passage of this bill, and then
j issue land scrip for the whole amount.
! 1 submit to Senators here whether the United
| States have done anything that should subject
| them to any such measures on the part of the
Senate or the House. I ask if there is any default
any where that the Government should be mulcted
in an amount of interest which will nearly double
the amount of the original claim, because these
parties have seen fit to let the time run by and
attempted to locate their land on the Wyandott
lands, and when they could not get that, laid by
for a period often years without making any effort
to locate that land, and then attempted to locate it
on the Fort Snelling land; and when they could
not get that come in here and complain that the
value of the publiclands is now destroyed, i say
to these people, you might have had your land in
1841; you might have had it in 1842, if you had
taken it upon the land fairly within the contem-
plation of the resolution; that is upon the public
lands; you might have had the Maumeeland,
which you had in your mind when you received
the certificate; but you let it run by and did not
take it. If the value of the land, as has been said
by the Senator from Ohio, is depreciated, whose
fault is it that they did not get it? Not the fault
of the Government certainly. I do not mean to
say that the value of the lands has depreciated. I
agree with the Senator from Iowa in that par-
ticular; but if it had, whose fault is it ? I think it
is apparent from the beginning to the end in the
whole history and the whole management of this
case that these people have laid by for the purpose
of seizing upon some land which was of great
value, and thereby enriching themselves at the ex-
pense of the public. I can give no countenance to
any such proceeding. I am in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, because it seems
to' me to be fair and just. At any rate we should
be rid of all thisamount of interest, and the Gov-
ernment should not be chargeable with any such
enormous sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. My vote on this bill will
be controlled by a very few considerations and
facts, none of which, 1 believe, will be disputed
by the Senator from New Hampshire or by the
Senator from Iowa. There is no doubt but what
the heirs of Stephen Johnston are entitled to re-
ceive from the United States, under the treaty re-
ferred to, a half section of land. They were
minors at the time the treaty was made, and the
United States assumed as trustee to locate the
land for them. There is no doubt or contro-
versy about that. They have never received that
land. They have never derived any benefit from
the reservation made to them by the Indiarrs.
The United States failed on its part to comply
with the treaty stipulations. That is admitted
on all hands. The United States did not select
for them half a section of land in compliance
with that treaty; and the heirs of Stephen John-
ston to this day have never derived any benefit
whatever from that reservation made by the In-
dians. This makes a clear and plain claim of
something due to the heirs of Stephen John-
ston. What is it, or what shall it be? That
is the only question before us. The Senator does
not deny but what the United States now pos-
sess something which the heirs of Stephen John-
ston have a right to have, and that these heirs
have never received that which the United States
agreed to give them. There is no doubt about
that.
Now, how shall we measure the damages sus-
tained by the heirs of Stephen Johnston ? That,
it seems to me, is the only question. I shall not
follow Senators into the weary examination in
regard to the Fort Snelftng reservation, and tho
Wyandott reservation, and all the various at-
tempts of the heirs of Stephen Johnston to get
their rights. Perhaps they have been too greedy;
I do not know. Perhaps they have attempted to
acquire more than they ought to have done; I do
not know. But I do know that they are entitled
to receive something from the United States; that
the United States did not comply with the treaty
stipulation made on their behalf; and that the
United States owes it to common justice to give
them some remedy. Now, what is proposed ? It
is proposed to enable the Court of Claims to as-
sess the moneyed value of their undisputed right
in 1841. Going back of all these disputed trans-
actions, it is now proposed to allow the Court of
Claims, a court established by us, to estimate in
money the value of the claim of Stephen John-
ston's heirs, as it existed in 1841; and having as-
certained this—not by taking the town site of
Logansport as the standard of value; not by tak-
ing the town site of Peru as the stand aid of value;
but by taking the fair money value of a location
within a certain district of country, and estimating
that as the measure of damages, to give these heirs
land to the amount of that sum, together with
simple interest from that time. That, I believe,
is the bill, and that is all there is of it. Under it
the Court of Claims would assess what would be a
reasonable and fair value of a location within a
certain district in 1841. That is a thing that can
be easily ascertained by the testimony of wit-
nesses. Some lands in that distiict were prob-
ably at that time not worth more than $1 25 per
acre*, other lands were worth thirty or forty dol-
lars an acre. A judicious and fair court might
arrive at a fair estimate of the value of lands in
1841 within that district, which the heirs of Ste-
phen Johnston were entitled to, simply because
the United States had utterly failed to comply
