1863.
1MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with its contract to select them a half-section of
land under the treaty with the Indians. It seems
to mo that this ought to be rendered to them.
I do not now go into the controversy whether
they had a right to the lands selected by them
in the Wyandott reservation; but they have an
undoubted right to the value of a half section of
land in 1841 which the United States failed to se-
lect for tliem, having agreed to select it, and inter-
est from that time. As this bill'simply gives
lliem that and no more, it seems to me it is but a
simple act of justice to pass it. If we adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, this bill is
sent back to the House of Representatives, and
the heirs of Stephen Johnston are again without
remedy. It reminds me of the case of Jarndyce
vs. Jarndyce, in the Bleak House, where a very
honest claimant endeavored to pursue a very hon-
est claim through a series of years until lie be-
came impoverished and ruined. These men, in
1841, had a just claim against the United States.
That is admitted on all hands. Up to this time
they'hnve never received anything for it; anil now
it is proposed they shall take, in satisfaction of
all their claims, the value of their claim in 1841
with interest; and I think we cannot do less than
give it.
Mr. HARLAN. Before the Senator concludes
his remarks, I should like to know whether he
intends to make this a precedent to be followed
in the future? At the last session of Congress
we granted land scrip for a Louisiana claim of
land, acre for acre. The parties were prepared
to come in and show that at the time the Govern-
ment took it it was worth $100 an acre, and they
claimed eighteen or twenty thousand acres. Con-
gress gave them land scrip, acre for acre, for
the amount of land they would have been en-
titled to if the Government had not taken the land
and sold it; and that-has been the rule this Gov-
ernment has always followed when any party by
any means was deprived of lands to which he was
entitled to give him scrip, acre for acre, and not
to estimate the supposed value of the land.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know anything
about the numerous cases arising under our land
laws, because I am not very familiar with them.
Here is a c.ise that is now presented to us whether
we will do these men an act of justice. A state-
ment of it, I believe, will convince the Senator
from Iowa that wo do owe them something.
Mr. HARLAN. If this New York gentleman
should come back now, and ask to have money
in place of this land scrip, which we granted at
the last session of Congiess for, I think, about
eighteen thousand acrcs, and be allowed to come
back and prove what it was worth at the time lie
took it, I want to know whether the Senator will
distinguish between this case and that, so that we
shall not be compelled to go back and estimate for
this purpose, which will involve us in the expend-
iture of hundreds of millions in the end.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill does not give any
money; but simply land scrip.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will pardon
me, it amounts to that. It is not acre for acre for
a certain number of acres, but land scri^ of the
value of the land scrip in the market, which is to
estimate it as a kind of money, as a kind of cur-
rency. This has never been done before by Con-
gress. It will be an entirely new thing; a prece-
dent perhaps to be followed hereafter; but I hope
not. , ,
Mr. SHERMAN. After all, ltonlycomes back
to my original proposition. We simply propose
to do what everybody deems ought to have been
done in 1841, to give them what was then due
them, with accruing interest. I have said all I
desire to say about it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This claim has been elab-
orately examined by the Court of Claims, and the
court have arrived at a judgment. These pat-
ties have not been damnified at all. They have
had their scrip all the while in their possession,
and there has not been an hour when they could
not have their rights.
Mr. RICE. Since when?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Since the time this was
issued.
Mr. RICE. When was that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In 1847.
Mr. RICE. Allow me to say one word there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I prefer not to be interrupted
just at this point, because I want to read what the
court say. The court say; " There is no doubt
that the petitioner's certificate has not been satis-
fied." Why not? Because under that certificate,
they endeavored first to steal lands from the Wy-
andott reservation, to which they had no title;
and when they were defeated in that, they sought
to steal three hundred and twenty acres o'f the
Fort Snelling reservation, which at the time was
supposed to be worth $1,000 an acre, instead of
going and locating their scrip, as they had a
right to do, anywhere on the public lands which
were offered for sale under the general land laws;
which was the fair construction of this certificate.
They have no right to complain of Congress at
all. It is their own fault, their own folly, their
own avarice, their own disposition to get hold of
the public larfds to which they have no title that
has delayed them. That is the difficulty it) this
case.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin permit me to ask him a question? If
I understand this case it occupies about this posi-
tion: in 3841, or about that time, these parties sur-
rendered some land to the Government. The Gov-
ernment agreed that they might locate this scrip on
any land that was not subject to preemption. All
the land of the United State's, as the Senatorknows,
was subject to preemption except reservations.
Now where could these parties go ?
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Senator
fromlllinois when the pieemption law passed? If
I remember aright it was passed in 1841. This
act passed in 1840, preceding that.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator will par-
don me. We had preemption laws prior to 1841,
but they were limited in their duration. In 1841,
for the first time, if my memory serves me,wehad
preemption laws passed which were permanent. I
may be mistaken in reference to that, however. If
I understand this discussion, these parties were
precluded from selecting their land anywhere else
except where they attempted to locate it.
Mr. HARLAN. That is an error.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I shall be happy
to be corrected.
Mr. HARLAN. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Court
of Claims have all held that they could have lo-
cated their certificate on any land that was sub-
ject to be taken up by a preemptor. That is what
'it meant. They mightdo that any whine,and can
now. They know they can. Mr. Johnston told
me that he knew they couid.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, wc must
deal fairly and honestly with these things. After
these tribunals have decided upon it, these par-
ties are driven, before they can locate their land,
to where the land is now comparatively valueless.
If the Senator from Iowa had sold me land in
1841, to which he had not good title, I could have
gone into the courts of justice and compelled him
to pay me back the money, with interest upon it
fur the time he had it. Ought not this Govern-
ment to do just as much as we could make indi-
viduals do ?
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand that to be .
this case by any means. They attempted to go
and get land that was not conveyed to them.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, the Gov-
ernment granted this certificate, if 1 understand
the case, on the condition that it was not to be lo-
cated upon any land subject to preemption. After
long litigation and long years have passed, the
courtdecide that they may locate it upon anything
that is liable to preemption; but I am not for turn-
ing these parties out, without rendering them that
justice that we ought to have rendered to them
without driving them through all these courts. I
do not agree with the doctrine that is laid down
by gentlemen here in the debate, that where the
Government sells land to which it has no title, it
ought not to remunerate the party fully, and pay
him interest besides paying him back the money.
Having listened with some attention to the debate
which has occured here, I see no reason why this
bill ought not in justice to pass, and let the Court
of Claims decide fairly and honestly what the
Government owes to these heirs; and when so as-
certained, it should be paid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator trom
Iowa, on which the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
The question feeing taken by yeas ami nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 19; as follows: • *■ ~J
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Cotlamer, Dijon, Doolitt)e|¥eg-
senden, Foster,Grimes, Harding, Harlan, Henderson,Howe,
King, Lane of Kan&as, Morrill, Nesiuith, Ten Ey«k, anii
Wilmot—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Foot, Harris, How-
ard, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Pomeroy, Powell, Kice,
Richardson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner,Trumbull, Tnr-
pie, Wade, Wall, and Willey—19.
So t!ie amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the bill by
striking out in the third, fourth, fifth, and sixtfi
lines of the second section, the words "which is
hereby required,said court shall add interestupon
the value so determined from February 2, 1841,
and thereupon to," and to insert the words " the
said court shall," so that it will read.
That when the value of such location shall be so ascer-
tained by the proof and thereupon determined by the court,
said court shall ascertain and determine what amount <Jf
land scrip of the United States, as hereinafter provided,
may be necessary to be issued, &c.
The effect of this amendment is to get rid of that
part of the bill which provides for paying interest.
It leaves the court to ascertain the value of the
land as it was surrendered in 1841, but it does not
compel the Government to pay interest from that
time forward.
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment willnol
prevail. It would work great injustice to these
heirs, and it is certainly in accordance with the
general principles of law that this interest should
be paid. I do not wish to argue it.
Mr. CLARK. I will ask for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Clark,Coll,imer, Dixon, l)oo-
littie, Fesseilden, Fostei, Grimes, Ilarlan, Henderson,
Howe, King, Lime of Kansas, Morrill, Ten Eyek, Trum-
bull, Wilkinson, and Wilmot—lb.
NAYS—Me srs. Cowan, Davis, Foot, Harding, Harris,
Hicks, Howard, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana,Pomeroy, Rice,
Richaid-on, Sanlsbuiv, Sherman, Sumner,Turpie, Wade,
Wall, Willey, and Wilson of Missouri—20.
So the amendment was rejectee!.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the bill ought to be
amended in the second section so as to make the
amount of land scrip conform to an award in
money at SI 25 an acre. If I heard the bill cor-
rectly, it will grant much more than the Sena-
tor from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] intends shall be
granted. According to his construction of the
language, he thinks rt would have to be estimated
at $1 25 by the court, and I should like to have it
amended so as conform to his construction. I
call the attention of the Senate to the second sec-
tion, commencing oil the sixth line:
" Thereupon to ascertain and determine what amount of
land pci ip ol the United States, as Hereinafter provided, may
b£ necessary to be issued to said heirs in compensation and
satisfaction of the amount so ascertained and determined
by the court, and thereupon said court shall order the
amount so ascertained to be issued."
It seems to me that ought to be amended so as
to limit it to the number of acres that would be
covered estimating it at $1 25 an acre.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of the Sen-
ator I will state that in my judgment this is as
clear as it can be made. It provides that the
amount of the principal shall be ascertained, then
the interest, and then that the court shall ascer-
tain how many acres of land will make the
amount; and then on the very next .page it pro-
vides, i' and said land scrip, if offered, shall be
receivable in payment of any lands of the United
States, the sale of which is authorized by law, the
value of said scrip to be estimated at $1 25 for
each acre of hind therein named; that is to say,
scrip for eighty acres of land sh&U be deemed to
be of the value of §100." This clause expressly
provides that in estimating the value of the land,
it shall be done as " hereinafter" prescribed; and
the same section afterwards prescribes the value
of the land scrip at $1 25 an acrc. I do not think
there is any doubt about it as it stands.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer to have it made cer-
tain, and hence I move to amend the bill by in-
serting in the eleventh line of the second section,
after the word "issue's," the words "estimating
the said scrip at §1 25 per acre."
Mr. SHERMAN, I should not have the slight-
est objection to that; I think that is the law now;
but the effect of any amendment, of course, at this
stage of the session will be probably to defeat the
