1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-;
>Tth Cong....3d Sess.
Ship Canals-—Mr. Seg.ar.
Ho. 03? Reps.
the western forests, and is an element of the na-
tional prosperity and power, requiring, if it be
exposed and insecure, ample protection. It fur-
nishes meat and bread to millions of our fellow-
citizens of the East, who are engaged in other than
agricultural pursuits, and pays for the manufac-
tures of the East consumed by the people of the
West. And the cereal portion of it, now that cot-
ton lias almost ceased to bean export, is the* basis
of the foreign importations that are to constitute
the customs revenue of the country, now so ne-
cessary to pay the interest on the public debt cre-
ated by the rebellion. A commerce representing
interests so expanded and vital is surely a matter
of .the highest national consideration.
Ought this vast commerce to be liable even to
interruption ? To answer this question we must
look at the consequences of the interruption. Sup-
pose, then, that our neighbor, Great Britain,
should, with evil intent, suddenly speck the lakes
with her iron-clad steamers, what would be the
result but the sweeping from their bosom of this
great commerce and the shipping it employs? And
what would next follow? Why, first, four hun-
dred millions of the hard labor of the western peo-
ple would be in a few days annihilated—"deep in
the bosom of the ocean buried"—and the millions
upon millions of western products would be cut
off from their best market, so long as the mari-
time supremacy of this neighbor should be main-
tained. Secondly, our eastern fellow-citizens
would be as suddenly cut off from their supplies
of cereals and other provisions, and would be in
at least temporary danger of starvation. Thirdly,
the western people would be deprived of their
usual supplies of eastern fabrics of every descrip-
tion, and would suffer for necessary raiment and
other indispensable articles of comfort. The shoes
and boots of Lynn, and the woolens and cottons
of Lowell and Lawrence, and the thousand other
products of the vaiious workshops of New Eng-
land, would go Westin but limited quantities, and
by some out-of-the-way and costly transit. And,
fourthly, the large cereal export to foreign coun-
tries, now amounting to $93,000,000 a year would
cease, and there being no export of cotton in con -
sequence of the rebellion, there would be nothing
with which to pay for the foreign imports, from
which we expect to derive a specie contribution
to the Treasury, now indispensable in our finan-
cial arrangements.
Sir, this commerce involves the vitality, I might
say the very existence, of the nation. It is its
heart's blood; it is its labor, its bread and meat,
its revenue. Is such a commerce a " local inter-
est?" And can that which is designed to afford
security to it be said to be 44 for the benefit of a
local interest at the expense of the entire body-
politic?" Sir, it is difficult to imagine anything
more national than this wonderful lake trade; and
it follows, necessarily, that all measures having
for their object its protection, presei vation, and
augmen tation, arc of supreme national importance.
The next question arising is, is this commerce
exposed and insecure? No one can doubt it who
looks to the facts. Great Britain, ever mindful of
her interests, and ever profiting by the maxim that
a time of peace is the time to prepare for war,
more than thirty-five years ago set about the con-
struction of a number of canals around the rapids
of the St. Lawrence, which, by reason of their
great capacity, afford her easy naval access from
the ocean to the lakes. Through these canals she
can, keeping her designs to herself until her prep- j
aration shall have been completed, in a few days !
have her gunboats swarming over the lakes, and
destroy our commerce and shipping befoie we
could know what she was about.
Take^an illustration. Our present relations with
Great Britain are not the most satisfactory. Un-
der an insincere neutrality she is allowing the
sinews of war to be furnished every week to the
tcbels. Now, suppose that to get cotton and give
broad to her starving laborers and artisans she
should determine to intervene in American afFans,
(which is by no means even improbable,) expect-
ing, as she well might, and doubtless does, a war
with the United States as a result of intervention;
what is to prevent her from rushing her iron-clad
steamers upon the lakes to annihilate our com-
merce, and shell every American city upon their
shores? There is certainly no physical hindr-
ance; for the depth of channel and size of the locks
of her canals are amply sufficient to admit the most
effective class of iron-clads to the lakes. This is
questioned by some gentlemen who have opposed
this bill, but they have not disproved it. In fact,
the whole question is one of mathematical calcu-
lation. A certain depth of water, and a certain
cubic capacity of locks, will admit the passage of
certain sized vessels; the calculation has been
made by eminent engineers, and the problem
affirmatively solvedand there is the end of the
question.
But how is it with our own canals? By the same
solution it is as satisfactorily ascertained that our
naval vessels cannot, through them, enter the
lakes; so that, without enlargement, there is this
difference between us and Great Britain: she can,
at short notice, send any number of war steamers
to the lakes, while we cannot send one. At such
a disadvantage, and a present, existing one, we
may well tremble for the safety of our commer-
cial interests on these inland seas.
But will the proposed enlargement of our canals
be an adequate measure of protection ? That de-
pends on a single and very simple point: whether,
after enlargement, the Illinois and New York
canals willadmitourgunboats; and thatis aques-
tion to be solved by mathematics and the engi-
neers. The latter have solved it. They do not
seem to hesitate, even. They say the thing can be
done. And on such a point, the judgment of one
skillful engineer is of more account than the opin-
ions of all the civilians in this House together.
Mr. Ericsson, the inventor of the Monitor, Mr.
Webster, a distinguished engineer, who, in his
letter to the Secretary of War, exhibits high pro-
fessional accomplishment and superior intellect,
and Rear Admiral Porter, who knows all about
our gunboats from practical handling and expe-
rience, should be, with practical men at least,
quite as reliable authority as the members of this
body not professionally informed in the premises.
Mr. Speaker, for one, I do not listen with very
willing car to these suggestions of impracticabil-
ity. They are usually the promptings of coward
timidity, or a weak skepticism. I have had oc-
casion to observe, that ever since the internal im-
provement policy opened in this country, there
nave been evcron hand those who were "of little
faith," and who were always ready to defeat val-
uable measures by interposing their incredulity.
When the Eiie canal was proposed by the im-
mortal Clinton, the opponents of it argued that
the taxation necessary to construct it would for-
ever ruin the people of New York, and they used
to ask, "where is the water to come from to fill
thegreatditch?" "Alas, (said they,) the tears of
the people will fill it!" And yet the great ditch
was filled—not with the tears of the people, but
with the commingling waters of the Hudson and
the lakes; and instead of the teats of the people
shed over a hard taxation, the people of New
York, by this magnificent conception of Clinton's
genius, have been enriched forever, and virtually
relieved from all taxation. Results have come
of the "great ditch" which almost nval the fa-
bles of Eastern story; a tiudc almost fabulous
floats annually on Us bosom; a perennial stream
of golden current rushes into the treasury of the
State of New York; by means of Us imperial in-
come, the blessed lights of education iiiummc
every cottage and hut within her broad domain;
her wealth is well-nigh immcasmable; her credit
next to illimitable; her power as a single Com-
monwealth unsurpassed; and the wreath of com-
mercial empire encircles her brow, to freshen and
fr< shen on forever. Often, too, in the Legislature
of my own State, when the friends of enterprise
and progress advocated railroad and canal com-
munications between her tide-water and the Ohio,
were they told that the idea of can ymg a railroad
or canal across the mountains was preposterous.
And so the Committee on Naval Affairs tell us—
with honest opinion, no doubt—that if the locks
of the New York canals be enlarged, theie will
be an insufficiency of water to supply them. The
answer is, to modern engineering scarcely any-
thing is impracticable. H'has supplied the sum-
mit levels of canals on many a mountain top;
built railways along the steep mountain side and
over the lofty Alleghanies; and the word "fail"
is scarcely known in its vocabulary.
The scheme, then, of this bill for the protection
of the lake commerce is entirely feasible. And <
what appertains to it in thia regard applies equally -
to it as a measure of military defense for the whole
country bordering on th^ lakes, and to its ma«y .
cities. It is a double defense. It not only brings
in the impenetrable iron-clad, with its broad- :
mouthed artillery, to defend our lake coasts and '
drive off our enemies, but it throws the segis of'
its protection over the vast cereal and provision
trade, which, as I have before said, is the very
vitality of the nation. Indeed, Mr. Speaker, the
commerce of the Jakes is the nation's best defense
—its indispensable defense. Strike it down, and
you strike a heavier blow at the national defenses
than you would by demolishing a thousand forts;
and the enerny harassing this commerce would
do us far more injury than he could by leveling
every intrenchment we could raise, because he
would be interrupting* a trade by which two great
sections of the country subsist, and which is one
great source of indispensable Treasury supply.
Will God's channel, as the gentleman from Indi-
ana styles it, the Mississippi, give us the desired
security when British armed cruisers shall be at
all points.roving over the lakes?
The bill before us, then, is not a bill " for the
benefit of a local interest." No, sir; its object is
a great national one. It has, if I may so speak,
a sweeping nationality, and shall therefore receive
my support.
It is broadly national in another aspect. Mr.
Speaker, it was my fortune to have been con-
nected for more than a quarter of a century with
the internal improvement system of my native
State. On all theaters, on the hustings, at the cross-
roads, in the columns of the public press, and in
the halls of legislation, I advocated earnestly the
policy of internal improvements asa greatinstru-
mcntality of material, social, commercial, and
political development. I knew that my State pos-
sessed in endless abundance all the elements of
individual and national wealth. While cold, bleak
Massachusetts rejoices in granite and ice as im-
portant items of export, I knew that my more
favored State had exhaustless agricultural capa-
bilities, and mineral wealth enough to supply the
demands of a continent. And I saw as plainly as
I ever saw God's sun in the heavens, that all that
was wanting to bring out this latent treasure and
make hera prosperous and great Commonwealth,
was some system of easy and cheap transit to the
markets of the world. I knew well that the tramp
and snort of the iron horse and the splash of the
boatman's oar would wake it up from its sleep of
ages. Well, sir, my anticipations, buoyant and
glowing as they were, were more than realized.
Virginia, Mr. Speaker, the land of coal and iron
and copper and salt and gypsum, of noble har-
bors and roadsteads, and capacious water power,
as she is of heroes, orators, and statesmen, was
advancing at steady gait to prosperity and grand-
eur, when heronwaid march was suddenly ar-
rested by this ill-omened rebellion. Now, sir, on
the sameground on which I sustained the Virginia
system of internal improvements, I sustain the
measure embraced in this bill. It will be a grand
agency of material development; not local, but
national development. It is a law of development,
now conclusively settled by the history of mod-
ern internal improvements, that the opening of
any new and cheap channel of transit to market,
gieatly stimulates production. The cheaper the
transit, the greater the stimulus; and the greater
the capacity of the channel, the cheaper the trans-
put tation. The truth of the proposition is known
to all, and therefore needs no illustration.
Now, apply this creative principle to the vast
country which will come within the scope of the
proposed enlarged channels of intercommunica-
tion. Cast your eye over it. It extends from
the base of the Rocky mountains to the lakes.
It is wateied by numerous navigable streams emp-
tying into the Mississippi, and having, therefore,
to that point, water transportation, the cheapest
known. How broad a field for the operation of
the stimulating principle I am considering! It
will make the West a mighty empire—will impart
to the productive capacities of thdtgrcat region of
our common country a magnificence that may
well be the envy and the wonder of nations, and
that may well be eur own pride, as it will be a
