THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
bill, although I think that is the plain meaning of
the law now.
Mt. HARLAN. Then let us make it certain.
Mr. WADE. 1 think with my colleague that
it is as clear now as it can be made. It is only
attaching an amendment to the bill that will send
it to the other House and delay it, perhaps jeop-
ardize its passage. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. To allow Senators to decide
this matter for themselves, and show that this
amendment is not necessary, I will read the
phraseology of the bill:
,<That when the value of such a selection shall be so
ascertained by the proof, andtheieupon determined by the
court, winch "is hereby required, said court shall add inter-
est upon .he value so determined tiom Februarys, 1841,
And thereupon to ascertain and determine what amount
of laud .scrip of the United States, as hereinafter provided,
may be necessary to be issued to said heirs, m compensa-
tion and Kuisfactlou of the amount so ascertained and de-
termined by the court, and thereupon said court shall order
the amount so ascertained to be issued."
The same section, on the very next page, pro-
vides the manner in which the value of the scrip
shall be ascertained:
"And said land scrip, If offered, «hnll be receivable in
pajmientofany lands ot the United skate*, the sale of which
is authorized by law. the valu«  ot said scrip to he estimated
at §1 2"> for each acre of land therein named; that is to
say, Scrip for eighty acres of laud shall be deemed to be
of'tlw? value of $100, and shall bu teceived a? no m'ich
money when offered in payment of land worth nioic than
$1 25 per acre," &.c.
I do not think you can make it mucli clearer
than that, it is perfectly clear as it is.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Clark, Collamei, Dixon, Doo-
Jittle, Foster, Grimes, Hail.in, Henderson, ilowu, King,
Lane of'Kaina% Mom)!, and Wilinot—14.
NAYS—>Jvsms. Cowan. Foot, Hauling, Harris, Howard,
Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Pomerov, Powell.
Rice, Uteh iriNon, Sheimun, Sumner, Trumbull, Tmpic,
Wade, Wall, Wilkliihou, Will'-y, Wilson of Massachusetts,
% and YVtlson of Missouri—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third tune.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I d<t*irc to say one word
on the passage of this hill, in reply to what the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has just stated.
This land scrip is to be issued at its market value,
and to be received for lands at #1 25 an acre.
That is the construction of the second section.
That is the fair construction. The court is to es-
timate the value of the land scrip, and determine
how much scrip shall be necessary to pay these
heirs for what this land upon the Wabash was
worth m 1^41, with interest to this date; and then
it goes on to provide that this scrip, when offered
in payment of the public lands, shall be received
at $1 525 an acre. Let me read it:
''And said land -crip, If offered, shall be receivable in pay-
ment of any lands ot the United States the sale ot winch is
authorized by law, the value ot said scrip to be estimated
at $1 2o for each acre of land therein named ; that i* to say,
pciip for eighty acres of land shall be deemed to be of the
value of $100, and «ha!l be received as so much money when
offered in payment of land worth more than $1 25 pet acre."
For instance, when lands are offered that are
appraised at $2 50 an acre, then you have to give
your scrip for two acres of land in order to getone.
Sir, in reference to this bill, and from'the be-
ginning, the whole attempt of these heirs, in my
judgment, is but a repetition of the claim of the
heirs of George Fisher, deceased, of Alabama,
it seems to me that we are about to enact a great
imposition upon Congress if that section is to pass
without being amended. We pay out the land
scrip at its market value and take it in at §1 25
an Here, in payment of any lands for which they
offer it, if their land is worth more than $1 25 an
acre or not.
Mr. HOWE. I wish my colleague would point
to that portion of the bill upon which he predi-
cates the idea that the scrip is to be issued at the
market value. I am weU^atisfied that it is to be
received at $1 25 an acre.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The first section provides
that the court shall appraise the value of the land.
The second section .says this:
Skc. 2. ~i)il be it /wither enacted, That when the value
of csuch a selection shall be ao ascertained by the proof, and
thereupon determined by the court, which is hereby re-
quired, said court shall add interest upon the value so de-
termined from FebiuaryS, 1841, and thereupon to ascertain
and determine what amount of land scrip of the United
States, as hereinafter provided, may bo necessary to bo is-
sued to said heirs in compensation and satisfaction of the
amount &o ascertained and determined by the court, and
thereupon said court shall oider the amouutsoasceitaincd
to be issued ; and the Secretary of the Interior of the Uni-
ted States shall,and he is heieby,authorized and required,
upon the order aforesaid,and the surrenderofthelaudcer-
tificate now held by said heirs to the United States, to cause
to be issued to said heirs, to wit: to Stephen Johnston and
his heirs and assigns, and to Eliza Winans and her heirs
and assigns, in equal proportion^, severally, land scrip of
the United States to the amount ascertained and determ-
ined by the court aforesaid, which scrip shall be receivable
in payment for any land-s of the United States subject to
private entry, the minimum price of winch docs not exceed
$1 25 per acie for each acre mentioned m the certificates
of scrip so issued; and said land sci ip, if offeied, shall be
receivable in payment of any lands of the United States the
sale of which is authorized by law, the value of said sciip
to be ectimatpd at.$l 25 lor each acte of land therein named;
that is to sav, scrip for eighty acres of landshall be deemed
to be of the value o! $100, and shall be received as so much
money when offered in payment of land woith more than
$1 25 per acie, and the same rule shall apply to the sciip
issued for a greater or less number of acres."
Now, I simply warn the Senate that this is the
construction which will be put upon this section
of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Foot, Harding, Harris,
Hicks, Howard, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Pom-
eruj , Powell, Rice, Richardson, SauNbuty, Slieiman, Sam-
! ner, Trumbull, Turpic, Wade, Wall, Willey, Wilson of
j Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri-—24.
1 NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Oollamer, Dixon, Doo-
I little, Fe-^enden, Foster, Gumes, Harlan, Henderson,
i Howe, Kmi:, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Ten Eyck, and Wil-
mot—16.
So the bill was passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 722) to establish certain post roads
—to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
A bill (No. 724} to amend an act entitled "An
act to grant pensions," approved July 14; 1862—
to the Committee on Pensions.
A joint icsolution (No. 140) authorizing the
Navy Department to allow to Paymaster Gilbert
E. Thornton $4,500 in settlement of his accounts
for money stolen from him without fault or neg-
ligenceon his part—to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 142) providing for ad-
justment of the accounts of Henry W. Diman—
to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 143) authorizing the
appotntmentof a commissioner to revise and cod-
ify the naval laws of the United States—to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (No. 144) to compensate the
sailors on the gunboat Cairo for loss of clothing
—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (No. 145) fixing the pay of
the commandantofthe navy-yard at Mare Island,
California—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. It.
No. 617) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations loi the
> service of the fiscal year cndingJune 3U, 18153, having met,
after full and free conference, have agiced to recommend
and do recommend to their respective Houses, as follows :
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House
to the Senate's first amendment.
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to the.
second and fourth amendments of the Senate, and agiee to
the same.
That the Senate rccede from their third amendment.
Tnat the Senate recede from their fifth amendment and
agree to the following proviso to the subject-matter of said
amendment, in which the House concuis:
Prodded, If the said guns and ammunition, or any part
thereof, are on hand and not in actual use, they shall be
forwarded in compliance with said treaty, and *hall be cop-
sideied a part of the guns and ammunition provided for by
tins appropriation.
W. P. FESSENDEN,
JOHN SHERMAN,
R. WILSON,
Managers on the pait of the Senate.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
JOHN L. N. STKATTQN,
OH AS, J. RIDDLE,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
(H. R. No. 634) giving aid to the Suite of Mis-
souri to secure the abolishment of slavery in said
State.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill being up, I pre-
sume the Senator from Missouri does not expect
to go on with it to-night. I ask the Senate to con-
sider a bill to place the State of Wisconsin in the
ninth judicial circuit. It is acceptable, I believe,"
to the States interested, and it will take but n,
moment to pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection on the part of any Senator, the pending
bill will be laid aside for the purpose indicated by
the Senator from Illinois. The Chair hears none.
NINTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
720) to make the State of Wisconsin a part of the
ninth judicial circuit, direct me to report it back
without amendment, and ask for its present con-
sideration.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the jWhole. It was reported
to the Senate, ordered to a third reading, read tho
third time, and passed.
SMITHSONIAN REGENTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1'move to
take up the resolution I submitted some days ago,
removing Mr. Badger from the Board of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution and appointing
Professor Agassiz in his place. I propose to refer
it to the Committee on the Library, who have the
subject under consideration in another form.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 126) expelling George E. Badger
from the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian In-
stitution, and appointing Louis Agassiz in his
place, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Several Senators. Why not pass it now?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to have it put on its passage now. I under-
stand that the chairman of the Committee on the
Library has no objection to the resolution being
considered now, without being referred to the
Committee.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the joint res-
olution be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I suggest to my friend
from California and also to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that we had better confine ourselves
now to the expulsion of Mr. Badger and leave the
appointment to be made as the law requires. I
do not know what the law is on the, subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The appointment is made
by joint resolution. This is the usual form.
Mr. WILSON. of Massachusetts. I will sim-
ply say that Mr. Badger is now in the place, and
I introduced this resolution to expel him and to
appoint Professor Agassiz, certainly one of the
foremost men of the age in any country. There
is now no person upon the Board of Regents from
my State; they are scattered elsewhere all about
the country. Certainly we could not select in the
whole nation any man better fitted for such a po-
sition than Professor Agassiz. 1 hope the reso-
lution will be passed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 do not take any excep-
tion to Professor Agassiz, who I think would be
a most competent man to fill this place, but I think
the business should be disposed of with more care.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This sub-
ject was brought before us a few days since by the
gentlemen connected with the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, and facts are presented showing that Mr.
Badger is now in the service of the so-called con-
federate government.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think Professor Agas-
siz the most acceptable man that could be named.
1 do not object to it, except as to the way in which
it is done.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This is the
proper way to do it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If that is so, I withdraw
my objection.
The joint resolution was ordered tobeengrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
