1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL QW
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened.
GBOltGE MAYO.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the Senate to take up
and consider the bill (S. No. 479) for the relief
of the legal representatives of George Mayo, de-
ceased. It will take no time. There is a report
accompanying the bill which explains it, and
which ca.n be read, if it is desired.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the legal representa-
tives of George Mayo, deceased, late clerk in the
General Post Office Department, the sum of $400,
in consideration in full of services performed by
him, during six months, as an extra clerk in that
Department, with the sanction and under thr di-
rection of one of the Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
• On motionofMr.WIUBON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 6, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. .Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was leadaud approved.
I>. J. BROWN E.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives, information in regard
to the mission of D. J. Browne to Euiope, as
agent of the Agricultural Department; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
INDEMNITY FOR INDIAN1 DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. ALDR1CH. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for Wve to take from the
Speaker's table and concur in the amendments of
the Senate to House bill (No. 582) for the relief
of persons for damages sustained by reason of
depredations and injuries by certain bands of
Sioux Indians. It will not take a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the amendments of
the Senate can be acted on without debate I will
not object. For that purpose 1 demand the pre-
vious question.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that the fifth section of the bill, as amended by the
Senate, makes an appropriation of money, and
must, under the rules, have its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. It makes, in other words, an additional
appropriation to that provided by the original bill.
Mr. ALDIIICH. The gentleman from Indiana
is mistaken.
The SPEAKER. Unless the bill makes an ad-
ditional appropriation to that of the original bill,
or makes a new appropriation, the gentleman's
point of order is not a good one.
Mr. HOLMAN. It makes an entirely*A'ew
appropriation.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman's point
of order is well taken.
Mr. ALDRICH. The bill, as originally passed
by this House, appropriated §1,500,000 for the
relief of the sufferers by the recent Indian depre-
dations in the State of Minnesota. The bill also
provided for the appointment of three commis-
sioners to investigate the claims of these parties
who so suffered,and itfurther provided that they
should have their expenses paid out of the appro-
priation of $1,500,000. The bill as it comes from
the Senate appropriates $100,000 and two thirds j
of the remaining unexpended balance of the an- j
nuities due to these Indians for the current year, j
The SPEAKER. Does the bill as amended by f
the Senate increase the appropriation of the ori-
ginal bill, or does it make a new appropriation >
Mr. ALDRICH, It does not. It appropriates
|100,000 out of the Treasury—$10,000 are pro-
vided for the expenses of the commissioners. The
original bill provided that the expenses of the com-
missioners should be paid out of the $1,500,000.
If the Speaker will read the section of the bill he
will see that the point of order is hot well taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I did not yield to this
discussion
Mr. ALDRICH. I did not think that a single
member in the House would object to the amend-
ments of the Senate. The fifth section provides
that this §10,000 for the expenses of the commis-
sioners should be paid out of the annuities.
The SPEAKER. If that was in the original
bill the point of order was not well taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no provision in the
original bill like that.
Mr. ALDRICH. It is taken out of the same
money.
Mr. HOLMAN. But there is a diversion. I
ask that the gentleman fiom Minnesota permit
these amendments to take the usual course. They
arc very important. Let them be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs; and Jet the House
in acting on them have the benefit of that commit-
tee's report.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope that will bedone.
This subject is now before the House, and it is
proper that members should have time for exam-
ination.
Mr. ALDRICH. If gentlemen will refer to
the list of committees, they will find that the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs is the last to be called.
If this bill be sent to that committee, it will not,
in all probability, without unanimous consent, be
able to report it back during this session of Con-
gress.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The amendments of the
Senate are now before the House, and I have, de-
manded the previous question. If that be sec-
onded, the House will be called on at once to pass
on those amendments. As there seems to be some
question about them, I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question, in order that their further
consideration may be postponed.
Sir. ALDRICH. If the House will fix a day
certain I will not object. I was not aware when
I made the motion to take up these amendments
of the Senate that the canal enlargement bill had
been made a special order for this day. My un-
derstanding was that it was to be taken up at three
o'clock. I find that I am mistaken.
>LMA
from Minnesota
The SPEAKER. The Chair must arrest this
discussion. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] demanded the previous qucstio'n
upon the amendment. All this discussion has
been by general consent.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move that the considera-
tion of this bill be postponed until to-morrow at
three o'clock. I trust there will be no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE) I withdraw my demand
for the previous question.
Mr. ALDRICH. I will modify my motion,
and move that the bill be postponed until Tues-
day morning next, after the morning hour, and
that the amendment be printed.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I shall not object to
that if an opportunity for brief discussion be
allowed upon the bill at that time.
The SPEAKER. If the motion is objected to
the Chair will put the question to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
RTCIIATtD STEVENSON.
The SPEAKER. The regular business in order
this morning is the consideration of the unfinished
report of the Committee on Military Affairs, being
House bill No. 647, for the reiief of the adminis-
trator of Captain Richard Stevenson, deceased,
upon which the previous question has been de-
manded.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, report-
ed back from the Committee of Ways and Means
the bill (H. R. No. 6G5) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864, with
Senate amendments theieto.
No objection being made the amendments were
taken up for consideration.
First amendment:
Page 1, strike out line twenty, as follows:
For paper for printing blanks, $54,000.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to non-concur in that
amendment. There is also an amendment strik-
; mg out an appropriation, for printing blanks,
: $16,000. The two amendments .were stricken
i out by the Senate probably; on the hypothesis
; that all the Government printing was aohe by
I the Government printing office. That will be so
! after the year 1864. Under the express terms of
, a law of 1860, the Post Office Department made
a contract for the printing of blanks for the De-
; partment for four years, which will expire in
; April, 1864, and which must be provided for by
i an appropriation.
| The amendment was not concurred in.
i: Second amendment:
j' Page 2, strike out line two, as follows:
i For printing blanks, $16,000.
j, Mr. COLFAX. I included that in my ftlotion.
|j The amendment was not concurred in.
ii Third amendment:
| At the end of the bill insert the following new section :
{ Sec. 5. be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
i Genera! be, and he is hereby, authorized to contractand pro-
I vide for the transportation of the United States mail on the
j steamships running between San Francisco, California, and
j Victoria, Vancouver Island, to be delivered at Cresent
' City and Tiinidad, California, Astoria and Portland, in Ore-
j gon, as often as said steamships touch at said ports named,
| and at Port Angylos, Washington, Territory, as often as said
steamships approach or pass that port going or returning
I jo Victoria, and that the mail service provided for by the
i fifth section of the act entitled " An act making appropri-
! ations loi the sriviee of the Post Office Oepartmentdurbig
S the fiscal year ending Jane 30, 38G3,"' shall cease on the
: termination of the y^ar for which it was contracted : Pro-
vided, nevertheless, That the service herein provided for
shall not«exceed the sum of $24,000 per annum.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the House con-
cur in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
RICHARD STEVENSON* '
The SPEAKER. The amendments to the Poat
Office bill having been disposed of, the question
recurs on seconding the demand for the previous
I question on House bill No. 647, for the relief of
the administrator of Captain Richard Stevenson,
deceased.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill and report
be read.
The bill, which was read, directs that there be
allowed a credit to the administrator of Captain
] Richard Stevenson, deceased, late assistant quar-
j tprmaster of volunteers of the Army of the United
j States, the sum of $3,000, being the amount of
j money belonging to the Government of the United
i States in his custody as such officer, seized and
I appropriated in Kentucky by guerrillas, while in
1 the course of transmission by express on a rail-
i road train between Indianapolis, Indiana, and
1 Nashville, Tennessee, where said Stevenson was
on duty.
Mr. DUNN. I do not wish fo discuss this meas-
ure again, for it was before the House a week ago,
when it was fully discussed. 1 wish merely to
call the attention of the House to these facts. The
report which was then read sufficiently explains
the matter. The money was captured by the ene-
my, and this bill proposes simply that the adminis-
trator of the deceased shall be credited the amount
so lost.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next order
of business, to call the committees for reports of
a private nature.
ELIZABETH IIA0SKNEK.
Mr. HARRISON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill, accompanied by a
report, granting a pension of eight dollars per
month to the widow of Christian Hausener.
The report, which was read, shows that in Sep-
tember, 1861, at Tuscarora county, Ohio, the pe-
titioner's husband, Christian Hausener, volun-
teered, and was duly mustered into the service of
the United States as private'in company B, fifty-
firstregimentOhio volunteer infantry; that he con-
