THE 00AGRESSION*AL GLOBE.
February 0,
t'mued in the service until the 22d of September,
1862, when, by reason of disease by him contracted
while in the service and in the line of his duty, he
was discharged; that in October, 1862, while on
his return to his family, he was by accident thrown
froKi a boat on the Ohio river, near I*ouisville,
Kentucky,and drowned; that said Christian died
leaving the said Elizabeth,his wife, and two chil-
dren in poverty; swrd that she has no means of
supporting herself and her children save by daily
labor.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRISON moved to reconsider the vote
l^y which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRISON. I ask that the report may
be printed.
Wo objection being made, it was so ordered.
FRANCES H. PLUMMEIt.
Mr. ELY, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported a bill granting a pension to Frances
H. Plummer, widow of the late Brigadier General
Joseph B. Plummer, United States Army.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Frances H.
'Plummer, widow of Brigadier General Joseph B.
"Plummer, ori the pension roll at the rate of fifty
dollars per month, from the 9th day of August,
1862, for and during her widowhood. •
The report, which was read, states that the late
Brigadier General Joseph B. Plummer graduated
at West Point in 1841, served through the Mex-
ican war, and subsequently on the frontier; that
during the present war he served with General
Lyon at the battle of Wilson's Creek, where he
was severely wounded by a Minie ball, which was
never extracted, and after having partially recov-
ered,served in almost ail the battles of the West,
a great portion of the time laboring under severe
sickness, until he died somewhat suddenly, of dis-
ease of the brain, at Clear Creek, near Corinth,
on the 9th of August, 1862, leaving his widow and
children in destitute circumstances. These facts
are corroborated by the written statements of Ma-
jor General John Pope, Brigadier General D. S.
Stanley, the general order (No. 105) of Brigadier
General Rosecrans, and by the medical certificate
of the several Army surgeons who at different
times attended General Plummer in a professional
capacity. The petition of Frances H. Plummer
states that the pension allowed to her since the
decease of her husband, being only that of a lieu-
tenant colonel, is wholly inadequate to the sup-
port of herself and her children. It is the opinion
of the committee that the death of General Plum-
mer was occasioned by the combined causes of
the severe wound received by him at the battle of
Wilson's Creek, and his subsequent and long
continued patriotic discharge of his duties to his
country, in preference to yielding to the solicita-
tions of his superior officer and medical advisers,
to seek a restoration of his health by a temporary
absence from his arduous post.
Mr. I10LMAN. I would inquire if this lady
is not now receiving a pension of thirty dollars a
month?
Mr. ELY. I ask for the reading of the general
order which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Headquarters Army of the Missinsim,
August 10, 1883.
General Order No. 105.]
The general commandins with sorrow announces to this
army the los>> of one of its bravo and experienced general
officers, Bngadter General J. li. Plummer, United States
volunteers, who died at,Camp Clear Cie<*k yesterday even-
ing, at five o'clock, of congestion of the biain.
A giaduateofthe United States- Military Academy in the
year 1841, and ^ervins in the Anny ever since, lie has been
distinguished among lih brother officers for courage, good
sense, and fidelity in discharge of all his duties.
As captain of the first infantry, lie fought bravely against
vastly supeuor numbers and was severely wounded m the
memotable battle of YVii>on's Creek, in which Lyon fell,
one year ago to-day.
At Ne\y Madrid, by G< neral Pope's order, by heavy cir-
cuitous march, he seized Point Pleasant, and by skillfully
placing his men in rifle-pitf and covcrmg his batteries,suc-
cessfully held it against numerous furious assaults of the
rebel gunboat*, thug cutting off ail supplies by tiansports
to Island Nn. 10.
After taking part in all the toils and privations of this
army, wiikh were crowned by the triumphant capture of
Island No. 10 and the forces under Mackall,he commanded
his brigade during the advance on Corinth, and one of the
divisions of the left wmgduring the thirty- five miles pursuit
of the rebels after the evacuation. Brave, honest, true, and
experienced, the country aa well as his companions in arms
will mourn his loss.
He will be interred this evening with honors due to his
rank. The escort will consist of one regiment of infantiy
from the second division, a section of company F, second
United States artiilery, and company A, thirty-sixth Illi-
nois volunteers, (cavalry,) to be commanded by Brigadier
General D. S. Stanley, United States volunteers.
By order of General Rosecrans.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to inquire if this bill
does not give a higher pension than the rank of
the deceased entitles his widow to receivc?
Mr. WASPIBURNE. I would say to the gen-
tleman that this bill gives precisely the same pen-
sion as was given to the widow of Major General
Smith, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. COVODE. It does not matter what case
this is similar to. I believe all this special legis-
lation to be wrong. It is taking one case out of
ten thousand. I object to it.
Mr. ELY. Mr. Speaker, the Committee on
Invalid Pensions appreciate the position taken by
my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode.] I
believe that during the time that I have been chair-
man of that committee this is only the second case
in which that committee have concluded to recom-
mend an increase of pension. But after due con-
sideration they have concluded that this is a case
of such peculiar merit that they would deviate
from their universal practicc and report a bill for
an increase of pension. The widow of General
Plummer is in extremely indigent circumstances
and has a large family dependent on her. The
pension of thirty dollars a month now provided
oy the general invalid pension law is notsufficient,
in the judgment of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, to support her with any respectability, and
the committee, therefore, thought it to be their
duty'to report a bill increasing the pension. As 1
have stated, this is only the second ease of the
kind that the committee have reported, and I hope
that, under the circumstances, the House will pass
the bill. ^
Mr. TRIMBLE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New York upon what ground this
legislation is based? Upon what ground is this
additional pension asked for this lady?
Mr. ELY. It is in consequence, as I have
stated, ofthe destitute circumstances of this widow,
who has a large family to support.
Mr. TRIMBLE. With the gentleman's per-
mission I will say to him, that in my judgment
it is a bad time to begin this sort of legislation.
If the law which now governs the granting of pen-
sions is a good one, it is our duty to adhere to it.
If it is a bad one let us repeal it. This is noUhe
only case of this kind which will be presented*to
this body. There are hundreds and thousands of
eases where widows and children have lost the
support hitherto afforded them, and who have been
left destitute. It is utterly impossible that this
Government should provide for the wants of such
persons in every case of this kind. It t3 not to
be presumed that this family who have been left
destitute by the death of the head of the family,
shall be, by the generosity and liberality of this
Government, enabled to live as they did during
the life of the head of the family. If your law is
defective in any particular, repeal or modify it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to suggest that avast
majority of those who are receiving pensions from
the Government, receive only eight dollars a
month, and among them are many widows who
have large families of children to support. There
are meritorious cases all over the country where
women of cultivation and refinement have been
reduced to poverty by the operations of this war,
women who have large families of children de-
pendent upon them. I wish to protest most sol-
emnly against any legislation which would in-
crease the pension of one widow while so many
widows equally meritorious and with equally large
families dependent on them are compelled to re-
ceive only eight dollars a month. It does seem
to me that the rule should be uniform, and that the
Government owes the same debt of gratitude to
every soldier.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to find fault with
the statement of the law made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Trimble,] or the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] Those statements
arc true. There is a law that was designed^to
apply generally, but there must be cases to which
the law docs not apply; there must be cases of
peculiarly meritorious conduct and brilliant ex-
ploits and hardships and sacrifices in this war;
and whether they be many or whether they be
few, it becomes us to take special notice of such
cases. I have known this man, General Plum-
mer, from his youth. He was appointed to West
Point by one of my predecessors. He has spent
every hour of his military life, since 1841, upon
the frontier, never having spent one single day in
the ease of the military service, but having spent
every month of that time under a tent. He was
in Texas when this rebellion broke out. He had
distinguished himself in the Mexican war and on
the frontier, and he received overtures from the
confederate authorities, offering him very high
military command. He was in Texas command-
ing a post with regulars there, wnerr the rebellion
broke out, and yet he took his command out of
Texas when Brigadier General Twiggs betrayed
the troops in that department into the hands of the
confederates; betook them through the wilderness,
undergoing extreme hardship and contracting dis-
ease which never left him for all the remainder of
his life. He foughtatWilson's Creek, and with two
hundred and fifty regulars, met three thousand reb-
els on the field, separate from the main fight where
General Lyons was lost, and defeated them, and
when Lyons fell at that battle, he took home the
dead body from that fie^l. Pie served all his life
with marked distinction. He came here,and I saw
him just before he set out on his last journey to
Corinth. When he left here against the advice of
surgeons, he told me that in this hour of his coun-
try's peril, his country had a right to all of his
services, and that so long as he had the breath of
life in him his country should have them. He
went to Corinth, and an hour or two after he
reached there, he died. lie has left a wife and
family without the means of support, and that wife
is now writing in the revenue office to enable her
to pay her board. I hope, sir, that as we do some-
times make distinctions, we shall not omit to make
a distinction in this case.
Mr. HARRISON. I rise simply to say that
the law which was in force prior to the act of the
last session of the present Congress granted a
pension of fifty dollars per month to the widow
of an o#tcer of the rank which General Plummer
held at the time of his death in the Army of the
United States. The act now in force provides
that no pension shall be allowed above thirty dol-
lars per month, which was before that act was
passed and is now granted to the widows of lieu-
tenant colonels; and the ground upon which the
present law modified the previous law was this:
that thirty dollaws should, as a general rule, be
the highest pension allowed under the general law;
but that whenever an officer of a higher rank than
lieutenant colonel rendered peculiarly meritorious,
heroic, skillful, successful, and faithful service to
his country, the most fitting and substantial mode
of recognizing and rewarding his specially gallant
and distinguished conduct, and encouraging like
conduct in others, is to pass a special act granting
his widow and minor children a greater pension
than the general law provides.
Mr. JOHNSON. I had some knowledge of
General Plummer, and have no desire to say any-
thing in contradiction of the statements made in
his behalf; but I look forward to the day when the
House will have to deal with cases of this charac-
ter without an enlargement of the pension fixed
by established law. I am opposed to the passage
of this bill for one reason only; and that is, that
it will set a precedent upon which we shall have
hundreds and thousands of claims coming here
continually to be adjusted by the House; and each
case must depend upon whether there is a mem-
ber here who will rise up and pronounce a eulogy
upon the deceased husband of the widow whose
case maybe in question. It will bring the matter
to this, that those parties who can interest mem*
bersof Congress, through the influence of friends,
or through personal knowledge, will be the parties
who will get an increase of pension, while others
equally meritorious will be deprived of it. Now,
I know that there have been applications pending
before the Pension Office for a year past for pen-
sions given by law to lieutenants and privates and
their widows, and they have been rejected, and
the parties reduced to abject poverty—rejected
against all the proofs that could be given that the
party died " in the discharge and in the line of his
duty," using the language of the instructions given
out by the Commissioner of Pension*.
