112
AfWENBIX 10 TKST CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
[Fe'bruarj'' 16,
3Tm Cong. .. .3d Sess.
Louisiana Elections—Mr. Crisfield.
Ho. op Heps
Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas] said the. other day,
against all disintegration. I want back in the
Union ali the States, even South Carolina, with
all her faults and sins. The-old flag let us have,
with not one star erased; with not one spangle off
it that ever glittered on it when, in better days,
it fluttered in the breeze the freest, happiest
people on the globe.
Now, sir, I support this bill bocause the meas-
ure it entertains will throttle this nascent treason
of separating the East from the West; will huil
down the traitorous conception to a perdition so
deep that (as Mr. Hannegan said) " the hand of
resurrection will never reach it."
Consummate this canal enlargement; make
broader and stronger the volume of trade that
shall roil between these great sections; increase
the dependence of each section upon the other by
augmenting the agricultural productions of the
one, to be sent forward to be exchanged' for an in-
creased amount of the manufactures of the other—
the dependence becoming more complete as, the
interchanged trade is extended—and, my life on it,
you will never again hear of a separation of the
East from the West, or of "leaving New Eng-
land out in the cold."
Mr. Speaker, it may be said—indeed, I have
heard it spoken out—that the improvement in-
volved in this bill will inure chiofliy to the ad vant-
age of the Wqst and the North, will build up the
west and North at the expense of other sections.
Sir, 1 entertain for this argument (if argument it
may be called) inexpressible contempt, lti&the
argument of section—an appeal to that sectional-
ism which already, alas! has laid low some of
the pillars of the Union. For one, I hearken not
to it. I never, in all my life, Mr. Speaker, cher-
ished a sectional feeling. I have never bowed at
the altar of section, and so help me God, I never
will. I can say with all my heart, in the lan-
guage of a patriotic ode which was sung on the
4th of July, 1831,at Chailetuon,South Carolina,
in the better days of that State, while she yet
caught inspiration from the Stars and Stripes, and
was yet true to duty and the Union: 1 can hon-
estly say 1 repeat, m the language of that ode:
"Though by birth one spot bo mlnq,
De;u is all the rest;
Dear to me the South's fair land,
Hoar the central mountain banrl,
Dear Now England's rocky strand,
Duai the prairied West."
Sir, this whole land is my country. I want no
less, and I'll have no less, if 1 can help it. I do
not want even Virginia—dear Innd of my fathers,
though she be—for my country. I want 41 no
pent up Utica" for that country. 1 want for it
this entire, undivided land—every inch of it, from
the St. Croix to the Sacramento, and across from
ocean to ocean. So 1 am not precluded by sec-
tional considerations from giving my support to
this bill. If it shall make the West and the North
more prosperous and grander, I shall rejoice at it,
for the prosperity and strength and power and
grandeur and renown of any one section are the
prosperity and strength and power and grandeur
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
and renown of the whole of our common country.
Mr. Speaker, ail policy that tends to the sta-
bility and perpetuation of the Union commands
my unreluctant assent. It goes directly to my
heart. 1 love this Union—in the deep sincerity
of my heart I love it. This "bright particular
conccption" of human statesmanship I Sij, I
venerate it above all the institutions of man. As
the gentleman from Massachusetts said a few
days ago, when sending up his eloquent and
touching orisons to Heaven—God bless the old
Union ! May it soon come back to bless us again !
And 1 am not without hope that it will, daik as
the prospect seems. I cannot, will not give up
the hope of Us restoration. 1 shrink with very
horror from the thought that it is to perish fur-
ever. It is the first, last hope of our countiy,
nod of the world; and until black despair shall
shut out every ray of hope's light, 1 shall con-
tinue to trust that the great God of battles who
went forth with our fathers in our revolutionary
fight, will yet interpose IIis divme goodness and
power to give back to us this more than precious
boon. And with God's blessing we can restore
it. When we started in this great conflict we
were manifestly in the right. We had, 1 devoutly
believe, the God of nations on our side against
the wicked authors of this causeless rebellion.*
Now, sir, if we will but keep in the right; re-
tain the great moral vantage-ground we occupied
in the beginning-; if we will look with eye single to
the attainment of the great object of the war, the
suppression of the rebellion, and the salvation of
our national unity, employing no meansbutthose
that are legitimate and really adapted to the end;
and then, if we will all banish from our minds all
party thought, making (as Mr. Ritchie used to
say)*" a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull all
together," we shall yet vindicate the supremacy
of the laws, and restore the Union of old. And
when this shall have been done, when the fallen
columns of the great structure shall have been re-
set, and the proud dome of the temple shall again
tower to heaven, overlooking again an undivided
people andundismembered Republic,the measure
commended in this bill, and others kindred with
it, will help to place the noble fabric of American
Union and American liberty and American grand-
eur on a basis never again to be shaken.
LOUISIANA ELECTIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W\ GRISFMLB,
OF MARYLAND,
IF TJI# HouSft OS REI>RKsE.N,TATIVE£,
February 16 and 17, 1863f,
On the resolutions to admit Benjamin F. Flanders and'
Michael Uuhn to seats in the House of Representatives
fioiu the State ol Louisiana.
Mr. CRISFIELD said:
Mr. Speaker: 1 regret that the House has re-
solved to continue this debate at this late hour,
when ali are exhausted, and there is no oppor-
tunity fairly to be heard upon questions of such
grave import. 1 feel, however, the force of the
remaik of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[M<". Dawes,] that at this late period of the ses-
sion it becomes us to appropriate every moment
to the discharge of the high duties which yet re-
main unperformed; and, unpleasant as it is to me,
I shall cheerfully proceed with the discussion.
Sir, nothing would 1 view with more satisfac-
tion,and nothing, I am sure, could give more sat-
isfaction to the country, than to see these vacant
chairs refilled. We should hail the returning
members as the sure messengers of peace and
union; and their advent would form an epoch
from which would begin a new career of national
glory and power. For one, 1 am prepared for
almost any sacrifice to have these seats refilled.
1 am willing to waive every formality which can
be waived without inflicting fresh wounds upon
the Constitution, and encountering new and peril-
ous disorders, if nothing more than the right of
the claimants to seats on this floor were involved,
I should not be inclined to examine their titles too
ciiticaliy. But our decision in this case will form
a precedent by which the regular action of Gov-
ernment in the insurgent districts is to be restored;
and hence we are admonished to extreme caution,
that our judgment shall be right. Under such
circumstances a right decision is infinitely more
important than the right to be adjudicated.
The gentlemen from Louisiana claim seats as
members of this House from the first and second
congressional districts of that State by virtue of
elections held therein on the 3d day of December
last, under the proclamation and writ of election
of General George F. Shepley,stylinghimself mil-
itary governor of Louisiana; and their creden-
tials, as presented here, are m the following form:
State of Louisiana, Executive Department,
New Orleans, December 9, 1862.
To all persons to ivhom these presents may come:
Know jo that I, Geoige F. Shepley, military governor of
Louisiana, by my proclamation and wiit ot'election, did
eatise an election to be held on the 3d day ot December,
A i). I860, according to law, to fill the vacancy existing in
the office ot Kepiesentative of the second concessional dis-
trict of (his State to the Thirty-Seventh Congress of the Uni-
ted State** of America, and that 1 have ascertained from the
returns of said election, and do hereby certify, that Michael
Ilahn was duly elected to fiil the vacancy m said office.
In te^tiuoiiy whereof I have hereunto set my hand and
affixed the seal ofthe State on thi&Oth day of Deccm-
[l. s.J her, in the year of our Loid 1862, and m the year of
the independence of the United States of America
the eighty-seventh. G. F. SHEPLEY,
Military Governor of Louisiana.
By the Governor:
James F. Miller, dieting Secretary of State*
The material facts are as follows: early in the
year 1861, a partof the people of Louisiana, which
proved to be a controlling part, passed an ordi-
nance of secession,renounced the Constitution and
authority of the United States, as far as they were
capable of so doing, and united that State with
the so-called confederate States which soon after
made open war on the United States to make good
their revolt. The Governor of the State of Louis-
iana and other officers of the State government
concurred in the revolt, and aided and assisted in
carrying on the war, seized and occupied the forts
and property of the United States, and expelled
their officers and authority. The United States, to
suppress therevoltandreestablish theirjust rights
and authority, in April last sent military and
naval forces, which, after severe battles, took pos-
session of these two congressional districts, of
which thecity ofNewOrleans was part, and other
parts of the State of Louisiana, including the State
capital, archives, and great seal of the State. The
person who held the office of Governor, and the
other offices of the State government, having been
engaged in the rebellion, and being guilty of trea-
son, fled on the approach of the United States
forces, and have not since returned. About the
1st of May, Major General Butler, commander of
the "department of the Gulf," on taking posses-
sion of New Orleans, issued his proclamation, of
which the following is the first paragraph:
"The city of New Orleans anil its environs, with all its
interior and exterior defenses, having been surrendered to
the combined naval and land forces of the United States,
and having been evacuated by the rebel forces, in whose
possession they lately were, and being now in occupation
of the forces of the United States, who have come to restore
order, maintain public tranquillity, enfoice peace and quiet
under the laws and Constitution of the United States, the
major general commanding the forces of the United Slates
m the department of the Gulf, hereby makes known and
proclaims the object and purposes ol the Government of the
United States m ihus taking possession ot the city of New
Orleans and the Slate of Louisiana, and the rules and lobu-
lations by which the laws of the United States will be, lor
the present and during a state ot war, enforced and main-
tained for the plain guidance of all good citizen-* of the Uni-
ted States as well as others who may heretofore.have been
in rebellion against their authority."
And Brigadier General George F. Shepley was
appointed military governor of the State.
From the 1st of May to the present time, the
State government of Louisiana, executed by offi-
cers chosen and qualified according to the consti-
tution and laws of that State, has been wholly sus-
pended and inoperative in all that p.u t of the State
included within these congressional districts, and
the only authority which has been therein, other
than the revenue laws of the United States, is that
which has been exercised by the military officers
of the United States. On the 14th of November
Brigadier General Shepley issued the following
proclamation:
By Brigadier General George F. Shepley, Military Governor
of the State of Louisiana.
Whereas the State of Louisiana is now and has been
without any Uepie&entauves in the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress of the ymted States of Amei ica ; and wheieas a veiy
iaige majOMty of the citizens of the first and second con-
gressional districts in this State,by taking the oath of alle-
giance, have given evidence of their loyally and obedience
to the Constitution and laws of the United State* :
Now, therefore, 1, George P. Shepley, military governor
of the State of Louisiana, for the piupo-;o of securing to the
loyal electors m the parishes composing these two congres-
sional districts their appropriate and lawful representation
in the House of Representatives ot the United States of
America, and of enabling them to avail themselves of the
benefits secured by the proclamation ol the Pi evident of the
United States to the people of any state, or part of a State,
who shall on the 1st day of January next be m good faith
repre.-ented in the Congress ol the United State.*, by mem-
bers chosen thereto at elections wherein a majority of the
qualified voters of such State have participated, have seen
fit to issue till-:, my proclamation, appointing an election to
be held on Wednesday, the 3d day ot December next, to fill
said vacancies in the Thirty-Seventh Con re>s of the Uni-
ted fetates of America, in the following? districts-, namely:
The first eongre.>sioual dir-tnet, compo.-ed of that part of
the city of New Orleans heietofbre known a* municipality
number one and municipality number three.ami now des-
hjnateii as districts numbered two and three, and Suburb
i licme, that poition of the pari>h ot Orleans lying on the
I light bank of the Mississippi, and the parishes of St. Ber-
! naid and Plaquemines.
I The «eeoiul concessional district in the State of Louis-
lann, composed of that part of the citv of New Orleans
abuv ; aui.il ^neet, known as the rust distuct.and district
i number loui, tornieriy the city of La Fayette, and of the
' parishes ol Jefferson. St. Charles, St. John the Bapti=t St.
James. Ascension, Assumption, Lafourche, Terrebonne,
St. Mary, and St. Martin., '
Writs of election will be issued, as required, and the
election held at the places designated by law.
