1863.
THE dONGRESSIONitL GLOBE'
The claims of these parties arc rejected. Are
we going to distinguish between them and those
whom the Government has already favored'by
appointments to higher grades? I can tell the
gentleman from Massachusetts that I know a man
who served all his life as a lieutenant on the fron-
tier, among the Indians, and who, when General
Twiggs surrendered the Army in Texas to the
confederates, carried away two hundred of the cav-
alry, and brought them to Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
And that officer serves to-day as a lieutenant colo-
nel down amid the men of the Rappahannock.
That is all the promotion he has received.
Mr. ELY. I did not yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I move to lay the bill
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has not the floor for that purpose.
Mr. ELY. I move the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the bill be laid
on the table, and on that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Williain.iWlen,Beaman,Biddl(i, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Calvert, Clark. Clem-
ents, Frederick A. Conkling, Itoscoe Conkling, Covode,
Dunn, Edgcrton, Edwards, Fenton, Thomas A. I). Fessen-
den, Frauehot, Frank, Grider, Hall, Harding, Holman,
Johnson, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lazear, McKean, Mal-
lory, Mcnzies, Noble, Odell, Peny, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Riddle, Shcllabarger, Sliiel, Sloan,William G. Steele,
Stevens, Stile*, Stratton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Iloru,
Veriee, Wallace, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Woodruff,
Worcester, and Yeaman—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldtieh, Alley, Aneona, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Baily, Baker, Baxter, Bingll.tm, Jacob B. Blair, HuiFm-
ton, Chamberlain, Colfax, Conway, Cutler, Davis, Dawes,
Diven, Eliot. Ely, Fisher, Gooeh, Goodwin,Granger, Hale,
Harrison, Hooper, [lutehms, Julian, Kerrigan,L>cary, Leh-
man, Jjoomif, Lovcjoy, Mitchell, Moorhead, Nocll, Olin,
Patton, Potter, Alexander il. Rice, Robinson, Edwaid II.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar,
Shanks, Sheffield, Sherman, Francis Thomas, Van Valk-
enburgh, Wadsworth, Ward, VVasbburne, Albert S. White,
Wilson, VVindom, Wood, and Wright—60.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
011 the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 59, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldiieh, Alley. Arnold, Baily, Baker,
Bingham, Jacob [J. Blair, Bullinton. Burniiam, Chamber-
lain, Collax. Conway, Cravens, Dawes, Delano, Diven,
Eliot, Ely, Gooch, Granger, Gmley, Ilaiglu, Hale, Harri-
son, Hickman, Hooper, Fmncis VV. Kellogg, Kerrigan,
Leary, Lehman, Ijovejoy, Maynat'd. Mitchell, Moorhead,
Noeli, Olin, Pendleton, Potter, Puce, Alexander II. Rice,
James s. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, ticgar, Shanks, Shef-
field, Sherman, Benjamin F. Thomas, Vail Wyek, Veriee,
Wadswoitli, Wallace, Walton, Waid, Washlmrne, Albeit
S. Wlute, Wilson, Wood, and Wlight—59.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J Allen, An-
eona, Biddle, Samuel S. Bl.ur, Blake, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Clark, Clements, Fiedeiiek A. Conkling, Roscoe
Conkling, Covorie, Dunn, Edgeitun, Edwaidx,Thomas A.
D. Fessenden, Franchoi, Fiank, Grider, Harding, Ilolmau,
Johnson, William Kellogg, lvnapp, McKean, McKnight,
Malloiy, Menzies.Moiris, Odell, l'eny, Timothy (J. Phelps,
Pike, Potter, Riddle, Robinson, Shellabargcr, Sliiel, Sloan,
Stiles Stratton,Trimble.Trowbridge, Van Hum, Webster,
Wheeler, VVifalev. Wicklifie, Worcester, and Yearnaii—51.
So the biil was passed.
Mr. ELY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message mom the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolat,
his Private Secretary.
message from tub senate.
A messagefiorn theSenate,by Mr.Forney,its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had agreed
to the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to
the deficiency bill.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish_tomakea correction in
regard to the amendments to the Post Qffiw ap-
d&=
propriation bill on which the House took action
a moment ago. The House non-concurred in
two amendments to strike out items for paper
and post oflice blanks. I find that these items are
provided for in another bill, and that therefore the
amendments should have been concurred in. I
ask unanimous consent toieconsiderits action on
these amendments.
There being no objection, the first and second
amendments of the Senate to the Post Office ap-'
propriation bill were concurred in, as follows:
Strike out line twenty, page 1, as follows :
For paper for blanks, §54,000.
Strike out line two, page 3, as follows:
For printing blanks, §1(3,000.
SHIP CANALS.
Mr. OLIN. I understand the morning hour to
have expired.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. OLIN. Then is not the special order in
regard to the ship canals in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that that is a special order.
Mr. FENTON. Let us proceed with the call
of committees.
Mr. OLIN. I understood the Speaker to state
the other day, when the motion was made to
postpone the consideration of the bill for the en-
largement of the canals till to-day, that this busi-
ness would be in order after the expiration of the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman is mistaken in that statement. The
Chair will have read the report of what took place
on that occasion.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The Speaker. The Chair will answer the gentleman's
inquiry by saying that alter the committees are called on
Friday lor private bills, the bill will come up in the regular
couise of business. The tih t thing for that day wili be the
call of committees for private bills; and that older cannot
be changed by a majoruy vote. AltGr that this bill will come
up, subject, of couise, to be overridden by any piivilcged
motion."
Mr. OLIN. I only wish to carry out the under-
standing of the House and of the Speaker on this
subject. I do not wish to interfere with the regu-
lar business of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has had read what
the Speaker stated when this matter was up the
other day. The Chair repeats that, this being pri-
vate bill day, committees must be called for pri-
vate business.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Having heard the
statement read from the Globe, 1 think it my duty
and pleasure to say that it is exactly as I under-
stodd the Chair to state.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had it read only
to correct the misapprehension of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to inquire
whether this is objection day under the rules?
The SPEAKER. This is objection day.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was going to suggest
whether it would not be wise to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar, inas-
much as, I believe, we have not done so during
the present session.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of pri-
vate business.
stephen johnson and others.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, joint resolution (S. No. 119) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Stephen Johnson and others.
Thejoint resolution was read the third time,and
passed. THOMAS HICKS.
Mr. FENTON also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, joint resolution (S. No. 121) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Thomas Hicks, executor of Isaac Hicks.
Thejoint lesokUion was read the third time, and
passed. 1SAAo vanderpoel.
Mr. FENTON also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass,% bill (S. No. 127) for the relief of Isaac
Vonderpoel.
The bill was read. It directs the,Secretary of
the Treasury to allow to Isaac Vanderpoel, 'lata
United States Army pension agent at. Albany
New York, in his account with the Government
of the United States for pensions an item of
$206 66, paid on the 10th of October, 1855> to
George Hamilton, purporting lo act as attorney
for Elizabeth Yandcrheiden, a pensioner. °
The bill was read the third time, and passed. "
A. D. ANDERSON.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
reported back Senate joint resolution (No. 123)
to confirm the adverse decision of the Court of
Claims in the case of Alexander D. Anderson,
administrator of John D. Anderson, deceased.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
ROBERT HAMILTON, JR.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Robert Hamilton,
jr.; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar,and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
D. E. MITCHELL.
Mr. WALLACE, from the same committee,
reported back Senate joint resolution (No. 12Q)
to confirm the adverse decision of the Court of
Claims in the case of David E. Mitchell.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
R. A. CLEMENS.
Mr. WALLACE, from the same committee,
reported back Senate joint resolution (No. 118) to
confirm the ad verse decision of the Court of Claims
in the case of II. A. Clemens, administrator of
James A. Mulligan.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
WILLIAM H. DEGROOT.
Mr. WALLACE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a joint resolution requiring a re-
adjustment of the claim of William H. DeGroot;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
C'HA PIN HALL.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Chapin Hall; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. HALE asked that the billbeput on its pas-
sage.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to a question
of order. That hill makes an appropriation, and
must have its first consideration in a Committee
of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House oil the Private Calendar,and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
isaac lilly.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Isaac Lilly; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed,
daniel ii. bingham.
Mr. NOELL, from the same committee, re-
ported back House biil No. 668, for the relief of
Daniel H. Bingham; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
john w. massey.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee^ re-
ported back the petition and papers in the case of
John W. Massey; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
GEORGE ASIILEV.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee, re-
parted back, with the recommendation that it
