1863.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
31th Cong. .. .3d Sess.
Louisiana Elections—Mr. Qrisfield.
Ho . OF Reps.
virtue of the rights of war, and can exercise no
political power over them derived from the con-
stitution and laws of Louisiana or of the United
States other than the laws of war.
My learned friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Thomas] says that the laws of public war do not
apply to such a case. With all respect to my
learned friend, I am obliged to differ from him. I
listened with all carefulness, as I always do, to
what he said, and I must say he failed to convince
me that they do not so apply, at least for all pur-
poses of this case presented. The argument is
that the rights and rules of public war do not
apply to the occupation of Louisiana, because
that State is part of the territory of the United
Slates and subject to their laws, and that they may
Rend their armed forces there to enforce the due
execution of the laws, and for that purpose have
sent them. Before we can accept this argument,
with the consequences sought to be deduced from
it, we must believe that the state of things which
existed in Louisiana a't the time this occupation
began, and still exists, does not constitute war,
which is against both law and fact; or that the
rules of war do not apply to civil or revolution-
ary wars prosecuted between a State and its own
subjects on its own territory, which is contrary
to a!! authority.
War is a contest between States, or parts of
States, carried on by force. In Louisiana a con-
test is carried on by a portion of the people of
Louisiana and others, regularly organized into
aimies7 under color of law, against the United
States. This is war. And to all war, whether
offensive or defensive, civil or revolutionary, the
laws of war do and of necessity must apply, or
we are carried back to the barbaric ages, when
all captives were held at the discretion of captors,
and might be slain or enslaved at their caprice.
To ail wars there must be parties, and as between
them the rules of war established by the usages
of nations pertain to moderate the ferocity of the
contestants, and subserve the interests of human-
ity. The parties to the war, no matter whether
strangers or brothers, independent States or a
State and its own citizens, are for the purposes of
the war aliens to each oiher, are governed by and
must treat each other according to the usages of
war. or be placed out of the pale of civilized
nations.
These rules must apply to this war; and the
fact never would have been doubted, but from the
compound character of our political system.
Louisiana, it is said, is part of the United States,
and is subject to their jurisdiction and authonty.
That is true, to the fail extent of their Constitu-
tion and the laws made in pursuance of it. But
that is only aliinited jurisdiction; for all the other
purposes of government, Louisianahas a separate
existence, and a government of its own. Apart
of her people, including the officers of her own
government, m violation of her constitution,re-
belled against the authority of the United States,
and took up arms to expel it from that State, and
the latter, by aimed power, resists it. The par-
ties to this war are the United States on one side,
and the insurgents, including the State govern-
ment officers—not the State itself—on the other
side. As between them the laws of war apply and
govern the war. Battles have been fought, the in-
surgents have been overcome, and have fled; the
victorious forces occupy the territory they have
left, and must continue to occupy, until the civil
authority, State and national, is restored. That
occupation is a military occupation, and must be
governed by the rules of public war. if the civil
authority is in conditional once to resume its sway,
it does, and the military retires before it. And
this is the case with the laws of the United States,
which have ail the machinery in full play ready
to enforce them; and they are enforced, and right-
ully enforced. But not so with the State au-
thority; that was not impaired by the revolt, but
remained m full force, and, if its officers had re-
mained at their posts, would at once have gone into
full action, to the exclusion of the military author-
ity. But its officers committed treason, and have
fled. Their abdication left the State government
without officers to work it, and for that reason it
is inert and inoperative, and must so remain until
it is newly officered, when it will at once spring
into active and effective operation. Until this is
done, the military occupation continues, and is
governed by the laws of its own being, if this
were not so, there would be no agency to preserve
order, maintain peace, and enable this Govern-
ment to enforce its own laws within the district.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand the position of my friend to be that the Gov-
ernment, in the military occupation of its own ter-
ritory, has no other right or power than what may
devolve upon it in the occupation of a foreign ter-
ritory.
Mr. CRISFIELD. 1 am misunderstood. The
Government has other rights there.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, I say they
have other rights. If the Government is in the
military occupation of its own territory in a war
for the enforcement of the laws, may it not en-
force its laws in the territory which it so occu-
pies?
Mr. CRISFIELD. I have so stated. My friend
and I do not differ as to the legal condition of those
States. I fully concur with him m nil he said yes-
terday about the vitality of these States, and of
their incapacity to commit suicide. I differ with
him only as to the mode in which the machinery
of government, suspended by the treason and
flight of their officers, shall again be put into op-
eration.
From this review it is apparent, Mr. Speaker,
that General Shepley has only the authority which
appertains to his military quality; and all he does
is done in pursuance of the military power—the
laws of war. He has no civil jurisdiction. He
cannot execute the laws of the United States, ex-
cept those made for the government of the Army,
or those the execution of which is expressly
charged upon officers of the Army. He cannot
collect the revenues of the United States, because
he is not an officer designated by the law to col-
lect them. He cannot perfonn the office of judge,
because he has not the commission and qualifi-
cation of a judge under the Constitution of the
United States. "All that he can do is just what he
does by virlue of his military power. He cannot
interfere with any law of the United States. On
the contrary, it is his duty as a military officer to
aid the proper officers in the enforcement of those
laws. Much less can he execute the political laws
of Louisiana. He has not a particle of power or
authority springing out of its constitution and
laws; and when he places himself in the position
and ex-'t ts the power belonging to any officer of
that government, he assumes authority which he
finds no wairant for in the laws of war, in the
Constitution and laws of the United States, or in
sound reason.
Such, sir, as it seems to me, is the true charac-
ter and scope of General Shepley's authority.
He is a mcie military commander, with no au-
thority beyond what has been prescribed by the
military laws of the United States, and thosegen-
eral rules of war established by international juris-
prudence. Now, what has he attempted in this
case? He has undertaken to order an election to
be held in Louisiana for members of this House.
It is an attempt by a military officer to execute
the political laws not only of Louisiana, but of
United States. Sir, it is beyond his power and
duty, and clearly void. It is another manifesta-
tion of the tendency to military usurpation, now
so frequent and alarming to the people of the coun-
try, and all lovers and upholdei s of constitutional
law. Sir, we have already had enough of military
arrogancc and usurpation. We have seen the
military power contemptuously trample on the
Constitution and laws, seize and confiscate the
property of the citizen, and deprive him of per-
sonal liberty without color of law, and interfere
with and practically close the courts of justice.
We have seen the most precious guarantees for
the security of person and property broken down
by the military power; and here now is an attempt
by it to get possession of the legislative depart-
ment by filling this House by illegal means with
its agents to propagate its schemes and facilitate
its advance to universal dominion. Sir, I protest j
against it. |
Butgentlenien tell us that this election was prop- I
erly held, because there is no other way by which
it could have been held. Why not provide for
the contingency by act of Congress? If the States
have failed to make the necessary provisions, or
their laws were inefficient, or from any cause had
become inoperative, it is our duty to provide tfy
law for the election ^"members of Congress. Our
power to pass such a law is express. The Con-
stitution, article one, section four, provides: *
"The times, places, and manner ofholdingeleetions/fcr
Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed breach
State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may,at
any time, by law, make oi alter s>uch regulations, except to
to the places of choosing Senators."
To show that that article was intended for the
very contingency which has occurred, I have only
to refer to the following passages from Story a
Commentaries on this article, and the question is
beyond doubt:
" There was not a single article in the whole system more
completely defensible. Its propriety rented upon this plain
pioposition, that every Government ought to contain in It-
self the means of its own preservation. If in the Consti-
tution Uicie weie tome depaitures, (rum tins piineiple, (aa
it might admitted thcie worn,) they were matters of re-
gret, and dictated by a controlling moral or political neces-
sity, and they ought not to be extended. It was obviously
jmpiacticablc to fiame and insert in the Constitution an
election law winch would be applicable to ail possible
changes in the situation of the country, and convenient for
all the States*. A di^eietiouaiy power over elections must
be vested somewheie Theie seemed hut three ways in
which u could be reasonably oigamzed. It might be lodged
either wholly in the national Legislature, or wholly in the
State Legislature*, or primarily iii the latter, and ultimately
in the former. The last was the mode adopted by the con-
vention. The regulation of elections is submitted, m the
first m>taiiec, to the local governments, winch, in ordinary
cases, and when no nnptopei views prevail, may both con-
veniently and satisfactorily he by them exercised. But in
cxtraouiinaiy circumstances the power h reserved to the
national Government; so that it may not be abused, and
thus hazard the safety and permanence of the Union; nor
let it be thought that s>uch an occurence h wholly imagin-
ary. It is a known fact that, under the eonfedeiation, Ithodo
Uland, at a veiy critical period, withdiew her delegates
lrom Congress, and thus prevented some important meas-
ures being earned.
ii The objections then tothepr^ision are not found and
tenable. The reasons in its favoi me. on the otbei hand,
of gieat force and importance. In the fir>t place, the power
may be applied by Congicss to coriectanv negligence in a
State inieg.ud to ejections, as well as tn piev< nt a disso-
lution of the Government by designing and refraetoiy States,
urged on by some tempoiary excitements. In the next
place, it will opciato as a check in favor of the people
against any designs of a Federal1 Senate and their constitu-
ents, to deprive the people of the State of their right to
el)oo:-e Representatives. In the ne.\t place, it piovides a
icmedy lor the evil, if any State, by reason of invasion or
other cau&e, cannot have it in its power to appoint a place
wheie the citizens can safely meet to choose Representa-
tive?. In the lu^t place, (a-, the plan io but an experiment,)
it may hereafter become important, with a view to the reg-
ular opeiations of the General Government, that there
should be uniformity in the turn; and manner of electing
Representatives ;md Senatois so as to prevent vacancies
when thoie may he calls for extraordinary sessions of Con-
gress H hitch a time should occur, or such a uniformity
be hereafter dc-irable, Congress i., the only body possess-
ing the means to produce it."
But it is objected that this construction cannot
bo maintained, because the fourth paragraph of the
second section, which provides that writs of elec-
tion shall issue from the executive authorities of
the States, tenders the interposition of the States
essential to valid elections of Representatives in
Congress. Sir, I have not time to argue the ques-
tion; I will only say that that provision must be
taken in connection with the other provisions of
the Constitution. The whole must he considered
in pari materia, and consistently with the general
intent. Apd such was Judge Story's view. In
commenting on this clause, he says:
" The friends of State poweis would naturally rest satis-
fied with leaving it with the State executive; and the friends
of the national Government would acquicsce in that arrange-
ment if other constitutional provisions existed mjficicnt to
pi eserve its due execution.•J
When the Constitution is so considered, the
objeefcon disappears.
Gentlemen say we may and ought to ratify tne
election though irregularly held. Mr. Speaker,if
wo could not order the election to be held as it has
been held, how can we ratify it? They pointus to
the case of California, but there is no analogy be-
tween the two cases. That was acnscai ising under
the power to admit new States, and the only ques-
tion was whether to admit or reject the now State,
How now States are to be admitted, and what the
preliminaries and the mode of pioceeding, are not
prescubed by the Constitution. The case of Cali-
fornia was this: the people of California, which was
then under the military government temporal tiy es-
tablished at the time of the conquest, with the con-
sent oft hat government, held a convention, framed
a State constitution, appointed State officers, elect-
ed a Legislature* and the Legislature in the usual
