1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Frauds on the Treasury, &e.—Mr. Van Wych.
Ho, OF Reps.
their services ten dollar* per day while actually engaged in
making such divibion and report, and reasonable traveling
expenses.
Sec. 3. *3nd be it further enaUedy That whenever any
States, the people whereof are in rebellion against the
United States, be free from rebel armed forces, and
the President ot the United States shall be of opinion that
a majority of the electors of such State in pood faitli desire
the jestoration of their State government as it existed on
the li?t day of December, I860, he shall by proclamation
ordernn election to be held in the said State for Governor,
Senator-? and Representative* in the Legislature on a day
to be named therein; and such election shall be held in all
inspects, and the right of suffrage thereat shall be, as pro-
vided by the constitution and laws of said fcUatc, as they
wete in force on the day and year afoiesaid; and the Pres-
ident shall appoint all officers required by said constitu-
tion and law* for holding the said elections, whose duu  s
and qualifications shall he as therein piescnbed, and th"
said elections shall be ceitified according to the law of the
State and returned to the Governor, acting Governor, or
person administering executive authority in the said State,
who shall by proclamation declarc the said election ; and
the persons so elected ^Shill on the  day of the month
next succeeding the said election a.-semble" at the capital
of the ^aid State, and enter upon the dit-ciiaige of the du -
ties of then respective office*, having first taken such oaths
as are prescribed by the Constitution and laws of said
State and ot the United States, and snail continue in office
till the next general election, as provided by the laws of
such Stite, and the elecuou and qualification of their suc-
cessors.
FRAUDS ON THE TREASURY—THE NEW YORK
CUSTOM-IIOUSE.
SPEECH OF 110N. C. II. VANWYCK,
OK NJSW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 23, 1863.
Mr. VAN WYCK. In the early history of
the war it was claimed that frauds ana peculations
were unavoidable; that the cupidity of the avari-
cious would take advantage of the necessities! of
the nation, and for a time must revel and grow
rich amidst the groans and griefs of the people;
that piessing wants must yield to the extortion
of the base; that when the capital was threatened,
railroad communication cut off, the most exorbi-
tant prices could safely be demanded for steam and
sailing vessels; that whe"n our arsenals had been
robbed of arms, gold could not be weighed against
cannon and muskets; that the Government must
be excused if it suffered itself to be overreached.
Yet, after the lapse of two years, we find ihe same
system of extortion prevailing, and robbery has
grown more unblushing in Us exactions as Jt feels
secure in its immunity from punishment,and that
species of fraud which shocked the nation m the
spring of 1881 has been increasing. The fitting
out of each expedition by water as well as land is
but a refinement upon the extortion and immense
profits which preceded it. The freedom from
punishment by svhielfcthe first greedy and rapa-
cious horde wen; suffered to run at large with ill-
gotten gams seems to have demoralized too many
of those who deal with the Government. The
affair of the Catiline has giown to be a vntuous
transaction, compared with the charter of iteaily
every vessel since. The two and a half per cent,
commissions of the brother-in-law of the Secre-
tary of the Navy have been elevated into a gener-
ous patriotism by the larger sums continually
paid fiom that time.
Some one should be held responsible for this
incessant plundering. Then1 is no more necessity
for a nation to be overreached than for a large cor-
potation or an individual. It is idle and childish,
nay, < runinal, to say these things must be bin in .
No,sir; the Government can procure honest men
in its vatious offices of trust. .Ninety-nine hun-
dredths of nil the fi.lulls committed an.' done hy \
the complicity and connivance of pesons m its ,
employ. And tin-Government must, be blnid m- 1
deed not to see that fact,and woimj (han imbecile 1
to suff'r it a dav. Wii.it good does detection and 1
exposure do it the whole sy.steni sliU goes on ? It ■
is the eei (ainty of punishment alone that prevents j
tin commission wt'ciime. j
Ei fore 1860 w< talked much, and of truth, of the
corruptions of the Buchanan admnnstiation. We 1
promised (he people reform and ictrenchment.
We believed the custom-house in the city of New j
Yoik was a soiuce of political power and political !
con upturn. I was opposed to paying su^h largu |
sums to the revenue officers, and on the 5ih day ■
of July, 1861, introduced a bill to linut them to a i
salary of about five thousand dollars each, and
require them to pay all fines, penalties, and for-
feitures into the Treasury of the United States.
Satisfied that the old abuses existed in full force,
on the 26th day of February, 1862,1 moved a res-
olution of inquiry into various matters connected
therewith, and in March last examined fifty wit-
nesses. I regret to say that I am compelled to
differ with my colleagues on the committee as to
that evidence and the subjects of inquiry. On the
part of some of them there has been a persistent
effort to suppress that evidence. The motive in-
ducing such a course I must leave the public to
judge. I obtained consent from the House to pub-
lish a minoi ity report, and to that refer for the his-
tory of the whole matter,and the more important
evidence touching the subjects under considera-
tion.
A few days after taking that testimony I went
with my regiment to the Peninsula. Letters came
to me from various sources that the evidence was
to be suppressed. So frequent and earnest was
the statement, that I wrote to a colleague on the
committee, stating the rumors, but received no
answer.
Various newspapers have charged that it was
to be suppressed, and that I was instrumental for
that object. 1 desire to state thus publicly that a
majority of the committee not only intended to
suppress the evidence, but that I should not be
allowed to use it. Contraiy to theirexpectations,
I did obtain and use it. My report will show fully
the history and result of the unjustifiable and un-
parliamentary course of the committee to secure
the end they desired.
moneys received by revenue officers.
There was a difference of opinion among the
witnesses as to the amountof moneys received by
the levenue officers. Mr. Caigill,a very candid
man, formerly in the custom-house under Schell,
as deputy, m a position which entitled him to know,
states it at $150,000 to each for four years, inde-
pendent of the salary. Also Mr. Bayaid, then
and now in thes< izure bureau of the custom-house,
a cautious, prudent witness, whose office gave him
the means of knowing, and who had previously
made calculations as to the amount, fixes it at
5)30,000 per annum to each, while Mr. Barney, A n-
diews, and Deiimson, each decline to swear how
much they receive, say tug they do not know,and
leferringto the books of the auditor, Mr. Ogden,
to ascertain the'amount. The figures as made by
Mr. Ogden show from fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures, between twenty-one and twenty-two thou-
sand dollars per annum, besides the salary of
£,5,000. In addition the collector receives from
commissions on the harbormasters, health officers,
and seamen's retreat hospital fees, about four thou-
sand dolhus more, making according to their own
figun s about tint ty thousand dollais pei annum
for the collector, and $27,000 each to the surveyor
and naval officer. Possibly theie should be no
censure for the officers who take these fabulous
amounts when the law gives u to them, but what
outiage and enormity in the law whi<,h can tolerate
such a thing! A paity in power which creates or
continues such a law ought to be rebuked. If those
gentlemen are worth $30,000 a year to themselves,
they certainly are not to the Government. With-
out any disparagement to them, who will pretend
that their places could not be filhd with men
equally competent for the salary of £,5,000?
A bad system is sought to be upheld by a worse
argument. It is in the mouth ot the custom offi-
cials and tin ir friends that revenue laws cannot
be cnfoiced unless the collectm, sutveyor, and
naval officer are encouiaged, not by their oath and
sense of duty, but the piospect of enriching them-
selves.
by whom violation's of the revenue laws aiie
detected.
Most of the frauds are detected and seizines
made by the subord mates, who have not thehojte
of gain before then eyes, hut whose only motive
for the faithful and zealous discharge of du'y is
the hope of retaining a position with the salary.
Let such be the case with the revenue officers them-
selves; let them undeistaud that a negligent and
careless discharge of duty will work th* ir re-
moval, and your laws will be enforce!. Those
laws can be enforced without bribing men to do
their duty at the enormous sum of f30,000,yt;arl5,
We do not so with judges ancj police officers.
Besides, the present system leads to an incKe$pp
of smuggling. Smugglers understand tljey.^re
not to be punished except in dollar^ and''peats;
they understand that revenue officers do, tfteir
work only for money, and if that be theacjinow),
edged ruling motive, the more violations the more
money. Smuggling is on the increase, yet the
fitting out of slavers in the port of New York,
which existed for so many years, has been broken
up by the cfficicncy of the marshal of th.at city.
And the evidence clearly establishes that it is as
easy? if noteasier, to prevent smuggling than stop
slavers. There is but little smuggling; except in-
voicing goods undervalued, and it is also in proof
that sucli violations ^should be detected by the
officers at the time the goods are ill the public
stores.
money received as bribes.
One of the detectives, Isaacs, swore in January
that he received considerable money as bribes,
and that he always gave it to the collector, naval
officei, or surveyor. How much it amounts to
yeaily we have no evidence. That is one of the
unrecorded perquisites. This is a very significant
fact. The ruling motive of certain custom-house
officials seems to be appreciated by the smuggling
community. Such persons are aware that it is
extremity hazardous to offer money unless they
know their man, and very doubtful whether they
part with it. unless upon a consideration secured.
It is due to the honest importers that some other
system should be introduced whereby they should
not be in continual dread of the rapacious hordes
which issue from the custom-house*, and the evi-
dence shows that many add to the actual value of
their foods so that there can be no possibility of
trouble. -
mode of seizing goods.
The manner of the seizures and the class of
victims are also shown. The men are generally
foieigners, who know but little of our laws and
language, cannot easily get security, and a part
of whose capital may be a g5od standing, to in-
sure credit abroad, which would be blown away
at the fust whisper of trouble with Government
officials. Under-valuations ' are suffered to go
on for a long time; and when the storjt^jjg^KcIl
filh d a descent is made with an army of'Hi^Ordi-
nates; goods, books, private papers, everything,
is seized, business stopped, officers placed in
charge of the store, and certain destruction awaits
them. In many cases the goods are perishable,
and by delay rendetcd entirely worthless. Sud-
denly these men who had exhibited the rapacity
of a wolf, assume the getitle mildness of the lamb;
then they profess much tender sympathy, and, of
course, recommend him to a lawyer. One will
take him one side and whisper in his ear m dul-
cet tones the name of a lawyer who is profound
on custom-house cases; then another meek, gen-
tle soul will do the same: then another, but the
charmed circle of names includes generally but
two. The lawyer is secured, who assures him
that his convictions of nun arc well founded.
Custom-house proposes a settlement; the hawk-
eye 1 una up and down the invoices, and along the
piles ofgoods, from private papers ascertaining
where aed the amount of ins hank account, and
usually fix upon the aggregaPGnf the m m's piop-
ei ty as the terms of compromise, and then mag-
nanimously surrender, agreeing upon one half,
and sometimes less.
gracing cupidity leads to other infractions
of tiie law.
The desire for gain, thus uncontrolled, over-
rides the law in it-  gralifi'-ation, and the ptesent
officers do what their piodei < ss -rs, as a gi uernl-
thing, dated not.* The Jaw reqaifs 'h u .ill e s
win re the pioperty seized exceeds i,]w0 r.\ value
shall pass through tin hands of the uisn n't attor-
ney and the eoiuts. Tnese proper safeguards
must be set at naught, and when careful s uboidi-
nates warn these men of (heir usurpation*, Mr.
Dennison, most daring of the ihiee, declares that
he will assume the responsibility, and the more
amiable surveyor and collector suffer Inm to have
his own way. Mark the reason alleged fi.r this
wanton infraction of the law; because the other
officers get fees from the proceeds, and they will
