THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1863.
New Series No. 49.
the navigation of that river is at all practicable;
and whether it is seriously contemplated to make
an actual communication by means of this canal
for the passage of gunboats to the lakes*, whether,
in other words, the immense expenditure of money
upon a canal for this purpose would not be an en-
tire waste, tSnless the channel of the Mississippi
river is also deepened to admit the passage of boats
of the size contemplated to the mouth of the Illi-
nois river?
Mr. Speaker,it is not my custom, as this House
is well aware, to take much if any part in the gen-
eral debate upon this floor, and oniy the magni-
tude of this scheme of internal improvement to
be accomplished at this time by the General Gov-
ernment, induces me even to interpose to ask a
question. It is a measure against the punciples
of which my party has been firmly set for the last
thirty years, indeed ever since it has been in ex-
istence; and I cannot help expressing my entire
disapprobation of the whole scheme. It looks at
this time, at this period of our nation's history, to
the expenditure of untold millions of money. But
this will doubtless secure its passage through this
body. Every measure calculated to involve large
expenditures of money, meets with the patronage
and favor of the other side of the House.
Mr. ARNOLD. Will the gentleman permit me
to make a single remaik?
Mr. VOORHEES. No, sir; I hold the floor
by the courtesy of my colleague, and I decline to
extend to a gentleman on that side of the Mouse
a courtesy which has never been extended to me,
but which has been very often refused. Gentle-
men over there have failed to learn that a mem-
ber of the minoiity has any lights.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 merely wished to say 
Mr. VOORHEES. I decline to yield until I
have finished my remarks, unless I am out of or-
der. Am I out of order, Mr. Speaker? If 1 am,
of course it will be promptly so decided.
The SPEAKERpro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The gentleman is not out of order
thus far.
Mr. VOORHEES. t may say,sofarasI have
any right to speak for any portion of the great
West, that we, for the present at least, in our
present condition of finance, are satisfied with the
channels of communication which the Almighty
has created for us. We shall be satisfied to be in
possession of the channel of the Mississippi river.
It is better than any of your canals. You can-
not compete with what the Almighty has done in
that valley. And you cannot turn back the course
of trade; you can no more turn back the current
of the trade of that broad and fertile agricultural
region against its natural tendencies to the Gulf
of Mexico, than you can turn the waters of Us
great river backward toward its source.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Will my colleague
permit me to a.sk him a question?
Mr. VOORHEES. I will yield to my colleague
from the La Fayette district.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I ask my colleague
what proportion of the products of Indiana goes
down the Mississippi river, and what proportion
goes eastward, to New Yoik ?
Mr. VOORHEES. I will answer the question j
with great pleasure. All the commodities that we j
have to exchange for the articles which we pur-
chase from Europe would go down there to seek
an exchange, if our trade was once more estab-
lished on that river. If for no other reason, this
would be the case by reason of the exorbitant
price that we pay on our freights going north and
east on railroads which are mostly controlled by
New York and New England, who have taken
advantage of our troubles to charge us nearly the
entire value of our products for carrying them to
market. We would also avoid trading witii the
Eastforanother reason. Its Representatives here,
with the aid, I regret to say, of some western men,
have also taken advantage of our condition to lay
a tariff upon us that makes us pay tribute by our
labor to the factories of New England. It makes us
poor to make them rich. I denounce it as a naked
robbery, and the people of the West so regard it.
49
Mr. W H1TK, of Indiana. My colleague will
permit me to make an explanation. The answer
of my colleague has been hypothetical as to what
in his opinion might be in a certain condition of
things. I flfcked my colleague to reply to a ques-
tion of fact.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will answer my col-
league's question.
Mr. DA VV ES sought the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, i have often sought
this floor in vain myself, and hold it now only for
a few minutes thiough the kindness of my col-
league, [Mr. Holman.] I understand my col-
league's question now to be what products of the
Mississippi valley would now seek the Gulf of
Mexico. If he wants me to answer the question
without any hypothesis, all I can say is that none
will seek it now, because we cannot communicate
with the Gulf of Mexico. They will go to New
York, because they must go theie or rot on our
hands.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. My colleague, I pre-
sume, very well known that 1 refer to a period
when the navigation of the Mississippi was open.
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 supposed so when the
question was first propounded, and endeavored to
answeraccordmgly. 1 have only this in addition
to say, in reply to the remaiks of the gentleman
from New York, the chairman of the Military
Committee, [Mr. Olin.] It has been argued by
him at length that this canal is to be an additional
bond to connect New England and the Atlantic
coast to the West. Sir, we need no other bonds
than those of justice, liberality, and right. If New
England will do i ight she will find us a pleasant
neighbor; if she does wrong she will find us no
neighbor atall. Weare notto be bound, nor arc the
ties to be strengthened between us and New Eng-
land and the Atlantic coast, by taking our money
and expending it in grand schemes of internal im-
provementm which hei interests and not outs are
consulted. No such scheme as this now befoic
the House is necessary for our prosperity. And
let me tell the gentleman that this Government
cannot be bound together by any such material
bonds; by any such adventurous schemes. We
can live together by obeying the Constitution and
laws of the country, and doing right one to an-
other. The West has no antagonism towaids the
East. She weeks none; she wants none. Hut when
gentlemen come here and ask us to be bound by
taxing our people perhaps hundreds of millions
of dollars to cutadiich in the State of Illinois,
and when, in addition to that, they impose upon
us a tariff policy and other odious, unconstitu-
tional measures of taxation which are eating out
our substance, let me tell them the fire that burns
the cord will not sooner sever that to which it is
touched than wril the West sever any such bonds
as these. There is nothing m the argument at ail.
1 have been betrayed into saying more than I
expected; but I look upon this as one of a number
of vast, stupendous schemes which the other side
of the House seeks to carry out at a time when we
have no money to waste, and when we have no
taxes to expend for any such purpose. The bill
is merely for the benefit of a local interest, at the
expense of the entire body-politic. 1 learned my
Democracy, at least, in a different school from
this, and my Democracy upon that point I look
upon as true statesmanship. For this reason I
shall vote against this measure, and 1 now renew
my question to the gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mr.
Arnold,] in order to expose at least a part of this
scheme, whethei the Mississippi river, from the
mouth of the Illinois to St. Louis, is navigable ex-
cept for the smallest class of boats for but a small
portion of the year ?
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the gentleman from Indi-
ana to permit me for a moment to reply to the in-
terrogatory of his colleague, [Mr. Vooriiees.]
Mr. HOLMAN. For a moment.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, I do not under-
stand the fact to be that for any ve y considerable
portion of the year the Mississippi river is not
navigable from St. Louis to the mouth of the Illi-
nois. On the contrary, it is nearly always navi-
gable for the largest class of river steamers, and
a very slight improvement will make it navigable
at all times.
Nojv, sir, I appreciate all the gentleman from.
Indiana has said about the importance to the great
Northwest of the mouth of the Mississippi, I
agree with him m the hope and belief that at an
early day the course of that river will be in our
uninterrupted possession. Butlhisbill proposest<j
create another mouth to that great Father of Wa-
ters—that grand river which rises in a laud where
water never thaws and runs to a land where wa-
ter never freezes—this bill proposes to make an-
other mouth for that great river, and that mouth
at the city of New York. And ail the importance
which every statesman of to-day attaches to that
great river m its power for holding this nation to-
gether, will apply with the same degree of force
in regard to tins measure, if it shall be adopted.
With that accomplished, the Mississippi, rising
at the far north, and having one mouth at the city
of New Orleans and the other at the city of New
York, the destinies of this Republic are one for-
ever. This consideration, that the effect of this
bill will be to reunite our country forever, is with
me a strong consideration in favor of this bill,
however it may affect the action of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask that the
gentleman from Indiana will yield to me for a mo-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. For a single moment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to reply
to the question propounded by the gentleman from
Indiana in relation to the depth of the water in
the Mississippi river between the mouth of the
Illinois river and St. Louis. Since he.made the
suggestion I have conversed with gentlemen fa-
miliar with that river for the last ten yeaia, and
who know exactly what is its condition. Tney
say, and I believe the fact, that with very few and
slight exceptions, there have been six feet of wa-
ter in that channel for the last ten years. They
say further, that as a general thing there is much
more water in that channel.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let me make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the g< ntleman tell
me how long ourgunboats,after they were ready
for sailing at St. Louis, were detained there for
want of water in the river? How long, last fall,
hud they to wait before they could get down the
river from St. Louis ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not know.
I never heard u questioned before that below St.
Louis there were not six feet of water in the chan-
nel of the Mississippi river.
Mr. DAWES. I will say a few woids, with the
permission of the gentleman fiom Indiana, [Mr.
Holman.] I am soiry, sir, that the Mississippi
liver is not more of a stream. The gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Vooriiees,] who was not
willing to be corrected, will allow me to say that
1 was perfectly astonished that a gentleman of his
high distinction would do what nobody else would
do—acknowledge himself to be a mail so abso-
lutely ignorant of statistics. He said that the
channel of the Mississippi river, r«sgiven to them
by God in its magnificence, and glm y, was greater
than any channels which could hebroughtforward,
and that they were determined to have that chan-
nel as it wasmade; that we could notcompete with
it. He said that it was the best means for pouting
out the grain of the West. The gentleman stated
that in the face of the statistics, when the river
has been open to within the last two yeai s, which
show that forty-nine fiftieths of all of the gram of
the West that ever touched Ude-woter has gone
eastward rather than down the Mississippi river.
With all of its glory, with all of us magnificence,
it does not compete with the channel towards the
East, when it takes only one fiftieth of the prod-
uce. And that produce has been struggling with
all of the difficulties which the gentleman from
Indiana has stated so properly as having: mcum-
