1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7 rr
BILL INTRODUCED,
Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
508) to provide for the construction of a military
and postal railway from the city of Washington
to the city of New York; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
MESSAGE K11051 THE HOUSE,
A message from the House of .Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 647) for the relief of the adminis-
trator of Captain Richard Stevenson, deceased;
A bill (No. 725) to grant a pension of eight dol-
lars per month, during her widowhood, to Eliza-
beth Hausener; and
A bill (No. 726) granting a pension to Frances
H. Plummer, widow of the late Brigadier General
Joseph B. Plummer, of the United States Army.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had concurred in theamendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 665) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Departmentduringthc fiscal year ending the 30th
of June,1864.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bill and
joint resolutions of the  Senate:
A bill (No. 127) for the relief of Isaac Vander-
poel;
A joint resolution (No. 118) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims m the case
of R. A. Clements, administrator of James N.
Muilicon;
" A joint resolution (No. 120) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the £ourt of Claims in the case
of David D. Mitchell;
A. joint resolution (No. 121) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Thomas Hicks, executor of Isaac Hicks; and
A joint resolution (No. 122) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims m the case
of Alexander D. Anderson, administrator of John
Anderson.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenroiled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 430) to provide for the protec-
tion of overland emigrants to the States and Ter-
ritories of the Pacific; 0
A bill (S. No. 463) to increase the clerical and
other force of the GLuartermaster General's Office,
and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 127) for the relief of Isaac Van-
derpoel;
A joint resolution (S. No. 118) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Count of Claims in the
case of R. A. Clements, administrator of James
N. Muilicon;
A joint resolution (S. No. 120) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of David D. Mitchell;
A joint resolution (S. No. 121) to confirm the
advetse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Thomas Hicks, executor of Isaac Hicks;
A joint resolution (S. No. 122) to confirm the
adverse decision ot the Court of Claims in the
case of Alexander D. Anderson, administrator
of John Anderson;
A bill (H. R. No. 636) concerning the district
courts of the Territory of Washington;
A bill (VI. R. No. 610) making appropiiations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1864, and for deficiencies for
the signal service tor the year ending the 30th of
June, 1863;
A bill (H. R. No. 665) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
duriti"" the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1864; a id
A bill (I-I. R. No. 720) to make the State of
Wisconsin a part of the ninth judicial circuit.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mi\Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the Pi evident had approved and signed, on
the 6th instant, a bill (S. No. 458) to amend an
act entitled " An act for the collection of direct
taxes in insurrectionary districts within the Uni-
ted States, and f<w other purposes," approved
June 7, 1862.
HOUSE BILLS REFEKKED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 647) for the relief of the adminis-
trators of Captain Richard Stevenson, deceased—
to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 725) to grant a pension of eight
dollars per month, during her widowhood, to Eliz-
abeth Hausener—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 726) granting a pension to Prances
H. Plummer, widow of the late Brigadier Gen-
eral Joseph B. Plummer, of the United States
Army—to the Committee on Pensions.
COMMISSARY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask the Senate to
take up the bill (H. R. No. 658) to increase the
efficiency of the commissary department. It passed
the House of Representatives at the last session,
and at the present session has been twice reported
unanimously by the Committee on MilitaryAtTairs
of the Senate. The commissary department stands
now precisely where it did under the old Army
regulations, with no increase of rank or pay. It
is thought to be very important that that bill
should be taken up and passed now. I suppose
there will be no objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R, No. 658) to promote the efficiency
of the commissary department. It directs that
there be added to the subsistence department of
the Army, by regular piomotion therein, one
bi igadier general, whd shall be Commissary Gen-
eral of Subsistence, one colonel, one lieutenant
colonel,and two majors, the colonels and lieuten-
ant colonels to be Assistant Commissaries General
of Subsistence; and that vacancies in the above-
mentioned grades shall be filled by regular pro-
motion in the department. The vacancies created
by promotions thus authorized may be filled by
selections from the officers of the regular or vol-
unteer force.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have only
one objection to the bill. It provides that these
officers shall be appointed by regular promotion.
I agree to that, except so far as it relates to the brig-
ad ier general who is to be the head of the depart-
ment; I think he should be appointed by selection,
lam perfectly willing that Colonel Taylor shall be
appointed, and shall be very glad to see him ap-
pointed brigadier general; but I do not think that
we should departin this case from the usual course,
which is to appoint general officers by selection;
and I move to amend the bill in that way. The
other officers can be appointed by promotion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
indicate his amendment?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the bill so that the brigadier general shall
be appointed by selection, and the other officers
by regular promotion.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I understand the Sen-
ator, he has no personal objection to Colonel Tay-
lor, and would be happy to see him appointed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir; I
should be very glad to see him promoted.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then why make the amend-
nient ?
Mr. W1LSON, of Massachusetts. Because a
general officer ought always to be appointed by
( selection, and not by promotion.
; Mr. COLLAMER. They were appointed by
I promotion, as I thought.
J Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Never in
this country.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
i Massachusetts moves to amend the bill in line four
by striking out the words " by regular promotion
therein," and to insert the words " to be appointed
by selection:" so that it will read:
That til ere be added to the subs-ietcnce department of
! tile .Army, to be appointed by selection, one brigadier geu-
j era], &c.
j Mr. TRUMBULL. The words "to be ap-
| pointed by selection*' are not necessary. Let it
; be amended so as to read:
Tiial there he added to the subsistence department one
brigadier gcneial,
Of course he is to be appointed by the Presi-
dent. You do not want to insert the words " to
be appointed by selection."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts so modify his motion? •
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs proposes an amends
ment to which I do not agree. 1 think the pro-
motion should be by seniority. I think Colonel
Taylor is" the proper man for the place. I do not
know that there is any intention to strike at hiiin;
but if there is I should certainly resist the amend-
ment. 1 think it is proper that he should be there.
If there is an honest and competent man in Wash-
ington, I think he is the man.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will mod-
ify my amendment by striking out, in line four,
the words " by regular promotion therein," and
by inserting in line five, after the word " subsist-
ence," the words "and by regular promotion;"
so that it will read:
That there be added to the subsistence department of the
Army one brigadier general, who shall be Commissary Gen-
era) of Subsistence; and, by regular promotion, one colonel,
one lieutenant colonel, and two majors, &c.
Mr. President, I wish to be distinctly under-
stood in this matter. I believe the subsistence
department to be admirably managed. Less fault
is found with it than with any other department
of the military service. There is not a man in
the Senate or the country who would rejoice more
to see Colonel Taylor, at the head of that depart-
ment, promoted than myself. 1 believe him to be
a faithful and true and loyal man. But,sir, I do
not think we ought to legislate for a man; we
should legislate for the country; and we ought to
select the general to be appointed ill this depart-
meni just as other generals are, by the appoint-
ment of the President, and let the other officers
be promoted as we promote in the other branches
of the service. We select a duartermaster Gen-
eral; we select an Adjutant General: we select all
the generals of our Army, and especially we select
theordnancc general and appoint infeiior officers
by regular promotion. Then why should we de-
part from that rule here? I hope the amendment
will be adopted, and then I hope Colonel Taylor
will be appointed. I think there is not a man in
the country who will oppose his appointment.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts will not prevail.
It is admitted on all hands that the business of this
department is most admirably conducted. Not-
withstanding the vast increase of business in that
department; notwithstanding the labors which are
almost herculean, it is admitted that its affairs
have been conducted to the entire satisfaction of
everybody. if the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts should prevail, it will
authorize the selection of any officer to be placed
in that position whether he be qualified or not.
It is a most important post. Its transactions in-
volve the expenditure of millions upon millions,
and afford an opportunity to a person who might
not be disposed to administer it with an eye single
to economy and the interest of the Goverment to
practice very great abuses and even frauds. The
department has been heretofore under the control
or government of regular Army officers, men who
have been in the service from early years, from
lieutenants, and who have become perfectly fa-
miliar with the duties of the appointment and the
office, and who have a pride and a spirit connected
with the successful operations of that department,
and whose interest in it is only second to the in-
terest which they feel in the success of the coun-
try itself and its progress.
Now, I am desnous inasmuch as there has been
no objection and can be none reasonably raised
against the administration of affairs in the com-
missary department, that it shall not be exposed
to the I lability and danger of having—without dis-
respect I speak it—an outsider brought in there
and put over the heads of those who have been
for years discharging the duties of that depart-
ment, and render the public service liable to loss
and to detriment. It is the fear which I entertain
on this subject which induces me to submit these
observations to the Senate in opposition to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
, sachusetts.
j Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That I may have an
I opportunity of evidencing my appreciation of the
I manner in which Colonel Taylor has discharged
