7-74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bis duly 1 ask for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON. It seems to be the unan-
imous testimony of all who are familiar with this
office that it has been admirably conducted. I
suppose that it has been. 1 believe from what I
have heard that this department has been con-
ducted perhaps better than any other in*the city
of Washington.
Now, sir, if this is the case, I want to know the
necessity for the passage of this bill at all. "Why
interfere with Colonel Taylor? Why alter the
management of the office? Why seek to do it by
the passage ofthis bill? I am opposed to the whole
bill, and particularly after what I have heard to-
day. I suppose the real object of this bill is—and
we may as well talk plainly about it—to make a
brigadier general out of Colonel Taylor, and to
raise the rank of certain other officers. If the
duties of this office have been well performed, why
should Congress meddle with it? What is the
necessity of changing the organization of the de-
partment?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator from
Minnesota tell the Senate the rank of the heads
of the quartermaster's bureau and the ordnance
bureau ?
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, that is just
what 1 expected, just what I supposed. The offi-
cers of this department have complained to some-
body that they do not have as high rank as those
in some other departments of the Government.
Congress has raised the rank of the officers in the
quartermaster's department, and have not done
it in the subsistence department, and, therefore,
we are to pass this bill. I want to know if the
raising of the rank of the officers in the quarter-
master's department has caused the duties of that
office to be administered any better now than when
it was managed by a colonel. I want to know if
raising the rank of the head of the commissary
department and the officers under him will ad-
minister the business of that office any better than
it has been administered since this war com-
menced.
I am opposed to the whole thing. It may be
unfair, perhaps, that the quartermaster's depart-
ment should be administered by a brigadier gen-
' eral and the subsistence department should have
at the head of it only a colonel; but the aigument
in favor of this bill is this: we have done wrong
once, and therefore we must keep doing wrong.
Mr. COLLAMER. The ordnance department
is also under a general.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then it only shows that
we have done wrong twice. 1 am not disposed to
legislate or to vote on any such argument, it is
all wrong,and it has led to interminable difficulty
since this war commenced. We are besieged, and
I presume there is not a man in Congress but what
ia applied to, day after day and day after day, by
subordinate officers to raise them to the rank of
others who they say are no better entitled to it
than they. This system of legislation is ail wrong.
I am in favor of leaving Colonel Taylor precisely
where he was, and permitting him to go on and
discharge the duties of this office as faithfully as
he has done heretofore, if he sees fit to retain the
office; and if he does not want it, let him resign.
My own opinion is that there never should have
been a shoulder strap in either the quartermas-
ter's or commissary'sdepartment; butthat if good
business men of the country had been selected,
if a good pork meichant, if you please, from Cin-
cinnati, who had conducted his business through
life successfully, had been selected as a Commis-
sary General, and a good business man, who could
build and conduct railroads and manage them suc-
cessfully, had been made Quartermaster General,
we should have had the duties of those offices
much better administered than they have been.
The reason that is urged for the passage ofthis
bill, I think, does not tuinish a sufficient excuse
for its passage. I presume if the rank of officers
in the other departments hud not been raised,
Colonel Taylor never would have asked for the
passage of any sueh bill as this. He would have
been content to administer it just as ho had ad-
ministered the duties of the office before this higher
rank was conferred on these other officers. I do
notsupposeit will add one particle to his business
talent; I do not suppose it will add one particle
February 7,
to his loyalty to the Government, or to the man-
ner in which he will discharge his duties. There-
fore,-believing that the principlg upon which the
friends of^this bill urge it upon us, and ask our
support of it, is entirely wrong, I shall vote
against the whole thing.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, the
Senator from Wisconsin [Minnesota] based his
argument upon the assumption that tnis hill 
Mr. HOWE. I simply want to remind the
Senator from Indiana that the Senator from Min-
nesota made those remarks. The Senator from
Wisconsin takes a very different view of this sub-
ject.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 am glad to hear it.
The argument of the honorable Senator from
Minnesota, then, was that this bill contemplated
simply an increase of rank. This bill does not
contemplate simply an increase of rank, but an
increase of the effective force to be employed in
the Commissary General's Office:
" There shall be added to the subsistence department
of the Army, by regular promotion, one brigadier general,
who shall he Commissary General, one colonel, one lieu-
tenant colonel, and two majors."
It will add precisely in that ratio to the effective
working force of the commissary department.
When we had a regular Army of less than ten
thousand men, the Commissary General's Office
was organized precisely as it is now, and with
precisely the same number of officers. With an
increase amounting to almost a million men in
the field, I suppose that nogentleman will contend
that the same force can discharge all the duties.
Mr. WILKINSON. I would like to ask the
Senator from Indiana, if what is said here is the
truth, that the business of that office has been well
performed and successfully administered, what is
the necessity of increasing t}ie force there?
Mr. LANE, oflndiana. I understand that there
may be a necessity for rewarding merit. I under-
stand that the effective force of the office may have
more labor placed upon them than men can be rea-
sonably expected to perform; and I will state in
justice to Colonel Taylor that in all the conversa-
tions I have had with him on the subject, he has
never intimated a desire for an increase of rank,
but has simply said that the force of the commis-
sary department was not sufficient to discharge
the duties of that department. I have no doubt
that is true. I believe this increase should begiven.
Rank with officers is very much. It is prized by
them. They labor for it, and it ought to be given
in meritorious cases. You have already departed
from that rule of strict economy to which the gen-
tleman would confine us, by making the chiefs of
the quartermaster's department, of the ordnance
department, and of other departments brigadier
generals; and even theehiefs of the staffs of some
of your officers in the field are major generals to-®
day, and here the commissary department has no
increase of rank, nor has it had any increase of
force since the commencement of the rebellion.
The fact that they have managed to discharge the
duties of the subsistence department with great
credit with their present force, is to my mind no
reason why they should not be promoted and have
rank commensurate with their merits, and it is
no reason why an additional force should not be
given commensurate with the increase of your
Army.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I think the
fi iends of Colonel Taylor are doing him injustice
in milking up an issue here on this amendment, in
regard to him personally. I am going to vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, not because I am opposed to Colonel Tay-
lor, and I do not intend to indicate by that that I
am opposed to the passage of the bill, but I am
opposed to establishing a new rule in relation to
these matters.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator from Iowa
will pardon me. I did not refer to the amendment
at all. I was only answering the objections to the
bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I am speaking generally. It
has been an inflexibleruleofthe Government thus
far, that no brigadier general should be made by
promotion. It has not been so in any bureau in
the War Department. Since I have been here,
since my friend from New Jersey iias been here
—for he came here with me—we have had two
quartermaster generals appointed, not by regular
promotion. General Johnston, now in the rebel
army, was taken from the second cavalry, of
which he was a lieutenant at the time, and made
Quartermaster General. The man who would have
been entitle^ by promotion, if such a law had been
in iorce, to the place that he was assigned to,
would have been Colonel Thomas, then at Phil-
adelphia. When Mr. Johnston left the service of
the Government and became a rebel, General
Meigs was_ taken from the position of a captain
in the engineer corps and made Quartermaster
General.
It is true I am not very much acquainted with
him; but I suppose it is true that Colonel Taylor
is an excellent officer. I have never heard a single
word against him, but I have always heard that
this bureau of the War Department was better
administered than any other, and I think more
satisfactorily to the country ; but it must be re-
membered that we are establishing a rule for the
government of the President hereafter; and that
if Colonel Taylor is to be appointed by regular
promotion, so will those who are behind him be
promoted in the same way when he ceases to hold
that office. We may be establishing a very in-
convenient rule. I do not remember who is the
next man below him; but if we pass this bill as
it came to us from the Military Committee, and
Colonel Taylor should die the day after his ap-
pointment as brigadier general, then that person
must of necessity become his successor; and he
may be incompetent for that place. Now, had we
not better allow the President to make the selec-
tion from the Army at large, or from the whole
country at large, rather than to confine him to this
small corps of commissaries ? Such has been the
practice of the Government hitherto; and I can-
not comprehend that there is an y very good reason
why we should depart from it.
If I was a lawyer and had any desire toprecip-*
itate the discussion of a constitutional question
upon the Senate, which I very much abhor, I
would suggest to some of the gentlemen here what
has been suggested to me by a friend, that it may
not possibly be competent for us to declare that
this particular man shall be made the Commis-
sary General. Suppose the President of the Uni-
ted States does not see fit to nominate him for
brigadier general, how aire we going to reach him ?
Can we compel him to do it by declaring that no-
body else shall be appointed except this particu-
lar man ? But that is aside from the position which
I take, thatth is is a departure from a universal rule.
From what I know of Colonel Taylor I would
sign a petition to the President to-day to appoint
him to this place, but I do not believe we ought
to legislate him intu.it.
Mr. TEN EYCi?. Only a word, sir. I may
remark with truth and frankness that the idea of
Colonel Taylor as a man did not enter into my
mind when I submitted the few remarks I made
on this subject a few minutes since. I will state
the idea I had: it may be running against some
technical rule that has existed heretofore in rela-
tion to the appointment of officers at the head of
this department; but my idea was, as a plain, old-
fashioned man, that when we had a person who
had been regularly trained and brought up to the
dischargeofa particular business, whohod proved
through a series of years to be efficient, trust-
worthy, competent, and honest, it was better to
continue him in such a position than to open the
door to the liability of the introduction of some
active, energetic, it may be political man, who
may desire to get in a comfortable and command-
ing position; a man who was created a general
yestprday; some particular friend of " the powers
that be;" a man who might go into the place
without the training which years would give him
for the proper discharge of the duties, and with-
out being restrained by the harness which had
been placed upon him duringyearsoflongservice.
The men who have had charge of this depart-
ment are Army officers, men who have no other
thought but to serve their country in that capa-
city. That might not be the case with a general
caught up and placed in command of that position;
a pork merchant from Cincinnati who, with his
skill in trade and his eye upon game, might pros-
titute the office to his own personal advantage and
to his own pecuniary aggrandizement. I say this
because that suggestion was made by the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Minnesota.] That was his ex-
ample as given to us. It may so happen that a
person thus selected with an eye to his own pe-
