1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cuniary advantage, might make a " good thing;"
of the aftair, having millions to pass through his
hands in the course of one year, and with no re-
straining influence or control upon him, such as
he gets by education in the Army, whose soul is
wrapped up in its honorand glory; he might line
his pockets, and at the end of a few years retire,
in common parlance,with what is called " a pile."
That was the idea I had in submitting the obser-
vations I did against the amendment proposed by
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts. I do not believe
that any very gieat misfortune would arise to the
service of this department, if it should so happen
that Colonel Taylor, if he should be promoted
under this bill, were to die suddenly, because I
believe the second in position in that office is
Colonel Eaton or Major Shiras, than whom there
are no more efficient and capable officers.
I do not see the reason why there should be reg-
ular promotion according to s^rade running through
almost every branch of the service, and just as
you get to the appointment of the head of a de-
partment, who may be a brigadier general, that
the rule must work in another way. I donotcare
wh.ether the case of the quartermaster's depart-
ment was different or not. I have nothing to say
about that. I shall not say how the affairs of that
department have been conducted, whether effi-
ciently or otherwise; yet I, unlettered and un-
skilled in these matters, not being a military man
or having any familiarity with them, cannot un-
derstand why this rule of promotion by regular
gradation shall run through almost every branch
of the Army until it gets just to one particular
spot, and that there that rule must be broken up
and disregarded. It is a matter of veiy little con-
sequence to me, further than a desire to have this
department well controlled, well governed, how
this vote shall be given. 1 would almost prefer
that this bill should fall, as the Senator from Min-
nesota has said, should fall entirely, than that the
change should be made which is now proposed to
be made in the bill. I would rather that the head
of the department should be continued as a colo-
nel, whether it be Colonel Taylor or any other
colonel, than that this opening should be given
for the introduction of a person of the description
who might be introduced there with all the facil-
ities which would be afforded to him to prey upon
the public interests and upon the public Treas-
ury if he did not prove to be an honest and trust-
worthy man.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the Senator from
Indiana and the Senator from New Jersey both
having ascribed to me some remarks which fell
from the Senator from Minnesota who sits beside
me, [Mr. Wilkinson,] it seems to compel mo
very reluctantly to set myself right. It is one of
the misfortunes of sitting in the particular neigh-
borhood in which I do sit. I am willing to sub-
mit to the penalty, because it is accompanied by
its advantages, among others, very pleasant so-
ciety. I do not sympathize with the opposition
which is started here to'the bill before the Senate;
on the contrary I sympathize with the bill, as I
understand it.
The Senator from Iowa has suggested two dif-
ficulties. They seem rather grave. I think they
are not insuperable. Suppose you provide by
law, says the Senator, for making the head of the
commissary department a brigadier geneial, and
you require that the brigadier shall be made by
regular promotion, then the first head of the
department will be the present head of the de-
partment, who now has the rank of colonel; and
suppose he should die, his second may be an in-
capable man, an unsuitable man. That seems
to be the difficulty. Does not the same difficulty
occur to the Senator as the law now stands*? As
the law now stands, I understand that the head
of the commissaiy department is a colonel. I
suppose he arrived at that rank by regular pro-
motion; and if he should die to-day somebody
would be made a colonel by regular promotion,
and being a colonel he would take his place at the
head of the commissary department. I do not
see that the difficulty will be any greater if you
pass the bill than it is now. The head of the com-
missary department stands there by regular pro-
motion, and must continue to stand there by reg-
ular promotion as the law is.
That is 01 je of his difficulties. Another, which
he does not urge with any great pertinacity, but
rather offers by way of suggestion, is that there
may be a constitutional difficulty in the way. He
seems to doubt whether the Legislature can tell
the President of the United States whom he shall
make a brigadier general. I suppose we have told
him whom he shall make colonel in the commis-
sary department.
Mr. GRIMES. When did we tell him ?
Mr. HOWE. By requiring regular promotions
up to that grade.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is that done?
Mr, HOWE. I suppose that to be the law. If
not, it is so in the line; and I do not know that
there is any greater constitutional difficulty in com-
manding the President to promote a particular
man in the commissary department than there is
in the line of the Army, and I believe such is the
law there, though I have not looked at the legis-
lation on this subject. I do not think there is any
constitutional difficulty in the way.
But it is said by my friend who sits next to me
[Mr. Wilkinson] that the duties of the commis-
sary department have been discharged very well
by a colonel, and that they will not be discharged
any better, probably, if we make that colonel a
brigadier. I do not claim that they will; but I
believe the head of the commissary department
is charged by law, or will be during the next fis-
cal year, with the disbursement of $140,000,000.
That is a pretty grave responsibility; that is a
pretty heavy labor; and he has the rank and the
pay of a colonel. The Senator from Indiana has
rightly told us that brigadiers swarm everywhere
else in the service. 1 believe they aie to be found
in all sorts of places except upon the staff of the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate. I do not know
that he has any brigadiers upon his staff. Yet,
while you are so prodigal everywhere else with
this particular commodity, you deny that rank,
you deny the emoluments of it to the man who
stands at the head of that department,*who dis-
burses that amount of money, administers its
varied and responsible duties so ably as Colonel
Taylor is said to do. 1 do not think that is just;
and besides, I think there is great force in the sug-
gestion that because you made the head of the
Paymaster's Bureau and of the Quartermaster's
Bureau and of the Ordnance Bureau a brigadier,
you should not disgrace and discredit and degrade
the head of the Commissary Bureau by leaving
him with the rank and pay of a colonel. You
have assumed some sort of obligation, and it
seems to me a pretty potential obligation, to put
him on a level with the heads of those other bu-
reaus; and I think all the more so because the
present incumbent of that office is admitted on ail
hands to have dischmged his duty faithfully.
On this point I do not wish to testify. I sim-
ply wish to say that I have had occasion to visit
that office two or three times, and to make sev-
 oral applications to him, and they have been de-
nied every one of them, hut they have been de-
nied with such reason and upon such reasons as
satisfied me that the head of that bureau did not
mean to neglect the public service for the sake of
accommodating a member of Congress or accom-
modating a ftiend, but lie meant first of all to dis-
charge his duties to the country; and I am not at all
sure but that if he had manifested the other dis-
position to accommodate his friends rather than
to discharge his duty to the public, he would not
have been a brigadier or a major general a great
many months ago. I really think, sir, we ought
to give to the officer who has imposed upon him
these labors and these responsibilities, the pay at
least,and, since rank accompanies that office, the
rank, also, of brigadier general. I shall therefore
vote for this bill.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I have, Mr.
President, a very serious dread of bringing any
bill into the Senate increasing the rank or increas- j
ing the compensation  '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts will suspend his remarks; the
morning hour havingexp'red, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesteulay is now Lefore the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 move to
postpone that for a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On that matter, the
Senator from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. T move the postpone-
ment of the unfinished business of yesterday for
a few minutes, until we can take a vote on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Senator
from Missouri give way?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will give way with the
understanding that a vote is to be taken immedi-
ately, and that then my proposition is in order,
and only on that condition.
The f ICE PRESIDENT. TheChair will lay
aside informally the special order if there be no
objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
can certainly get a vote in a few minutes. As I
said, Mr. President, I have a dread of bringing
in here any bill that increases rank or expense,
but I am in favor of this bill because I think the
commissary department has richly earned it. I
think arv additional force is needed there, and I
think those who have acted with fidelity should
be promoted. This bill will bring in from the vol-
unteers or the regular Army five new officers, as
captains in the commissary department, and will
promote the existing officers there. What I object
to is the attempt in this bill, to make a brigadier
general by promotion. There is not a colonel
who commands a regiment of your Army in the
field that can be made a general by seniority. All
your generals of your regular Army are made by
selection. Your Adjutant General, your Quarter-
master General, your Surgeon General, are all
selected, not promoted. Here is a proposition to
make a general officer in the commissary depart-
ment by regular promotion, departing from the
entire policy of this Government, the policy that
has been adopted for years, and it is a wise pol-
icy, which ought to be adhered to.
We all admit that Colonel Taylor is a faithful
officer and ought to be promoted. I do not believe
there is a man in the Senate who would not re-
joice to see him promoted. I should rejoicc tosee
some of the other officers, and especially Major
Shiras, who has been referred to by the Senator
from New Jersey, and has during this war ren-
dered services that cannot be measured, promoted.
This will make him a colonel, and 1 am glad to
vote for the bill foi that purpose.
But, sii, suppose Colonel Taylor should be ap-
pointed brigadier general and then should die and
the next man in rank should by the accidents of life
be unfitted for the business, instead of having the
whole corps or the whole country from which to
select, that man must be made a general by regu-
lar promotion.
Sir, we ought not to legislate for a man; we
ought to legislate for the country, and adhere to
the well-tried and long-settled policy of this Gov-
ernment. That policy has always been that offi-
cers should ascend by regular promotion from the
grade of second lieutenant to that of colonel, and
thatthe general officers should always be selected.
That always ought to be so, because then you
have the whole of the Army from which to select
them. I certainly do not wish to bring into this
service any outsider, any new man. I am willing
to confine it.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if, after all his observation of pub-
he men in and out of the Army, he has not found
more grievous deficiencies on the part of those
who are selected than on the part of those who
went up by regular promotion, and if he would
not as lief take the chance of promotion for any
rank in any department of the service as to take
thecfhance of a man who might be selected by him
who happened to be President in a given year.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I must say,
in answer to the Senator, that I should prefer the
selections. When the Mexican war came on,
you had hardly a colonel in the regular Army of
the United States that could go into the field.
They were old men, worn out in the service.
Would you make them brigadiers? They could
not go into the field as colonels. Take your ar-
tillery department, when this war opened: nearly
every colonel and lieutenant colonel of artillery
was unfit to go into the field by age, by being
worn out in the service. The Senator will find
by looking that we have had to retire those men
and got rid of them. The truth is, that you want
your whole Army from which t.o select the ablest
and fittest men for generals, and not make a man
a general because he has happened to keep out of
service probably, and preserve his own health and
life, and lives to a good old age. *
I am sure, if the Senator will reflect on the sub-
ject, he will come to the conclusion that you had
better have the Army to select from than to have
the old men who live to a good old age put up to
