1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LO®E.
37™ Cong....3d Sess.
Tax on Sugar—Mr. Davis.
Ho. oj? Reps,
of States upon an equality with other States of
the Union.
The people of Utah have nothing but ill will
towards our Government. The great masses
know nothing of our institutions—they oome to
Zion, not to America. They are hurried through
the settled portions of our country without being
allowed to become acquainted with our people or
institutions. Upon arriving in Utah they hear
nothing but abuse of our people; the whole foun-
tain of patriotism is polluted, and they are taught
that they owe neither allegiance nor love to our
Government. Treason and insubordination are
openly taught. God forbid that this people should
be admitted into the Union as an independent
State. I protest against it in the name of human-
ity, which would be violated by the admission !
I protest against it on behalf of my constituents,
who have a deep interest in the institutions that
are to prevail in the great American basin! I pro-
test against it in the name and on behalf of the mur-
dered victims of the cruel Mormon faith, whose
moldering bones are bleaching in almost every
valley in the Territory! I protest against it on
behalf of the downtrodden and undone women of
Utah, who, with their female posterity, in all time
to c imc, will bless those that would not aid in
keeping them in bondage!
TAX ON SUGAR.
SPEECH OF IION. W. M. DAVIS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 26, 1863.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed the consideration of the bill to amend nil act to
provide internal revenue to .support the Government and
pay interest on the public debt. Mr Morrill, of Vermont,
movtrd to amend by uniting out the words "• on suaar, le-
fined, whether loaf, lump, granulated, or pulverized, two
mills per pound; on Miliar, iclined or made from moia^c--,
sirup of molasses, melado, or concentrated melado, two
mills. pei pound," and inserting in lieu thereof as follows:
Sniiar tefiners shall pav one and one half of one pel cent,
on the gi <>-,«< atuouut'oi the sales of all the product-* of their
manutaetoi ie<: Provided, That eveiy person t-hall he re-
gatdrd a- a Miliar refinei under this act, wbo&e busing*5 it
is to advance the quality and value of sugar by melting and
recry-talhzation, oi by liquoi ing, claying, or other washing
process, or by any othei chemical or mcchanical means,
or who .-hall advance the quality or value of molasses and
coneenttated molasses, melado, or concentrated melado,
by boiling or other process.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chairman, the branch of
rmuiuftcture which we piopose to reach by the
amend ment just offered by the committee, whether
we regard the capital employed, the value of its
products, or the revenue which it yields through
duty on its raw material, ranks with the most im-
portant industrial processes of the United States,
while sugar as a natural and easy source of rev-
enue has become a favorite article of taxation the
world over. How well we have farmed this field
will be seen in the following approximation to
the total revenue this article should return to the
Tieasuiy.
In the annual Shipping and Commercial List of
New York for 1862, we find the following tabular
statement of the foreign sugar consumed in the
United States from 1st January to 31st December,
1862: Ton..
At New York, direct 166,900
At Co-ton, "   2c,36l>
At Philadelphia, "     29,741
AtBalumoie, "   16.05S
At New Oi leans, "  
At other poit^, u ....      5,330
<4 *
Total receipts   '24^,01.)
It will be seen by these data that the consump-
tion of foreign raw sugars in the United Stales for
1862 was 247,000 ton« ; nfihisat least two thiids
ranged below No. 12, Dutch standard, or
463,000.000 pound-, at two and a half cent- p^r
pound    •$'! 1.570,000
200,001/,000 pounds above No. 12, at tlnec
cent's duty  6,000,000
Dut> on foreign sugars  £17,f>70,000
Product of Louisiana f-ugait?, with those of
IVxa-s, about 600,000,000 pounds, at two
ee.iNta*  12,000.000
Internal icvenue tax on amount ot sucais
consumed in the refineries, bein^ about
42U.bdd.OO0 pounds, at one and a half nnlK
equal to  630,000
Total approximate revenue from sugar.... $30,200,000
If, to meet the objection that we are not in
position to derive benefit from the revenue tax on
the sugars of Louisiana and Texas, we regard only
the revenue from foreign sugars, it still amounts
to the important sum of $18,200,000. Of this sum
about $]0,000,000is paid into the customs by the
manufacturers as duty upon the " raw material"
which they use. Many manufacturers deemed
this large increase of two cents a pound, or about
twenty-five per cent, on old prices, at least a rea-
sonable share of the increased burden which the
madness of secession has imposed on the product-
ive industry of the nation. This Congress judged
differently; and it was deemed wise and proper
to lay a specific tax of two mills per pound on all
refined sugars. The intent of Congress was frus-
trated by the limited scope of the terms used in
the hill, as well as by the contradiction of terms
in the decision of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, as will be shown presently.
While I am clearly of opinion that the duty of
two and a half cents per pound, and the fact that
gold, with which all our Cuba and Brazil sugar
debts have to be paid, is ruling at 150 or more, will
tend, by the enhancement of prices, to seriously
diminish the consumption of sugar, both refined
and raw, yet if it remains, as 1 believe it does,
the intent of the House to place an cxcise tax,
then to make it equal on all branches of the busi-
ness, and to prevent most-effectually its being
avoided, let it be placed accoidmg to the amend-
ment upon the gross sales of the sugar produced.
In the original act the tax was levied on sugar,
refined, whether loaf, lump, granulated, or pul-
verized, two mills per pound; on sugar refined or
made from molasses, sirup of molasses, melado,
or concentrated melado, two miils per pound; on
all brown, muscovado, or clarified sugars pro-
duced directly from the sugarcane, and not from
sorghum or imphee, other than those produced by
the refiner, one cent per pound. Tins seemed sat-
isfactory; and so far as our Philadelphia refiners
were concerned they eonstiued the meaning of
the woids " sugar refined" in the two clauses to
covcr all their first product. They further be-
lieved that the amendment which I had the honor
to propose, acceptably to this House, whereby
we taxed all brown,muscovado, orclarified sugars
produced directly from the cane, &c., one cent per
pound, was intended to protect their clarified or
soft sugars from the competition of the clarified
New Orleans .sugars.
Thus matters remained until about the time
the assessor should appear, when we leai net! that
the eastern producers of soft or coffee sugars re-
gaided themselves as exempted by the terms of
the bill from all taxation, and they refused to
make returns to the assessor on the ground that
they made no "ioaf, lump, granulated, or pulver-
ized;" they made coffee sugars, A sugars, and all
kinds of sugars save those unfortunates named in
the bill. The tax collectors of the districts in
which the refineries are situated saw their per
cent, on these lieh collections slipping away, so
they hurried to the Commissioner for another of
the multitudinous decisions which have grown out
of this bill. In due time we received a decision
which I now only remember as so contradictory
hi terms that it meant nothing. Of course none
were satisfied with this; so a second decision ex-
planatory of the explanation of our error in using
technical terms in defining the tax came to hand,
and it reads as follows:
11 Refiner* who melt oi refine siig,tr arc subject to a tax
of one tilth of a cent a pound mi the refined sugar pro-
duced, known as ' -tove-di ied; oi 'haid sugar,? in the va-
iiou* foini^of ioat, lump, or eiu->hed. gi^nulaletl, or pul-
veij/,<-d. The mobile- and the ♦nut' or ' cofleo s-n^ar'
produced are not taxed, beinsr eoiwideied a-t the residuum
ot tlie icfimng piece—.. Refiner wno refine or make sugar
from molars <ue subject to <1 tax of one rifth of a cent per
pound on the sugar produced The molas-.es pioduced is
not taxed, being considered as the lesiduum of the refining
proces .;'
Let us see where this leads us. By the cen-
sus returns for 1860, we learn that the entire
amount of refined sugars produced amounted to
#38,500,000. This, at the pi ices then ruling,
would indicate a consumption of about 420,000,000
pounds of law sugar. Now, sir, the importance
of our mistake in the use of technical terms, and
the Commissioner's decision based thereon, will
be appieciated when the House is informed that
of the 420,000,000 pounds of raw sugars melted
in the refineries,but one fifth, or twenty percent.,
is intended to be made into the only sugar liabte
to taxation under this law and decision, namely,
" hard" or 4'stove-dried" sugar. The remaining
eighty per cent., after passing in common writs
the above through the same processes', ^namely*
melting, filtering, decoloring, and purifying, boil*
ing or recrystallizing, molding, and liquoring,)
slides into exemption from taxation by being
thrown upon the market with some two and a haft
per cent, of moisture, instead of being " stove-
dried," and, as coffee sugar, goes free, while as
"hard" or " stove-dried" the same article would
pay the two mills tax.
The error into which the Commissioner has
been led—for I cannot suppose he ventured to deal
with these trade terms without consulting with
those who could guide him in their use—the mis*
take, I say, was in placing all sugars excepl
" stove-dried" or " hard sugar" under the name
of " soft" or " coffee" sugar as the "residuum oi
the refining process," while the fact is, that al-
most the entire amount of these coffee sugars are
the first products of refining as much as loaf,&c.;
and it is a fact that, excepting some half dozen
large sugar-houses, all the rest run entirely in what
they term' * soft sugars," and yet every one styles
himself a sugar refiner, as he is; therefore lethim
be taxed.
Mr. Chairman, let us apply the preceding data
to the question of revenue, and see how the ac-
count willstand. Ofthe 420,000,000pounds which
are melted, about sixiy-five per cent, may be re-
turned^ the product of the first crystallization,
or about,273j000,000 pounds, which we innocently
thought were liable to o tax of two mills per pound,
and which should have returned $546,000 to the
Tieasury.
As before stated, of this 273,000,000 pounds first
product, only twenty percent, is by "drying"con-
vei ted into a sugar deemed taxable under the terms
of this bill and the decision under consideration;
hence, only 54,600,000 pounds is returned to the
assessor as the product of the refineries of the
United States, instead of 273,000,000 pounds;
y leiding to the collector $109,200, or $436,800 less
than was intended by the framers of this bill.
To save this sum of nearly half a million dol-
lars to the Treasury is the object of the amend-
ment.
I take it for granted that the refiners share with
the other manufacturers of the country in a will-
ingness to partake of the public burden, and I be-
lieve they will welcome the amendment as being
diiect, simple, and equitable; and as it will pro-
duce a trifle over the amount deemed advisable
last session, I hope the House will adopt it.
With rare exceptions, the sugar used by the
refiner is of foreign production. The sugars of
Louisiana and Texas aie advanced to a point in
gram and color winch fits them for direct con-
sumption. The refiner, being unable to compete
with the grocer, is forced to seek his raw material
in the lower products of Cuba and Porto Rico,
Brazil and Manilla, and seldom uses a sugar ad-
vanced beyond "No. 12, Dutch standard." Sugars
advanced above this standard are known as "scale
sugars,"as being fitted for direct consumption, or
to the grocer's scales. When, however, we reach
the white, clayed sugars of Cuba and Brazil, wo
find they are almost exclusively used by the con-
fectioners and candy-makers, who prefer them to
the winter and more beautiful sugais of the re-
fineries. They believe these " original products"
of the plantation sugar-houses aie stronger, and
go further in their processes; while the bright,
clean, and more perfect domestic sugars exclude
! the dull, feathery white sugars of Cuba, &c., from
the table and general domestic use.
Thus the refiner absorbs the sugars below No.
12. The grocer is the exclusive customer for the
intermediate grades fiom No. 12to No. 20; while
beyond this,or for the white,clayed,&c.,the con-
fectioner is the consumer.
Might it not be well to remember, in adjusting
! the tariff, that the extremes in quality of foreign
i sugar aiealike raw material to important branches
| of home industry, while the medium grades go
i directly into consumption and competition with
the residuary pioducts of our refineries?
Mr. Chairman, in determining duties upon raw
sugars of foreign production we classify them ac-
cording to color. Thus, sugars below No. 12,
Dutch standard, pay one duty, two and a half per
