m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,.
one man was shot ill the place of another. Such
a ivfiurt got out m the country; hut it was untrue.
One man was set aside by order of the military
authorities,and another selected who was clearly
guilty,
Mr. CARLILE. Of course I have no personal
knowledge on this subject. All that I have I
gather from the facts as published in the papers
of the day; and if it shall turn out that those facts,
as given to the country throughout the public
press of the day, are not such as they have been
represented, 1 think we shall be doing the Union
cause, not only in Missouri but througlmut the
country, a very great service. I merely alluded,
however, to these assassinations for the purpose
of showing that there were portions of that State
where the civil power was notasserted, and could
not be asserted, because of the peculiar condition
of,the people within it. Now, I ask the Senator
and his colleague, if a resolution or a communi-
cation in regard to these military assessments has
not come on to the President of the United States
asking him to confine them, by his order, to such
portions of the State of Missouri as at the present
time are in such a condition that the civil power
cannot be exerted?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I am not informed
in relation to the matter either one way or the
other.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 will ask the Senator if he
did not hoar a letter read from a member of his
Legislature to that effect?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Yes, sir; 1 heard
a letterfrom Jefferson City read, which stated that
a resolution had passed in relation to these assess-
ments, requiring that they should be applied to
parts of the State where the civil authority could
not be executed. That letter way from a gentle-
man wlu> felt a deep interest in the subject. The
resolution which actually passed the Legislature
I have not seen.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 will make a statement
on that subject, with the permission of the Sena-
tor from Virginia. About ninety-four of the mem-
bers of the Legislature senta remonstrance to the
President a short time ago, remonstratingagainst
the suspension of the order imposing these fines
in Missouii. An order went to Missouri, as I
understand, suspending temporarily the assess-
ments that had been made under the order of Gen-
eral Schofield, issued last summer against these
assassinations. The members of the Legislature,
as individuals, signed a remonstrance, and sent it
on to the President, asking that the assessments
should go on in all parts of the State. They did
not confine it to any particular pari, nor us the
order of the President confined to any particular
part; hut the order of the President extended to
a suspension in every county of the State. The
petition of the members of the Legislature is to
again put it in force in every county in the State.
1 am notawaie that the Legislature has passed
any resolution on the subject, 1 know that a res-
olution is pending before that body on this sub-
ject; but 1 am not aware that any one has ever
been passed or any one sent here. I have not
been notified of it.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, sufficient has
been illustrated in this discussion to show that a
resort is deemed necessnry in Missouri to other
than the civil power for the purpose of exercis-
ing ordinary civil jurisdiction. The reason why
1 advocate the amendment of the Senator's col-
league,extending the time within which this pledge
of faith on the part of the people of Missouri,
which is to bind that Slate ihrou^hout all time,
shall be executed, is, that they might have a full
and free and a fair opportunity to deliberately de-
cide this question for themselves, free from all out-
side influences, and free from anything like fear of
military authority. i
Mr. X'resident, it is a fact known to you and
known to the country, that in time of civil war,
such as is now upon us, winch is in actual exist-
ence to a gt enter or less degree m Missouri and m
my own State, and in Hie portion of it which is.
soon to be called upon to g*ve a similar vote, the
people of the. country are more or less deterred '
from participating in the ordinary affairs of gov-
ernment by witue of the very existence and pres-
ence of o military force. Sir, there was a prop-
osition before this body, out of which grew a bill
to dismember my State, provided the people of
that State would a^iec to ceit&in conditions pledg-
ing forever thetrfdith that those conditions should
be observed; and when the proposition was before
them, not one man in three, not one voter in three
within the boundaries proposed to be severed,
made his appearance at the polls and expressed
his opinion; and now, what is the condition of
that people ? They are now engaged through their
press and their orators, who are discussing this
question before them, in an appeal that military
terror may not be exerted to deprive them, when
the day comes, from freely and fairly expressing
their.sentiments upon the conditions which you
have attached to that bill.
Hence, sir, I feel a lively sympathy with any
people similarly situated, because the people that
I have the honor in part to represent arc to-day
suffering from the same apprehensions. There-
fore it is that I shall vote for the length of time
proposed by the Senator's colleague as an amend-
ment to this bill, and I think that it challenges the
support of every member, looking to the fact that
it is a willing mind and a willing people that he
would desire to hind by these conditions.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I certainly had
no design to participate in this discussion, nor
shall I now, so far as the merits of this bill are
concerned, and so far as the State of Missouri is
concerned; but I do feel called upon to disabuse
the Senate of any false impressions that might be
made on the minds of the Senate by the remarks
of my colleague.
Sir, there is not any ground for complaint in
respect to the interposition of military authority
or military influence in northwest Virginia. Not
a man has been kept from the polls in any of our
elections by the military forces of the United
States. Nay, sir; in consequence of the presence
of the military in our midst, hundreds and thou-
sands have been permitted to go to the polls and
exercise the right of suffrage freely, that could not
have been permitted to do so but for the presence
of the military iri our midst. That is the fact, sir;
and there is not to-day an authenticated instance,
not one in all northwest Virginia, where any man
has been kept from exercising the right of suf-
frage freely as he might see proper.
1 merely make these remarks that a wrong con-
struction may not be put upon the suggestions
made by my colleague; that no injury may be done
to the bill for Missouri by any analogy or reason-
ing that influences of this character have been
brought t« bear upon the right of suffrage in north-
west Virginia.
Mr. CARLILE. I will ask my colleague if he
does not know that the records show that with-
in the I oundaries proposed to be included within
this new State, there were cast some forty-seven
thousand votes at the presidential election in 1860,
and if he does not know that upon the question
of a division of the State there were cast but nine-
teen thousand votes?
Mr. WILLEY. Does my colleague wish an
answer ?
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. WILLEY. My colleague has stated the
vote about correctly; perhaps a few over rather
than a few under. But, sir, my colleague is a
very adroit lawyer; he can state a part of the
facts, and they look very well. He has stated a
part of the facts truly. 1 propose to supply his
lack of service, and say that on the day of that
election there were from eight to twelve thousand
men in the field defendingnorthwestVirginiafrom
the rebels, who were not only not engaged in pre-
venting others from voting, but were by their ser-
vice to the country prevented from voting them-
selves, and nine tenths of whom, if they had been
at home, in my honest opinion would have voted
for the new State. In many of the counties, in
consequence of the disturbed condition of affairs,
there was no vote at all; but was that occasioned
by the presence of Federal soldiers? No, sir, but
by the presence of rebel soldiers and rebel guer-
rillas. That was the reason why they did not
vote, and if the Federal soldiers had been there,
that difficulty would never have existed. That,
sir, is the fact in that case.
Besides, my colleague very well knows that
those who sympathize with rebellion, and those
who not only do not want a new State in north-
west Virginia, but want northwest Virginia in
the southern confederacy, purposely staid away
from the election, saying and alleging that by no
act of theirs would they give countenance or con-
sistency to any action of northwest Virginia under
their reorganized government. The secession vote
was kept from the polls because they would not
recognize the proceeding at all; and the vote of
nineteen thousand in that section was a pure, un-
adulterated Union vote, and it would have been
increased, if our soldiers had been at home, per-
haps from eight to twelve thousand more. That
is the whole fact in the case.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, does not my
colleague know that there was provision made
allowing the soldiers to vote?
Mr. WILLEY. Does not my colleague know
that they did not vote?
Mr. CARLILE. I will answer the question.
I know that some of them did vote, and the rec-
ords so show; and I know that there was a pro-
vision to take their vote; and I know nothing to
authorize* the inference to be drawn that the vote
would have been any different from what it was;
and 1 do not believe that, at that time, there were
anything like eight thousand or twelve thousand
men entitled to vote in the Army of the United
States, and the records will bear me out in my
construction, I think.
Further, Mr. President, my colleague says—
exactly what I supposed was the case in Missouri,
but which I am very much gratified to hear from
the Senator behind me [Mr. Henderson] is not
the case—that, at the time that vote was taken,
there were many counties included within the
boundaries of the proposed new State, the people
of which were in such a distracted condition, by
virtue of their being in the possession of the con-
federates, that they could not vote. Now, I put
it to my colleague, if many of those counties are
not in the same condition to-day?
Mr. WILLEY. I ask my colleague what in *
the world that has to do with the question before
the Senate? 1 merely rose to disabuse the Senate
of any wrong impression that might be construed
to the prejudice of the bill now pending before the
Senate, and to do justice to northwest Viiginia.
I think all this discussion itself is out of older.
Mr. CARLILE. I will tell my colleague why
I participated in this discussion. I feel no greater
interest, so far as this particular bill is concerned,
than any other individual member of this body;
but there is a national interest in it, and one which
will to a greater or less extent affect the nation
long after the action of this Senate. I am very
much mistaken if those of us who live a few years
will not find that it is a question that not only
does not affect Missouri alone, but affects the
peaceand the harmony of the entire country. My
principal object, however, was to get from my
colleague what I know will be hailed with delight
by the people we represent, an "assurance that
they have nothing to apprehend from a military
power, but that they will—those of them, atleast,
who are within the jurisdiction of the Govern-
ment of the United States, where it has the power
to assert its authority—be allowed freely, as of
yore, to exorcise their privileges as voters, and
vote as their judgment may dictate, when they
shall be called upon, on the proposition to which
I have alluded.
Mr. WILLEY. My colleague may rest as-
sured that that privilege will be granted to every
freeman in northwest Virginia, without let and
without hinderance.
Mr. CARLILE. That assurance I am glad to
obtain. I know it will be gratifying to the peo-
ple who will shortly be called upon to exercise
this privilege. But, sir, I had another object in
view. I thought that if I found Missouii sim-
ilarly situated to northwestern Virginia to-day,
possibly I might calculate on the cooperation of
her members as well as others upon a proposition
which I have had in my mind to introduce into
this body to prolong and fix a time when this vote
shall be taken, so as to give to the people of the
counties who are included within the boundaries
of the proposed new State an opportunity to ex-
press their opinion on the bill to which I have
alluded. Sir, it is a fact known I presume to the
Senate, that the residence and home of one of the
men who now represent the State of Virginia in
the confederate congress is included within our
proposed boundaries. He resides in a county
* that has never been in our possession, and is not
; to-day in our possession, and there is no proba-
j bility that it will be in our possession within the
• time that will be fixed for taking the vote of the
