1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
iar
3Ttii Cong.... 3d Sess.
Tax on Sugar—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
suit may be attained by pressing dark and impure
sugar between wet cloths or other damp, absorb-
ent substance, when the d issolved molasses being
taken up by the cloth, will leave the sugar many
shades lighter in color, and in a degree refined.
But for manifold reasons such simple but waste-
ful means will not suffice in the larger workings,
for the whole success of the American refiner is
dependent upon ihe most approved and perfect
chemical pi occsses, mechanical appliances, and a
rigid economy in expense, waste, and time.
Suj£u.r is refined by being melted, and while in
solution by filtering and by the use of animal
carbon or other substances separated from the
various impuiities which are found combined
with it. Then by recrystallization, generally in
vacuo, the sugar is recovered in a highly advanced
stage; its only impurity is the grape or molasses
sugar, which still envelops the sugar crystal,
giving it a light straw color.
The "green sirup" is drained from this first
crop of crystals, sometimes by the rapid process
of centrifugal force; again by atmospheric pres-
sure, by attaching the mold or form to a vacuum
pump, but more commonly by allowing the
" green sirup" to drip into pots which are placed
beneath the molds into which the hot sugar had
been placed. At this point is applied the process
of washing or "liquoring," as explained before.
But to save the injury to the faces and angles of
the ciystals which would follow the use of water
in the process, wc have resort to a fully saturated
solution of cane sugar, rendered limpid by the fiee
use of animal carbon. This is known as " liquor,"
and the washing process is termed " liquoring."
This liquor being saturated with4 cane sugar,
passes slowly thiough the loaf without injury to
the brilliancy or sharpness of the crystal, while
it dissolves and carries with it the " green sirup,"
which envelops and colors the sugar. By repetition
of the ptocess we convert the yellow or brown
mass into the snowy and sparkling renned sugar
that graces our tables.
The "green" and "second sirups," which
are the resultants of this process, are commonly
boiled together to make bastar or 0 sugar. This
is the residmm aimed at by the Commissioner.
From this sugar results the molasses.
This simple and direct process is sometimes
complicated by woiking the "second sirups"
back and by mixing a portion of tuwsugais with
them, and by liquoring the "piece" to produce a
brand of sugar intermediate between A and bastar
or C sugar. Thus many brands are produced,
and greatcomplicationsof processes arise,which it
is needless to dwell upon, as they do not affect the
result we wish to demonstrate. In the general
work of the American refiner, the first described
or mostdirect method is adopted. And the "stove-
dried" and "coffee sugars" differ only in the
extent of the action of the black, the amount and
quality of liquor used on them. Often from the
same pan of sugar may be produced loaf, lump,
crushed, granulated, pulverized, coffee, crushed,
anil A sugar.
The disadvantage of the direct process is in a
less yield of first product or hard sugar. This, in
the minds of many refiners, is more than balanced
by the largely increased quantity of raw sugar
they are enabled to melt, and refine, or clarify,
with tlm same house, machinery, and labor, and
the higher quality of the secondary products, a
diminish"d cost is a consequence.
To r.'capitulate in brief: " Stove-dried sugar"
. is divided mfo—
" Loaf sugar," now almost obsolete, the only
market hems the Amoor trade.
" Crushed "is loaf sugar cut by saws, or bro-
ken in a mill.
" Granulated"and " pulverized" are the result
of the crushing process, or are made by grinding
the loaf and soiled by screens to different degrees
of fineness.
" Coffee sugar," as a general rule, is a shade
inferior to the hard sugar, not at all in the kind
and quality of raw sugar used in making it, but j
in point of color it is inferior, and contains about [i
three per cent, of water. This sugar is known |i
by as many brands as the refiner chooses to make j!
shades of color in his product. As a general rule j,
about half the "piece" is cut up into a white j,
sugar known in Philadelphia as A; the remainder
or "tip" of the "piecc" is cut up into alight straw
colored sugar known as B, Al, A2. The resid-
uum of these sugars is "bastars," and is sold
as C sugar. This is sometimes "liquored" with
the "second sirup" of the loaf, but it is still sold
as C sugar. After allowing five percent, loss in
the process of refining for impurities, the product
or yield will be:
A ^ugar 59 per cent.
C sugar   22 "
Molasses 14 "
95 "
There is a marked difference between the " first
products" and the bastar sugars, not at all de-
pendent upon the color of the respective sugars.
The first is technically " strong" sugar; the sec-
ond product " weak," and is less effective in pre-
servingqualities; andalthough bastar sugars may
be made quite white, and to the eye superior to
the first product before liquoring, yet it is known
mat if such sugar is melted but a small portion of
it can be recovered by recrystallization. The en-
feebling influences of these secondary sugars are
occasionally felt in the raw sugars, as the planters
are beginning to work the sirups or molasses
over, and mix their weak sugars with the first
p roduct.
By this history it will be seen that coffee or
some kind of wet sugar to the extent of eighty
per cent, of ail the " first product" of our refiner-
ies may be exempt from taxation under this bill;
but they should not be allowed to escape under
the decision of the Commissioner that they aie
" the residuum of the refining" process.
In conclusion, Mi. Chairman, allow me to call
your attention to a fact connected with the subject
before us. in examining the Shipping and Com-
mercial List and New York Price Current for the
year 1862, under the article " Sugar," we find the
following sti iking ie.suIt of their tabular statistics:
" The, extent of mo commeice oi the country in this food
article bip-lly set lorlh i'i fii-1 above tables. I-'iom them
u-<: find that tin' total receipt nf toreien raw sugar* into
the United r?t<ite-. eveludmy the Si.ues oi. the Poeilic, tor
tiie year ending Oecnibei ;)!, vveio 247,015 tons,
against leectpt-. in 1861 ot ;)12.9:)8 tout; in 181)0,341,530
ton5;; in ton^; ei Itf."8,-V).").i00 tone; in lfc57.
269,I60ton-; in iH3S.\toiw; and in 18.>r).*20e,UG-ltons
and that the consumption oi kjkmloi in wa.s 'Ml,-111
tons, aganivt a consumption oi luieisnt in 1^61 of 041,420
ions; in It'GO, ton-; in 1^9, ; in 1&">8,
tons ; in 211,7(i«< top'.: m 1 k7;6, '255,290 tons ;
and in 1855, 192 604 tonv; wln'e the total con-mnption of
foreign and doineMic cane milmi in 1H>2 was 43},411 tons,
againsta iw,,U consumption in IbOl of 619 tons ; in IStiO,
i 15,031 ioi;<; and in 1859. 4dl,li-'J tons, being an ineiease
in the total eousjnnpttnn of cam; &ugarin 1^62. compared
with 1£01. of f)8..r>92 ton1-, oi nearly eighteen and seven
eighths per cent.
-•The demand for clarified Mini's h«v-, in sympathy with
tli.it lor other kinds, been larger than any we have lecord
of. and though the principal western lelinery remains idle,
new woiks have been elected on the soa-hoaid, and an in-
creased quantity over pievions jears has been pioduced.
Al'tei a eareful estimate, we find that about 73,000 hogs-
heads inolasj-e-: have been taken. (Mich producing, say 500
pound- sugar, ir-ultins: in a total \ield of 16,'294 ton8!.
u We have slightly icdueed otn estimate toi the product
ot ihe maple tiee ; the season g' neially was not so propi-
tious a- the foimer one ; and though the high puce* iu!ing
for MiL'ai stimulated the Urmei to pn-h tin- pioduction to
the ulmust, a smaller ijuantity was made. We place the
ciop at 25,000 tons.
"The consumption of ia\v -tur«xi m California continues
to weiease. We aie unable to i «-i the exact ligmes, bur the
data in our pos-e-sion jiMifv u< in the connate of 9,500
tons for Hie pa-t yeai.
'• In addition to ihe above, there lias been a snnall quan-
tity made tioin tlie MMgo, but too meonsideiabje to notice
parucukuly. tne juice of thai cane having been tor the most
pait converted into >mip,
"W< tnn-find Ihnt the total consumption of law sugar
in the Unued States, the pa-r year, was d&3,205 tons, against
a totaI consumption in l^bl ef 411,659 tons, being an in-
crease m ill" consumption ol l8G'-i of 71,546 tons, oi seven-
teen and tlnee eighths pei cent.
ft will thus !)'• -oi n tiiat the consumption ot sugar the
past yf,fir w.b largcj than loi any like penod in the history
of the trade. At out iastatmual compilation,the belief was
pievalent—founded upon the largely nicieased cost caused
by the advanced rate of dut> ami exchange, and the appre-
hended di!-uu ban ccs in the indu-tn U pui-uits of the popu-
lation hytiie internecine wai then, and Mill being waged—
that a much smaller quantity ot susar than u-ually rcrjuued
would suffice foi the wants of the nation. The mo-t san-
gmne could not venttne to piedict a le-ult seemingly
utterly at variance with all piob.ibilities; it is nowt?een.
however, that the war in which the country is engaged has
nut yet udvoi^ely affected the nauoiia! pio-spenty.''
Reducing 71,546 tons to pounds, we find that the
increased consumption in the United States over
and above the year 1861 if 160,263,040. The
writer undervalues the sorgo products of the
West. We have had information from the Depart-
ment of the Interior that the returns received in-
dicated a crop of 17,000,000 gallons. A gallon
of sirup is equivalent to five pounds of sugar, or
the new crop cqualing85,000,000 pounds of sugar.
This added to the above makes the increased con-
sumption 245,000,000 pounds, and this is in the
face of an enormous increase in the price. How
do you account for it? It will not suffice to say
that each man of the half million in the field con-
sumes 122 pounds per annum more than he did
in private life. Is there not a moie cheering sign
in this increased power of consumption; a more
hopeful answer than in the waste and prodigality
of war?
You know it has been said of olden time, that
"a measure of a people's refinement was to be
found in the amount of soap they used." Now, I
venture to assert that a more sensitive test or
ffauge of a people's prosperity may be looked for
in the quantity of sugar they consume. The rich
of all nations, at all times and under all circum-
stances, consume al! they can as a rule; this is
their happiness—but they are few; while the la-
boring many are the consumers of the nation by
reason of their numbers. And any improvement
in their condition, by reason of full employment
or advanced wages, tells first in the food, and the
earliest indulgence of the good mother and wife is
to place a sweet bit of some kind for the children—
always pets, when the mother can afford to pet.
Now, poor Richard hath it, that "many littles
make a miekle;" and just now, sir, while every
man, woman, and child finds instant employ-
ment, at good wages, for every hour they will
work, why, as a natural consequence, every table
in the land has its sugar-bowl, and every baby has
its finger in it.
This leads us to contemplate the grandeur of
the home, and learn the true value of the heiitage
which the good God has given to the poor and
oppressed of all lauds in the United States, that
we may go hopefully forward in our high mission
What though we have an army of one million
men combating barbansm and slavery in the
blood-stained swamps of the South—we have
five million scholars m our schools, guided and
trained by one hundred and fifty thousand teach-
ers, in a crusade against ignorance. For every
foi t we build wo erect a thousand school-houses;
and in the day of prosperity wc have secured un
annual income of $25,000,000 devoted to educa-
tional purposes, and the future training of our
children is secured by fifty million acres of lands
set apart for that purpose.
The workshops and busy hives of industry in
the East know no night or day; naught but the
Sabbath day stills the hum of cheerful labor;
while commerce throngs the silver arteries of our
livers, or overtasks the power of steam on the
iion tracks which span the valleys and mountains
and bind distant communities with the ties of a
common interest. The garden of the West, with
her horn of plenty overflowing, her garners burst-
ing with fatness—the treasure-house of our great
interior, rivaling the fabulous wonders of the Ara-
bian Nights—is unfolding treasures of gold and
silvet, mercury and copper, and all known metals
and minerals in an exuberance of profusion which
gives sure leverage by which to move the world
to our purpose and bidding.
While the world is troubled with this evii war,
and France's ruler sits uneasy on a throne shaken
by the wants of his opeiatives; while England
growls uneasily over the cost of sustaining her idle
thousands, let us return their evil with good, thoir
cursing with blessings; of our superabundance
feed their starving poor, and of our inhentance
offer them, without grudge or stmt, homes, op-
portunities, and privileges such as no other na-
tion in profoundest peace did ever offer.
The tempest clouds of war fold around us 14 like
a hurricane eclipse of the sun," yet the great pub-
lic heart heats on in unbounded, illimitable faith in
the ultimate of theconilict. True people, armed
nation, godlike America, though m the travail of
great labor, buffeted and spat upon, she remains
true to her holy mission. The protector of the
poorand needy man, the enlightener of the igno-
rant, the breaker of every bond, the " proclaimer
of liberty throughout the earth to all the inhabit-
