TBO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
reply to the Senator from Missouri that an order
was issued by General Merrill, and it was enforced
at oneof ihe precincts lying just across the river
from where I liv<*.
Mr. HENDERSON. What was the order?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I cannot state its terms
now. The Senator is aware that I called on him
this morning for a copy of it, and he told me that
he had placed his copy before the President. I
inquired of him for the order because I desired to
get the information before the Senate and the
country. I hope I shall be able to get it before
this debate closes. I thinkitisatmy house,and
I shall endeavor to produce it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have seen this thing
before, and I have heard a good deal about orders
having been issued by the military officers in Mis-
souri. Sir, we in Missouri are, unfortunately,
like a great many gentlemen in every part of the
country; we are filled to the brim with party feel-
ing, and we are entitled to be partisans in Mis-
souri as much, I suppose, as any other place in
the world; and some of us, in our efforts to ad-
vance and promote party interests, have lost sight
entirely of our country. 1 have no doubt that
parties did put up those handbills to ftighten in-
dividuals fiom the polls; I have no doubt it was
done on both sides; but I will state to the Senator
  from Kentucky that an order was issued by the
Governor of the State, with not less than seventy
thousand enrolled militia, fully armed, all over the
State, that every man should be protected in his
right of voting. I never heard of any order to the
contrary. Every man,at least under the military
orders of my Governor, was entitled to the full
and free exercise of the elective franchise. All
these tilings were used simply by partisans at
the polls in oider to accomplish their ends. The
military authorities in that State ought not to be
held responsible for partisan tricks exercised by
one party against another. This is the truth, I
have no doubt. General Merrill issued no order
on the subject, that I am awate of. I hope that
this statement will be satisfactory.
Mr. POWELL. This order, I suppose, was
signed by the sub-committee of assessment for
Marion county, who had been appointed by Gen-
eral Merrill. The recitations in the document it-
self clearly indicate that it is. It is headed " Gen-
eral Merrill's order," &c.; and whether it was
done by the authority of General Merrill or not,
whether these persons transcended hisauthoi ity,
makes no difference; it had its effect upon the
voters. The satraps of power were there; they
were there telling the people, under General Mer-
rill's orders, that unless they voted the emanci-
pation ticket, the ticket in favor of the President,
they would be assessed. I will read a further
extract from the gentleman's colleague, Judge
Hall:
<k I sun  1m> advised —and J have evidence of the fact of
which there is no doubt—that men were arretted on voting
lor me, on the ground, I <uppo-e, that I wa> opposed to the
President'- proclamaiion. No other charge ufdi-loyalty has
over been made agauibt me in that district that I am aware
of."
Why, sir, they seem to think in that district
that a gentleman is disloyal because he opposes
the President's proclamation. Here is the Sena-
tor's colleague, in his place in the House of Rep-
resentatives, declniing that persons were abso-
lutely arrested for voting for him, and that the
only charge ofdisloyaity made against him [Judge
Hall] was that he was opposed to the President's
proclamation.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr, Hall was elected
to Congress again; and if that be true, a majority
of the voters in his district are now in prison.
Mr. POWELL. I know that Mr. Hall was
elected to Congress. He does not say that all who
voted for him were arrested; but some were ar-
rested.
Mr. HENDERSON. No doubt they ought to
have been; not for that act, but for otheis.
Mr. POWELL. No doubt the Senator thinks
they ought to have been.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not for voting for Judge
Hall.
Mr. POWELL. Judge Hall says they were
arrested for voting for him, and that the only charge
of disloyalty against him was that he opposed the
President's pi oclamation; and so if the gentleman
really thinks they ought to have been arrested on
this statement, he is of the opinion that a man who
would vote for a gentleman who opposed the Pres-
ident's proclamation should be arrested. That is
the logic of it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Did he say they were
arrested because they voted for him?
Mr. POWELL. So I understood; but I will
read it again.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let us hear it.
Mr. POWELL. I will give the language of
Judge Hall:
u I am also advised—and t have evidence of the fact of
which there is no doubt—that men were arrested 011 votlftg
for me, on the ground, I suppose,that I was opposed to the
President's proclamation. No other charge of disloyalty lias
ever been made against me in thatdistuct that I am aware
of."
Mr. Hall says distinctly they were arrested for
voting-for lutn.
Mr. HENDERSON. No; he says he supposed
so.
Mr. POWELL. No, my dear friend; you are
mistaken. I will read it again:
'* I am also advised—and I have evidence of the fact of
which there is nodoubt—that men were arrested on voting
for me, 011 the ground, 1 suppose, that I was opposed to the
President's proclamation. No other charge of disloyalty
has ever been made against me in that district that I am
aware of."
Mr. Hall says they were arrested.
Mr. GRIMES. He supposes so.
Mr. POWELL. He supposes they were ar-
rested on the ground that he was disloyal because
he was opposed to the President's proclamation.
However, that does not matter. These facts go
clearly to show that you cannot have a free elec-
tion now in the State of Missouri, or could not
at that time; and from the public accounts I can-
not see that things are much better there now.
But is it not right, is it not proper, if you do any-
thing of this kind, to all<^w the people sufficient
time to meet this grave question and decide it *n
an unbiased manner without the fear of bayonets
or ta'ies5 We do know that illegal assessments
have been made upon these people; and we do
know, at least upon the authority of Judge Hall,
that posters were put up in his district saying that
men who did not vote for the Government candi-
dates would be considered as disloyal, and that
they would be assessed. Does any gentleman ;
I doubt that that was an interference with elections;
that it might have controlled them, anil i date say
it did control them in many cases, if the people
of Missouri really desire to interfere with this
domestic institution in their State, they have the
right to do it; and Congress, if it does anything
m the matter, should not fix a limitation of time
so an to prevent their free action. That much is
due to the sovereignty of the people, to the people
who are to be affected by it.
I intend, Mr. President, before this hill passes,
to give my views .it some length to the Senate
Ij why I am opposed to it, and utterly opposed to
it. I will not enter into that discussion now. I
merely give these leasons why 1 shall vote for
the pioposition of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Wilson,] to strike out twelve months, and
put in a longer time, because I am confident,
trammeled as they are by the constitution of
Missouri, that they cannot within a year have
the time to do it with that calm deliberation
which a subject of this grave moment demands.
I am confident, also, that as things now are in
Missoun, the elective franchise will be more or
less interfered with by force of arms. 1 know
something of the condition of Missouri. I admit
that the Senator's [Mr. Henderson's] informa-
tion is more minute than mine. But, sir, I do
know that that people are much torn; I do know
that the military authority there has overthrown
the Constitution, and overthrown the rights and
civil liberties of the citizen. We know that; and
the fact that the Southerners have done the same
thing does not, by any means, relieve the people
from the just apprehension of interference by the
military. Now, sir, whether they were mtei fered
with by the confederate soldiers, or Union sol-
diers, would he immaterial to me. Either is an
inteiferenee. This is a matter which the people
| of Missouri should have the privilege to decide,
1 without any let or lunderance from either confed-
, erate or Union soldiers. Why, sir, it may be that
1 in the course of the revolution the confederates
! may get back tend recover a large portion of that
j State, and then they may coerce the people to
i vote against this proposition. Would that be
j right? No, sir; it would be quite as wrong as
for the Federal soldiers to coerce them to vote
their ticket. Such is the unsettled condition of
things there, that, in my judgment, within one
year the people cannot have the time to consider
this matter in that Calm and deliberate manner
that they should. Hence I shall favor the mo-
tion of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Wilson,]
to strike out one year and to extend the time.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Before this vote
is taken I desire to offer some reasons why in my
opinion the time should be extended. This bill
proposes to dispose of avast interest belonging
to the people of Missouri. That interest, at
the commencement of this rebellion, was worth
$80,000,000. It is now proposed to dispose of that
great interest of the people of Missouri in a sum-
mary manner; and in the short period of twelve
months this whole result is to be accomplished.
It is proposed to pay to the people of the State of
Missouri for this vast amount of property—for so
4 esteem it, so it is esteemed by the constitution
of my State—the sum of $20,000,000 in five per
cent, bonds of the United States. These bonds,
I am advised to-day, cannot be cashed for a greater
sum than $9,000,000. When I saycashed, I mean
that that is the sum that can be obtained for them
in coin. This large amount of property is to be
taken from the people of the State of Missouri,
because it amounts to that if this bill be passed,
for that small pittance. Now, I desire that this
whole question shall go back to the people of the
State of Missouri, because 1 have no fear in as-
serting to you here to-day that the majority of the
legal voters of the State of Missouri have never
consented to this proposition, or any similar one.
It was submitted at the last session of Congress,
as all will remember, by a message of the Presi-
dent of the United States to the two Houses of
Congress. It was then connected with a schemc
of colonization, which proposed to rid the people
entirely of this black population if they should
be turned loose from their masters. But in the
bill which is now presented there is no provision
whatever for deportation.
The people of Missouri were told that they
were to be compensated to the full value of their
slaves, as their constitution provides and secures
to them, and then at the expense of the United
States that those slaves were to be removed from
the limits of the State. The subject has never
been discussed before the people of Missouri to
any extent, except, perhaps, in the single county
of St. Louis and a few other counties in the neigh-
borhood in which my colleague resides. It cer-
tainly was not discussed generally before the
people of the State; and of the candidates for the
Legislature whodeclared in favorofemancipation,
their views about it weie as various as you can
imagine; but I never heard a single candidate for
the Legislature who was in favor of emancipation
say other than that he was opposed to any scheme
of emancipation unless deportation was connected
with it. My colleague made a speech in Mis-
souri which was circulated to some extent among
the people of the State—an able speech I admit it
was—in which he discussed the question of eman-
cipation and of deportation or colonization. If I
recollect his speech correctly—I have not a copy
of it with me—he insisted upon colonization as
part of the scheme, and so did every orator that I
heard speak on the slump in favor of emancipa-
tion in the State of Missouri.
Now, Mr. President, look at the consequences
that are to result from the passage of this bill. I
have no such attachment to the institution of sla-
very as would induce me to stand by it under all
circumstances; but 1 ask you to look at the con-
sequences of the passage of this act, if it is to be
carried out in Missouri, as I infer that it is, in-
stantly. One hundred thousand people are to be
turned out from their homes; fifty, sixty, or per-
haps seventy thousand of those people incapable
of supporting themselves. They are to be thrown
upon society as a burden, and provided for, with
no home, no one to care for them; and all this is
to be done without the consent, and almost with-
out the knowledge, of a large proportion of those
people.
Mr. President, the people of Missouri should
determine on this great measure of emancipation;
they have the power in their lmnds, and they
ought to exercise it. Do you suppose that this
measure will give satisfaction to the people'of Mis-
souri when they have been told by every Admin-
