m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
37th Cons....3d Sess.
Conduct of the War—Mr. Yeaman.
Ho. of Reps.
ants thereof," she sits in plenty,andof such oar
people, such our nation, such our destiny. Let
us Neutralize the venom of aristocratic hate against
republican institutions by identifying our cause
with the hopes of the laborers of the earth.
" For our land lies fallow, our woods grow rank,
Whilst idle their poor man stands;
Their millions of hands want acres,
And our millions of acres need hands."
Let the people of Europe realize that bound up
in the cause of the Union are the existence and
only possibility of fiee homesteads for themselves,
free schools for their children, and free institutions
for the race, and we need take little concern for
the unholy triple alliance of the European aristoc-
racy, the lebellious slave-owner, and their north-
ern sympathizer. Yet of this great danger and
woe, and of this power and might and heroic en-
• durance, whence comeih the salvation ? I am only
mortal,and know nothoworwhen; butldo know
it is in the people. Away down in thatgreat heart
is growing the determination that any person,
thing, idolatry, or institution which stands a bar-
rier to that salvation shall be ground to powder.
Little things, as compared with the nation's life,
parly lines or State l^mes, will be obliterated. Gov-
ernors, Presidents, and Congresses, if incompe-
tent or inadequate, will be as chaff in the whirl-
wind. The avalanche gathering in the North,
when started, will overwhelm all things that stand
in opposition; for in the providence of God it is
ordained, and in the soul of the American people
decreed, that this Republic of the people, this na-
tion of individual sovereigns, shall live, and fiee-
dom shall endure forever.
cdtonrjcT op the war.
SPEECH OF HON. G. IL YEAMAN,
of kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
February 26, 18G3,
On tlu- conduct of the \v;ir and the state of the Union
generally.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Chairman, with the per-
mission of the committee 1 will accept this oppor-
tunity to offer some suggestions of a general char-
acter on the couductof the war, the drift of parties,
and especially concerning the vagueand ill-defined
demands for peace we sometimes hear on this
floor and elsewhere in the country. We all want
?eace. We only differ how itcan best be obtained.
hope we all want it on tcrips of stability, and
without a sacrifice of our national honor. We
are fighting for peace. There is no peace in the
radical policy; none in the theory of secession.
A premature peace with accession is worse than
to have allowed it to go by default. This is a
contest between two theories or ideas of govern-
ment. ] t is not, except to the superficial observer,
a contest about the negro; and ifjt woie,the pres-
ent form of the abolition theory would not reach
the difficulty. Taking their dogmas as true, and
they are not radical enough. Abolish slavery,
but leave the negro, and you leave the difficulty;
a difficulty that would sooner or later assume the
form of a war of races. It is not slavery. It is
a contest between two systems of government,
instead of a contest between two systems of labor.
We have said our system is right. We have
drawn the sword to defend it, and to enforce obe-
dience to its rightful authority. Shall we now
sheathe that sword and surrender the contest?
In this connection 1 must say, that while I was
nleased and instructed by the extmmiy able and
eloquent aigumenl of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vai.la.ydigham,] in his speech of the 14th of
January, and while 1 agree with him in the faith
wo have m the unity of this Government and this
people, and while 1 agree with him m many of
the reasons he so eloquently urged for the faith
that is in us, I entirely dissent from one of his
conclusions, that this war ought never to have
been Weired by the Government. Sir, the Gov-
ernment was compelled by the rebels themselves
to choose between an4 ignominious surrender and
a forcible lesiatance. 1 do not iegret the choice
my Government made,and I will continue to ap-
prove it, even though the rebellion achieves its
nationality. The thing was so flagrant, so inso-
lent, so flagitious, and so aggressive, that our na-
tional honor, if not our national existence, de-
manded it should be resisted. The welfare and
future peace of both sections demanded it should
be resisted. The conspirators in the secession
movement needed a lesson—a lesson that would
teach them to be respectful and just as neighbors,
if not loyal as citizens; and while I regret the
necessity, I also regret that my Government, being
strong enough, the Administration lacked either
the wisdom or the good fortune to teach them that
lesson more rapidly and more fully than has yet
T>een done.
It is strange that gentlemen can make so great
a mistake as to suppose that compromiseor non-
resistance would have appeased or defeated the
most skillful conspiracy, the most causeless rebel-
lion, and the most perverse, insolent, arid arrogant
leaders in history. The powers at Montgomery
had ordered an army of a hundred thousand men
before our Government had asked fora volunteer,
and their officials boasted the day Sumter fell that
the ensign of rebellion would soon be floating over
the Capitol of the nation; yes, sir, over the Hall
in which we now deliberate. The secession of
South Carolina left peace a bare possibility. The
bombardment of Sumter made war or disgrace
inevitable. We have had Presidents, in days gone
by, who would have blown their sand bags, and
the rebels behind them, into the air long before
they were ready to open on that devoted garrison.
I do not forget the policy, and even the duty of
concession in great controversies between Gov-
ernment and ciiizen. We do not need the lessons
.of ancient or modern times, but only the history
of our own people to piove it. And while I was
willing and anxious, as was all Kentucky, to take
the Ciittenden compiomise foi the sake of peace,
the indifference towards it by the southern con-
spirators, who, by its success, would have missed
the places for which they were already designated
in the secession movement, proves what reason
would have taught, tha^tho real virtue of a com-
promise is, in the case of a real grievance, not ac-
cessible by ordinary legislation, and that an offer
of compromise would not appease a fierce clamor
raised without cause and for n given purpose.
Let gentlemen but rememGei that secession is
founded upon the theoi y of State rights as taught
by the apostles of the Democracy of Calhoun, Da-
vis, Benjamin, and Breckinridge, and that Ken-
tucky, Missouri, and Maryland had exercised
their State rights by adhering to the Union; and
then remember the unblushing, impudent, and
self-stultifying attempts of the rebellion to con-
quer those Slates, to subjugate them by force of
arms, aided by the treason and the perjury of sym-
pathizers in public positions in those States; and
remember the rebel provisional government of
Kentucky, first at Hopkinsville, then in a bad tent
in Tennessee,sleeping at night a day's retreat over
bad roads from the place where it either break-
fasted or did not breakfast; and, after the battle of
Shiloh, where itsfunctions were temporarily sus-
pended, skedaddling around through West Vir-
ginia and East Tennessee, without a local habi-
tation, but with more name than it was entitled
to; and finally leaving the capital of my own State
with more swiftness than dignity, and before the
ceremony of installation was entirely complete.
Let them lemember that farce,a thing only fit to
be laughed at hut for the animus it betrayed, and
the fact that during its performance with so many
interestingepisodes, we had a constitutional Legis-
lature, elected by the largest majority in the his-
tory of the State. Let them remember that Ken-
tucky and Virginia, and, for aught I know, Ma-
ryland, are to-day represented at Richmond,and
that the Richmond despotism claims that its do-
minion extends over those three States. Letthem
remember all this, and much more that is familiar
to the country, and then consider whether a sur-
render or a policy of non-resistance would have
appeased such a movement. No, sir. It would
only have emboldened them to lay and exact
tiibute at the capitals and commercial emporiums
of the free States as " indemnity for the past and
security for the future."
I hope gentlemen have not forgotten the avowed
purpose of a large party in the rebellion, to de-
mand not only recognition, but the expenses of
their war upon us. Before we declare that such
a movement and such a spirit ought not to have
been resisted, we must prepare ourselves to ac-
cept the proposition, that no wrong, no indignity,
is sufficient to justify the destructions of war; that
it is better to submit to anything than to shed
blood. Without stopping to discuss that propo-
sition I will say that, admitting the contrary to fre
true, 1 then affirm that war by the Government
was made inevitable, necessary, and just by the
conduct of the conspirators; and while I do most
profoundly regret that war was made necessary,
[ do as much regret that it has been so conducted
as to unite the people of the rebel States and di-
vide the people of the loyal States, if the war
in its results proves a failure, or even a disgiace,
the Administration and grossly incompetent gen-
erals will be wholly responsible for the miscar-
riage, while the patriots who have sustained and
defended the Government with their money and
their blood will stand justified before the world
and in the judgment of history.
1 repeat, sir, my earnest conviction that those
engaged in this rebellion needed a lesson not to
be learned in the dulcitude of peace, but only in
the untold horrors of war. Nay, I will go yet
further, and affirm that after the conduct of the
rebels towards my Government and my own
State, I would have been for war had it been cer-
tain that the confederacy had then become a reali'y,
and that the war would fail to restore the nation
m the union of the States. What terms would
they not have exacted without resistance? *f we
must be divided, which 1 have always and do
yet deny, I would hold that for the rebels to ex-
perience some of the bitterness as well as the pa-
geantry and* amusements of a war they courted
would tend to preserve the peace hereafter. There
would have been no living in quiet, except as in-
feriors, in territorial contact, in part bounded by
rivers whose u^e would complicate rather than
define our respective rights, with a nation of peo-
ple -as testy, imperioira, and disdainful as they
would have been had their schemes been allowed
to go by default, with little or no resistance. Mr.
Speaker, the question is easily solved. If they
are rebellious citizens, as I hold them to be, it is
our duty to attempt to maintain the authority of
the Government. And if void ordinances of se-
cession, backed by the physical violence of the
rebellion, made them a foreign and independent
power, as thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] holds, they at the same moment made
them a hostile power, and then our honor, if not
our national life, demanded resistance. What
foreign nation is there from whom we would have
borije, or ought to have borne, what gentlemen
now tell us we ought to have submitted to at the
hands of this rebellion ? It seems to me this set-
tles the question as to the justice of a war under
the facts, but it falls far short of justifying a
deadly war by our own Government on that Con-
stitution we claim to be defending.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandig-
ham] made some forcible remarks about the at-
tempt to win affection by coercion, and making
harmony by war. 1 do not use his language, but
only repeat the thought. As a parliamentary tilt
the thrust was a clever one, and to some minds
would have proved deceptive; but with a gen tit man
of so much learning, and such vast historical re-
search, 1 am forced, out of regard for him, to sus-
pect it was thrown in more by way of ornament
than as the deliberate conviction of a principle ap-
plicable to this case. It does not reach the merits
of this controversy, and does not indicate an ap-.
preciation of the great lessons of history, and for
that very reason does its author an injustice. No
Government is worth the trouble of making, no
Government is fit to be preserved, no Govern-
ment has the power to preserve itself, no Govern-
ment is loved and obeyed by its citizens, and no
Government deserves to be loved and obeyed, that
either does not have or does not exercise the
power to coerce evil-doers, or non-doeis of duty.
I affirm that,while protection is i he great object of
governmental compacts,coercion is tin: only means
of attaining and enforcing that object. Those who
quarrel with this statement of my theory of Gov-
ernment must aim their batteriesathuman nature
and its weaknesses, and not at me.
1 was 'much obliged to the eloquent gentleman
for his glorious illustrations of the unity and the
