1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
istration, by every party that 1ms held power in
this great Govet nmcnt for years past, that this
question of slavery belonged exclusively to the
States, and that yon had no right to interfere with
iteither directly or indirectly? When the people
of Missouri are told that they must give up their
property for a nominal price, that they must bind
themselves to abrogate a particular article in their
constitution forever, and agree that they will never
exercise a power which is expressly granted in
their constitution for all time to come, do you sup-
pose it will materially reconcile them to your act?
T have heard a great deal said in this Hall
against slaveholders. Excuse me if I say a word
in their defense, f do not undertake to say what
has been the cause of this rebellion in many of
the States of the Union; but m Missouri, let me
tell you, the slaveholders are not responsible/or
the rebellion there. If it had not been for the
slaveholders of Missouri that State to-day would
be engaged in the southern rebellion; for it would
be connected with the southern confederacy. I can
establish this fact by my colleague, with whom
I have acted throughout the whole of this unfor-
tunate controversy in the State of Missouri. As
has been remarked by him here to-day, a conven-
tion was called by the secessionists to take the
State of Missouri out of the Union. My col-
league and myself had the honor to be members
of that convention. The whole number of its
members was ninety-nine, and eighty-five of them
were slaveholders."They vStood by theUnion, by
the flag of their fathers, and by their country, in
opposition to the secessionists. In doing so, do
you suppose that they had no sacrifices to make?
Do you suppose that they conld turn their backs
on the graves of their ancestors; that they could
array themselves, m many cases, against their
own sons and brothers, who were in arms against
the country, without some feeling? Is it to be
supposed that they are less or more than human ?
All this was done; but, on a future occasion, I
could narrow this down, if it were desirable. Af-
terwards, in a great crisis in the affairs of Mis-
souri, the destiny of that great State at one time
depended on the will of a single individual, and
that individual was a slaveholder. He determined
on the side of the Union, and thereby retained
the State m the Union.
I make these remarks, Mr. President, because I
know that some gentlemen here have thought that
no good thing could come from a slaveholder.
1 am not disposed to go into the late elections
in Missouri; but I will state facts which will go
far to convince you that this time ought to be ex-
tended, and that the people ofMissouri, who have
stood by the Union in all its vicissitudes, in all
its trials, who have been sincerely and honestly
attached to thisgreat Union, should be consulted,
and that time and opportunity should be given to
them to be heard upon this great question which
so much interests them. At the recent election,
whatever may have been the cause, but a very
limited vote was cast. But a bare majority of the
whole number of votes in the State was given to
the candidates for Congress. Out of a vote of
one hundred and sixty thousand two years ago,
eighty-six thousand were all thnt the candidates
for Congress on both sides of this question could
parade, both for emancipation and against eman-
cipation, at the recent election; and if you come
down to the legislative vote, you will find that
sixty-seven members, a majority of our Mouse
of Representatives, were elected and hold then-
present position by the votes of less than one
fifth of the voters of Missouri. I have the figures
here to show it.
For these reasons, without impeaching the con-
duct of any man in Missouri, or out of it, I say
that this great question should be submitted to
that people; and time ought to be extended and
opportunity <jiven them to be heard, if you intend
to do them justice; and that is all I ask. 1 ask
simply that this question may be submitted to the
people of Missouri for their determination, and if
they decide that slavery shall be abolished within
the limits of our State, 1 will say amen, and abide
by u cheei fully, willingly. But here is a propo-
sition which looks to the uprooting of this insti-
tution, with all its vast consequences, within twelve
months, because we know that if this bill shall be
passed by Congress, it is the intention that it shall
be executed in our State. We know that; and
therefore, I appeal to the Congress of the United
States, in behalf of those men in Missouri who
hold this description of property by and in ac-
cordance with the Constitution of the country, to
stand by and see that justice is done them upon
this greatoccasion. Without entering into the mat-
ters of dispute between my colleague and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, enough is known about the
election in Missouri to assert that a minority of
the people, a minority of the legal voters, now
control the destiny of that State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Wilson,] upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Oarlile, Davis, Kennedy, Nesmith,Pow-
ell, Richardson, Wall, and Wilson of Missouri—8.
NAYc?—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Clmndk'r, Claik, Col-
lamer, Dixon. Doohttlc, t'e.'Senden, Foot, Fo.-ter, Grimes,
Harding, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Hicks Kins,Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Ponierov, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wiiley, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massa-
chusetts—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I now move to
strike out the provision which limits the amount
to be paid for each slave. I move to strike out
of the first section of the amendment of the com-
mittee, these words:
And pronded. further, That said bonds in their aggregate
amount s-hall not exceed the sum of $300 for each tdave
emancipated under the provisions of this act and the act of
emancipation to be pa^edby the State of Mi&souu in pur-
suance thereof.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered, and being taken—resulted
—yeas 9, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. I)avi<i, Kennedy, Latham, Nesmith,
Powell, Rice, Wall, VVtiley, and Wilton of Mi«?oui i—9.
NAYS—Messrs, Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark. Col-
lamer, Dixon, Doohttli', Fi">send< n, Foot, Foster. Guinea,
Haidiug, Harlan, Hams., Henderson, Hie Its, King, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Motnil, Ponierov, Sherman,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, TiumbnU, Wilmot, and Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is perfectly ap-
parent that this measure is to pass. Notwith-
standing that foregone conclusion, I will occupy
the attention of the Senate a few minutes in oppo-
sition to it. I have been unable to find any au-
thority by which Congiess can appropriate money
for this object. When the subject was up last, many
gentlemen assumed that Congress had pledged it-
self by voting for the resolution which the Presi-
dent of the United States recommended in con-
nection with this subject, to sustain the measure.
1 was .one of those who voted for that resolution,,
and I now intend to show why J was not pledged
to the support of this measure by having voted for
the resolution which the President recommended
to theadoption of Congress. H«nt is Ins accompa-
nying message, and the resolution which lie rec-
ommended to Congress is in these words:
" Resolved, That the United States ousht to cooperate
with an> State which may adopt gradual" abolishment of
slavery, giving to mcli State pecuniary aid to be used by
Mich State in its discretion, to compensate for the incon-
venience, public and private, produced by such change of
system.-''
Whoso measure was this ? Who conceived it?
WUo endeavored to enforce it upon the favorable
consideration of Congress? It was the President.
On this subject he asked for a conference of the
members of both Houses of Congress from the
border slave States, and we held that conference
wtlh hun, and he explained to us the nature of
his proposition. It was suggested to him in the
course of that conference by members from some
of the States that it was not competent for'Con-
gress to pass such a measure, that it had no con-
stitutional power to pass it. He said, m reply:
" I do not offer it as a practical measure. I com-
mend it to your considemtion us a sentiment."
To use his own phrase, which I heard, and which
some twenty-five other gentlemen heard, "I do
not assume that Congress has the power to pass
such a measure, but the Constitution could he
amended to give it. I do not oiler it to you to be
sustained as a practical measure; I commend it to
your consideration as a proposition which I desire
you to lay before the people of your respective
States.It was in that sense, and in that sense
alone, that the Ptesident of the United States
commended this sentiment to the favorable con-
sideration of the members of Congress who rep-
resented the border slave States. He still ad-
heres to that interpretation of the measure, ant!
he has given the most satisfactory and conclusive
evidence upon that point that it was possible for
him to give, for at the commencement of the
present session, in his annual message to Con-
gress, he recommends an amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States which shal! confer
upon Congress the power to pass this measure.
1 voted for the resolution, understanding it as the
President afterwards explained it, in the confer-
ence to which I have referred.
I have always been of the opinion, and I am
yet, that when any State of this Union spontane-
ously, of her own free will, determines to eman-
cipate her slaves, then, in the form of colonizing
these slaves, the United States ought to give that
State aid, and ought to cooperate in every legiti-
mate manner to transport the negroes that are thus
liberated from the State and from the United States.
Now, sir, I desire to learn, as a matter of favor,
from any gentleman who advocates this measure,
where and what is the power that Congress has
to pass it. Will they point to the provision of
the Constitution which authorizes it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will find it
in that same clause which allows the appropriation
to colonize.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator point me to
that clause r
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I under-
stood the Senator from Kentucky to say, a mo-
ment ago, that he thought the United States ought
to aid, and he was in favor of their aiding, when
Kentucky abolished slavery, to deport the slaves.
Mr. DAVIS. I am still of that opinion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he is, I will tell him that
he will find the authority to free the slaves in the
same clause of the United States Constitution :n
which ho finds the authority to aid in taking them
out of the country.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the astute /penLie-
man from Illinois ; there is no such claafec in
the Constitution; but the Constitution could bo
amended, as the President recommended, to put it
there. You know, sir, that there is no such clause
in the Constitution; otherwise you would quote it.
I ask the gentleman,and I ask an y gentleman, to re-
fer me to the clause of the Constitution thatconfers
this power. The gentleman is a lawyer, of large
practical experience; he is an old Democraticcun-
ning statesman; and he finds it very convenient to
make a dodge, as 1 have no doubt he has frequently
done heretofore. But, sir, I gave my consent to
thissentiment, this principle ofgivingassistance to
the States that would emancipate their slaves, just
as the President of the United States did when he
asked Congress to take the steps to amend the
Constitution to give them that power. Until such
an amendment as that is made the power does not
exist in the instrument. If it did, the learned and
able gentleman from Illinois could give me the pro-
vision of the Constitution thatconferred the power.
1 have considered and reflected upon this subject
for long past years; and thegentleman can no more
involve me in an inconsistency for the position that
I have taken than he can involve the President in
it. What,sir,said the President in his conference
with the border State members of Congress? He
said this, in the most distinct terms—he did all the
| talking himself, mostly:4' I concede and recognize
' fully the property of a slave owner in his slaves.
! If I earn a thousand dollars and mvest it m land,
and another man earns a thousand dollars and in-
vests it in a negro man, he has as indefeasible a
right to his slave as I have to my land." Well
now, sir, that is the only sanction of property that
we have ever claimed m relation to slaves; and we
contend that we have precisely the same consti-
tutional and legal right to slave property that we
have to land or horses or any other property. No
man has refuted that proposition,and no man can
do it—not even the learned and able lawyer and
!, former judge from Illinois.
1: Mr. President, there are other objections to this
H bill. Congress is endeavoring by it to make a
compact with a State, and a perpetual compact.
I assume that Congress on its part has no power
to make such a compact; nor has the State of
Missouri or any State the power to make such a
