132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
3Tth Cons....3d Sess.
Conduct of the War—Mr. Yeaman.
Ho. of Reps.
when fortune is smiling on the enemy and frown-
ing on us. Gentlemen seem anxious that, for a
second time in history, the comers from the North
shall be 44 the terror of the world and the scourge
of God."
And we have the proposition to raise one hun-
dred and fifty regiments of negroes, in 1776,1783,
1812, and 1815 we earnestly protested against the
conduct of the British in taking our slaves as prop-
erty and exciting them against us as enemies. In
1860, as a party , and in 1861 as.the administrators
(no double entendre is me'ant) of the Government,
you subscribed platforms and voted resolutions
denying bpth your power and your intention u>do
these things. I would scorn to argue the uncon-
stitutionality of seducing and freeing from scrvice
the slave whom you would be bound under the
Constitution to return in case of a voluntary escape.
But I will tarry long enough to tell such men that
they are thoroughly understood, not only in the
bolder States, but by intelligent and, honest men
at the North. Many of you do not want the Union
restored, and you are systematically shaping your
policy with the view of driving the loyal slave
States from that Union. We commenced a right-
eous war in a lighteous cause, and you are dili-
gently and skillfully seeking to convert it into an
enormous lie, that will make your children, in all
time to come, blush over the record of your false-
hood and your treachery. Beware you do not
soon stand indicted by the grand jury of the na-
tion for procuring soldiers under false pretenses,
and be found guilty in the court of public opinion.
There is such a thing as honor among enemies;
and to my mind one of the most grateful spec-
tacles is the confidence with which an enemy who
would gladly slay you in open combat would
trust las life and Ins fortune upon the truth of a
statement or pledge made upon the honor of his
adversary. Can we expect to bring this war to
a proper conclusion by destroying that confidence?
The rebels, at least some of them, began this con-
test with* whole volumes of rhetorical falsehoods
about-then* being engaged in the defense of their
homes and firesides. Shall we make a falsehood
in the beginning a truth in the end ?
Condemning, as 1 do, the course this war is
taking, I yet protest against the claim set up by
rebel sympathizers for sagacity in claiming to
foresee that this was a movement against States
and State institutions. They said it was because
they wanted it to be; they wanted itforan engine
of revolution, and we seem determined to gratify
them. The principal movers would not venture
to affirm a present grievance, in the matter of the
Territories, at a time when they hud, in then-
hearts, resolved to go out. The duly authorized
and diplomatic agent.sof the rebellion at the courts
of Europe said that it was from no fear of abo-
lition that secession took place. This is clearly
one of the cases m which the statement or ad-
mission of the agent binds the principal. No,
sir; there is a philosophy in this revolutionary
process which some men have not dreamed of,
and which a few have understood perfectly well
from the beginning. Violence generates violence
in those against whom it is aimed. The passions
of civil war reproduce and intensify themselves,
while they consume the crucible in which they
burn. Those of them who were conversant wtLh
history understood the phenomena if not the
secret springs of the ebbing and flowing of the
passions of a nation, and upon these things they
built a theory. It was to predict evil intents on
the part of the Government, alarm the people, and
then incite the fulfillment of these predictions in
the violence of civil war. At the ballot-box, in
the national Legislature, and in the affections of
the people, disunion was next to powerless, ft
was only in civil war that it could be accom-
plished. Hence it was that while Virginia hung
as it were trembling and vibrating in the balance,
men who were at the time occupying seats on
this floor and in the other end of the Capitol, ex- i
claimed, "why don't they open on Sumter?"
and affirmed with great emphasis, "Virginia will
never go out without a fight." Our strength, our
promptness, and oui justice, if well and wisely
handled, would have prevented the success of this
hellish scheme.
Let us, for it is not yet too late, assure the re-
bellion that it has no friends among us; that we !
will play fair with them at the great game of war,
but that we will stake our all on the throw for
the Government, and will giv%them all their rights
as soon as they return to reason. They will then
soon begin to ask, " what are we fighting for?"
There are just two conditions necessary to secure
our success. They are indispensable. We must
have such military success as will convince the
rebellion of our ability to suppress it. And by
the domination of conservatism in the Adminis-
tration we must convince the people of the South
of our willingness to do them justice. Neither
one, however full its measure, will suffice alone.
At present we are fulfilling neither condition, and
therefore are not in the road to success. By it-
self, military success would only lay the southern
people, with their liberties manacled, at the feet
of a tyranny that has forgotten to spare the free
and loyal communities of the North from the steel
vice of a remorseless and unconstitutional martial
law. By itself, conservatism, without military
success, would only make fruitless proposals to
an enemy, outraged by our proclamations and
emancipations, flushed with success, who would
greet our peace-offerings as a cowardly way of
admitting his own independence. We seek no
quarrel with the Administration, and will have
none, if they will let us avoid it. They have forced
us into a quarrel. There is this difference between
us. You can safely arid consistently and are in
duty bound to unite with us on our platform to
suppress this rebellion under and by and with the
powers of the Constitution, that platform so often
and so clearly avowed by the President and his
party, by the Secretary of State, and by both
Houses of this Congress. But we will not, we
cannot, we never will try to unite with you in
the policy of hurling the fragments of a shattered
Constitution at the rebellion, with the hope that
its vast and spirited armies will cower and fall
under the weight of the impotent blow, and that
those dishonored fragments will return to us from
the foul contact, all joined and welded in their
original proportions. No, sir. The fragments of
that violated instrument whicb we said we were
defending will be gladly seized by our foes, and
held up to the world as burning arguments to
illustrate our folly and our perfidy; and from the
r< fleeted light of these they will claim to discover
to a tardy world the justice of their own cause.
We have not left you; you have left us, and your
own platform and your own promises. We do
not say that the mountain must come to Mo-
hammed, but, claiming to be representatives of
the mountain of public opinion and constitutional
law, we do say you must come to us, or we will re-
main divided. It is idle for yQU to tell us that this
will divide the support of the Government, em-
barrass the Administration,and secure the success
of the rebellion. We think otherwise, and that
in any event we will never be able to embarrass
the Administration one half so much as it has
embarrassed us, who argued and promised on the
strength of its'ptomises.
I now speak of a political opposition and a po-
litical division. We me united, and I hope will
remain so, in our military opposition to the re-
bellion. Many Democrats and border State men
have been placed m more apparent than real op-
position to the war by the willfulness and partisan
zeal of the dominant party in giving to the war
pleasures of the presentCongressapartisau,and,
indeed, an unconstitutional form. We wanted to
vote an appropriation—the $900,000,000 bill—and
we wanted to vote for calling out the entire power
of the Government, but were prevented by the
conduct of the managers on the other side. In-
deed, by our votes upon the Mallory amendment
to the $900,000,000 bill, which would have secured
our support ot the bill itself, and our votes for
the Holman substitute for the conscription bill,
we stand on record as having offered the fullest
support for the prosecution of the war on a con-
stitutional basis.
I made an argument a few weeks ago in this
House against the President's proclamation. I
asked, it the President could take one kind of prop-
erty by proclamation as an act of war, why could
he not take my horse and my plow, or the land I
cultivated with them ? f did not demand a categor-
ical answer then; I asked that they take time and
answerdcliberately. I was,induecourseofdebate,
answered by the learned and able gentleman from
Philadelphia, [Mr. ICelley.] He said it could
not be assimilated to the taking of other property,
but asked, with much earnestness, what lawyer
would deny that in times of war we had the right
to ask and obtain the assistance of all persons in the
enemy's country? and added with much beauty,
" it is a great thing to be a man." So it is a
great'thing to be a man, especially the right kind
of a man. We all thank God he made us men in-
stead of brutes, and white men instead of black
men. Then, the argument, as it affects property,
is abandoned, and the proclamation is defended
only on the ground that it affects persons, and does
this as a war measure. Then the edict ought to
have been limited by the argument its friends of-
fer in its defense; it ought only to have called for
the able-bodied, arm-bearing male population, say
a fifthoratenth of the whole,and not fordecrepit
old age, prattling young children, and mothers
with unweaned babes.
The shallow smartness indulged in by the friends
of this measure, whose arguments are unworthy
of their own ability, scarcely deserves a reply;
but the question was asked, who will deny that
we may claim the assistance of all persons in the
enemy's country in time of war? and I will an-
swer that I deny the proposition. I affirm that
under the laws of this country,and under the rules
of war, this is adoniestic relation, and that under
those laws and rul6s, the dictates of humanity,
the teachings of the Gospel, and, under the prac-
tice of great commanders, like Napoleon and
Wellington, and of great men, like Washington,
you cannot disturb the domestic relations and in-
cite household murder among your enemies as an
act of national warfare. You cannot array son
against father, wife against husband, and servant
against master. War is to oveicome armed men,
and not to destroy families, plunder private es-
tates, and dissolve the.social structure. I know
this will be sneered at as a lawyer's quibble. Of
course it will. That is an old trick with those
who want to violate the law. There is a strong
party in this country who are rapidly learning to
think the Constitution is nothing but a legal quib-
ble written on sheepskin. I do not talk to such.
I talk to the business men and working men of
the country—men who have sense, and love law
because they know that law is the science of or-
der and justice.
This argument about persons gives to Jeff Da-
visacruei advantage over some Union men in the
border States. I have heard of some pretty wives
who are so rebellious in their politics that while
they sleep every night with loyal husbands they
will not speak to a good-looking Union candidate
for Congress in the daytime. Under this argu-
ment Mr. Davis may say to these good ladies,
" you are persons, we need your assistance; you
must act as spies or dispatch your husbands as
you think will best serve us; 1 will approve 4 any
acts' you do in the matter." I wish he would
issue such a proclamation against the domestic
relations in the United States, for then these ladies
would pout a while and turn Union, just as some
men turned secession when our President issued
his proclamation.
We of the border States have been charged with
loving slavery better than we do the Union. Those
who make this flippant charge do not know the
meaning of the word loyalty. They do not know
what it costs to be loyal in some parts of the coun-
try. They have not had their houses searched
for arms, and been ordered to bring the best horse
from the stable. They never stood guard in a
thunder-storm, and patrolcd the streets nil night.
They have not followed the example of my pre-
decessor, Geneial James S. Jackson, who was
loyal enough to offer his life to his country on the
bloody hills of Chaplin; nor the example of my
constituents, Mc Henry, Wall, Max well, Shackle-
ford, Biistow, Holmes, and Murray, who, at the
head ofthose glorious Kentucky regiments,whose
backs the enemy have never seen, llluatiated the
arms of their State and their nation at Donelson,
SiiilWi, and Corinth. And they have foigotten
that three of my colleagues [Messis. Griddr,
Wickltffe, and Crittenden] gave stern proof
of their loyalty on the banks oftheThames, many
years before their reviler« here and elsewhere
were born. These efforts are not confined to this
