784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
them States, you may call them by whatever name i
you wish—can be nothing less than sovereign. :
The idea thatany paramountauthority may exist j
as to. these rights destroys the reservation of the |
rights themselves, as it destroys the sovereignty j
ofthecoramunity which is bound to protectant! as-
sert them. Hence, in the constitution of my State,
and yours, of all the States, the crime of treason
against the State is defined and punished. Treason
cannot be committed against less than a sover-
eignty, and I hold that the States themselves have
enacted, and as sovereigns prescribed, the* punish-
ment for treason against the rights reserved to
them and their people.
I do not wish to wrest this doctrine to my own
destruction, or to the justification of any who
have taken up arms against the Government. I
keow that the individuals, the officers of a State,
may commit treason against the Federal Govern-
ment. 1 believe that the officers of the Federal
Government may commit treason against the
States. The rights, the duties, arjd the dangers
of the States and the Federal Government aye
mutual and reciprocal. There should be no tres-
pass either upon the one hurid or the other. The
crime of treason may be committed againstState
government as well as against Federal authority.
There are many crimes, however, against the
rights of the States and against the rights of the
people which are below the grade of treason. There
are misdemeanors, offenses less than treason.
There are vile fraud*, there are most contemptible
and cowardly impositions, as fatal to State dignity
and State sovereignty as treason itself. The prop-
osition embodied in il is bill is one of that charac-
ter. It is worse than a ciime. it is worse than
a crime because it lacks the boldness of execution.
It is meaner than a crime because you cannot fasten
it upon the person who seeks to perpetrate it, or
upon the power which seeks to commit it. What
ia this proposition ? It is a proposition to inter-
fere wit', the rights of property in the State of
Missouri, and to interfere in the most powerful
manner—to interfere by an appeal to the basest
passion of humanity, the love of money. The
loyalty of Missouri, it seems, lias been weighed
and measured. It is worth ten millions in cash
or twenty millions on credit. I will not pursue
the tenor of this thought. It would be doing in-
justice to the people of a great State to say any-
thing further about it; nor will I vote the value of
u penny to bribe the legislative or popular action
of the State of Missouri, upon the subjectof their
domestic institutions, in any way whatever.
This is a directbribeofiered by the FederalGov-
frnment, under the authority of the Federal Gov-
rnment, for legislative ami popular action against
the rights of property in the State of Missouri. If
you can buy the property rigiitsof Missouri, you
can purchase any others. What reasons are as-
signed for this most extraordinary conduct? In
the first place, it is said that Missouri is willing.
Does that change our constitutional obligations as
Senators and conseivators of the Federal com-
pact? Does that give us the light to intervene or
interfere? We are told that the fidelity of Mis-
souri to the Union is to depend upon the result
of the bill now pending. I heard with regret the
Senator from that State [Mr. Henderson] say
that unless litis bill passed, he would not say what
the result would be, but he feared it; that he should
leave the State and cast his fortunes with the Union;
intimating that the State might leave the Union if
this biH was not passed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Indiana give way?
Mr. TURPI E. With all due deference to the
Senator, I w ill not.
Sir, I am sorry that any such appeal should be
made to the Senate. I will not under such a threat,
as 1 take it, do so great an injustice to the people
of Missouri, or to those of Indiana, as to vote for
a measure of this character. Nor do I believe that
the triumph of the Federal cause is to be affected
either m Missouri or elsewhere by the defeat or
the success of this bill. The Ameiican people
have undertaken a sublime task, the restoiatam
of our nationality. Does the Senator from Mis-
souri doubt the success of that effort? 1 do not.
1 never have. Thine is a God in heaven for the
brave. I believe that no power short of that which
arrested Saul on his journey from Jerusalem to
Damascus can prevent the accomplishmentof that
result. I believe that no legislation as suggested
by this bill-can retard or accelerate the result.
The Administration, to be sure, are laboring
under difficulties every day increasing. France,
England, Horace Greeley, and the other great
Powers [laughter] are to be watched and con-
ciliated; McClellan, the patriot without a peer,
is to be crushed out and forgotten; Giddings and
Garrison, and other domestic enemies of the
country 5s peace, are to be pensioned and provided
for; the Porters, by land and sea, are to be pun-
ished; the rebels are to be driven out of the State
of Missouri; and the draft is yet to be enforced
in Massachusetts. These are most arduous la-
bors, and I bespeak for those who have under-
taken them not only the, cooperation of their
friends, but the sympathy of-their political oppo-
nents, and the neutrality at least of all the world
and the balance of mankind. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I do not think that what the Adminis-
tration has undertaken has anything to do with
the great popular task of the country. Senators
are continually saying here, day after day, that
unless the country is saved during this Adminis-
tration, it cannot be saved at all. I am of the
contrary opinion. I think that, as far as the
present Administration is concerned, the Execu-
tive has lost the confidence of the people of both
sections of this land. He has lost the confidence
of the North and the South. He is thoroughly
imbued with the fanatical abolition notions of the
New England school. It would be impossible
for any man, or any set of men, to operate har-
moniously and effectually during the existence of
this Administration for the purpose of doing the
country any good, or taking any important step
towardsa final restoration of the political relations
formerly existing between these States.
1 know, sir, that Senators are constantly talk-
ing about the Union. I do not wish to be exceeded
by any man in my devotion to the American Union.
I have spoken for the Union; I have written for
the Union; I have fought and acted for the Union
when those who now claim to be its ardent friends
were willing, under certain contingencies, to lot it
slide. But I ask you,sir, whatdo Senators mean
by the Union? It is by what they mean, not what
they say, that we muatjudge them. If it is meant
by the Union to purchase the negro slaves of Mis-
souri or elsewhere, and pay for them out of the peo-
ple's money and the public Treasury, I am not for
it. If you mean by the Union the support of these
fugitive contrabands, these pariahs of the South
who escape within our military limits, and the feed-
ingand clothingofthesecreatures,to ihedesertion,
starvation, and destitution of the soldiers ofjihe
Federal Army—if you mean that by the Union, I
am riot for it. If you mean by the Union the absorp-
tion by the Federal Government of the reserved
rights of the States and the people, 1 am not for
it. But jf you mean by the Union the restoration
of the national authority upon every foot of the
national soil; if you mean by the Union the pres-
ervation of the national fame and of i he national
flag; the flag which waved at Bunker Hill, at Sard-
toga, at Yorktown,at Palo Alto,at Chapultepec,
at Shiloh, and at Donelson—that flag with not a
stripe obliterated and with every star undimmed;
the only flag in the world which floats over a lim-
ited Government and a free people—if you mean
that by the Union, I am for it now and forever.
But, sir, it is said as an additional reason why
we should pass this measure, that it will aid the
State of Missouri in emancipation. The object
is said to be humane and philanthropic. It may
be extremely charitable; but I ask you, sir, why
has Congiess, why has the General Government
exclusively confined its chanties to Africans in
servitude, and to the wants of the negro race?
Are there no other sufferers upon whom this
money might be expended? Whole regiments
now serving under the flag: of your country have
gone unpaid for months.* The wives and children
of soldiers, a vast constituency at home, are beg-
ging daily for biead. I should sooner vote an
appropriation of ten or twenty millions for such
a purpose than for any purpose piesented in this
bill.
'What is our action, and what can be its result ?
Do you call this strengthening the hands of the
President' Do you call it strengthening the Ad-
ministration ? Do you call it filling up the ranks
i of the Army and encouraging the Union cause?
i I sa,y that this course of conduct can bring nothing
but danger and dishonor upon the country. It
will be seen that millions of the national Treasury
are squandered for abolition purposes in Missouri
and elsewhere, and that the soldier in the field
remains unpaid, and sometimes unfed and un-
clothed. I take it that Senators would show
their devotion to the Union in passing by such
measures as the one at present urged, and giving
their attention solely and wholly to the condition
of the country, and' the wants of that large con-
stituency of unpurchased and unpurchasable pa-
triotism which .has shown its love of country by
beaAgarms in the field. Talk about the loyalty
of Missouri—the purchased love of the prostitute;
one that has to be bought with money, and paid
for with money ! Would you foster and cherish
that feeling if such exists? I would not dishonor
the State by saying that I believe in its existence;
but would you foster and cherish that mercenary
affection to the destruction of the interests of all
those portions of our fellow-citizens who are de-
manding this money, and demanding in fact all
the resources and support of the Government
which we can possibly give them?
Why should there bean intervention and inter-
ference in the case of Missouri ? Pennsylvania
and New York were formerly slave States. At
the close of the Revolution a I irge amount of cap-
ital was invested m those States in slave property.
The institution has disappeared fiorn those States,
and how? By virtue of the voluntary legislative
action of the people and their representatives. I
ask Senators why should the slaveholders of Mis-
souri be paid for their property out of the national
Treasury any more than the slaveholders of New
York and Pennsylvania? I ask those particularly
differing with me in political faith; I ask those
Senators who have built up political fortunes upon
their pretended hatred of this institution, and their
pretended opposition to southern rights, why they
now propose to tax the free people of the loyal
North and South, why they propose to tux the
national Treasury for the special benefit of the
slave-holder, the slave-breeder, and the slave-
driver of Missouri?
Sir, the State which I in part represent will
yield to no State in the Confederacy in its devo-
tion to the Union. Indiana, the gift of Virginia
to the nation, loves the Union for the giver's sake.
She hopes yet to see the mother of States and
statesmen restored and reconciled to all her chil-
dren. Although the people of Indiana, at any time
before the existence of war by the act of the pub-
lic enemy, at any time before the Federal flag was
fired upon by the traitor band of South Carolina
at Sumter, would have accepted the Ciittenden
proposition, the border State proposition, or any
of those propositions, as a settlement of the diffi-
culties between the sections, yet when war came,
she waged war; not because she desired it, but
because she believed we must have war or worse:
we musteither have war or a dissevered national-
ity; we must have either war or abandon the Gov-
ernment to its enemies. Indiana still follows the
flag of the Union. The bones of her gallant sons
fallen in this great struggle mingle in the soil of
every battle-field from Missouri to the Rappahan-
nock. Indiana now is not for war—site never has
been; she is not for peace; she is not for either of
these things except ns a means to an end—that
end, the restoration of the Union and the unity of
the States. If the war is not waged with that pur-
pose, I am for peace to-day. If it is found that
that purpose is impracticable or impossible, lam
for a cessation of hostilities this moment.
Sir, the people of Indiana have not gone into this
contest blindfolded. They surveyed the whole
field. They counted the cost. They knew what
it would cost to make the effort. They knew it
would cost more not to make it. They are not
for separation. They are for national integrity at
whatever cost, and by whatever means, whether
belligerent or pacific, by which that object may
be effected. If mediation is to be proposed as a
settlement, the people of Indiana will ^isk why the
i mediation of]New York, of New Jersey, oflCen-
i tucky, of Illinois; why the mediation of these
i sovereignties should not be received and accepted
as well as the mediation of France or England,
either in regard to the termination of the war or
the policy with which it may be conducted. They
will ask why was Crittenden rejected as a medi-
ator and any one else preferred ? That they will
ask, and they will require an answer. As dear.
