THE CONGRESSION AT, GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress. 3d Sessiox.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1863.
Neiv Series No. 50.
as the Union is to Indiana, and as dear as it is to
every loyal citizen, it is not of more value than
the rights of the States and the people. The same
treasure and thesame blood that I should be will-
ing lo expend in the preservation of the one, I
shall spend just as freely in the security and the
protection of the other.
It is asked, but it has not been answered, what
power under the Constitution we have to make
this appropriation. The Chief Magistrate of the
country, when he introduced the resolution inau-
gurating (his policy, and since, has declared that
there is no power under the Constitution by which
it can be carried out and effected. He has admit-
ted that it is extra-constitutional and beyond the
powers specified in that instrument. Have we
had any changc in the Constitution? How could
a change have been effected? We do not distin-
guish between power and authority. Will it be
for a moment claimed that the present Chief
Magistrate of the Union has any more authority
than the one who preceded him, or the one before
that? It cannot be. He may have moie power.
How has heachieved that power? By calling into
his hand the military force of the country, by
largely increasing the Army and Navy; but it has
given him no shadow of authority moicthan that
which was possessed by his predecessors.
This appropriation is asked for under the war
power. It is claimed by Senators to lie necessary
to crush out the rebellion, to vindicate the national
law and the national authority m the State of M is-
souri. This war power is a most singular article.
India rubber has had some reputation heretofore
for being elastic; gold and silver for being mallea-
ble and ductile; but, sir, they must yield to this
war power in all those qualities. Why, sir, it
u Lives through all life, extends through all extwnt,
Spread, undivided, operates unspent "
The President is the first great reservoir of this
war power. He is Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy. Why is he Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy? Because he is
President, and not for any other reason. I take
it to be a settled principle of the Government that
the military is always suboidinate to the civil
power. I take it that the powers of the Com-
mander-in-Chief are subordinate to the powers of
the President; and that an actof the Commander-
in-Chief against the Constitution and beyond the
Constitution cannot be justified any more than
can an actof the President. The war poweis of
both Congress and the President are subordinate
to civil author ity. The President is said to be the
grand receptacle of these war powers. The heads
of Departments have, of course, some of them.
Some are claimed for Congress. We ate now
called upon to exorcise oursluireof these extraor-
dinary powers in the passage of this bill. The
Governors of the States have claimed some of
these powers. They have been distributed down
to a multitude, whom no man can number, of pro-
vost marshals scattered in every village between
the two oceans except Ceredo and Oberlin, which,
being inhabited wholly by white and black Afii-
cans, needed no such guardians of loyalty.
It is a most remarkable power—this war power
of the Constitution—so much so, that I doubt its
existence altogether. It is a myth; it is a fiction;
it has no existence. The Chief Executive has
laid down what this power is. He says it is the
power on his part to do anything which he may
consider necessary to crush the rebellion. That
is the only limit to it—his own discretion. Can
he lengthen his own term of office? Most cer-
tainly he can under the war power, if he should
think it necessary to crush the rebellion. Can he
increase his pay ? Most certainly he can, just as
easily as he can issue a proclamation affecting the
rights of property in any of the States. There is
no limit to the power, and there can be none. I
take it, sir, that when you thus place the power
in the hands of one man to control the Army and
Navy and the purse of a great nation, without re-
striction and without limit, you have erected a
military despotism. You call him the President.
In France he is called the Emperor; in Austria,
50
the Emperor; in Russia, the Czar. The Ameri-
can Czar will find no serfs west of the Allegha-
nies. it is not proposed to surrender the most
sacred rights which were reserved at the time of
the formation of the Constitution to the States and
to the people; there can be no necessity for their
destruction.
Why, sir, under this war power you may ex-
ercise any authority whatever. It is useless for
us to say that an act does not conduce to'the crush-
ing of the rebellion; if the Executive thinks differ-
ently, that is the law. I think that the defeat of
this Missouri bill will strengthen the Federal Gov-
ernment, not only m Missouri, but elsewhere.
hope it will be defeated; but if Congress, to whom
if deputed apaitof this remarkable power, thinks
differently, away goes your safeguard on the
Treasury, and away go all the restrictions and
limits which have been thrown around the rights
of property in the several States, and the Consti-
tution, instead of being a living ordinance, be-
comes only a " quiet dogma of the past."
What will be the effect of this continual inter-
ference and intervention by the Federal Govern-
ment with the rights of the States and the peo-
ple? What has been its effect already? Da we
not read it in the signs of the times? As far as
one act, treason, is concerned, the offiecrsand peo-
ple of certain States have taken up arms against
the Federal Government. As far as the otheract
is concerned, it is proposed not to take up arms,
but to inteifere and intervene by the power of the
purse with the domestic institutionsof the States.
That power, that inference is no more to be justi-
fied than the other. Much has been accomplished
by indirection since the commencement of the pies-
cut policy, which no man could have justified or
accomplished directly. We find ourselves now in
the prosecution ofa war wheieabolition is coinci-
dent with military success, simply by this same
method of indirection. Forces have been called
out, arms have been placed in their hands osten-
sibly and avowedly for the purpose of piotecting
the national Government against the treason of
certain States, and after they have been so called
out, by this same indirection, the whole force i.s
converted fiom its original intention, and a cru-
sade is undertaken and waged against the very
rights which the General Government is bound
to protect; for, as I said before, I believe that the
lights of the States and of the General Govern-
ment are mutual. The GenerulGovtrnmentguar-
anties to the States a republican foim of govern-
ment. It guaranties the safety and protection
of the rights of which I have spoken, and it can-
not interfere with those lights without abandon-
ing its constitutional limitations, and without a
breach of the guarantees which U gave the State
at the time of her admission.
Hence there are nociicumstances which would
induce me to vote for the bill under considera-
tion. I legard it as a violation of the reserved
rights of the people of M issotn i. I regard it as a
violation of constitutional obligations upon our
part; and let me say that while we are waging
a war for the law we ought to wage it under the
law, and we ought not to violate the law. With-
out the law there is no transgression. Without
law there is no rebellion. And if Congress and
the Gencrol Government insist upon a breach, a
serious infraction of the Constitution in regard to
the rights of any of the States, we cannot tell how
far that breach may go, norcan wetell what effect
it may have upon the whole characterof the Gov-
ernment.
I say nothing, sir, now, of that new treason
which we have heard whispered in high places,
that the Army of the Union is to be recalled, that
there 13 to be no further effort to save the Govern-
ment, but that the force is all to be exhausted for j;
the purpose of saving the Administration. I say jj
nothing about that except this: as far as the State j!
which I represent is concerned, we are not dts- j
posed to abandon the Union; we are not yet dis-
posed to accept separation as a necessity; we are
not disposed to accept separation as an alternative
rather than recognize the right of the southern
States to a peculiar species of property. No, sirs
I charge Senators to avoid this crime against na-
tionality. The people of the Northwest, the peo^
pie of the great central States have recently decided
upon these very questions. In those States thfere
was no contest as to whether the integrity of th£
Government should be maintained. The question
in the late canvass related to whether there should
be a change of its form by our own agency. XJpotj
that question the verdict of Indiana, of Illinois,
New Jersey, and of other States, was rendered.
Determining that while the Government should
be supported, while it should receive money, whil£
it should receive men from the States guaranty-
ing the vindication of the national sovereignty^
there should be no interference whatever by tiift
Fedeial Government with the rights of theStatei
themselves. Let not Senators mistake this as thfi
verdict or as the action ofa"party. As far as thfj
result of the election in Indiana was concerned,it
was distinctly the action of the people, not of any
party, against every possible discouragement thai
could be thrown upon that action. Less attention
was paid to party organization; less attention was
paid to party drill and party instrumentalities, than
in any contest we have ever had in the Northwest.
It was a pure, plain decision upon the question
as to whether, for any purposes, the rights of the
people should be violated; as to whether,for any
purposes, freedom of spcech/freedom of the press,
freedom of debate and discussion could be tram-
pled under foot by the hand of military power.
That was the question raised and decided. Let
us heed that warning. Let us retrace our steps.
Let us say some fault has been committed. Let
us heed the protest which the States have entered.
The Federal Government will do well to regard it.
The Government is worth more than this Admin*
mtration; it is worth more than any other. It
should work for perpetuity. It should work for
all time to the health and safety of the nation,
which I pray may exist forever as the fathers
formed it.
At an early stage of the political contest of
which I have spoken, great efforts were used to
blind the people as to the questions really at is-
sue. The Republican party in my State disbanded
its organization; it claimed to he no party; it
claimed to have no issue but a vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war; it called itseff il Union; and at
a very eaily stage of the same canvass, a select
cotene of negro maniacs, acting under semblance
of law, calling themselves a grand jury of the
United States district court, affected to present
the Democratic party and its organization as dis-
loyal and traitorous to the country. More than
that, prominent members and leaders of the party
all over theState were arrested, and withoutcaus©
imprisoned. I myself made a canvass during tho
last summer under threats every day of personal
violence, and with my pockets filled with anony-
mous letters to the same effect. The presses of
the party were closed, in some instances; were
torn down and destroyed in others. Every effort
was made even in that State, always loyal, to sup-
press a free, clear, plain expression of the people {
but the effort failed. The people did speak, and
they spoke what I have here said in the Senate.
I know that Senators have disparaged here tho
discussion of party questions. They have said,
i( a million men are now in the field, Democrats
and Republicans, fighting side by side; with them
there is no quarrel; with them there is no differ-
ence; why can there not be unanimity and friend-
ship here?" I ask the same question, why?
Talk about parties ! How do you make parties ?
How are they created ? You cannot make them
out of conventions and platforms. They are
built upon issues. That is the way the present
parties are formed and divided. Who are re-
sponsible for these issues? The Senators to my
right [the Republicans] and their political asso-
ciates, When the Presrdent of the United States
issued his proclamation calling upon the military
force of the country to avenge the insult offered
to the national flag at Fort Sumter, all men ral-
lied without distinction of party to the support
