134
appendix to the congkessional globe.
[February 27,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
liestoration of Peace—Mr. Wood.
Ho. of Reps.
To me that future of domestic discontent, of
jealousy, distrust, and irritation, is so palpable
and painful, that, in place of giving life and treas-
ure to attain it, I would make an equal sacrifice to
escape ii. Our fathers gave us a Union founded
upon mutual consent, concession, and reciprocal
attachment; we would entail upon our children a
political connection based upon hatred, suspicion,
"and opposing prejudices. A nationality thus con-
stituted would be a mockery of republicanism and
its bane. It would be as the consummation of a
marriage where antipathy usurped the place of
love, A political prostitution. The joining of
hands before an altar whose divinity could attest
the heart's irrepressible loathingand disgust. Had
I the faculty to crush with one blow the material
powerofthe South, I would not strike. My pride
as an American would revolt at the thought of
dragging them, reluctant, helpless, and spirit-
broken, into a fellowship that they abhor. Union
restored by subjugation would be but the prelude
of increasing alternation. It is not enough to af-
firm that I would not enforce the unnatural con-
nection; sir, I would not consent to it. i would
oppose it as a degradation to ourselves, an insult
to our institutions, and a violation of our princi-
ples of self-government. I would oppose it as an
impediment to our national progress; as a perpet-
uation of discord and contention between States,
and as involving either its own future dissolution
or the assumption by theGeneral Government of
military and despotic functions fatal to republic-
anism 1 confess, sir, that 1 apprehend no diffi-
culties or misfortunes, in the event ofa separation,
at all commensurate with those that must inevita-
bly prove the sequences of reunion by mere force
of arms.
I can conceive two great ifpublics, expanding
to grandeur, moving side by side upon principles
almost identical, extending the area of self-gov-
ernment, the one northward and westward, the
othersouth ward and westward, united for mutual
defense, and protected by a wise and generous
alliance from the jar of conflicting interests. 1
can conceive them gravitating toward each other,
drawing nearer and nearer as asperities and un-
pleasant memories soften with the lapse of time;
until, when the safe and natural limits of political
affinity shall have been determined, the two mighty
natioim shall merge again into one, upon a foun-
dation peifected by the experiences of the past.
But I cannot conceive a happy, prosperous, and
republican Union, cemented by blood, icmolded
in repugnance, and prolonged by the submission
of the weak to the dictation of the strong.
A partnership in our Confederacy should be
granted as a boon, and only to those that seek it;
not enforced as an obligation upon those that ask
it not. It should be held a privilege to be proud
of, not an imposition to shrink from and protest
against. Were 1 certain that, m a military sense,
tim war would prove successful, nevertheless 1
would oppose it; for with the destruction of the
resisting power of the South would vanish every
hope of their existence as equal and contented
members of one household. How much more
firmly then shall I oppose it, when 1 feel that as
a meie trial for supremacy in arms it will lesult
only in mutual exhaustion.
In my view, therefore, this war, nominally for
the Union, has actually betrti waged against it.
With that belief, rather than prolong it, 1 would
concede a separation as the only means of an ul-
timate reunion upon such principles as a true re-
publican should entertain. Animosities have been
engendered, and conflicting principles have been
developed by hostilities to an extent that rendeis
reunion in the present state of feeling an event to
shrink from as unnatural. Those conflicting prin-
ciples may be reconciled when the smoke of battle
shall have passed away, but surely not until then.
When every conciliatory measuie shall have been
resorted to in vain; when negotiation shall have
been exhausted; when the purpose of the south-
ern people to abstain from political companion-
ship with us shall have been demonstrated as fixed
and irrevocable, and not the passionate resolves
of heated blood, then, as a necessity useless to
struggle against, I shall not only coui^el, I shall
urge, a separation.
Sir, it is natural that, for every patriot, this
word separation.should be fraught with sorrow
and foreboding. It is hard to realize the sunder-
ing of ties that we have been taught to believe sa-
cred and eternal. He who beholds the shadow
of death hovering above the scene of his domes-
tic joys—the husband bending over the form of
his dying wife, the father gazing at the ashen sign
of dissolution that marbles the lineaments of his
favoiite child, m his agony rebels against Provi-
dence. But when the spirit has flown, when what
is earthly has been consigned to earth, and what
is-immortal has gone to its immortal home, the
mourner bows before the will from which he knows
that there is no appeal. Let us likewise bend be-
fore an inexorable truth.
1 cannot measure the affection of my country-
men for the sublime inheritance bequeathed to us;
but I know that there dwells in my own breast a
boundless love and a great pride for those prin-
ciples which the builders of our nationality made
the arch-pillars of their work. I yearn towards
the Union with an intensity made only deeper by
listening to the solemn tones of its passing bell.
In my childhood I was taught to love my country;
and my manhood has made that sacred lesson a
part of my religion, a part of myself, an essence
and a necessity in all that is spuitual within me.
It is not that wild enthusiasm, that superficial
£low so readily fed by grandiloquence and bon-
fires upon Independence day; but it is a steady
and a reasonable love, matured by the conviction
that beneficence,freedom, and prosperity aie the
attributes, and might be made the eternal acces-
sories of our political institutions.
Here, sir, has been a magnificent temple—as
perfect in all its parts as human ingenuity and
labor could make it—admirably suited to be the
home of a great and happy family; impervious to
the assaults of foreign enemies; the refuge of the
oppieHaed; the pride of its inmates; the envyand
wonder of thewoild. But upon what foundation
was the structure built? Sir, upon the fiee will
of the people. Not of one State, or of one section,
but of all the Slates and of all the sections. While
that fiee will existed the temple was of a nature
to withstand the lavages of time. That free will
has ceased to exist, and the temple has crumbled
into dust. It is no more. It is aglory of the past.
What you now conceive to be the structure is but
a memory so intense that it seems reality; but the
substance is notthere. Rebuild it if you can ; but
yon must first secure the free will of the South,
which your armies and navies cannot do.
Why, then, make loud protestations that the
Union mustand shall be preserved, when you lack
the first lequisite of preservation ? It were folly,
sir, to do so, if it were but the dream of an infat-
uated people; but when out of that dream comes
the reality of bloodshed, ruin, and desolation;
when, to sustain the illusion, the stimulants of war
in Us most turiblc form must be applied, it is no
longer folly, it is crime. It is an invitation to the
Almighty to launch his curse upon a blood-enam-
ored race.
If we will cease the mad attempt to enforco fra-
ternity and to compel concord, perhaps the sun-
dered links may be rejoined; but not one stroke
will fall upon the anvil until the echo of the last
gun of the last battle shall have ceased to vibrate
over flie last battle plain. Self-exculpation and
reproach alike must cease; for the country's sal-
vation lies noun the justification of either section
but in the mutual remission of offenses. They
have both their faults, but bending before hard
blows is not among them. Doubtless wrong and
injustice have been done, but it is for calmer minds
and less excited times to strike the balance and
mete out to either side the measure of its blame,
it is not the original en or that we have to do with
now; it is the present, daily, continuous crime of
multiplying human sacrifices to the spint of our
nationality, whose very essence is fraternal love.
It is a spirit that was born of compromise and
generous concession; and now, when gory heca-
tombs are heaped before its shrine, ours is the
fault if it loathe the offering and desert our dese-
crated temples.
Sir, I appreciate the extent of this Government's
military resources. I acknowledge its wonderful
strength in ships, men, and munitions. Had we
a foreign foe to grapple with, one half the battles
we have waged against thu South would have de-
cided the issue to our triumph. No earthly power
could resist our magnificent machinery of war, di-
rected in a cause that touched the people's heart.
If the confederate armies, all massed together arid
fired with the lust of subjugation, should jnvade
one northern State, the thought of our violated
firesides would arouse an energy that would scatter
the invaders like leaves before the wind. But in
this war we have no principle that comes home to
the heart of the masses; we are fighting for sub-
jugation; with a patriotic ulterior purpose, per-
haps, but still for subjugation. If that is a prin-
ciple, it is one that can never arouse the energies
of the American people. The foe has us at a dis-
advantage, sir. He believes that he is fighting
for the sanctity of his home; for the freehold of
his native soil; for social institutions that he was
taught to justify; and for his conception of self-
government. .
Sir, the American soldier, without sectional
distinction, fights best in such a cause. No dream
of laurel crowns can make the notes of war har-
monious to his soul; no greed of conquest lures
him to far-off battle plains. But where, within
sight, the smoke curls from his cottage chimney;
where the corn waves in the furrow where he
planted it, and the pastures and pathways about
him are his familiar haunts, he stands a warrior
born. He counts not the number of his foes; he
measures not their strength; he knows himself
indomitable.
Therefore it is that the South has maintained
itself, defiant, resolute, and hopeful, against the
most formidable military operations known in the
history of war. The question of superiority in
skill or courage is not at issue. In these we stand
upon equality, and man's power to resist is greater
than his equal's power to compel. The only pros-
pect of accommodation rests in a calm,dispas-
sionate .appeal to the judgment and better feelings
of the contending parties.
With such convictions, and believing thatevery
hour of hostilities tends to our further estrange-
ment, I have never voted a dollar for the war.
As a legislator, as a citizen, and as a man, I claim
to be absolved from all paiticipation in this mur-
derous strife. With all my humble abilities I
have endeavored to arrest it. I shall still en-
deavor, and if in vain, let my efforts attest, before
God and man, that I am unstained with the blood
of my countrymen.
If, by giving ail latitude to argument, I could
discover a possibility of effecting a friendly recon-
struction by dint of terrible encounters between
armed hosts, I might look on in silence and pa-
tiently await the end. But even in the event of
the most complete and crushing victories, I see
but the sullen,forced, and temporary submission
of the vanquished to a uile that they abhor. Can
this stabbing and shooting and shivering with
shells convince the wrong or reconcile the angry,
or inspire with confidence those that distrustand
with friendship those that hate us? Wili time
and habit make subjection acceptable to a proud
and sensitive race? At this day Poland, strug-
gling in her chains with hopeless desperation, is
answering the question. When I look about me
and see this spacious Hall filled with enlightened
gentlemen, clothed with great power and with
great responsibilities, I am amazed that with all
this concentration of intellect upon one subject,
no means can be devised to accomplish a political
end without converting the country into shambles
and its people into butchers.
How tjie problem may be resolved I know not;
but 1 know that it is not in process of solution
while armies are in the field. While the energies
of men on either side are concentrated upon war-
like measures it is impossible for their minds to
dwell with deliberation upon expedients for peace.
It is no time to argue the terms of amicable ad-
justment with the duelist when his finger is on
the trigger; he must first be invited to lower the
instrument of death. The intellect of our states-
men is now preoccupied with war; their natures,
mental and moral, are under the control of that
feverish excitement created by the contemplation
of the changing fortunes of a desperate and bloody
struggle. Grant them an interval of repose; a
respite from the absolute tyranny that war exerts
over the feelings of mankind, and their thoughts
will revert into a natural channel, and will seek
to unravel these disoidered political meshes with
