786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
of that- banner. There was literally no party.
And when-Congress met here in special session
in the summer immediately succeeding the proc-
lamation, the same unanimity prevailed. Con-
gress then said that this warshould not be prose-
cuted in the spiritof conquest or subjugation, and
it should not interfere with the rights, the dignity,
or the institutions of the States. Congress ad-
journed*, it went home and found a united con-
stituency. What has divided us? i will tell
you, sir. Do you recollect the victory of Fort
Donelson? Iknowyuudo. You recollect with
what rejoicing every loyal heart received the in-
telligence of the success of the Union arms. Two
daya after that victory, a special message was
submitted to the American Congress. What was
it? Congratulating the people on the return of
Tennessee to the Union? Inviting again the
States of the South to renew their love and alle-
giance to the General Government? No, sir. It
was confined to the sole object of the ^abolish-
ment" of African slavery. why "abolishment?"
Why not say M abolition?" Because then the
measure would have been chustened at once
with the opprobrium and contempt it deserved.
An obsolete term, a word almost unheard hith-
erto in the language, must be selected and placed
in this message to discriminate its doctrines from
the disgraceful heresies of that school of fanat-
icism which has so often met defeat with proc-
lamation and made victory itselfalmost contempt-
ible. That was the first tiling that presented
these issues of which Senators complain. Other
measures of a similar character rapidly followed
which have made paity in this country a virtue
and a necessity.
There was an appropriation here at the lust ses-
sion of $1,000,000 for abolition purposes in the
District of Columbia. Who presented it? Who
voted for it? Who carried it against the protest
of the people? The Senators to my right; those
who are complaining about pai ty discussions and
party feeling in this Hall. When did they do it?
When did they propose to squander this vast sum
to gratify the fanaticism of a section with which
they are connected, and for which they claim all the
loyalty? It was when a rebel army was threat-
ening the possession of the capital itself; when,
from the dome of this structure, you might have
seen the rebel flag floating; when five hundred
thousand men were in arms against this Govern-
ment. It was at such a time that these men could
not forget the flesh-pots of Chicago, but must in-
sist upon party action and party legislation. It
is that which has divided a once united people.
There is no other cause whatever. If this war
had been prosecuted in the spirit in which it was
commenced ; if it was now prosecuted with an eye
single to the purpose of restoring nationality, the
people of Indiana, the people of othar States would
requite no draft to certify to a compelled loyalty;
* they would follow the flag of the Union m myr-
iads more countless than those which followed
Peter the Hermit to rescue the sepulcher of Christ
from the infidel.
But, sir, it is because you have abandoned the
original policy of the war; because you have aban-
doned the constitutional mode of a reconstruction
of the Government, that you luive divided the peo-
ple of the loyal States, and that you have again
sowed the seeds of party debate and discussion.
I know it is asked,at such a time as this will you
still continue these wranglings? Let me ask of
these Senators, will they postpone these abolition
measures which have already dishonored and
ruined the country to so great an extent; will they
postpone this thing of buying negtoes and paying
for them out of the public Treasury; will they
postpone these other enormities; will they post-
pone this dnect infraction upon the rights of the
people of Missouri? If they will postpone these
things we will postpone discussion and debate,
not otherwise; and I here make the offer, and I
know that every person acting politically with me
will accede to it, that we bury party; that we for-
get difiViences; that we cease discussion and de-
bate, provided they will cense the presentation and
urgency of these measures with which ihey have
so often hitherto disgraced the country.
It would indeed, sir, be a felicitous thing if we
of the loyal States could look back upon the his-
tory of « oncc united people and say there was no
blot on our escutcheon; that we had never trans-
cended constitutional limits, never stopped to in-
terfere with the constitutional reservation of the
rights of any of the States. That brings me to the
most important consideration in the passage of the
bill—the one I have already alluded to—theeffoct
of this policy of interference and intervention.
Prom the beginning it has been disastrous. If I I
had the power to blot out the words most hateful
to me in the history of my section, I would erase
the words " Harper's Ferrry." We are never
done reading of Federal misfortunes which have
clouded Harper's Feriy; and why? At other
places we have seen the backs of the rebels; there
wc have shown them ours. At other places vic-
tory has perched upon our eagles; at Harper's
Ferry we have had nothing but disaster, defeat,
and discomfiture. It is the place where first was
raised the hand of northern fanaticism against the
reserved rights and sovereignty of a great State of
this Union. It is a spot consecrated to eternal
shame and infamy; it is the " damned spot that
jviil never out." Sumter shall equal it indishonoi;
but Sumter followed. This may be treason; but
it is truth, also, if our record of the Notth was
clear,was plain, was unclouded, with what virtue,
with what force, with what renewed efficacy we.
might go before the world and ask its judgment
in our favor in regard to the present contest. Do
Senators still desire to continue to agitate this most
odious doctrine of interference with the sover-
eignty of the States? Do they still desire to con-
tinue to agitate this dangerous and disgraceful
element in the political history of the countiy?
If they do, let them vote for the Missouri bill.
But, sir, if Senators desire to return to the con-
stitutional landmarks; if they desire to make this
war «pe< ially for the Union and for nothing else;
if .Senators desire to place the merits of this con-
test wholly and solely upon the question of na-
tional integrity, let us defeat this bill; let us say
to Missouri,14 if slavery is an incubus and an evil,
it is one for which the Federal Government is not
responsible; it is one for yhich the people of In-
diana, the people of Virginia, the people of Ken-
tucky, the people of no State in this Union are
answeiable, except the people of Missouii them-
selves." For good or for evil they chose this in-
stitution. They have recognized, cherished, fos-
tered, and supported it; and for one, rejoiced as 1
would be *o hear of its disappeaiance, I am not
willing to lift a finger to tax my people or the na-
tional Treasury in aid of any such eleemosynary
project. We can find other uses for the public
treasuie more consonant with the national honor,
national unity, and national peace.
Mr. WALL. I simply rise, Mr. President, to
give my reasons in brief why 1 shall not be able to
vote for the whole of this bill or for any section
of it. After the able and eloquent speech of the
Senator from Indiana, 1 will not at this peiiod of
the debate and at this time of the day inflict upon
the Senate a set speech. The condition of my
health and my voice would alike forbid it. I be-
lieve, sir, that I speak the sentiments of a major-
ity of the people of my own State when I say that
they are opposed to this bill for veiy many lea-
sons.
I have listened to the arguments that have been
advanced here from day to day, and I have read,
I may say with a great deal of pleasure and I hope
profit, the very able and eloquent speech of the
young Senator from Missouri,[Mr.Henderson,]
but nil that 1 have heard and all that I have read
has failed to remove the conviction that this bill
is not only unconstitutional but inexpedient. But,
sir, whatever might be my individual convictions,
of one thing I am certain, that my people are op-
posed to this bill and to every provision in U.
I shall vote against it, first, because I believe it
to be unconstitutional. I believe that this Con-
gress has as much light to pass a bill appropria-
ting money for the purchase of slaves in the bar-
racoons upon the coast of Africa as for the purpose
of purchasing the slaves belonging to the constit-
uents of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. President, 1 represent upon this floor a
loyal State. The citizens of my State have given
freely of their blood and of their treasure upon the
battle-fields of this Union. The soldiery of the
State of New Jersey have written high upon their
banners the name of almost every battle-field upon
the peninsula and in ftont of your city of Wash-
ington. Those soldiers went into this fight be-
cause they believed that this was to be a war for
the support of the Constitution and the Union, or,
to use the more forcible words of the resolution
offered by my colleague upon this floor in the
session of 1861:
That the present war was for the Union, according to
the Constmuion ; that its object was to save the {otrncr and
enforce the latter—was fo in the beginning, is now as car-
ried fin, and should he to the hist ; tlt.it mcaMttc^ extreme
and radical, disruptive in them-elves, involving in a com-
mon fate as well the loval as the disloyal. should not be re-
ported to ; anil that m ciuMnng treason, wide-spread and
hnleful a si it 1-*. the Government its etf cannot prove tiaitor
to organic law."
These principles the soldiery of New Jersey
accepted as the policy of tins Administration in
carrying on this war for the Union; but I am soi ry
to say that circumstances have occurred since this
resolution was presented in tins Chamber, that
make the loyal soldier in the field, that make the
loyal citizen of New Jersey, doubt whether this
be a war for the Constitution under the Union.
Sir, there have been too many evidences here that
this is not the intention of caning on this war, or
else the acts of Senators in this Chamber do not
speak their thoughts and their political principles.
The soldiery and the loyal citizens of New Jer-
sey have watched the course of this Administration
with a!) exceedingly jealous eye. They have seen
the numerous abnormal acts of the Administra-
tion. They have noticed the illegal arrests that
have been made of their citizens, torn from the
soil of their native State, and carried through that
State into other States, and imprisoned in the bas-
tiles of the Government. Sir, it has awakened
a suspicion that it is not the intention of this Gov-
ernment to carry on the war under the Constitu-
tion, or, to use the more forcible and eloquent lan-
guage of my colleague, that the Government is
about to prove " traitor to organic law."
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not understand my
colleague to say that I used that language as con-
nected with the Government's} action.
Mr. WALL. I cannot say what the object or
intention of* the Senator from New Jersey wai.
I simply quote the language of his resolution, in
which he says that " the Government itself can-
not prove traitor to organic law." Those words
are sufficient; I accept them as my platform; and
I stand heie at all times, on every occasion, to re-
sist any attempt by this Government to place
itself in any such position.
But, Mr. President, the people of the State of
New Jersey are opposed to any measure like this,
not only upon the ground of its unconstitution-
ality, but upon the ground of its inexpediency.
At this hour of the nation's agony, when the very
foundations of the Republic are trembling as with
the throes of an earthquake, and when a financial
revolution seems to threaten us all with ruin and
bankruptcy, they cannot see the wisdom and the
sagacity and the statesmanship of taking with lav-
ish hand $20,000,000 of the money of the people
of the other States for the purpose of defraying
the expenses of the slaves in Missomi, for eman-
cipating the slaves there; foi encouraging, I may
say, an abstraction; because, Mr. President, if
there is ever anything wiitten upon the'annals of
history, it is that this scheme of negro emancipa-
tion, whenever tried, has always proved a most
stupendous failure. England tried itwith her colo-
nies,and what was the result? It was oniyafew
years ago that the London Times, u the Thun-
derer," denounced the whole scheme as a most
wretched failure, and pronounced that the last fate
of that man, the emancipated slave, was worse
than the first, the slave himself. And, sir, that
will be the history in the case now before us,and
in the schenic.3 which gentlemen seem so anxious
to prosecute. 1 call the attention of the Senate
but for a few moments to a passage in a pamphlet
that was only handed me this morning m refer-
ence to this very question, and 1 beg leave to read
from it, and I hope that the Senators on the other
side of the Chamber will <( mark, learn, and in-
wardly digest" what I read:
*{ At thft South, the t'ipc hlaek would suffer Jess from rhd
effects of climate, hut much more fiom the extreme preju-
dice existing tlune tow aid- the black \vh<*a he assume* the
position of an equal. To^uppo^e he could exi*t nndet such
a state of thing'* is to ignore all experience and the observa-
tion of eveiy day- Jn J.imnira. the English Government
■ have troop* to p.otert the heed <hive- now the eneroaeh-
: merits of their old master-; but there it is t>rated, on the
} authority ot the London Tune<. that the hhu-t.^afe not only
| falling below the paint ot civilization attained during their
i >emtude. but in many ea^es actually returning to their na-
! live barbarism and the worship of idols. We have no such
| standing auny here ; but the slave, when m««t
• to the tender of bl* forrmsr
