1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GfLOBE,
31 TH Coxg .... 3D .SESS .
Armories and Founderies—Mr. Wallace.
Ho. of IIrps.
the patient Icibor of the brain. Fiom us, as be-
ing materially the stronger party, the proposition
for an armistice can come with a good grace. Let
wise and just men from all the States assemble in
convention; if then, sir, no honorable peace can
be secured, my faith in human nature will have
passed away.
Sir, before that solemn conclave would corneas
an advocate the ghost of the buried year, with all
its mournful memories, with its hundreds of thou-
sands of ghastly specters, with its record of an-
guish, bereavement, and desolation; and its warn-
ing finger would point to a vision of the future,
in semblance of itself, but more hideous a thou-
sand fold. They would not dare tu mock the
warning. Passion and prejudice would shrink
from the presence of that awful past. It would
not be a gathering of excited partisans, but a coun-
cil of grave men, assembled in the interests of
humanity, in the same spirit of truth-searching
as physicians deliberating to chase away a pesti-
lence. Sir, such a convention would never ad-
journ to renew tin; signal of civil strife. They
might fail lo fulfill to the utmost the hopes of their
constituents; they mightconcede too much on one
side or the other; but never, from theircalm judg-
ment seats, would they launch again the thunder-
bolts of war upon our already bleeding and ex-
hausted couniry.
Sir, you may have observed that I have spoken
without regard to the views of other men, or the
doctrines of political organizations. If I stand
alone, my isolation conjures up no phantoms of
doubt or fear. While my country groans beneath
the stroke of her own dogger, I forswear all alle-
giance to party. Whatever proposition, in my
mind, shall enhance the prospect of peace shall
have my vote. Peace is the goal of my political
course, the haven of my hopes. I care not by
whose chart I steer, or whose hand shall guide
the helm, so that the compass shall point thither-
ward. Whosoevershall raise its standard shall
find me ready to serve beneath its folds. Whoso-
ever shall blazon the olive branch for his device
shall have me his adherent. In whatever shape
the demon of destruction shall appear f will op-
pose him. In whatever garb the spirit of peace
shall clothe her radiant form I will embrace her.
Conciliation, compromise, or separation, each
shall be acceptable to me, if, as its consequence,
we shall be spared the scourge of war. Let the
most zealous emancipationist suggest a cessation
ofhnstihties,and 1 am with him. Let thestaunch-
est member of the Opposition uphold the war, and
I am against him. I have no sympathies with
those who denounce the Administration and yet
call for vigorous hostilities. In my view the ab-
olitionist is a more honest politician and a more
conscientious citizen. He is a fanatic—not a more
time-server; wrong, but consistent in his wrong;
the worshiper of a false god, but earnest in his
adoration. Would that all who denounce htm
were as sincere and as bold in the expression of
their opinion.
I have striven to avoid invec.tiw, but I cannot
repress my scorn for that Anieiiean citizen who,
at such a time as this, fashions Iim words accord-
ing to the exigencies of a party, or in tin mold
of popular opinion. They plead that the people
are not prepared for the naked truth. Sir, m this
ciisis, truth may destroy the utterer, but it may
save his country. Let the friends of peace pro-
claim themselves as such. Let them not fear to
be prematme. This day is not one day too soon
for their lips to assert what their hearts know to
be true, if the people aie not prepaitd, let us
commence the task of preparation. It is a task
already ha If accomplished, for, indeed, the masses,
vvah their unerring instincts, have already fath-
omed the depths of this gieat sea of troubles.
They would welcome reunion for its own sake !
and for the memories of old; or, ifiiievitable, they ;
would accept separation, with a sigh of regret, '
and then push on alone in the broad path of prog- :
ress; for their self-reliant, Anglo-Saxon natures j
would spurn the timid doctrines that the sturdy ■
Ninth, ihf'ir North, built by their energies, and '
with millions of acres yet unreclaimed from the ;
\v ildei ness for expansion, is dependent upon the
South for prospenfv and grandeur.
Sir, for my country's sake 1 have performed a
task that only the most solemn sense of duty
could have induced me to assume. I have given
you my thoughts as plainly as my gift of lan-
guage would permit. For good or for evil, to my
shame or to my future honor, let my words go
upon record, to abide the test of time. No gener-
ous man will accuse me of aiming at popularity,
for all must acknowledge that I have not modeled
my opinions upon the public sentiment; and even
those who think with me will doubtless withhold
the present expression of their approbation. Pal-
tering and equivocation have not been numbered
in the list of accusations which my enemies have
made against me. My motives have been and
will be impugned, and probably for a time I must
submit to be the object of denunciation; but tiie
rushing stream of events will soon efface ttie
brand, and I can wait. I only ask my country-
men to adjudge me, not hastily or in "anger, but
after fair consideration. Neither the ties of re-
lationship or pecuniary interest bind me to the
South; all that I possess, and all that I hold per-
sonally dear are of the North. My course has been
prompted by an intense conviction that the war
policy is ruinously wrong. Reason, instinct, mor-
al nature, and every faculty of man that creates
within his brain a conception of the truth, inspire
me with that conviction, with a rigid, fixed, and
unfaltenng faith that knows no doubt and fears
no refutation. And as the days rush on through
blood and carnage, they leave in their desolate
path the confirmation of my creed. Already the
time seems generating when patriotism will no
longer be invoked as an incentive to destruction;
when, over the graves of heroes, the ruins of
homesteads, and the dreary wastes of devastated
fields, the North and the South shall clasp their
hands, cleansed from the etain of blood, saying
each to the other, "All is foigiven; let what is ter-
rible of the past be sepuichercd with the ashes of
the fallen."
ARMORIES A\I> FOUNDERIES.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. WALLACE,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ik the Houm: or Representatives,
February 2cs, 1863,
On the question o! establishing additional national armories
and I'oumleriCf in the United States.
Mr, WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. The ques-
tion, Mi. Speaker, of establishing additional na-
tional armories and foifcidenes in our country is
one of more than ordinal y impoi tance. It is a
subject that is now enlisting the attention of the
people, and should, in my judgment, receive the
caieful and deliberate consideration of Congress.
I am well aware, sir, that at a time like the pres-
ent, when our Government has been and is sub-
ject to such enoimous outlays m the support of
our Aimy and Navy in subduing this fierce and
foimiilable rebellion, we should not he in haste
in adopting any new measure that may involve
us in additional national expense. But, sir, one
consideration with me in my advocacy of this
measure is based upon its economic features, for
I verily belu vc that a saving to the nation may
be made annually of millions of dollars.
I desire to see our Government adopt a differ-
ent policy from that wlm h has heretofore existed
in regard to the manufacture of arms which the
nation may require for its offense and defense.
The true policy of every Government should be
to rely solely and entirely for arms upon her own
national workshops. Napoleon, that wise and
sagacious statesman as well as general, declared
that—
{'Thc oiiizina! supply of warlike materials with which a
nation begins ho-tiiitien can last hut a little time, and the
great care of every wi&e ruler lias been to make his country
independent m the means of attack and defense."
The sentiment is fraught with wisdom. It is
the enunciation of a principle which should com-
mand the attention of gentlemen upon this floor
to-day. In my judgment it is the imperative duty
of the Government of every nation to establish the
ways and means within itself of certainly and in-
dependently supplying all arms and munitions of
war necessary for the protection and defense of
the people and the Government. It is incumbent
upon Government not only to do this, but also to
see that this shall be done with the greatest econ-
omy, so as to cause the least buruerr upon "the
people, to secure the greatest certainty of suppt^V
to make the most improved^nd reliable artns; to
have them at such central points as they maywitn
the greatest facility be distributed to all parts of
the country, and to establish the national work-
shops where the raw materials can be had the
cheapest and most abundant, and where they wiH
be most secuie from an invading foe.
The peace and preservation of a people depend,
in a greatmeasure,uponthemeansand appliances
of war, which enable them at all times to rope!
external insults and injuries, and to defend them-
selves against internal insurrections, and from for-
eign invasions. The State that is noffully pre-
paied to repute an aggressor and maintain the
dignity and ma jesty of its nationality, is very im-
perfect indeed—unequal to the principal object of
its destination, and cannot long subsist; neither
can it command the respect and consideration of
other nations. The strength of a nation consists
in the number of her citizens, in their intelligence,
thoir riches, their military virtues, and the means
and appurtenances of war which they possess.
Flow stands the case in regard to ourselves?
We have a loyal population of over twenty mil-
lion people; and in intelligence, in resources of
wealth, and in military prowess, we are not ex-
celled by any people on the globe; but in the
means and appliances of war we have been, and
stall arc, sadly deficient. Ourexpeiience during
the past year and a half is very suggestive on this
subject. When the rebellion broke out we found
ourselves with comparatively few arms, either in
the hands of the people or in possession of Gov-
ernment. We had but two national armories, one
of which soon fell into tfle hands of the enemy,
leaving the Government at this critical juncture
d( pendentforarms upon foreign armories" and pri-
vate contractors, and upon one only armory, sit-
uated in a comer of our vast Republic. And in
the midst of our embarrassments our Govern merit
was suddenly placed in an attitude of threatened
collision with Groat Britain; and although the
Trent difficulty has been adjusted, and a war with
England for the time being averted, yet the tone
and temper of the English press etill indicate a
warlike spirit; and the recent proposition of
France for mediation presentsindnbttableevidence
that we receive butlittle sympathy from that quar-
ter. And I think it hardly possible that we can
pass through our present trying ordeal without
coming m conflict with those great maritime Pow-
ers of Europe. For nations, like individuals, are
actuated by interests, which too frequently govern
their principles. And you may rest assured that
whenever it becomes apparent to those Govern-
ments that their interests can be best subserved
by an interference with our internal disturbances,
they will intermeddle with our affairs.
These are considerations which meet us right
here and now, and the question is, what shall we
do? Shall we at once adopt measures commensu-
rate with the occasion, and be enabled as far as pos-
sible to meet such an emergency, or shall we fold
our arms in false security and cry ''peace 1 peace l"
till a foreign war is upon us?
Sir, i am not one of those who court or desire
war with Great Britain and France. A war be-
tween those Governments and jhe United States
would be a terrible conflict, of many years'dura-
tion; and although we might triumph in the end,
yet our commerce for years would be ruined, the
business of the country prostrated, thousands of
lives of our brave men sacrificed, a national debt
of billions of dollars accumulated, and an oppres-
sive taxation entailed upon our children without
any corresponding benefits obtained. But, str,
we must maintain the honor and dignity of our
nationality, and demand that our rights every-
where shall be respected. If'England and France
give the he to the boastful declarations of their
liberal policy, and attempt to interfere with' our
domestic difficulties, and take part with the rebels
in their effort to overthrow our Union and to pre-
serve and perpetuate human slavery, we must fight
them, and, if need be, fight the world in defense of
our freedom and nationality. Jf republican lib-
erty is to be extinguished among the nations of
the earth, let it die amid the roar of cannon and
the shock of battle.
