13.6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
3:7tii Cong....3d Sess.
Armories and-Founderies—Mr. Wallace.
Ho. of Reps.
There is little doubt but that those Govern-
ments desire to see our Republic a failure, and
but wait for a reasonable pretext to assist in its
downfall. We all remember how eagerly Great
Britain seized upon Che Trent affair as a fit occa-
sion for a quarrel, and how soon that Govern-
ment had a powerful armament in the American
waters. I read from the London Times of Jan-
uary 6,1862,10 show what the British Admiralty
had accomplished within sixty days after the
Trent difficulty had occurred:
^Ftve weeks ago Admiral Milne had in North America
a squadron olline-of-battleships consuming of ten firrt-elass
frigates and seventeen powerfully aimed corvettes and
pjoops, all steamers, and mounting in all eight hundred and
fifty gutis^ but in the short space ot five weeks the Ad-
miralty have increased or made preparations for increasing
Admiral Milne's force by adding uvo hne-of-batlle >-hips,
twenty-three of the largest, fastest, an<T heaviest aimed
screw tugatcs, and eight poweiful coivettes, mounting
among them one hundred guns. Some of those vessels have
already sailed, and arc already on the station; others are 011
their way out, and some only await their sailing orders to
start at a moment's notice. Of the squ.idion of frigates,
each vfessel has been carefully choscn for its gieat sailing
speed, high steam power, and heavy armament, and never
yet has such a fleet of picked cruisers been tent against any
enemy. By the beginning of February, Admiral Milne will
have at his. disposal sixtv-five sail, namely, seven line-of-
baule ships, thirty-three frigates, and twenty-five corvettes
and sloops. With Mich a foice a total and most effective
blockade of all the Federal ports could bo established m a
single week. A single vessel at each poit closes Boston
and Portland, and two off rape May would be ample fur the
Delaware river and the trade of Philadelphia Admiral
Milne has already made very complete arrangement* in the
event of war. The Federal cniisei:? off the >outhern coyst
would be mstauti} looked aftri. With the Warrior at Sandy
Ilook, nothing could entei New Yoik.
No effectual resistance could be made to a combined
attack ot our foui iron frigates, m case the British Govern-
ment wished to dictate their own tonus of peace, by laying
the fleet hoaihhic 011 to the sheets of Nov York and lloho-
kcn. This could be done without the smallest iHv to the
iron ships. On the Canadian lake- we do not pn-.;<e>s the
game advantage as. on the Atlantic, hut we can send gun-
boat* ready made, as quick as the northenieis eau build
them, and lather quicker.
<£ Within a week alter the breaking up of the ice m the
rivers and canals, a whole fleet of gunboats, with the mos.t
powerful of the screw corvettes sentoutto Admiral Milne,
will cany the piotection of the Engln-li flag fiorn Montreal
to Deiioi't."
Here wc have the authority of the Times for
saying that the British Admiralty had at that time
nn armament on the American waters carrying
nearly half as many guns as wo have to-day in
all the forts and arsenuls m all the loyal States.
Our Atlantic and lake citics in their present unpro-
tected condition would be completely at the mercy
of such an armament.
Look, sir, at what an extent of const we have
which would be exposed loan enemy in the event
of a foicigu war. Tlnough the politeness of Pro-
fessor Baeho t have before me a table allowing; the
number of miles of coast of the Atlantic and Gulf
States, whichgivea in the aggregate five thousand
two hundred mid sixty-eight <reographicnl miles
of general coast line; but, including indentations
of hays, liver*, lagoons, &c., we have a shore or
water line of thirty-three thousand two hundred
and four miles, besides a long line ofeonstonthe
Pacific, nnd tulakc coast of six thousand two hun-
dred and fifty miles. No nation in the world has
such an extent of coast as that of the United States;
and how are we prepared to defend it in case of a
foreign war ? With such guns as we now possess,
mail-clad steamers like the English Warrior could
pass our forts with perfect impunity, without even
deigning to lespond to our guns. Sir, in my opin-
ion, it bccomcs the imperative duty of Congress
to make some provision to meet this great want
of the nation. Wc must establish national found-
eries, and have many guns cas$t of large caliber,
with which we can break in the sides of those
iron-clad steamers, and then, and not till then, will
our coast cities enjoy any degree of safety.
And how stands the matter in regard to our
means of supply of small-arms? Massachusetts
during the revolutionary war, with a population
of three hundred and fifty thousand, had in the
field atone time fifty-six thousand troops; and the
ex-Secretary of Wai, in his report of December 2,
1861, in referring to this fact, says, " should the
present loyal States furnish troops in like piopor-
tion, which undoubtedly would be the case should
an emergency demand it, they could promptly put
into the field an army of over tinee millions."
This calculation leaves out in the computation the
States now in revolt, but whose loyalty, we hope.
will soon be restored; but for the sake of argu-
ment we will take the round number of three
millions. Then, if we have three million able-
bodied men capable of bearing arms, what facili-
ties have we for making three million guns? I
reply, one only armory and what might be made
by private contractors, upon whom 1 propose to
show presently we should not depend. Granting
to the Springfield armory the highest estimate that
its warmest friends claim for it, when all her ma-
chinery is put in to operations capacity for making
two hundred thousand muskets per annum, and
allowing one million serviceable guns at the end
of the war to be in,possession of Government,
which is too high an estimate, and it would take
the Springfield armory ten years to make the other
two millions. Making no reckoning for wear and
tear of arms, which is estimated at twenty-five
per cent, per annum, I take it, then, that it is per-
fectly obvious to every one that the armory in
Massachusetts is totally inadequate to supply the
wants of the Government.
Can we, then, place in the hands of private con-
tractors such an important trust, which, if badly
performed, may jeopardize the very existence of
the nation? When we look at the manner in
which our Army and Government have been de-
frauded by peculators, we must shrink from the
idea of trusting to private contractors to furnish
the necessary means for our national delense.
Dependenceupon private contractorsforarmsand
munitions of war is too precarious and uncertain
in all respects, as well as too costly, upon which
to lest such an important and vital interest of the
nation. The improvements made of late years in
the power and destructiveness of all arms have
rendered comparati vely useless weapons that were
deemed the very host, perhaps not more than a
((muter of a century ago; and with the many and
experienced minds now laboring to produce and
bring out new inventions, stimulated thereto by
the mijfhty Governments of the Old World, which
act upon the belief that victory is with that Power
having and using the best guns and heaviest ord-
nance, we may icasonably expect even greater
improvements in the armament of nations m the
samo corresponding time to come. Our Govern-
ment should take good care not to be behind in
this effort after improvements, and the only way
to accomplish this is to have a sufficiency of na-
tional workshops, so that by testing and proving
every new nnd promising invention, wc shall be
able to adopt such as prove good and worthy.
The interest of the pri^ftfi contractot is to dis-
courage all change in the character of ai ms which
his machinery is prepared to make, as machinery
is cosily, and every material change necessitates
a corresponding change in his machinery.
The arms, ordnance, and munitions of war
bought by Government from private contractors
and from foreign armories, since the commence-
ment of the rebellion, have doubtless cost, over
and above the positive expense of their manufac-
ture, ten times as much as would establish and
put into operation the armory and foundenes rec-
ommended in the resolution of the committee. I
understand that the Government, from the neces-
sity of procutinga sufficientquanlity of arms, has
been paying, on the average, about twenty-two
dollars per musket, when they have been and could
be manufactured in our national workshops for
one half that money. Is it the interest of the Gov-
ernment to pursue this ruinous policy any longer ?
If not, then let us pass the resolution of the arm-
ory committee, and have a sufficiency of national
workshops established to supply the nation with
arms.
The idea of manufacturing the arms necessary
for the defense of the nation is not a new project.
Washington, in his message to Congress, when
our population was less than four millions, and
at a time of peace, strongly recommended this
same policy; and in conformity with his sugges-
tion the armories at Springfield and Harper's
Feny were established as early as 1794.
The necessity of additional facilities for the
manufacture of arms for the defense of the people
wc find set foith in the messages of Madison and
Monroe, and that at a time when our territorial
domain was much less than it is to:day,and our
population only one third as great. President
Van Buren-called the attention of Congress to the
same subject, in his message in 1837, in which he
says:
"The creation of a national foundery for cannon, to be
common in the setvice of the Ariny and Navy of the United
States, has been heretofore recommended, and appears to
be required, in order to place our ordnance on an equal foot-
in" with that of other countries, and to enable that branch
oftlie service to control the prices of articles and graduate
the supplies to the wants of the Government, as well as to
regulate their quality and quantity and msuie their uni-
foimity, The same reasons induce me to leeommend the
erection of a manufactory of gunpowder, to be under the
duection of the Ordnance Office. The establishment ot a
manufactory of small-arms west of the Alleghany mount-
ains. upon the plan proposed by the Secretary of War, will
conn Unite to extend throughout that country the irnpiove-
ments which exist in establishments of a similar descrip-
tion in the Atlantic States, and tend to a much more eco-
nomical distribution of the armament lequired in the west-
ern portion of our country."
Here we observe that President Van Buren rec-
ommended not only the establishment of a na-
tional armory and foundery, but that they should
be located west of the Alleghany mountains, and
the considerations for so doing are set forth. What
arguments can be offered why it is not just and
right that this should be done ? Surely none. A
very large and important portion of our Republic
lies west of the Alleghanies. It has now a large
and rapidly growing population of not less than
twelve million people, than whom there are none
more interested in maintaining the integrity of the
Union, and none more loyal and true. The proper
ai mingofthispeople will requiremany guns, large
and small. Shall they be made in the East, where
their cost will be greater, where provisions are
dearer,and wherealmostall the materialsrequired
in their manufacture are not produced, or only in
a small degree, and from whence the cost of trans-
portation will be largely increased,or shall Govern-
ment establish her national manufactories where
all the raw materials are native, abundant, and
cheap, and where arms can be made and distrib-
uted at much less cost? Surely it will be deemed
expedient for Government to establish her arm-
ones for the manufacture of small-arms west of
the Alleghanies, when it has already been ascer-
tained by a commission appointed by Government
that there are sites where arms can be made and
distributed at less cost than can be done at any
point in the East.
What reason can be given why it is not expe-
dientto establish an armory and foundery westof
the mountains, at least to tfie extent of furnishing
arms and ordnance necessary for arming and de-
fending that portion of our country? Besides,
Government should not discriminate in favor of
one portion of our country to the exclusion of an-
other. Look at the number of men employed m
the East in our workshops and navy-yaids, and
the millions of dollars monthly distributed among
the people, while no such advantages are enjoyed
by the people of the West, and at the same time
the valley of the Ohio and Mississippi has fur-
nished more than one half of all the soldiers now
in the field fighting the battles for freedom and
constitutional law. Are we to be told that we
shall not have the privilege of manufacturing west
of the Alleghanies the arms necessary for the de-
fense of our own people? Must we look to our
modest friends of Massachusetts to do this work
for us? 1 did hope that gentlemen would not come
here with their minds dwarfed by any selfish no-
tions or local prejudices, but would be able to view
this matter from a high national standpoint, and
act generously and justly towards the people of
the great West, when at the same time in so doing
the interests of the whole country would be best
promoted.
There are, sir, high political considerations in-
volved in this question, which demand the care-
ful attention of gentlemen from the eastern portion
of our country. The West is a vast empire within
itself, and the people will never consent to be de-
pendent upon the far East for their supply of arms,
and be placed in a position where they will be sui>
servient to the people of that section of our coun-
try, any more than they will submit to any inter-
ruption of the free navigation of the waters of the
Mississippi. The patriotism of the people of the
West is confined by " no pent-up Utiea"—they
are Americans at large, and through their Repre-
sentatives upon this floor ask Congress to grant
them a national armory and foundery for the man-
ufacture of arms and ordnance necessary for the
