1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL (3-LOBE.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Emancipation in Missouri—Mr. Price.
Ho. op Reps.
arming of their people and for the defense of their
cities. The proposition is so eminently just and
light that I apprehend it will meet with no serious
opposition in this House.
^ The manner of determining the most suitable
locations is another consideration, about which
there appears to be some difference of opinion. I
am in favor of the appointment of a commission,
as recomtj^nded by thecommittee. The locations
should be chosen irrespective of local or private
interests. And surely gentlemen can be found,
of scientific attainments and competent to make a
selection, whose minds will rise above local preju-
dices, and who after a thorough examination will
be able to decide upon the most eligible sites—the
choice being based upon national considerations
alone.
While I confidently believe that, as a site for a
national armory, no place East or West presents
advantages in the same degree for the manufac-
ture of arms of all kinds as does that of the Bea-
ver Falls, yet [ am perfectly willing that its mer-
its shall be carefully examined by a commission.
Its location is central, affording facilities for speedy
distribution of arms to all points in the West. It
is within three miles of the Ohio river, without
being subject to its floods, with canals leading to
Eue, Pennsylvania, and Cleveland, Ohio, upon
the lakes. The Pittsburg, Fort Wayne, and Chi-
cago railroad passes through it, connecting with
the great network of railroads to all points of the
western countiy. It is within one hour's ndeof
Pittsburg, commanding its resources, and has all
the advantages of mechanics and artisans of that
large manufacturing city, without the drawbacks
incident to all large cities. Its location is in a rich
agricultural country,where all kinds of provisions
are abundant and cheap. It is situated m the very
*tieart of the great iron smelting and iron manu-
facturing region of Pennsylvania and Ol?io._ A
few miles north, on the Beaver, begin the iron
furnaces, which, continuing up the Shenango and
Mahoning rivers foity o.r fifty miles, are enabled
to smelt their ores and make a superior iron with
their raw coal, which is free from sulphur, that
great enemy of iron. It possesses one of the best,
most powerful, and durable water-powers in our
counti y, the land being admirably adapted for the
Application of the water to the machinery and for
the erection of workshops. Coal in great quantity
and of the best quality surrounds it. -Building ma-
terials of all kinds—sandstono, limestone, brick
and fire clays, and Umbei of various kinds—are
abundant and cheap. The site has been twice
examined and favorably reported upon by two
different commissions appointed by the War De-
partment, one as early as 1825, the other in 1842;
but if upon further and more careful examination
there can be found a more eligible site, combining
greater national advantages, there let the armory
be established.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
SPEECH OF HON. T. L. PMCE,
OF MISSOURI,
^ In the House of Representatives,
February 28, 1863,
On the pioposition making an apprupriauon foi theemanci-
pation of the slaves in Mi^souu.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to
this measure in all its parts and mall its beaiings.
I am utterly opposed to the principle on which it
is founded, as being not only subversive of the
Constitution, but destiuc^ive to individual rights,
anil I am now and forever at war with the spirit
of fanaticism and radicalism that has made such a
measure appear even expedient to any members of
this body. It is the same spirit that inaugurated
this ten iblo war, and that would now prosecute it
for the destruction of all individual rights, the
demolition of every constitutional guarantee.
in this woik of teaung down and utterly de-
stioying the most beautiful and glorious fabric
over erected by human hands, the traitors, both
North and South, have labored with a zeal and
persistence, and a devilish unity of purpose, that
woulu have done credit to a congress of spiiifs
damned. They have the effrontery, on both sides,
to boast that they have toiled at this work for a
whole generation; and for these great and unre-
pented sins—this continued effort to commit na-
tional suicide—the good God is inflicting upon us
a terrible retribution.
Do not imagine, sir, that I attribute all the odium
of the great calamity now upon us to the fanati-
cism of the North. This was only the occasion,
yet the guilty occasion, seized upon by the traitors
of the youth to inaugurate their rebellion. For
the leaders who planned and instigated this rebel-
lion; for those southern demagogues who spent
thirty years in plotting and contriving to gratify
their own ambition in the ruin of their country;
for those double-dyed traitors, who two years
ago stood in this Hall swearing fealty and con-
coctingtreason at the same moment, I have no lan-
guage to express my abhorrence. For crimes like
theirs, earth must invent a new name and hell a
new punishment. But the masses who have been
drawn into the support of these men by false rep-
resentations, and who have already suffered a ter-
rible penalty for their ignorance and folly, have
strong claims upon oursympathy. Let the blows
of retributive justice descend witl\ annihilating
power upon the originators of the great wicked-
ness, but save from ruin the instruments of their
crime.
And while, Mr. Speaker, I have no word or
feeling of sympathy or compassion for the south-
ern leaders and instigators of this rebellion, I have
110 disposition to do injustice to the loyal masses
of the North. When the traitors opened fire upon
their country's flag at Sumter, and the electric fire
scattered the news through the whole North, it
kindled such a feeling as never burned in the na-
tion's heart before. For the moment selfand patty
were forgotten; all mean thoughts were hushed or
shamed into silence, and twenty million people
felt and acted as with the heart of one man. It
was not then a war to give freedom to the negro,
but to save the nation's life.
Nor am I disposed, Mr. Speaker, to do injus-
tice to the character of the people of New England,
among whom abolition fanaticism, whose bitter
fruits we are now gathering, had its origin and
growth. For their old resistance to tyranny,and
their long and patient,cnduiance of the hardships
that were necessary to give them libeity; for their
indomitable courage in contending with savage
and civilized foes; for the ceaseless toil and un-
tiring energy with which they have transformed
a region of barren gianite hills into a blooming
and fruitful garden; for the noble patriots and
statesmen they have sent to the armies and coun-
cils of the nation; for the woitdei ful ingenuity with
which they have invented contrivances to give one
man the power of twenty—for all these tilings I
give them honor, and for the last, the record of
their renown is written in the cluonicles of the
Patent Office. But as an excess of many a good
thing turns it into a curse, so this Yankee spirit
of invention—this wonderful and irrepressibledis-
posttion to discover 01 invent some new thing—
kept within legitimate bounds, was blessing the
world with its results, but, suffered to wander
from its proper sphere, has cursed the whole na-
tion. While Yankee ingenuity exhausted itself m
the invention of cotton-gins, power-looms, tele-
graphs, and the like, we all rejoiced aifltgaveit
praise; when it cropped out in such iittle vagaries
as wooden nutmegs, brown paper shoes, and cast-
iron gimlets, the result was comparatively harm-
less, and we merely laughed at it; but when this
mental activity ex hi bite d itself in such moral her-
esies ns witch-but ning, Quaker-hanging, Fourier-
ism, free love, and modem abolitionism, it naiu-
rally induced giave fears as to ihe consequences.
It is tins last moral and social heiesv, sit; this
last ism invented by Yankee ingenuity; this spirit
of modern abolitionism, that is to be the death of
the nation, and the destruction of national liberty
on this continent, unless it can be effectually
checked before it has time to consummate so gieat
a calamity.
At the commencement of our troubles the whole
nation seemed to be of one heart and one mmd.
The object of the war, as proclaimed by the Pres-
ident and announced 111 solemn resolutions by tiiis
Congress, was to suppress the rebellion and le-
store the violated Constitution and laws. The
spirit of fanaticism was hushed for the moment,
and men of different political parties vied with
each other in acts of loyalty and devotion to the
Government. But the inactivity of this diabol-
ical spirit which had so long and so persistency
abused th&southern people and. waged war upop
their social system was only temporary. False) jr
assuming that slavery was the sole cause of th.<i
war, these people insisted that it must be de-
stroyed in order to save the country. For a time
the President held fast to the honest convictions
expressed in his inaugural and fncssages-r-that
the war was waged to preserve the iptegnty of
the nation, to restore, and not to destroy, the laws
and Constitution. But the hordes of fanaticism
were too strong for him; he finally succumbed to
the pressure, and adopted their destructive poli-
cy. And what, -let me ask, Mr. Speaker, has
been the result of adopting the policy of your
friends, the radical abolitionists? You have pros-
tituted the war from its legitimate object, and it
has become a mere crusade against slavery. You
have, first and last, called into the field more than
a million men; you have involved the country in
a debt of more than a thousand million dollars;
you have built and collected a navy which equals
in power that of any nation upon the earth; and
with this immense land and sea force, and the
millions it has cost to produce it, what have you
accomplished? Of the million brave men, most
of them the youth, the pride, and hope of their
country, who took up arms in this cause, how
many could be mustered in health and strength
to-day? Nearly a quarter of a million of those
who went forth to the contest in all the
" Pride, pomp, anil circumstance of glorious war"
are now dead ! In long, grim, ghostly ranks they
He on every battle-field from the Atlantic to the
western frontier; and thousands more, singly or
in groups, are still unbuned on every hill that was
a watch-tower, in every cavern that was a hiding-
place, by every roadside and in every forest whore
brother met brother 111 mortal fray. There they
lie in every mountain fastness, open field, or
gloomy forest, " unknelled, uncoffined, and un-
known." Another quarter of a million have been
incapacitated by wounds or disease for the ordi-
nary pursuits of life, while more than half a mil-
lion portionless widows and orphans have been
deprived of their natural protectors, and stretch
forth their hands to us for aid. What has hap-
pened to us has happened to our enemies, lately
our brothers, with the addition that in many cases
those left at home, as well as those in the camps,
have suffered for many of the comforts and neces-
saries of life.
But the war has accomplished more than this.
Since it was prostituted from its original and legit-
imate purpose to a war for the destruction of sla-
very, you have enticed or driven from their homes
a hundred thousand or more of the poor negroes,
who have become a host of ragged, filthy, home-
less, starving vagabonds—refused shelter and pio-
tection by their false friends, cariying pestilence
in their track—acurscto themselves and all about
them. And this is but a foretaste of what will
happen, if you succeed in your mad designs.
Your false philanthropy, if it has free course, will
destroy utteily the negro race on this continent.
If the southern States could be overrun and de-
populated of their white inhabitants to-morrow,
the negro race, thus set free, would dwindle and
perish faster than the Indian tribes who once pos-
sessed this countiy,
I will not speak of the immense destruction of
property, or of the universal demoralization of
society that must follow the war, except to say
that both these items are far beyond the reach of
human computation.
On the coastof South Carolina, whereourtroops,
under the command of the most radical generals,
have had possession for some eighteen months,
you have pi oved that some things can be done as
well as others. In the place of the cargoes of Sea
l.sland cotton which was to be produced by the
contrabands, you have spent some millions in
masterly inactivity,and we have heard nothing of
the cotton. If istryethat your officers spent some
time in the futile attempt to transform Sambo into
a warrior, while their helpers, the noithcrn mis-
sionaries and teachers, found it an easier task to
induce young Sambo and Cuffy to substitute the
delights of learning for the labor of cotton pick-
ing. These, I believe, are the substantial results
