1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
away from their homes by our armies. Each
negro freed costs half as much as the soldier in the
field to fight your battles. You can only make
him valuable to our cause by letting him remain
in slavery; when freed he is a calamity and ex-
pense to us.
But, sir, I pass from that consideration now.
1 thought when the President first came forward
with his immense scheme of emancipation and
colonization, that its discussion became a lunatic
asylum more than a deliberative body. I think
bo now. I did not believe we should find one
other advocate in America. I have been mistaken.
What is his proposition of which this is a part?
It is to take four million negroes, to free a part of
them by proclamation,and to buy the balance and
colonize the entire number. Any gentleman who
will look at this scheme of colonization for a mo-
ment will see that it is perfectly absurd and impos-
sible.
In 1848 we acquired California. Mines the richest
the world has known; a climate genial as that of
Italy; a soil productive as toil could wish, has
allured the emigrant fiom America, Euiope, and
Asia to its shores. They have drawn from us
thousands of the most enterprizingand intellectual
men and wo men from the continents of Europe and
Asia, thousands of those who seek to better their
fortunes in aland where reality is wilder than fic-
tion. From all these places, in a period of over
sixteen years, less than five hundred thousand
people have located there. Can you hope to send
away the negroes in this country with all your
ships drawn from commerce,and all your vessels
of war, and all theenergies of the white race bur-
dened to the earth? No, sir, you do not; you
know you cannot. You cannot send off this vast
multitude in a century. The persistency with
which the President has held to this wild and in-
sane scheme, and the countenance being given to
it by his party in Congress, has contributed to
destroy the value of your securities in the market;
for sensible men who know ho w to acquire money
will not loan to Government or individuals who
urge such mad schemes. The President thinks
all these things can be done in thirty-seven years.
[ remember to have read, some time ago, a very
ingenious speech made.by the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle,] in which, I think, he
put the period at one hundred and forty-four
years. If I misrepresent him I hope he will cor-
rect me, as I see he is present. Why, sir, you
have not ships enough, nor money enough on the
face of the earth to colonize, in thirty-seven years,
these Africans whom you propose to free; and I
doubt if you can in three hundred years.
It may be that Congress does notintend to carry
out a part of tile President's scheme; it may be
that his own puipose is changed; that he only in-
tends to free them, and cast them upon us, and
leave the struggle to inure here, that has inured
in the countries upon this continent settled by
the European race, of either subjecting them to
bondage or commingling the races. I state, as a
proposition not to be controverted or denied, that
there is, not a country on the American continent
where the negro race has been permitted to com-
mingle with the white race, that the white race
has not fallen and become degraded. They de-
scend to the level of the negro; the negro is not
elevated to the position of the white man. That
is not only true of Mexico, but it is true of Chili,
Peiu, the Argentine Confederation, and all the
niher countries in South America. Wherever that
race has been kept in subjection you find a stable
government, and a more intelligent people. That
is the history of the races upon this continent.
Sir, I believe the President has abandoned the
colonization part of his scheme for the present.
That he is resolved tofiee the slaveseverywhere,
and at any cost of blood and treasure, I have no
doubt. That he is resolved to make them our
equals in political rights, disregarding the Consti-
tution of the United States, and each, or any, or
all of the States, I as fully believe. The evidences
that prove these are abundant, and, to my mind,
conclusive. I will submit a few of these proofs,
and hereafter others.
The Attorney General, at the instancs of the
President, gives an opinion announcing, for the
first time from any national official position in this
country, that Africans born here arc citizens, dis-
regarding the decision of the Supreme Couit of
the United States in the Dred Scott case—the
highest legal tribunal in the land, fie assumes in
that opinion that the question has not been adju-
dicated by (hut court. The question, and the only
question, decided in the case of Dred Scott, is the
one presented by the pleadings in the case; and
that is, that Dred Scott is not a citizen. The
learned Attorney General admits that a slave is
not a citizen; but claims that the slave, not a cit-
izen, becomes one as soon as he is free. The only
way a person, not a citizen, can become one, is
according to the naturalization laws passed by
Congress. The laws confine the naturalization
to whites; and when the Attorney General admits
that it has been adjudicated that a slave is not a
citizen, it seems to me that he does concede that
thst slave can only become a citizen through the
courts by being naturalized. The President, how-
ever,1vanted this opinion for some purpose. What
was that purpose? Evidently for the advantage
and benefit of the " free American of African de-
scent." He has thought of nothing else, wrote
of nothing else, talked of nothing else, dreamed
of nothing else since his election to the Presi-
dency; ant! 1 fear lie will think of nothing else
until our Union is dissolved, our Constitution
destroyed, and our nationality lost.
What use bod he for this opinion i In some of
the States there are prohibitions against the emi-
gration and settlement of negroes there. This
must be overcome. Ho is the man to do it. He
wants to try a few more experiments. Consti-
tutions do not stand much in his way.
I must repeat what I stated the other day, for it j
is necessary to make a repetition in order to bring 1
the facts clearly before the country. In the con-
stitution of Illinois, adopted in 1848, there is a
clause prohibiting the settlement of negroes in that
State. That provision was placed there by a pop-
ular vote nearly unanimous. In 1862 another pro-
vision more stringent and effective was submitted
by a convention to amend the constitution for ap-
proval, and in June last that was adopted by a
vote of two hundred and odd thousand to forty odd
thousand. If a similar proposition could be sub-
mitted now more stringent than either of the others
I think it would get a majority of two hundred
and fifly thousand. There is no division of senti-
ment among our people on this subject, and I am
ready to defend the opinion entertained so unan-
imously in Illinois. Last year, a general by the
name of Tuttle telegraphed to Mr. Stanton to
know what he should do with a vast number of
negroes he had at Cairo in that State; and Mr.
Stanton replied in substance to him, send them
out into Illinois and at the public expense whole
ever parties will agree to take care of them. They
disposed of that batch and distributed them over
our State by military dictation and in violation of
our State constitution and laws. Our people were
a good deal excited aboutthisoutrage.andas there
was an election pending in the State, the conduct
of this mere clerk to the President, his chief clerk
in the War Office, doing some mischief to their
friends, soon after this order came, and the batch
on hand being disposed of, Mr. clerk telegraphed
Geneial Tuttle to send no more contrabands into
Illinuis until further orders.
I assume that this clerk did not act in this mat-
ter without the direction of his superior. I take
forgranted theorder to send them in, and theorder
to stop, came from the President. Thus emanat-
ing, it is to be .presumed Mr. Lincoln knew he
was violating the constitution and the laws of the
State by sending them there. While I do not give
the President credit for much information I must
insist he knew this. He had lived in Illinois from
early manhood, till he came to Washington to as-
sume the duties of Piesidcnt, and tell over his old
vulgar stories. Ho had mauled rails in Illinois.
Ho had kept a grocery there, practiced law there,
been in the P,lack Hawk war, (and in that war lie
h-arned his mighty military strategy,) been m the
Legislature there, came to Congress from there,
and I wish to God he was back there now, and we
had some citizen with thoughts and intellect and
love of country superior to his, with thoughts
elevated above the negro, who would devote his
thoughts and soul to save a Union dear to us, and
a Constitution priceless in value. If the ship of
State can ride out the storm with a commander
and crew seeking to beach her, until we can place
intellect and intelligence in command,andan hon-
est ci ew aboard, constitutional liberty and national
unity will be perpetuated.
But, sir, we have only a temporary sttspen/ji^il.
The military authorities in Missouri send by the
force of arms the negroes of their citizens that
they free into the State on one side, while the
army ofTennessee is sending them upon another;
and all this, I presume, is receiving the apprp-vaf
of the Executive here. A single instanc? I pro-
pose to give, coming from the State af Misjouq,
the State asking this appropriation. As I find the
case well stated in a newspaper fro^n the placfl
where the occurrence took place, I will avail .my- #
self of its possession to read it:
" Qu Thursday last a squad of some twelve or fifteen
soldier;#, having in charge a family of eight or ten ncgroes?
appeared at the ferry landing on the opposite side of th§
river, and demanded of Captain Renfrew, commander of
the terry lioat, Uie transportation of the negroes across the
river into Quincy. Captain Itenfiow refused, for the re ~
bon thai the laws of Missouri imposed a heavy penalty for
convex ing negroes out of the State, and for the reason, also*
that the laws of Illinois impoi.ed a heavy penalty for bring-
ing negroes into the State. Captain Ta>lor, the owner of
the feiry, was preheat at the time, we understand, and pro-
tested against the u*e of the lei ry boat lor the purpose, aa
he too would he subject to penalty in either State, 'fhe
commander of the squad, with revolver in hand, threatened
to shoot any one who should attempt to untie the cablo of
the boat, when Captain Ileniiow delibetat<-l\ walked ns horo
and ca&t loos« the cable, and returned to the boat. Mr.
George Holt, the pilot, hud himself down in the pilot-house
for security fiom the balls of the soldier!?, if they should bo
oidered to fire, and the engineer put on steam, and placed
himself on the outwaidsidc of the boileia, and the boat was
undei headway from shore without the negroes. Forsome
reason net explained, the sold te is reserved their fire, btfcfc
threatened to return the next morning with sutlieientforeo
to Insure the passage of the negroes into Illinois. They did
not return, however, as threatened.
"On yesterday afternoon a company of thirty-ft v« or forty
soldiers were down from Palmyia, and while the fen-y boat
was lying at the Mtssouii shore, arieatcd Mi. Mills, super-
intendent of the Quincy and I'almyia railroad, Captaii*
Renfrew, and Mr. Unit. Mr. Mills, we learn, was soop re-
leased, but Captain Renfiow and Mr. Holt were taken tt>
I'almyra, without the shadow of law, for what purpose we
know not. They have violated no law of Missouri. On
the contrary, they refused to violate the lawsof either Ml«-
soim or Illinois and for ihat refusal ihoy were forcibly
seized by a gang of soldiers and eariied to Talmyra, perhaps
thenee to be sent to Fort La Fayette or the old Capitol
prison. Captain Renfrowand Mr. Holt arc both respectable
citizens of Quincy, and aie law-abiding men. Mr. Holt,
we learn, is a Republican, and of course, according to Re-
publican belief, is perfectly loyal. Thcc are substantial?/
the facts m iclation to tins affair, as far as wc have beon
advised."
JUr. HENDERSON. What paper is thatf
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Quincy Herald.
I know myself of their coming therewith negroes
and threatening to shoot the captain and pilot if
they did not bring them across the river. Sir, we
are entitled to some protection there. We are en-
titled to be freed from this curse being cast upon
ns. It is part of the plan undoubtedly—of course
[ make no allusion to the Senator from Missouri
in this—to transport the negroes from the State
of Missouri as fast as they are free, into the State
of Illinois. Our people have said that they would
not have this population among them. The prop- #
osition is now presented to us to tax our people
for the purpose of making the militia from tha
State of Missouri violate our laws and imprison
our citizens. Now, sir, we complain of this. I
say it in all kindness; for there are between the
Senator from Missouri and myself old ties of
friendship and party association. When 1 have
been heretofore pressed m political conflicts, ha
lias lent me his kindly aid.
Mr. HENDERSON. We were kicked out of
the party at Charleston together.
Mr. RICHARDSON. But, sir, 1 have aright
to complain and I do complain of tins. The sol-
diers from Illinois with their bayonets helped to
drive from the State of Missouri the secessionists
who threatened to overrun and take possession of
that State. Their bones lie bleaching on all the
battle-fields in that State. Those fathers and those
mothers who have lost their sons think it is but
poor compensation to send back negroes m their
■ I places and ask us to pay three or four hundred
!] dollars apiece for them. The relatives of those
:j who have fallen think it hard that the pittance left
i1 shall be taken from them in taxation to pay for
!| the purchase of negroes.
I I have some of the evidences for the belief I have
expressed, that the President intends to give at
whatever cost equal political rights to the negro
with the whites. IJiave noticed no public meeting
in our State ofeither political party—and there have
been numbers of them since the"recommendation
of the President on this subject—which has not
condemned the policy of buying the negroes in
