m
AfPESTDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2f,
31th Cong....3d Sess.
Colorado Territory—Mr. Bennet.
Ho. of Reps.
of the occupation of Port Royal and the adjacent
islands. .
Now, sir, I say that the war itself, and the ca-
lamities and miseries that haye come -With it, are
attributable directly or indirectly to the influence
of northern radicalism. I charge your party, sir,
with first provoking the war; then failing to pre-
ventitby refusing to agree to just and liberal terms
of compromise; and, finally, wiLh laboring to pro-
tract it for the single purpose of destroy ingslavery.
I will not attempt to say what share of the guilt
lies at their door, but when inquisition is made
for blood, let your canting hypocrites, who sigh
and groan over the fancied sufferings of the slave,
at the same time that they fill .their pockets and
cover their backs with the products of slave labor,
look to their skirts, for, as a just God reigns in
heaven, these men must bear a full share in the
responsibilities of this bloody war.
The measure now under consideration, which
purports to be an act to aid Missouri in the eman-
cipation of her slaves, is only one partof the grand
Scheme of the abolition radicals, and as such 1 am
opposed to it in all its features. It is butachcat,^
a delusion, and a snare, " that keeps the word ot
promise to our ear, and breaks it to our hope."
I am opposed, sir, to receive as a favor that
which is an injury, but which lays mo under an
obligation in the future. I am opposed to receive
as compensation that which is no compensation,
but which will add $,90,000,000 to the burdens al-
ready imposed upon the people. The compensa-
tion offered by this bill, if reduced to gold, would
not amount to an average of seventy-five dollars
for each slave, a sum far less than many of them
earn in a single year. No, sir! We'll have none
of your Dead sea fruit, that is so pleasant to be-
hold, but turns to nshns upon the tongue.
I do not say this, sir, because 1 fear to lose the
value of the few slaves i possess; I say it because
1 am opposed to the whole principle of compen-
sated emancipation. If the accidents of war take
away some of my slaves, or if the safety ot the
Government and the peace of the country require
them all to be given up, I will make the sacrifice
without a murmur. But 1 can afford to lose them
much better than some of my neighbors can afford
to pay for them, and I ask no such gratuity fiom
any one.
The some may be said of nine tenths of the
slave-owners of Missouri. They" can betterafinrd
to part with their slaves uncompensated than their
poorer neighbors who own no slaves can afford
to pay for them.
Nor would 1 be understood as opposed, under
all circumstances, to making Missouri a free State.
On the contrary, if the slaveholders themselves,
almost all of whom now in the State are loyal,
shall ti<?ree upon some plan of gradual emancipa-
tion, that will give time to secure suitable homes
for the slaves when they are free, they shall have
my hearty concurrence in the measure, and we
will ask nothing of the Government, except the
use of some of its idle ships to transport them to
some friendly shore, where they may have a
chance to grow into a respectable and independent
nation, instead of being utterly annihilated by
constant collision and competition with the white
race.
It is uiged by the advocates of emancipation in
Missouu that we must get rid of slavery in order
to invite immigrants to come in and settle up our
unoccupied lands, thus adding to our wealth, and
increasing our ability to pay the just demands
against the State. They assert, too, that the
sooner this is done the better it will be. for all par-
ties. Those who may be honest in this opinion
have been led into agrossand ladienl error. Sup-
pose the slaves of Missouri, numbering now, as 1
think, not less than ninety thousand, should be set
free within tin- next six months, without any pro-
vision being made for their future livelihood, what
would be the natural and inevitable consequence ?
The State would be overrun by nearly a hun-
dred thousand black vagrants,stealing where they
could, and besging from door to door for the means
to preserve life. The more able-bodied mid cn-
terpiising might wander off to live or staive m
other communities, but the lazy and helpless, the
old and infirm would remain by thousands, de-
pending for a. precaiious support upon pnvate
charity or municipal regulations. Is it reasonable
to suppose that such a state of things would fur-
nish inducements to bring the right kind of people
among us? Would it not rather rear up a black
wall upon our whole border, driving away those
who might otherwise choose Missouri for their
future home? If, on the other hajid, the people
themselves, those who areinterestedinslave prop-
erty,and in the future welfare of the slaves, should
determine that after a certain period, no matter
whether ten or twenty years hence, the system
should be abolished in Missouri, it would become
practically a free State from the moment of mak-
ing such a decision. Such a plan, with proper
regulations for colonizing and giving homes to the
manumitted slaves, would keep the State free from
the curse of black pauperism, and offer tenfold
greater inducements to those who might be dis-
posed to choose their homes among us. No
greater evil than immediate emancipation could
befall Missouri at this time.
But there is another reason, Mr. Speaker, and
to my mind grave and powerful, why this sub-
ject should not be meddled with in Missouri just
at the present time. The Legislature now in ses-
sion in that State (and I speak it without the
slightest disrespect to that body or any of its
members) is not a true exponent of the public
will; it is not a fair representative of the senti-
ments and wishes of the people. The election
held last November, and which returned the mem-
bers to the present General Assembly of Missouri,
represented about one-half of the legal voters of
the Stute. I say nothing of those who disfran-
chised themselves by disloyalty, and who were
unwilling to take the prescribed oath of allegiance
before voting. There were many thousands, sir,
as loyal as yoifor I, or any member of this body,
who were kept from the polls simply because
they were not strong enough upon the nigger
question. Ifa man could not appreciate the vir-
tue, if he could not agree to the policy or neces-
sity of the President's proclamation, his chance
of voting in many places was small indeed. The
election in many parts of the State was held under
a system of military surveillance, that made it the
merest mockery of what we undeistand by free
suffrage. Thousands were kept from voting at
all unless they would consent to vote for partic-
ular candidates, and thousands more were pre-
vented by threats of future discipline by local pro-
vost-marshals from even going to the places of
election. Altogether, it was the broadest farce in
the way of a free election that has been exhibited
since the day on which Louis Napoleon was
chosen Emperor of the French.
It is not likely, sir, that one fourth of the slave-
holders of Missouri were represented in that elec-
tion, and 1 doubt whether the emancipationists in
the Legislature own,collectively,ahundred slaves.
Are these the men whom the substantial prop-
erty holders of Missouri would delegate and au-
thorize to dismember tile whole framework of
society, to inaugurate another social revolution
to still further desolate our distracted and war-
cursed State? No, sir. If we must have a change,
let us make it in our own way and ill our own
good time. Let those have a voice in the matter
who arejuost deeply interested in the issue. You
need liOTe nofear that slaveholders will resist the
popular wiil. They will only seek to protect
their constitutional rights, and make the change
in sneh mode as will not bring a double cursc
upon the white and black population of the State.
We are fighting, sir, to restore the violated Con-
stitution of the whole country, and while en-
gaged in this we do not wish to destroy that of
our own State. The same constitution that gives
me a title to a slave, gives my only title to my
house and lands, my horse, my coat, and my hat.
If 1 am to be tricked out of one I may be robbed
of the others with equal reason.
It is either the sin or the misfortune of the radi-
cal abolitionists, that every effort they make un-
der pretense of benefiting "the negro, only results
in making his condition tenfold worse. They
would now turn from house and home in my State
a hundred thousand of these poor, helpless, im-
provident creatures, to become a curse to them-
selves and all around them; and still go about
with a complacent smile, boasting that they had
given liberty to a host of captives. Look right
at home, Mr. Speaker, and ask yourself if this is
not true. Look at the crowds of ragged, freez-.
ing, half-starved contrabands that throng your
streets, ai\d die by scores like rotten sheep in the
suburbs of the capital, and answer if you think
you have blessed these poor wretches with the gift *
of liberty!
But, sir, the new programme for the subjuga-
tion of the South, which I hear talked of, lets in
a flood of light upon this simulated l ve of the
negro. I understand, sir, that the thing is to be
done upon a Scripture plan, if not with Scripture
authority. According to this scheme, which takes
the conquest of Canaan by the Israelites as a
model, the Federal forces are to be greatly in-
creased, and organized as armed colonists. A mil-
lion or more of these are to march down upon
Dixie, overcoming everything by the mere force
of numbers, killing or banishing the whites, and --
parceling out the lands and negroes among these
modern Israelites; the slaves to go through acourse
of apprenticeship under their new masters. If
that should happen, God help the poor negro !
With each penny counted, and each task graded
by the depth of Yankee cupidity, how long do you
think our poor slaves would live under such an
apprenticeship? It is notorious, sir, that when
the southern planter wishes to hire a sharp over-
seer, he looks about to find one who comes from
the shade of the Green mountains, and it is well
known that the famous Harriet Beecher Stowe
had recourse toasouthernized Yankee as the only
proper material with which to create the monster
of her Uncle Tom's Cabin.
But, sir, this Scripture analogy, about which
the advocates of armed colonization prate so nvach,
may hold good in more respects than one. The
vast multitude that are to start on this expedition
may find a journey of forty years, with a whole
generation buried in the wilderness, and if their
leaders should finally catch sight of the promised
land, their followers will still find that "Jordan
is a hard road to travel."
This plan would be simply laughable, if the sub-
jectitself was not too serious. I may be allowed,
however, to wish these expeditionists a good time
in their efforts to colonize the South, and when
the million of armed colonists from Yankeedom
have driven the people all out of Dixie, and have
entered upon the quiet possession of their lands
and negroes, may I be there to see.
COLORADO TERRITORY.
SPEECH OF HON. H. P. BENNET,
OP COLORADO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 28, 1863,
On the natural products, mineral resources, and future
prospects of the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. BENNET. Mr.Speaker,intheshorttime
allotted to me I desire to confine myself mainly
to speaking of that locality upon our country s
late maps known as Colorado Territory. In so
doing I believe I can effect more for the welfare
of our country in this trying hxjur of its history
than by treating of the general topics of the ijgty
which have been so often and so ably considered
by the best minds in the nation since the outbreak
of the rebellion.
Colorado Territory is more familiarly known
to the newspapers of the day as the Pike's Peak
gold-mining country. It is located about six hun-
dred miles west of the Missouri river; bounded
on the east by the State of Kansas, on the south
by the Territory of New Mexico, on the west by
Utah, and on the north by the new Territory of
Idaho, now just warming into life by the action
of this Congress. It was formed out of the Ter-
ritories of Kansas, New Mexico, Utah, and Ne-
braska, and organized by act of Congress the 28th
of February, 1861. It lies between 3TO and 410 of
north latitude and between lO^5 and 109° of lon-
gitude west from Greenwich, and contains one
hundred and four thousand five hundred square
miles. Asa mining country, settled and occupied
by the Anglo-Saxon race, it dates from the fall of
1858. In the summer of that year a few adven-
tuiers and explorers from eastern Kansas and the
Slate of Georgia, under the leadership of Greene
Russell, an old Georgia and California miner, fol-
