790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
these border States. We think in Illinois that if
the people of Missouri are tired of the institution
of slavery, Missouri should do as New York,
as New Jersey, as New Hampshire, and as Illi-
nois herself did, abolish the institution, and suffer
the loss among her own citizens. There is no rea-
son, there can be none urged that I can see, why
our people should be taxed to pay for slaves which
the Senator says the people of Missouri are will-
ing to set free. He has the example of all these
other States, and he has but to follow those exam-
ples, and they will become free.
There are many reasons why 1 do not want this
bill passed. I might state—and I ought to have
the evidence with me, but I find I have not—that
while our provost marshals that they call on us to
pay ill Missouri 
Mr.POWELL. Will the Senator give way for
an adjournment in order that he may obtain those
papers' If he desires it, I will make that motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 h<ive no objection. ,j   -     - . ,w,
M.- PAVVPT T The 5Vnfilf>r fmm Illinois has li til(; rase. I will never case to uifze my countrymen to taKt
i. FOYVhLi,. 1 he bt nator Mom Illinois nas |i ( fehuo i|i(_ in rtef(Mls0 ot our in(lcieasil)lc
not got some documents to which lie wislies to n rlgi,ts. Hence, if w,ir does come, it is invar of bclf-deien&e
refer, and I will therefore move that the Senate }j on 0m part."
Hdjourn. !! He adds, in the same speech:
The PRESIDING 01* FJCER, ( Ml . MoRIUI.L ; . J, for nmlmion forme* in a divided eoun-
nor President could resist. I take issue with you,
gentlemen. You are responsible for the division
in public sentiment. If there are discussions lead-
ing to insubordination m the Army,youhave pro-
duced them, not we. Until I saw the President's
proclamation I was upon the stump every day in
Illinois urging our countrymen to maintain the
Govei nmentand the Constitution. In my speeches
prior to the proclamation I made no assault upon
the Administration; I made no issue with thePres-
ident. Since the proclamation was issued, in all
my speeches I have denounced it as destructive of
both the Constitution and the Union.
Judge Douglas, in his speech before the Legis-
lature at Springfield in April, 1861, made use of
this remarkable language:
" Hence I repeat that t am not prepared to take up arms
or to sanction a policy of oui^Governmciit to take up arm-?
to make any war upon tiie rights of the southern States
1U lUUIW, UUJI  t«^-   o  f, . ■ , i. ^ itiw * . vs   v ,
upon their domestic in^inmons, upon their lights ot per- • nujge standing in the midst of this mighty revo-
enn or monfrtv: but, on the coutiuiy. would iuhi to their ( [ . ^ " ■
SfZlSiitilic^onnsj!, Hut while that is |. lution, whnti the C<
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, lesulted—yeas 10, nays 25; as follows:
YEA^—^Davit-, Harding, Kennedy, Nt^mitli,
Powell, RielinulsoiijSau^buiy. Tuipit*, Wall, and Wilson
of MU^ouii—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold,Clark, Oollamrr, Cow
an, DoohttI'*, Fet-sendon, Foot, Foster, Grime.'s, linilnn,
Harris, Henderson. Howard. Howe, Kinir, Lane ot Indiana,
Line of Kaiwis, Morrill, ?ounirov, Sumnci, Ton UycK.
Trumbull, Wilky, and Wi^on ofMa-sachu^etts—25.
So the Senate refused to adjoin u.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr.'President, iti&^id
that in times like these we should have no Hms
, In the same speech, lie says:
I « So far a* any of the partisan qu^tiorts are concerned,
i ! <-tand in equal, eternal, and unliving opposition, both to
! the Republicans and to the secessionists."
1 Ho said there could oniy be " patriots and trai-
j tors." PatnotN aie tor preserving the Constitu-
! Lion; traitors arc for its destruction. II<* died,
1 believing that the Republicans, Iilce the Demo-
| r.rats, had given up their parly creed and their
- paity organization, and weie standing for constt-
: tutio'nal iibeity. Ue died under the firm convic-
tion that he surrendeied ins party organization
alluded a moment ago to the fact that he and I
! weie driven out of the Charleston convention,
t% kicked out of the party," as lie says. Well,
sir, we had a pietty good number kicked out with
us; and I wish to say right heie, in reference to
that matter, that against those men in rebellion I
have as strong prejudices as any man in America.
In my opinion they violated party faith. They
now seek to overthrow the Constitution of the
country. Iam for putting them down; not by
proclamations and resolutions and loyal speeches.
But, sir, while I am for putting them down, I am
not for surrendering any right that I have under
the Constitution. When 1 talk about rights under
the Constitution, I mean those rights that belong
to men who are not attempting to overthrow and
destroy it.
Mr."President, if heretofore during the progress
of my iifel have been guided by passion and iro-
he midst of this mighty revo-
    ... >untry is struggling for exist-
nee, I ought to know no passion and no prejudice;
I ought to forget them; and in this Senate here
to-day it is my duty to forget. Sir, I have talked
of these things because they seemed to force them-
selves necessaiily along with the consideration of
this matter.
a short but candid
lemen who seem to
dom will die when
important for them
to"know. Let mo say to them—-and i say it not
unkindly—the public sentiment has condemned
you, your policy, plans, campaigns, actions, and
all. You have lost the public confidence, not by
misrepresentation, but as a fair judgment on your
acts. Thisisclear. You have done this yourselves.
We could not control the popular will; for, if we
could, Lincoln nor none of yon would have been
in positions where you have done so much mis-
chief; we would have, beaten you in 1860. You
are beginning to understand this; and I think in
j two years you will fully comprehend the matter.
nip'in Uvit res nee t w htc h'we mi.'ht° to mutate'""! H iuul str>od by coulltl"y>reatiy t0 defend it, and j! You want to know how you are to get soldiers,
Sal, ni i '>S™"1'Vjlhlr if (hey 11 that the Republican party were willing to do the alld lmw to Mrry on the war. 1 will tell yon. Let
,u-p nni iiwnnnnihle for all this dtvis- ii s«me tlimg. He declared to their party measures j jl]r Lincoln recall h is proclamation of emancipa-
tor) So io "• ns vViM01 bore to m-"0 vt>ur par'v ii eternal a.fd undying hostility. You, gentlemen, jj tlon iU „nce. He has L much power to recall as
measures von h-id no division The Senator fmm > 110w come 1'< 'w"rtl wul> measures infinitely worse h |)e |,as t0 jssue lt. Let him not delay a single day.
Mii'liiiran t Mr Howard! cha'rffed the other da v !i llmn 1111 y yoa Pl'0l'n!,0(l in any of your party plat- , Repeal your confiscation bills—those bills that cost
ihtri^ H ''0,ms P"orto'the election, an,1 yoa find fault with j! lls Ps0 ,>uch and give us nothing good in return-.
ocrouo leaders were responsible for this division li us *• do "'f cl7°sf. !i bll.ls that add  n,,ually !mndrefs °ff
in the country. 1 desire to say to that gentleman ii owc t0 thu country, to the Constitution, and
now that all the leaders upon ihe face of the < ai th
could not have controlled or induced ihe people
to favor the measurew which have been brought
forward for action here, and tlm meaHnres of the
President of the United States. Sir, they would
laise up leadeis from their own midst to guide
them. My colleague will bear me witness that
in the contest in Illinois last election they had ail,
or nearly all, of our old leadeis; and yet our peo-
ple were so determined to pieserve the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to pieserve the Govern-
ment itself, as their faihess had made it, thatrhey
disiegarded leaders. The strongest man who had
cooperated with on was not able to carry with him
into the opposition, or the Administration party,
a single man anywhere.
But, sir, if we will turn back a little in our his-
tory, if we wiil recur to the position which all
parties occupied eighteen months ago, we shall
have no difficulty in determining where the re-
our manhood, and let you do whatever you choose
j; to say is necessary for the Union.
ii But, sir, let me call attention to another speech
m.ule by him—the last he ever made. Speak-
ing of the secessionists, he says:
" The slavery question is a mere excuse. They use the
frlnveiy question as a means to aid the accompli&hmcnt of
their ends "
L>ut, sir, he says:
" We must not invade constitutional rights. The inno-
cent must not sutler, noi women and children be the vic-
tims. Savages must not bo let loose, iiut while I sanction
no war on Uie lights oi utheu, I will implore my eountiy-
men not to lay down then aims until oar own are reeog-
nized.1'
You deny the rights of patriotic men, loyal men
to the Constitution South; you do notrecognize the
rights of Democrats any where. We stand in oppo-
sition to you, and shall so stand until the last one
driven from office. Constitu-
of your cieed is
tional liberty is not safe in your hands; Govern-
Bponsibihty ou^ht to be placed/The President mcnt is not safe when you administer it; you can-
of the Untied Stales in his inaugural address KCud not be tlusted with money, even. There we stand.
There is where Lincoln and the Republican party
profeesed to stand at the outbreak of this rebel-
   > t   .   lion,or immediately afterwards. You depart from
summer following, declared that they would not the platform on winch youthen stood; youaban-
intcrfere nor interpose m any icspect in reference | don it; you bring forward measures, as I believe,
• '• • '*   -■ '•   I'.,.. ,t.. i. jn ^j0|ation of the Constitution, detrimental and
that he had no power ever this institution of sla-
very, and did not intend to exercise any. Both
branches of Congress, at the called session of the
dollars to our expenses by paying officers that do
' nothing but draw their salaries and give nothing
i m return. Proclaim to every one in rebellion to
j lay down their arms; that the rank and file of their
i army shall be forgiven,and find hereaiter, as they
j liQve found heretofore, protection ample and com-
j plete for their persons and property under the Con-
! stitution in theUnion of their fathers. Ifyou adopt
| this course you laise armies, procure money, pre-
j serve the Constitution, and save the Union. Lin-
| coin's policy and measures, if persisted in,lead to
! division, destruction, ruin, the loss of the Union,
\ the destruction of the Constitution, the overthrow
i of the Government itself. In any other Goycrn-
i mcnt than this the popular expiession of opinion
would have influenced the rulers to change their
policy. Under any other President than Mr. Lin-
: coin a change would have been made in this coun-
! try. You cannot carry on an immense war here
;! for objects and purposes to which nine tenths ot
^ the people are unalterably opposed. It is impos*
' sible. I believe to-day'that a majority of the
\ people in every State in the Union except Massa*
i chusetts is opposed to a war for the emancipation
; of the negroes.
j The electionslast fall were but the first of what
j will be a long succession of condemnations of this
i Administration. Wo had no patronage to bestow.
to it; that the war should be prosecuted for the
supremacy of the Constitution and the laws. You
departed from that platform; and now you turn
round and any to us, " you are creating parties
i ruinous
because we object to them. You say
'! ing party questions; that we are not patriotic to
and bringing party questions for discussion' in the l| the country. The Senator from Michigan the
country." You Republicans quote the name of ,j other day intimated that probably we were not
the illustiious Senator from my Slate, whose suc-
cessor I am on this floor, in opposition to the po
eition assumed by us. Sir, I stand to-day, m ref- |i President of the United States, or anybody else
erence to all those questions, precisely where he My devotion to the Constitution and the Union
stood before his death. If he were living now he |j is not exceeded by his or anybody else'B. My
would be in deadly hostility tG all your views, and u efforts to preserve that Constitution and that Union
instead of being m this body acting with thirteen I. have been as straightforward, as direct, and as un-
.. u l*.* .. O crttrt U.\ ■•■..itlil ] > i-\ /t i f li n llnofl /- (' . n n /\m .\ Ka/1 tf
or fourteen SeuatoVs, he would be at the .head of ii yielding as his or anybody else's
a party in this country eu&h as neither Senators Sir,my frutaMm'uul [Mr.HenbSksGV'] L qUtn
uiii OI Li.e uimmuuuuM, u^mnuua, ««« ; We had no power to awe the timid. Truth, the
to the country; and you complain of us justice and wisdom of our course, was all we had
we object to them. You say we are rais- |j to offer. The President has trusted the promises
j of fanatics like Governor Andrew and Greeley.
1 They have deceived him. They will always de-
! ceive him. He issued his proclamation foreman-
; cipation, armies did not come, victories did not
■ crown our arms; defeat, disaster, has followed
' the act. Though incalculable mischief has been
! done our cause, he can yet retrace his steps and
j help to save something of that magnificent Gov-
j eminent temporarily committed by a credulous
, and confiding people to his charge. He will np-
very loyal to the countiy. Sir, in that respect
I stand the peer ond equal of that Senator, the
1 pear in histoiy either as a statesman or a harle-
1 ! qttfn. The la&t ch&ntB fov hie of thn^e
