1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
positions is now presented. If he chooses to ac-
cept the choice of statesman, let him come forward
at once and say, I have been deceived, I have been
mistaken; for my-country I will abandon errors, i
will correct mistakes; I have been in error, I have
been mistaken; I will change my policy, my ad-
visers, and endeavor to redeem, as far as possible,
in the wext two years, the errors and mistakes of
the last two. If he fails in this, he goes into his-
tory for his stories and his anecdotes, told while
millions of his countrymcn were struggling upon
the bloody battle-field to save the Constitution and
institutions of their fathers.
The time at which this proposition is brought
forward for this radical change is not appropriate.
No mischief will be done to Missouri by defeating
this bill. She has her slaves. Lether keep them un-
less herpeople want to set them free. Great wrong
will be done to other sections of th^country if
you pass the bill. In my State, in public meetings,
the people have resolved that they would not pay
taxes for this purpose. Suppose you give peace
to Missouii, and give revolution to Illinois: do
you gain anything in power by that? We have
in the field to-day over one hundred thousand
soldieis; and I can with pride say you have none
better anywhere else. You have two hundred
thousand men there to draw from to fill up your
Army if you lose this one now in the fifld. It
you drive our people into rebellion because they
conceive that they are paying taxes (hat are not
warranted by the Constitution of the United Suites,
instead of helping the cause of the country, you
injure it. A portion of the people from Missouri
have been drawn off into the southern army and
a portion of them have to be leit at home to keep
the peace and keep the rebels*away, while from
our State we have sent our troops everywhere
throughout the land where tioops were needed.
There were other points 1 wished to present,
but, as I had not the evidences here, I shall have
to forego now the privilege of doing so. 1 have
given reasons satisfactory to myself for opposing
this bill, and why I shall oppose kindred meas-
ures. My position, I am sure, will be sustained
by two thirds of the people of the State of 1 Ihnois.
After a few more fleeting days your power m Con-
gress will e^ase forever; and our people are look-
ing forward with fond hope to the time when, in
the other end of this Capitol, other interests are to
be cared for besides that of the negro. We must
endure till then the action of those condemned by
public opinion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment, as amended.
Mr. F15SSENDEN. What amendment is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.* It
is all in one.
Mr. POWELL. Was there a vote taken on
the amendment striking out one year
The VICE PRESIDENT, there was; and
it was negatived.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I desire to offer
one other amendment,to insert as a new section:
And be it fui thcr enacted. Tint no part of Hie bond- hor^i n
specified f-hai! be .loltveied until the act of the Legislature
or the constitutiondl convention of tUe State of Mi-;-0'iri
providing for th«> emancipation oi the slaves inlaid Sute
shall be submitted to a vote of the people and appioved by
a majoiitv of the legal voters of said State.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask for the yeas and
nays upon this amendment.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to make a iVw remarks
in favor of this amendment. Sir, from what is
known to the country, and from what we have
heard to-day fi om the S.-nator from Missouri and
others, wc know that at the present tune the people
of Missouii cannot, unless this question should be
committed to them directly, have an opportunity
i?f. !j
slaves in that State, that it should be accompanied
by some condition to take the sense of the people
of that State as to whether they desire this insti-
tution to be abolished or not?
Gentlemen on theothersideof the Chamber are
much in the habit of saying that this is a slavehold-
ers' lebeiiion. I do not concur with them in that
assertion. I believe itis more of an abolition than
a slaveholders' rebellion. They assert further that
this institution of slavery is an aristocratic insti-
tution. If they believe that, I hope they will come
up to our aid and assist us in passing this amend-
ment to the bill, so as to submit the question to
the votes of the people of A4 issouri whether or not
they will have the institution of slavery abolished
in that State. I trust Senators on that side of the
Chamber do not desire the institution of slavery
overthrown in the State of Missouri unless the
people of that State desire that it should be over-
thrown. if that is their conviction, then they
should vote for the amendment that is proposed
by the Senator from Missouri.
We all agree, and we are all constantly in the
habit of asserting the theory, that this is a Gov-
ernment of the people: that itis a Government
based upon the consent of those who are governed.
That is a truth which I suppose none will con-
trovert. That being so, how can any gentleman
withhold his vote from this amendment? None
will be so bold as to assei t that thei e was not some
military inteiferenee, at least, with the elections
in Missoui i at which this Legislature was elected.
The people of Missouri are the only sovereignty
which, m my judgment, should decide this mat-
tor. Sovereignty, under our system of govern-
ment, abides with the people, and with the people
alone. If this Congress shall pass this bill, Lavish
them to submit this great and important question j
to tiie decision of the people of Missouri as to |
whether they want your $^0,000,000or not. To ;
be sure, they shall never get $20,000,000 or twenty ]
million cents byany vote of mine for thisuncon- j
stitutiona! purpose; but, sir, if you are determined J
by this kind of cry that is raised here to carry this ;
measure through, for God's sake let the people be
consulted Do not leave it to the Legislature who
many think were elected by force, by fraud,and
in violation of the laws of the State of Missouri.
I trust, sir, that this amendment may be adopt-
ed. It ousht to be adopted if the bill is to pass.
It is hut us:ht and just that the people of Mis-
souri should be consulted upon this mattei. I shall
not enter into a detailed atgument against the bill
at the pre-sent time, because when all the amend-
ments have been passed upon and the bill is about
to be submitted on its final passage, 1 propose to
discuss at length the entire bill: but 1 put it to
Senators on the other side of the Chamber to
know whether or not they are willing to allow the
people who are to be most affected by this bill to
say at the polls whether or not they will interfere
with this domestic institution in their own State.
I know it has been a theory with those Senators,
and was iricoipoiated m their Chicago platform,
that the people have the exclusive right to control
their own domes' icaffairs. I desire that the peo-
ple, in taking action upon a measure of such grave
moment to them, should be permitted an oppor-
tunity to say whether they will take twenty mil-
lions and give up that institution, or whutherthey
will preserve the institution as it is. I shall say
no more at present upon this amendment; but I
hope that it may be adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON". Mr. President, ordina-
rily 1 would be vei y far from opposing an amend-
ment of this sort; but 1 desire to state to (he
Senate that the proposition itself may defeat
everything like a constitutional amendment being
made by any one of the modes provided by our
constitution. The Senator from Kentucky has
relied very much upon the woidmg of oui prcs-
not within the given time he submitted propeily
to the people and the Constitution be amended.
Now, a proposition is made to requite a consti-
tutional amendment to be submitted to the people
when the constitution itself does not permit it
one of the modes provided for amending the
small minority,of the people of the State of Mis-
souri alone elected the Legislature that is now con-
vened in the capital of that State. It is known, too,
that the military interfered in some instances with
the elections in that State. It is believed by ama-
!i co^Uutiom The "constitution provides that an
would not have been ^^mancipation Legislature amendment may ^0 Proposed by ^sln ure
inMUsmni With all these faets befoie us, is it by a two-thirds vote, ami tin next on , ir a
«ot jast and*proper, before we pass a law civi.-.gr | adontait by a■ two-lhn™bmittXiu
ao.uooo Of the public money to the State of j, ^7pi of the
lissouri for thu purpose of emancipating
constitution. The mode find manner of amendiftg
the instrument is prescribed. Now, suppose '&
new convention be called; I apprehend tlifat thi
Legislature of the State of Missouri is bett#r
qualified to determine whether this question ought
to be submitted to the people than the Senator
from Kentucky or myself. I am one of the, last
men in the world to take any po.vei- from'the
people. If 1 am democratic in anything it is ih
that. But, sir, this amendment may defeat the
very object which it apparently desires to accom-
plish, and therefore 1 am against it/
I call my colleague's attention also to tiie fact
that in this amendment he provides that it rrnlsft
be ratified by a majority of the "legal votcrs"'of
the State of Missouri. How does he know who
they are? A great many of our voters in the State,
as he or some other Senator has told us this even-
ing, are in the southern confederacy. He does
not say a majority of those voting upon the prop-
osition, but a majority of the legal voters of the
State. Why, sir, that is impossible for him or
for m©> to ascertain at the present time.
Hence,! say the onlv' object of the amendment
—1 will not say object—tiie effect of the amend-
ment is to defeat anything like a constitutional
amendment, anything like a law, anything like a
true ascertainment of the will of the people upon
the subject. I have purposely left all the details
of the measure to the Legislature or to the con-
vention that may be called in order to take it into-
consideration. 1 shall not withdraw from my ori-
ginal views upon thi-s subject. It is best to be
left to them They understand it better than Sen-
ators here can possitdy understand it, and there-
foie 1 hope the amendment may be defeated.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. 1 will remove the
objection of my colleague to the amendment, in
part, by substituting for the words " majority of
legal voters," the woids" majoi ity of those voting
at the election."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
be. allowed to so modify bis amendment, if there
be no objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Missouri
tells the Senate that it would be impossible under
the piovisions of the constitution of his State to
submit this question to the people. With great
deference, I differ from the Senator. Sir, if you
amend your constitution by a convention of the
people, what binders the convention from submit-
ting their amendments to the people tor their rat-
ification or rejection? That ha* been the mode
pursued by nearly all the States with the consti-
tutions they now have. 1 know it was the case
with our last constitution in Kentucky, in 1850.
The conventioif agreed to submit the new consti-
tution to the vote of the people. They did bo
submit it, and an overwhelming majority of th«
people voted for it. Then the convention reas-
sembled and proclaimed it as the constitution. It
seems to me, therefore, there can be no difficulty
in this matter, if you amend the constitution
through the instrumentality of a convention.
If you amend through the instrumentality of
your Legislature, there can be no difficulty; for,
as I understand the constitution of Missouri, one
Legislature must pass the amendments, and a
Legislature thereafter elected must pass them
a«ain by a two-thirds majority before they become
a°part of the constitution. What would hinder
the Legislature which first proposes the amend-
ments to the constitution declaring that the polls
should be open, and that the people should vote
whether they were in f.ivor of them or not? There
would be nothing to prevent it; and in that way
we could get the"sense of the people on the sub-
ject. There is no difficulty in obtaining the sense
"of the people under the constitution of Missouri,
in my humble judgment. I nm sure that a Le-
gislature that was elected subsequent to the pro-
posing of amendments by an antecedent Legisla-
ture would defer to the will of the people, and
never would repass them if they were submitted
to their people for their votes and they were re-
jected. The Legislature that passes the amend-
ments originally certainly have that power. There
can be no doubt about it.
But, sir, the Senator says he will defer on or-
dinary oceasions to the will of the people. If
there ever was an occasion when the will of the
people should be deferred to, this is the one. You
could not propose to the people of Missouri a
graver subject for their consideration; and, with
