THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
great deference to the Senator, let me say that it
Is doubted whether the Legislature now there
truly rcpresents-the will of the people. Why not,
then, allow the people, before this law shall take
effect, to-say whether they wish it or not? None
can be against such an amendment except those
who despise the will of the people. They may
say what they like; but it results in that, that
th^y are afraid to trust the people with their own
affairs. Ho astuteness of the logician, no power
of the rhetorician, can extricate Senators from
that position.
The Senator sa^s further, you must leave all
that with the Legislature of Missouri. I should
like to know why this Congress, when it is giving
$20,000.000 ofthe people's money, have not some
Jittie right to say at least the conditions upon
which it shall be given. The Congress of the na-
tion are about to pass a solemn decree to give
$20,000,000 of the public money for this purpose.
Have they not a right to annex to it a condition
that this money shall not go out of the national
Treasury, unless the people of Missouri shall say,
by a majority of their votes, that they arc in favor
of the projet; that they favor the scheme which
Congress desires to inaugurate? The Senator
would certainly give his people the poor boon,
the poor privilege of saying at the polls whether
tfeey will accept these $20,000,000 from the Treas-
ury of the United Suites for tlte purpose of eman-
cipating the slaves in the State. That is all the
amendment proposes. 1 cannot sec how any Sen-
ator who desires to obtain the behest of the people
of that State, can withhold his vote from this prop-
osition. If we refuse to adopt the amendment,
it will bo saying directly and distinctly that we
Will do this without the people of Missouri being
consulted upon it; and the reason why we limit
it to one year is that they may not have an oppor-
tunity of passing upon it.
Why,sir,Senatorson all sides must know that
this Legislature was not elected by the fair and un-
biased suffrages of the people of Missouri. They
are confident that if the people of Missouri should
ever be permitted to have a free, unbiased election,
with bayonets removed from the ballot-box, they
would decree ngainst this infamous intermeddling
in their affairs by the Federal Government. The
people of Missouri arc a bold and a gallant peo-
ple. They have the capacity, they have the ability,
t have no doubt, to manage their own domestic
affairs in their own way, without the abolition
intervention of Congress. Let them do as other
States have done if they wish to get clear of their
slaves. It is a matter of their own business; it is
a matter of their own concci nment. If the people
of Missouri desire the abolition of slavery, it is a
matter of their own concernment, and I ceitainly
shall mnke no objection; but when they come to
the national Treasury and demand $20,000,000 of
money of the hard onrnin/js of a grievously op-
pressed and overburdened people, as one of the
representatives of the States i have the right to
make my solemn protest against it, and I should
be recreant to my duty if i did not. There is no
valid reason why this amendment should not be
adopted. In my judgment, only those who are
afraid to trust the people of Missouri in a free elec-
tion to manage their own affairs in their own way,
will vote against it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is not
my intention, upon this amendment, to enter into
the general discussion of this question. I may,
perhaps, take occasion upon the final passage of
the bill, to submit some views in reference to lis
constitutionality and to itsexpcdiency. I content
myself now simply by saying that radical changes
in the conditions of the people should not be
rashly or inconsiderately made; and least of all
should they be made unless they arc called for by
the public opinion of those whose interests will
be affected by them.
We have been told by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Henderson,] and the measure seems
to be advocated by others on that ground, that
this measure will give peace to Missouri; that in-
stead of her people being divided in their councils
and in their attachment to the Federal Union; in-
stead of the lamentable spectacle now being pre-
sented of one portion of that people being arrayed
on the side of Federal authority, and another por-
tion arrayed on the side of confederate authority,
.peace will return to that distracted State, and the
iOVH of union will throb and pulsate every heart.
I submit to you, sir, when we consider the nature
of man, when we look at the condition of that un-
happy State, thatsuch a proposition is wholly un-
reasonable. Peace to be brought to distracted Mis-
souri from abolishing that institution which it is
said upon this floor is the cause of a large portion
of her people flying to arms 1 Peace, the heavenly
dove of peace, to return to that distracted State
by doing that which the leaders in the confederate
government proclaimed you would do if you had
the power, and in anticipation of which they took
uparms against the Federal authority! Sir,is this
the nineteenth century in which we live ? Have we
forgotten the lessons of the past? Has reason for-
saken her throne ? Has judgment fled from men's
minds that thus we can trifle with our understand-
ings; that thus we can delude ourselves into an
imaginary existence, which, when the stern re-
alities of the future shall stare you in the face, you
will see is the most awful, most lamentable piece
of legislation ever enacted by the Federal Con-
gress? The continued agitation of the slavery
question for the last thirty years has culminated
in revolt and in secession; and now we are told
that in order to do away with that rebellion and
to end the efforts of the secessionists it is neces-
sary that you should do away with that domestic
institution!
Mr. President, if this Congress were wise—par-
don me; I speak in no disrespectful sense—but if
our legislation was wise, we should not pursue
one single step further m legislation in reference
to these delicate and sensitive questions. Your
legislation already has aroused a spirit of opposi-
tion, not only in the southern States, but in almost
every State in the Union. You not only treat as
muight the warnings which come up to you from
Kentucky, from Missouri, from Maryland,'and
other slavcholding States, but you treat as naught
the solemn warnings given to you by gentlemen
from non-siaveholding States as to the effect of
this policy upon the national peace. I appeal to
you, sir, is not the Senator from Illinois, who has
for so many years been intrusted with the confi-
dence of his people, to be supposed to know some-
thing ofthe state of public sentiment ill his coun-
try ? Are these warnings to pass by you as the
idle wind which you regard not? Already the
mutterings of the distant political thunder may be
heard, and the dashes of the vivid political light-
ning may be seen, which may place the entire
North in the same condition that the unhappy
State of Missouri is in to-night. You have heard
the representatives of States that have ever been
loyal; States which have furnished their full quota
tosuppoit your nrmies in the field; States that
have never refused men or money; you have been
warned by them that the state ofthe public mind
is feverish; that the people arc taking the alarm;
that there are breakers ahead; that there is danger
m the not far distant future; and when these sol-
emn warnings come up in truthful uttetance and
strike upon your ears; when you see the legisla-
tive bodies of States, as in the case of New Jer-
sey, solemnly considering the question, and per-
haps already adopting icsolutions that they will
lepudiate your debt, and mainly on the ground
that it has been contracted, not for the purpose of
prosecuting a legitimate war, but for the purposes
of emancipation and abolition; I ask you, sir,
when these alarming facts stare you in the face,
will you tieatthem as idle words, or will you take
warning in time ?
Sir, let us have peace where we have peace now.
Let not the angel of discord come within the coun-
cils of those States which are now at peace, if
there must be war, if there must be strife, if there
must be bloodshed, let it be confincd to the un-
happy regions which are now being desolated by
contending armies. Let not revolution be inau-
gurated where it does not now exist, but in time
by wise counsels avert such an unhappy fate.
But, sir, I have said more than I intended. I
meant simply at this stage of the debate to speak
in reference to the amendment offered by the sen-
ior Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Wilson,] which
I think is just and wise. If it be true that the
people of Missouri desire the abolition of slavery
in that State, they will indicate itaj.a fair popular
election. Would you, sir; would any man not
living in Missouri, undertake to mold and shape
the political and social institutions of that State
contrary to the sentiments of the people of that
State ?
The right to regulate the political institutions
of the States is solemnly reserved to them in the
Federal Constitution. Every living luminary of
the present day in the political woild; all 4iiegtcat
political lights which have gone out in death, year
after year, from the foundation of this Government
to the present hour, have solemnly declared that
this is a right reserved to the people of th.e States
themselves, and to them exclusively. Your Wcb-
stcrs, your Clays, your Wrights, and all the great
men that preceded you held this doctiine. Even
the leaders of the present Republican party of this
country in former years maintained this doctrine;
and even at so late a period as the last session
of Congress they declared that Congress had no
right, neither was it the wish or the intention of
Congress, to interfere with the political institution
or social condition of the several States. Whence
this changg, sir ? Why this change ? It is said
that it is to give peace to Missouu, that it is to
strengthen the bands of the Union. I submit this
question, sir, to you, and to the Senate. The
proposition now is distinctly made to this body
to take the sense of the people of Missouri in ref-
erence to this proposition; and if you deny ittyhat
will it be said was the cause of that denial. That
in the face of your plighted faith, in the face of
the solemn declarations on your legislative records,
you arc not willing that the people of Missouri,
the legal voters of the State of Missouri, should
regulate their own domestic institutions in their
own way. That will be the inference.
Sir, suppose you pass this act, and it is con-
trary to the judgment of a majority ofthe people
of Missouri, will you thereby give peace to them ?
No, sir, you will arouse passions in their breasts
that will cause many of those who have never yet
taken up amis against you to fly to arms to avenge
what they consider an outrage.
I know nothing in reference to the State of
Missouri further than I can learn from the public
press and from gentlemen from that State, but I
judge the people of Missouri as I would judge the
people of my own State, the people ofMaryland,
or any other State. As few slaves as we have
in the State of Delaware, if Congress were to
undertake, without our consent, to abolish that
institution in our midst, I firmly believe that you
would arouse passions in the breasts of a major-
ity of our people, as loyal a people as ever lived
m the United States; and why? It is a principle
violated; it is a right denied; it is a right tram-
pled upon; and we all know that the instinctive
promptings of the human heart cause men to fly
to arms sooner to assert a principle than for any
other purpose whatever.
But the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hender-
son] seems to think that it is impossible, under
the constitution of Missouri, to take the sense of
that people upon the question. Why, Mr. Pres-
ident, what is to hinder the present Legislature of
the State of Missouri from passing an act submit-
ting this very question to the people of the State?
Mr. HENDERSON. That does not make it
a part of the constitution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The gentleman says that
does not make it a part of the constitution. I ad-
mit it; but 1 will show him the advantage of such
a provision being submitted. Suppose the Legis-
lature of Missouri should pass an act at its pres-
ent session to take the sense of the people of that
State upon this question, and a majority of the
people of Missouri should decide in favor of it; it
is true that that would not thereby become part
and parcel of the constitution, but it would be a
justification to that Legislature,elected under the
circumstances which we have heard here to-day,
to pass an act forcallinga convention of the peo-
ple of Missouri that they might incorporate it
into their constitution; or, if they did not choose
to call a convention for that purpose, to pass an
amendment to the constitution by legislative en-
actment which could be confirmed at a subsequent
session of the Legislature of Missouri, accord-
ing to the provisions of the constitution of that
State.
Now, sir, if it is peace you want, if it is to
render Missouri satisfied, if itia to make her peo-
ple adhere closely to the Federal Union,give tnem
an opportunity to express their own wish upon
this subject; and when a majority so decides, no-
body will have a right to complain; because if a
majority of the epople of the State of Missouri
wish to abolish slavery, I do not presume that
