1863.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'M
JYtii Cong....3d Sess.
Indian Policy—Mr. Windom.
Ho. op Reps.
or buffalo grass. The absence of rains in the fall
season leaves this grass to cure without cutting,
and it affords the year round, winter as well as
summer, the best of pasturage for cattle ©f all
kinds. They fatten at all seasons of the year,
and our markets are constantly supplied with fine
beef and mutton made on this kind of fare. It is
the common practice of freighters and teamsters
to (urn out in the fall season their travel-worn,
maimed, and useless cattle to feed upon the
" range" until spring, and then drive them to mar-
ket fine fat beeves.
From its dryness, cool, and even temperature,
this country is peculiarly adapted to raising sheep
and wool growing. In the Park San Luis the
Mexican citizens aheady have large flocks, num-
bering thousands in a flock, which they raise not
so much for the wool, the sheep for that purpose
being but a poor qualify, asfor the mutton which is
their principal meat. We have no driving " north-
ers,"as in Texas, to scatter, and no drenching
rains-,as in Kansas and Missouri, to destroy young
and enfeebled stock. No labor is required to cut
and save forage as in most other stock-raising
countiies, only a shepherd to guard them by day
and " pen the fold" at night is required.
I am only stating facts without coloring or exag-
geration in the least, and 1 ask what is wanting to
make this a very superior wool-growing and stock-
raising region. There need be no fears of its ex-
haustion very soon, for a country that has sup-
ported such immense herds of buffalo and antelope
as were found upon the plains, from time imme-
morial, can hardly fail to supply all the domestic
stock introduced there for long years to come.
Its elevation, pure air and water, the absence of
the great extremes of heat and cold, found in the
western States, its lakes, fountains, and streams
of pure waters, its hazy plains and high wrought
mountain scenery, made up of grand verdant
mountains and high snow-covered peaks, form a
country and a landscape that inspired the pencil
of a Lcuizc, and challenges comparison with the
sunny plains of Italy, and the wild sublimities
of the Alps and the Appenines.
"Oh there is sweetness in the mountain air,
And life, that bloated Lat-e can never hope to share."
But, Mr. Speaker, I mifist hasten along. While
cnuvm rating the many superior qualities of this
rich domain of the General Government, I must
not forget to speak of the patriotism of us people.
Far removed from the seat of war, occupied as
they were at the outbreak of the rebellion in get-
ting sold, a passion that is supposed to absorb
all others, it would not be expected that this peo-
ple would eaie much for what was doing or to be
done in the distant States of the Union. They
discovered the countiy without the aid of tho
Geneux! Government; they settled and occupied
it not only without Government aid or encourage-
ment whatever, but in direct conflict with its stat-
utes, which prohibits any citizen from going or
settling upon Indian lands. They dwelt there, a
people of thirty thousand, with their families, their
flocks, and their all, for two years and more be-
fore Congress would deign to notice them, except
b-y threats to expel them from the country as tres-
passers. They dwelt there for two years unpro-
tected by law, thegieat hardships of which no one
can know until he feels it, as unhappily thousands
and tens of thousands of our feliow-citizens are
now realizing it in the southern States, unpro-
tected by law, except such as i hey were unto them-
selves, and surrounded by twenty thousand In-
dians who were as liable to rise as Indians else-
wlieie. I Say  under such circumstances, was it
to be expected that this people should care for the
troubles afar off? Had they not cares enough
neai ei home?
Notwithstanding all these things, they did care,
as they do now care, and as they ever will care,
for the Union of these States; and then, as now,
they were willing, if'need be, to crowd the way to
death in defense of the Union and the old flag. The
lax, the draft, the proclamation, the conscription
have not and will not alienate them, nor cau&o them
tofaltei in the great woik of tins age committed to
this nation, to maintain the cause of civil and re-
bo-ious liberty. This great end must be consum-
mated, and whatever stands in the toad must be
s w
son
/epUnvay. Tu this end you will find the free
ns of the mountains of Colorado determined on
to the letter, and to the last. A first regiment of
troops was early raised for the war, soon followed
by another, and now a third is nearly full, re-
cruited in a Territory not exceeding thirty-five
thousand souls. Has any State in this Union
done better or jnore for the cause; has any Ter-
ritory done as well? The mettle of its-troops was
tried at Apache Canon, and other fields in New
Mexico, against some of the very best of the
rebel troops, and it was not found wanting in any
regard. And this day there are nearly three thou-
sand of the hardy sons of Colorado, with their
knapsacks on their backs and their arms all ready,
awaiting orders to march from the Territory on
to any field that he who directs the Union arms
may command. Patriotic citizens must not only
fight for, but they must cheerfully submit to oner-
ous taxes to maintain the Government.
Now, the people of my Territory are in the main
descendants of those who battled for liberty and
equal rights m the days of yore. They are mostly
of that race of men who, sooner than submit to
"taxation without representation," fought the
eight years fight on that principle alone; and yet,
to-day, this principle in this Territory, as well as
every other Territory of the United States, is vio-
lated. The Federal tax-gatherer is just as well
known in all the Territories as in the States; and
withoutfull representation in Congress, thf  people
of my Territory, to-day, are paying the same rates
of taxes that the people of any State of this Union
do. Again, your statute-book is very meager of
any laws for the benefit of this people, unless you
except the few appropriations made to pay the sal-
aries of the Federal officers you have sent there to
rule over them.
With a country so vast, filled with all things
that go to make up the wealth of a great State,
occupied by so patriotic a people, suffering so
much neglect, not to say wrong at the hands of
the General Government, is it reasonable to ex-
pect that they would longer desire to remain in
territorial bondage; or is it asking too much of
Congress, for the dignity and patriotism of this
people, to give to this promising young common-
wealth the opportunity to become a sovereign
State of this Union ? "Weaie with the Union and
for the Union, unhesitatingly and without con-
ditions; and we desire to get into the Union that
we may, as a people, in the fervor of our zeal and
patriotism in the good cause, be more immedi-
ately under the protecting folds of that starry ban-
ner and that staid Constitution, which are alike
(he emblem and the bond of that Union and that
Government that, more than all others, has fully
recognized and demonstrated the fact that man
has the right and the capacity for self-govei nnieut.
We me with you as a people, doniK> and in-
tending still to do, all things pan lotism is required
to do or to suffer; standing by you ever steadfast,
ever true, in maintaining now and always our
Government, yourGovei nment, the people's Gov-
ernment, the Government of man—the hope and
last great hope of the wot Id.
Mr. Speaker, I have said nothing yet about the
bill now before the House to indemnify the Presi-
dent for suspending the wnt of habeas corpus, nor
do I intend to occupy the floor except foi one mo-
ment longer foi that purpose. I think it needless.
These are the theme.-- thu* sung so oft hclore,
Methmks wo need not <1112 them any more;
Found in so mam volume*, fat and near,
Theie's no oceaMOi. you should fond them Ju re.''
And I will content myself by saying that I be-
lieve the President to be honest, patriotic, and
true, and that he believed he was acting for the
best 111 suspending tile writ of habeas corpus at the
time he did it.
If it is pioper to suspend the writ in case of in-
vasion or insurrection and great public danger, or
in any case whatever, pray tell tne when, in the
history of any nation, was there ever more occa-
sion for doing it than when it was done m this in-
stance? If Congress has the power to do this, and
the President has not, why was it not so cleaily
stated in the Constitution that there could be no
caviling about it? Congress is not at all times] 11
sessioi^ but the Executive is: and as imminent
perils to the State, rendering it necessary to sus-
pend this writ, may arise when Congress is not in
session, my opinion is that a fair construction of
that instrument would give this power to the Pres-
ident in the absence of Congress, and when the
same is not regulated by law.
All honor, we say, to our patriotic President, be
he right or wrong in the law of this matter, for
he acted from pure motives, and we have as little
to fear as a free people from usurpations of his as
our forefathers had from Washington.
"While Washington's a watchword such as ne'er
Shall sink while there's an echo left to air."
INDIAN POLICY.
SPEECH OF HON. W. WINDOM,
OP MINNESOTA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 28, 1863,
On the outrages committed by the Indians on the people of
the State of Minnesota.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, when the his-
tory of this dark and bloody period shall he writ-
ten, its most appalling chapter will be that which
records the lute Indian atrocities in Minnesota.
I do not hope to convey to your minds any just
conception oT the unparalleled outrages commit-
ted by these savages upon the people of my State,
but I earnestly solicit the attention of the House
to a few facts upon which we base our application
for redress, and for such measures as shall guar-
anty our future safety. The details of this sav-
age outbreak are so revolting that 1 shrink from
the attempt to present them, and would gladly
excuse my self from the task, did I not believe that,
amid the intensely exciting events of the present
gigantic rebellion, they have been to a great ex-
tent unnoticed and unappreciated, or forgotten.
Had such crimes been perpetrated during a time
of general peace, the whole country would have
thrilled with horror, and our" appeal for redress
and protection would have metan eager response
from every member on this floor.
The theater of this most fearful tragedy com-
prises an area of more than seven thousand square
miles of our western frontier, nearly all of which
has been ravaged and depopulated. The charred
and mangled remains of over a thousand of our
murdered people he scattered over those now des-
olate prairies. The pioneer's cabin reduced to
ashes, and thriving villages smoldering in ruins,
mark the path of this tornado of savage fury.
Had demoniac rage glutted itself with the destruc-
tion of property, or even the wholesale massacrc
of helpless innocence, I might hope to give you
some idea of these dreadful scenes; but massacre
itself was mercy in comparison with the fiendish
excesses which accompanied it. Little children
by scores were literally hewn to pieces. Their
brains were dashed out against logs arid sides of
houses. They were tied in pairs by their hands,
slung across fences, and left to perish; or nailed
alive to tables and door-posts, in the presence of
their parents, while their captors amused them-
selves by throwing knives and tomahawks at
them, until death released them from theiragony.
In some instances,after having murdered the par-
ents, the savages plac« d babes in cooking-stoves,
built fires, and left them to loast to death. In
one case, eight small children weie locked in a
close room, from which there was no escape, and
left to linger out their miserable existence th lough
all the fearful agonies of thirst and starvation,
until death ended their sufferings. Unborn in-
fants were torn to pieces and the ^.deeding frag-
ments dashed upon the face of th?nying moiheK
Every species of ciuelty and outrage winch fiend-
ish malice and brutish lust could suggest were
pei pet rated upon the helpless captives who feil
into their hands. The fairest portions of our State
were converted into a pandemonium, where rape
and murder noted in unrestrained license, and
devils incarnate reveled in blood.
Dr. Burleigh, Government agent for the Yanc-
ton agency, on the Missouii river, who recently
arrived in this city, thus speaks of the sufferings
of certain captives whobe release he secured
through the aid of friendly Indians, tic oaysi
Tlie^e captives were taken at Lake Ohcuc, in Minne-
sota, by Sauiitee Indian?-, headed by U lute Lodge and
Sleepy Eye--, during the recent massacres in that .State.
They were compelled to drive ox teams- the enure distance
ftoin the place of their enpture to the point on the Missouri
river where they were i adorned. The dwtanee i-* Ostuna-
