1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
there is any man in the United States, whether he
bo a slaveholder or opposed to slavery, whether
he be in favor of or opposed to that institution,
who will raise the least objection to it. Certainly
no one outside of Missouri would have a right to
raise any objection to it.
Mr. H ENDERSON. The Senator from Del-
aware thinks that it may be very wrong, highly
improper, indeed, to interfere with any of the in-
ternal affairs of Missouri. I desire to ask the
Senator from Delaware if he does not think that
the adoption of an amendment here which would
compel them to amend their constitution in one
of the ways in which they arc not permitted to
amend it under the presentconstitution, would be
interfering: with their affairs?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly if we adopted
an amendment here which would not allow them
the privilege ofamending their constitution in then-
own way, that would be interfering. But the
Senator will bear in mind my position,>that the
adoption of this amendment would not so prevent
the people of Missouri from amending their con-
stitution in their own way, but it would be saving
to the people of Missouri the right fully to ex-
press their wish in reference to the matter, which
wisl\ might subsequently be acted upon by the
Legislature, or by the people in their sovereign
capacity in convention assembled.
Mr. HENDERSON. The clause has already
been read. Let me ask the Senator if a vote of
the people would make it any more or any less an
amendment of the constitution after its adoption
by the Legislature?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will answer the Senator.
It would make it no more and no less an amend-
ment of the constitution, but it would do this: it
would indicate what was the will of the people on
that subject, and that is all the amendment con-
templates. This Legislature of Missouri, which,
from all I have heard in this debate and from what
I obtain from the public press and other sources,
was elected by a minority of the legal voters, a
minority of the people of Missouri, may propose
certain amendments to their constitution; a sub-
sequent Legislature may be elecled by a minority
also of the people of Missouri, and ratify them,
and then they become part and parcel of the con-
stitution against the will of the majority of the
legal voters of the State. It is only to give a ma-
jority of the legal voters of the State a right to
pass on the subjcct, to take their sense, that 1 ad*
vocate the amendment offered by the Senator fiom
Missouri, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. HENDERSON. The whole argument, if
I understand it, is this: that the Senator from Del-
aware and the Senator from Kentucky would
like to know the sentiment of the people of Mis-
souri on this subjcct. It does not do any good;
it docs not give it any validity; it does not add
anything, under our constitution, to the validity of
the act, but it is a mere experiment, it is merely
for the gratification of the Senators. I should have
no objection to gratifying them if that were the
only result. They think that the present Legis-
lature was improperly elected; that it docs not
reflect the will of the people of Missouri. I am
sorry that the Senators think so. I assure them
with all kindness, and I do feel very kind toward
both of them, that I think the present Legislature
is fully as competent to judge of the wishes of the
people of Missouri as either of them, or as myself,
if you please. Its members have been elected by
the people of the State, and I would rather leave
these things to the Legislature. Although gen-
tlemen may hate to vote against a proposition that
takes the sense of the people uponagivenquestion,
it will do no good. It can neither add to nor take
away from the validity of the act. If the people
were to vote against it at the polls, and the con-
stitutional number of the Legislature were to vote
for it, it would still be an amendment of tha con-
stitution.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I will state this
if my colleague pleases: that although it might
not be an amendment to the constitution, under
the amendment I have proposed the State would
not get the benefit of this act until that was done.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand my col-
league is tryingtofixsomeplan by which,although
we may vote by forty thousand majority in favor
of emancipation, we yet cannot get the money.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. No, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. I want emancipation and I
I want the money too; but my colleague is per-
fectly willing that we emancipate, and then he
does not want the money, it seems. That is the
very point of difference between us.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Mr. President,
my colleague has misunderstood my remark. My
idea is simply that this Government controls
these §20,000,000; the money does not belong
to the State of Missouri, and this Government
is not willing to pay that money out until it is
assured that the people of Missouri are in favor
of the measure for which it is to be paid. That
vote will demonstrate to the country and to the
Congress of the United States whether the people
of Missouri are really in favor of this scheme of
emancipation or not. That is what I intended to
say. It is not interfering with the rights of the
people of Missouri to any extent whatever, be-
cause the people of Missouri have no right at all
to this sum of $20,000,000 until it is granted by
the Congress of the United States. If they un-
dertake to grant it at ail they may affix such con-
ditions to the grant as may seem reasonable to the
Congress granting it. 1 propose to annex this con-
dition in favor of the rights of the people whom
I in pait representon this floor, that no scheme of
emancipation shall be adopted which relies on the
$20,000,000 proposed to be granted by this bill,
until it is ascertained thata majority of those who
vote at the election are in favor of it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Missouri a question or two. 1 under-
stood the Senator to say that if a majority of the
people of Missouri were against this proposition,
a majority of theLegislatuie might still adopt it as
an amendment to the Constitution, and therefore it
would amount to nothing but simply taking the
sense of the people, which would be inoperative
for any practical result. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Missouri if the sense of the people of
Missoui i were taken upon the question and a ma-
jonty of the voters of that State were to decide
against accepting the proposition, does he believe
that his present Legislature would undertake,
nevertheless, to amend the constitution so as to
accept the proposition?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will answer the Sena-
tor, that if I could come to the conclusion at which
he seems to have arrived, that that action of the
people did not reflect the will of the people, I
might very properly say, as he now says, that
this vote would not amount to anything. lie says
the present Legislature does not reflect the will of
the people. Suppose we have an election there on
this subject, and a majority of those voting vote
against this btii, I may just as well say that does
not reflect the will of the people.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Would you so say?
Mr. HENDERSON. I say I should be just
as much justified in saying so as the Senator is in
saying that the present Legislature does not reflect
the will of the people. I am not very apt to say
those things under any circumstances. I am al-
ways willing to look on the action of the people
as reflecting their will. I believe the present Le-
gislature reflects the will of the people of Missouri,
and I believe it honestly.
The Senator from Kentucky said awhile ago
that some gentleman from about St. Joseph, in
thatState, told him that a soldier was seen some-
where about there at a poll on election day, and
therefore the present Legislature cannot leflect
the will of the people! Mr. President, there
were some soldiers m my State, but they were
enrolled militia. There were not more than three
or four regiments m the whole State of Missouri
belonging to the Federal service at the time of the
election. Thete were some enrolled militia or-
ganized by our Governor, and organized for the
purpose of keeping down the guerrillas who had
been for a longtime disturbing the peace, and who
it was believed would disturb the peace at the time
of the election. I can say to the Senator that in j
my section of the State, although these enrolled (
militia had muskets, I saw none of them m the '
hands of the enrolled militia on the day of elec- j
tion, and I did not hear of any in my immediate I
vicinity. Such a thing may have occurred; I do |
not know; but I am certain that the enrolled rni- ;
litia did not interfere with any man's voting. At p
least 1 know that the enrolled militia did not go ji
and bring men from home and force them to the ji
polls to vote the emancipation ticket. I am sure jj
that a majority of the people of Missouri are in >1
favor of emancipation to-day. I live there; an&
I am as much entitled to give my opinion ahpgt
the views of that people as these gentlemen-cg$J
The Senator from Maryland [Mr, Kenned-v) aska
me if I believe a majority of our people are.in
favor of emancipation without colonization. .1
think not; but I leave that rhatterwith the people
of Missouri; and one of my objects is to get money
enough here to-day to enable the people of Mis-
souri to emancipate willingly, believing that they,
have enough to accomplish the otherobject if tjiey
shall desire it. That is what I want.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Missouri
seems to think it is impracticable to attaoh thi§
amendment to this bill. Allow *ne to say to the
Senator from Missouri that Congress, when U
gives $20,000,000 to the people of Missouri to aid
in the emancipation of their slaves, has a right to
attach this condition. If this amendment prevails,
this twenty millions of money will never go from
the national Treasury unless a majority of,the
people at the polls in Missouri shall declare that
they are in favor of accepting it. It is a condition
that Congress, before bestowing the money, has
a right to impose. It is a condition that, in my
judgment, Congress ought to impose, because I
trust the Senate will so far defer to the will of the
people of Missouri as not to do a thing concerning
their domestic institutions that they do not wislv.
That is all. The Senator says he has every rea-
son to believe, and he docs believe, that a majority
of the people of Missouri are in favor of eman-
cipation. If so, the Senator need have no fear of
their rejecting the $20,000,000.
The Senator fights this amendment, however,
as if he feared (he verdict of the people of Missouri'
at the polls. If I were a Senator from Missouri,
and this proposition was made to me, and I be* 
licved my people were for it, I would say " yes,
gentlemen, I accept the proposition. I want no
$20,000,000 to aid my people or to debauch my
people unless they themselves wish it." I would
defer to the majority of the people of Missouri.
That is all this amendment proposes. 1 have no
doubt the Senator believes what he says; hut he
does not fight this amendment as if he had con-
fidence that the masses of Missouu would sustain
him at the polls in this emancipation projet. I
believe the masses of the people of Missouri arc
opposed to emancipation. I think enough has
been said in the Senate to convince every Senator
here that the last election in Missouri was not a
fair one. He says that some gentleman from about
j St. Joseph told me that he saw a soldier at the
! polls. I can tell the honorable Senator that a gen-
1 tleman in that region of country, who is an hon-
orable man, whom I have known from my youth
up, told me that he sawa squad of Dutch soldiers,
many of whom could hardly speak the English
language, take possession of the polls and try to
force the legal voters of Missouri from them. It
was nor, a single soldier, but a squad with arms
in their hands, that drove native American citizens
from the polls. They were a crowd of Germans
who could say nothing but " yaw."
Mr. HENDERSON. Were they Federal sol-
diers ?
Mr. POWELL. They were soldiers. Of course
they were Federal soldiers.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not believe there
was a regiment near St. Joseph during the elec-
tion.
Mr. POWELL. I did not say a regiment, but
a squad.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not believe there
was a squad.
Mr. POW ELL. I believe that gentleman told
mc the truth. He is an honorable man. I be-
lieve the fact to be so, whether the Senator does
or not.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish merely to put
myself right in regard to it. I say I do notbelieve
there was a regiment, or a squad, or a single Fed-
eral soldier near St. Joseph on the day of election.
There may have been some enrolled militia, or-
ganized under the Governor's proclamation.
Mr. POWELL. I do not pretend to say how
they were enrolled; my informant did not tell me;
he told me they were United States men; they had
United States muskets in their hands, and they
drove away the people of Missouri from the polls
like cattle, I know he is an honorable man, and
that he told me the truth.
If the Senator really does believe the people of
