m
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOK&
February t,
E
Missouri are for this proposition, how can it be
injured by allowing the sense of the people to be
taken on the subject? It will not delay the mat-
ter an hour, because, if they take either mode pro-
vided in the constitution of Missouri, they can
submit it t<> the people without delay. There can
be no mistake about tlitit. But, sir, the truth might
just as well be told; ! believe the amendment will
be voted down; it will be voted down by the Sen-
ator and his friends on the other side of the Cham-
ber, because they believe the people of Missouri are
against this iniquity, and that if submitted to them
they will vote itdown. That is my opinion; and
1 think the Seriate will vote it down because they
entertain that belief. 1 may be in error, but that
is my opinion. I have no doubt the Senator from
Missouii says just what he thinks; but perhaps
his people at home, when they see how persist-
ently he fights this proposition, will think he has
a little fear of submitting itto the votes of the peo-
ple. His declaration, I have no doubt, is strictly
true; but pei haps those who look upon his course
here will think he resisted the amendment persist-
ently because he feared the result.
Now, sir, if we give this money, let us couple
it with this condition. I)a not let us thrust iton
the people of Missouri, but allow them to say at
the polls whether they will accept tBc donation or
not. That, is fur, that is equitable, that is just,
that is a deference to the sovereign people of Mis-
souri that the Senate ought to pay them. They
are entitled to it, for the people are sovereigns.
There is no other sovereign power in tins coun-
try but the people. I know from the acts of the
resent Executive that probably he thinks that
le is the sovereign; but it is a great mistake. IIis
masters aie the people in the workshops, in th«
fields, on the hills, and in the hollows. They have
sovereignty. They, to be sure, clothe the Exec-
utive with the power prescribed in the Consti-
tution, which he cannot lawfully ttanscend, to
execute the office of President,for four years. They
clothe the Senate and House of Representatives
with power for a brief period to exercise legisla-
tive functions. They clothe the judges who sit
upon the bench to dispense justice, with a portion
of their Authority to administer the laws. Hut the
great sovereignty of the people is behind all, is
the master of all. Sir, there is not an atom or
particlc of sovereignty in your executive, in your
legislative, or in your judicial depaitments. It
does not reside there. It resides with the people,
with the masses. I wish todefertothe sovereignly
of the people of one of the sovereign States of this
Union hofore you ruthlessly impinge their do-
mestic institutions by this abominable proposi-
tion. I hope the amendment may prevail. We
should adopt it in deference to the people. What
means it that you declare heie that you are for
the people govei ning, and all that, when you will
not trust them with a matter of the greatest mo-
ment? If you do notdo it, I, foi one, shall believe
that it is because you fear their verdict will be
against you.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Missouu,
[Mr. Wilson.)
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carhle. Davis, Harding. Kennedy, Ne*~
milli, I'owell, Iticc, H.iebatd on, Kaulbbury, Turpiu, Wail,
Willey, and VViUon of Mit^oun—I-J.
NA YS—-Mr.-srs Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Col-
Ifttner. Dixon, Doolittle, Fes^'aden, Foot, t'oster, Grimes.
Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Uoiv<ud, Howe ,Kui<*. Lane of
Indiana. Law of Kan.-as-, Moirill, Pomeroy, Sumner. Ten
Eyck, Timnhuil, Wade, Wihuol, and Wilson ot Massa-
chusetts.—
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to add the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further unacted, That cach one of the bonds
issued by viitue of the provisions of this act, before the de-
hvei) •( the same, shall have indotsed on the hack thereof
in wilting a.« follow*: *■ This bond wai issued foi the pur-
pov of paying for slaves emancipated in the State, of Mis-
I desire a vote upon this proposition, and I will
state the reason why J have submitted it. If it Is
constitutional for Congress to appropriate money
for this purpose, we have a right to test it in the
courts. If they decide that it is constitutional, it
will go a gieat way towards reconciling our people
to submission to taxation for tins purpose. Tlie
amendment is not oifsrud for the purpose of em-
barrassing the bill or any gentleman on the floor,
but for another purpose, which 1 have stated as
briefly as I could.
Mr. COLLAMER. The object of the gentle-
man will be perfectly well secured without this
amendment, if his object be what he states, to
raise the question in the courts. The bonds which
are issued always state the law under which
they are issued, and lefer to the date of the act.
That will appear upon the face of the bonds.
Mr. HENDERSON. I object to the language
used in this amendment, even if the objection of
the Senator from Vermont were not amply suffi-
cient to insure its rejection. It is proposed to
state on the back of each bond that it is to pay
for slaves emancipated in Missouri. The act it-
self grants the money to be used by the Statu to
compensate for the inconveniences, public and pri-
vate, produced by theohangeof system. It may
be used by the State for colonization or emanci-
pation, I understand. The State may issue its
own bonds to pay for the negroes, and use this
money for colonizing. The amendment there-
fore does not state the case propeily.
Mr. RiCHARDSON. I will make the amend-
ment conform to the Senator's idea if I cangetat
exactly what it is. I will change the language so
as to make it read, u for the purpose of aiding in
the emancipation of slaves in Missouri." i ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 152, nays 27; as follows:
YUAS— Messrs. Carhle, Davis, Hauling, Kennedy, Nes-
mith, I'owell, ltice, Riehaidson. SuuMm'i >, Turpie, Wall,
ai.d Wilson of Mir-bouit —1:2,
N A YS— Me^rs. Anthony, Chandler, Claik, Collamer,
Dixon, DooLtUe, Fe^endcn, Foot, Foster, Gi lines. lfartan,
Harris, Henderson, How.mi, Howe, King, L.nieot in 'iana,
Lane of Kansas, MoirtU, Pom«roy, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Tiumbuli, Wade, Wiilev, Wilmou and WiUon of Massa-
chusetts-^.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. POWELL. I propose, in the twelfth line
of the first section, to strike out u twenty," and
insert " eleven," so as to read " $11,000,000."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amounthas already
been stricken out there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will in-
form the Senator from Kentucky that that section
has been amended by striking out the sum.
Mr. POWELL. What sum is m>
The VICE PRESIDENT. In theelevcnlh line
of the second section are the words u not to exceed
$20,000,000."
Mr.POWELL. I move tostrikc out" twenty,"
in that clause, and insert eleven;" and on that
I ask foi the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays '22; as follows:
YKAH—Messrs. (.'.utile, ('lark, Collamer, Davis, Fes-
senden, Gaines, Ilutdmir. Ilailan, Lane of Indiana, i\e&-
milh, Powell, Rice, and Wall—Ki.
NAYS—Yl(*>sr^. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Dixon,
Doolutle, Foot, Foster, Hums. liendeison, llowaid, King,
Lane ot Kansas, Mondi, Pomeioy, Sumner, Ten fijek,
Trumbull, Wad*-, Willey, Wtlmot. Wilson of Massachu-
setts, and Wilson of Missouu—'J2.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. DIXON. I move to amend, in the tenth
line of the second section, by striking out the
words "and, m the aggregate, not to exceed
$20,000,000;" so as to read, "said bonds to be
delivered only as said slaves are made fiee, and
not to exceed $10,000,000." I also propose to
strike out all of the section after the word "dol-
lars" in the twelfth line. The words which I thus
propose to strike out are:
Unless the law or act of emancipation to be adopted by
*aid State shall provide tor the full and perfect manumis-
sion of all the slaves therein on or before the 4th day of
July, A. D. 186">, and the lutme exclusion of the system of
slaveiy troiu the State forever therealter.
If the section be amended as I propose, it will
then read:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be il further enacted, That in the event of
the adoption by said State of an act or ordinance tor the
abolmoa of slavery themn, as heieinbcfoie provided, the
President shall, from time to time, as they may be required,
cause bonds to be prepared and delivered, as aforesaid, m
such amounts as may bo neces?ary to pay for each siave
made ffec under the provisions of thi5 act, and the act to he
passed by the State of Missouri in pursuance thereof, not
to exceed an average of $300; said bonds to be delivered
only w said slaves are made free, and not to exceed
§1U3000,000.
I ask for the yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and' nays were ordered,
Mr. POWELL. Do I understand that the
Senator's amendment reduces the amount from
$20,000,000 to $10,000,000?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the effect of it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I reference to this sub-
ject, I wish to say one word; though 1 have oc-
cupied too much of the time of the Senate already,
and I have to ask the pardon of the Senate for it.
My position is rather a peculiar one; I have views
perhaps very different from many of the Sena-
tors on both sides in reference to this question. I
really think the amendment now offered will be
very much in the way of accomplishing the ob-
ject that I, at least, have in view in Missouri.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
sonri will allow me to suggest to him that we have
just voted down by a decided majority a propo-
sition to reduce .the sum to $11,000,000. It is
very clear that the Senate will not reduce it to
#10,000,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well, I shall not
detain the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. In explanation of the vote
which I shall give, I wish to state that, protesting
against voting any sum whatever for any such
purpose, I yet shall vote for this amendment to
reduce the amount. I do not approve of the prin-
ciple of voting a cent for the purpose.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 think the Senator from
Illinois misapprehends the effect of this amend-
ment. It is not the same as that proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky. Iiis amendment pro-
posed an appropriation of §11,000,000 for the im-
mediate abolition of slaveiy in Missouri. If I
understand this amendment aright, as proposed
by the Senator from Connecticut, it proposes
$10,000,000—for the gradual abolition of slavery
—a very nntenal difference.
The question being taken on Mr. Dixon's
amendment, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 14,
nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^is. Caihle, Davis,Dixon,Fessenden,Hard-
ing, Laneol Indiana, iMoi nil, Nesmith, Powell,Rice,Itich-
urd-on, SauMmry, Ten Eyck, and Wall—14
NA YS—Mesf-r;-. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Doohttle, Foot, Foster, Grime*, ilarlan, Harris,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas, Pom-
erov, Sumner, Ttnmlmil, Wade, Willey, Wilinot, Wilson
of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected .
Mr. COLLAMER,. I move to amend, by strik-
ing °ut14 twenty" and inserting " fifteen," so as
to make the sum $15,000,000.
Mi. WILSON, of Missouri. I ask for the yeas
and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 hold in my hand a
paper that was until very recently committed to
the idea that $10,000,000 was amply sufficient—I
mean the St. Louis Democrat. It is a paper that
is as thoroughly in favor of immediate emancipa-
tion in our State as it can possibly be. The Le-
gislature of the State have recently had the subject
under advisement, and they have made investiga-
tions into the number of slaves m the State. The
result of those investigations has been made pub-
lic, and I desire to read from an article m that
paper of the 26th of January, that has recently
come to my hands, and then 1 do not propose to
detain the Senate a moment. After presenting a
carefully prepared table on this subject, with all
the information that could be obtained through the
committees of the Legislature, this article says:
" Finally, tile long and the shortm' the laborious analysis
we have given th«' tables in order to nirive at some estimate
of the number of slaves the State has lost by war, i>, that
if the auditor's returns foi the thirty-four counties are cor-
iect,thetotallo<"5 is only aboutsiueen thousand ; for which
the lovers of the institution should cvelaim, ' God be
praised''
'•What then? Why, theie arc one hundred thousand
slaves in Mi-soui i, or very neat iy that. Ten millions will
give but §109 put head. VVe mu^t confess that we did think
there were no inort than sixty or seventy thousand left, and
have no idea now that their number exceeds eighty thou-
sand at the most,) et the only official means we have of es-
timating the decrease places the number, in spite of tlie
closest sei utiuv, at one hundred thousand."
********** *
<kThe '•tate of the ease points emphatically to the United
States Senate to make the appropriation ftom $$0,000,000
to $<25,000,000j but if the majomy of our people are truu
political economists, not to &ay p.itiiots, they will gladly
accept the .$10,000,000, provided no more can be had. See-
ing th.it the General Government lias expended k> much to
piolecl ih, and at tlie same tunc ha-> done it so effectually
to feave nine tenths of our -.laves, we should not be un-
reasonably exorbitant in our demands."
The paper is not, of course, arguing the consti-
