1863'.]
APPENDIX TO THIS CONGRESSIONAL ®L0Kg,
m
3Ttii Cong....3d Ses
Emancipation in Missouri—Mr. Rollins.
Ho. 01? Eeps.
sitioa of Congress* in b"haif of removal and colonization
beyoml State limit*.
uut Minnesota—what an appeal ascends from our sorely
afflicted Stat"! More than seven hunted victims of the
most wat.ton and brutal ma^acre ever recorded, a frontier
desolated and depopulated for hundreds of miles, thousands
homeless or sinking with epidemics brought on bv priva-
tion iuul exposure—is the heartrending chronicle of
the daric and bloody year, 1862! Do our rulers at Wash-
ington tequire a memonnl to convince them that apeople
who have suffered and witnessed these things ought not
and oannot longer tolerate the presence of this savage and
treacherous race anywhere inside the boundaries of the
State? We say, and common honesty requires us to say
to tin' President and Congress ot the United States, " Take
the Indian awa.y,or wo nuM put him away." Our lan-
guage if the )anmu£ e of petition, entreaty, and prayer. Our
women and children will add their tears. All refuse yet
to behove that Abraham Lincoln and the prvsent Congress
will do le-s for Minnesota than has been done for other
Static tor thiity years past with not one thousandth pattof
argument or appeal which Minnesota presents at the bar
of the nation to-day.
This tetrible blow has fallen not alone upon our present
pros-perity and happiness as a people, but upon our hopes
lor the luture, unless h .-hall be put in our power to say,
" rJ'he Indian is gone fiom Minnesota—not one tribe or two
tribes, hut all, all—in consequence of and a^ some atone-
ment toi August, 1S62." Can Muinesotaaskless!1 Can a
humane and paternal Government do less? Indian re-
moval, immediate and total, is the universal prayer of the
people ol Minnesota
Sir, these are the sentiments of every man, wo-
man, and child in the State, Shall their united
voice be utterly disregarded ? Shall not the tears
of women and children, and the prayers and en-
treaties of a whole people, arrest our attention for
a single hour? In the name of a desolated State,
in the name of hundreds of my constituents,
cruelly butchcred, in the name of thousands of
suffering survivors, 1 appeal to this House not to
let the session pass withou tact ing upon these meas-
ures. It will he an act of mercy to both races.
The money to be appropriated is to be taken from
the funds of the Indians, who have forfeited all
claim to it. We do not propose even to make a
new appropriation of their funds, but only to di-
vert funds which have been heretofore appro-
priated for their benefit, to the purpose of settling
them in their new homes.
There is ample room for them on the unoccu-
pied pubitc lauds to which it is proposed to send
them. The Indians in that locality are their
friends. They will there be far enough away from
the whites to avoid all collisions with them. By
the bill already passed their reservation in Min-
nesota has been taken from them. Shall they be
left destitute of homes, to roam about and steai
and muidor? If this Congress deliberately in-
tends their extermination, it may be effected by
letting them alone, but before it is done hundred's,
and perhaps thousands, of innocent loyal citizens
will be massacred.
There are now about fifteen hundred of these
savages m and around Fort Snelling who are held
as prisoners of war, and who are fed at the Gov-
ernment expense. What do you propose to do
with them ? Shall they be kept there indefinitely,
suppoitcd as so many paupers at the public ex-
pense ? This will certainly have to be done if no
provision is made for sending them away. Ifger;-
tlemun are ready to vote annual appropriations
for stall-feeding those savages, all you have to do
is to neglect to provide for their icmoval. It is
vain to hope that they can be kept in prison awhile,
and then under the plea of " good Indian" turned
loose upon our people to steal, rob, and murder.
The tci rible expeiience we have had with Indians
has destroyed all confidence m such neighbors.
We Ixheve our lives and property are insecure
while they remain among us.
Up to the time of the late outbreak they had,
as a tube, for many years jived uii terms of un-
broken friendship with the whites. Tradeis, mis-
sion.u us,find agents had freely mingled with them
for more than a generation. White men had in-
termamed with them, and many of the Indians
had adopted the dress, and, to some extent, the
habits, of civilization. Large sums of money had
been expended in building houses for them, and
in sustaining schools for their improvement. Daily
acts of kindness and friendship had been inter-
changed between them and the prosperous and
hapt y jettiement which had giown up mound
them. The pioneer smoked the "pipe of peace"
with the Indian brave at his tent door, and the
Indian sat at the table of the pioneer. The pa-
poose played in the humble cabin of the settler,
and the white man's child in the tupce of the In-
dian. All was friendship, confidence, and a sense
of security, when suddenly, without any known
cause, withouta single noteof warning, the sharp
crack of the deadly rifle was heard in the field, the
tomahawk and scalpingknifegleamedat the cabin
door, and the work of indiscriminate massacre
commenced. In very many cases those so-called
"good Indians" who had received the most fa-
vors and professed the warmest friendship, were
the most brutal and fiendish, and appeared to take
especial pleasure in torturing their former friends
and benefactors.
Our people cannot longer tolerate their pres-
ence. The plea of " good Indians," so often the
prelude to the most cruel treachery, will not avail.
Every infernal red-skin reminds them of some
friend or dear relative ruthlessly butchered, some
household idol broken. We fear them; trnd in
addition to our fears,a feeiingof deadly hostility
towards all Indians has been burned into our
heaits and brains by the experiences of the last
six months. Do you say this feeling will pass
away? Never, sir! never! Is there a man on
this floor who, if his wife or sister had been treated
in the manner I have recited, orhis littlechildren
horribly tortured and butchered as ours have
been, would not solemnly dedicate his life to the
extermination of a race which breeds such fiends?
Sir, we have hundreds of brave pioneers who feel
and will act just as you would under the same
circumstances. This will, of course, lead to con-
stant collisions, and a never-ending border war-
fare will be the result. Imperative necessity, then,
as well as the highest good of both races, demands
the speedy banishment of those barbarians.
The President, in his annual message, the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, all recommend and urge a change
in our Indian policy. The whole system has been
inconsistent and wrong. We have endeavored
to treat these tribes asindependent nations, and
at the same time as the wards of the Govern-
ment. They weie to be wholly independent of
us, and at the same time entirely dependent upon
us. They were to be governed by our laws, and
yet were to make laws for themselves. We have
sufficiently tried the expeiiment of maintaining
one independent nation within the boundaries of
another. It cannot be done with safety to either.
Lkit perhaps the worst feature of our whole
pohey wii this subject has been the payment of
money annuities. This one thing has done more
to deprave the Indian, and the white man, loo,
than ail others combined. Those annuities should
cease at once, and the bounties of the Govern-
ment be bestowed in articles which are aeiuully
necessary for thetn, such as food, clothing, and
agricultural implements. Thejudirment and con-
science of the whole country demands a radical
change in our Indian policy. Why not inaugu-
rate if now, in accordance with the recommenda-
tion of the President and the Senetary of the In-
terior? To the people whom 1 represent it is a
matter of vital importance; to the Indians a ques-
tion of life or death.
Minnesota asks no moie than has been done for
her sister States; Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, and Iowa, have all made the same appeal to
Congress which we now present, and their sav-
age population has been exiled. Surely if their
petitions were granted, ours will not be refused.
They asked because their material welfai e required
it. We make the appeal because our women and
children have been butchered, our homes de-
stroyed, our State desolated, and because our lives
are in danger.
When the nation called for aid against the traitor-
ous miscreants who sought its destruction, no
people respt^nded more promptly than ours. None
have stood more firmly by (he Government in all
its fiery trials. This was only our duty, but it
has been nobly performed. We, too, have been
assailed by a treacherous savage foe,whose ravages
have shrouded the State in mourning. He now
only awaits an unguarded moment, a favorable
opportunity to clutch the throats of the innocent
and helpless,and complete his work of death. We
appeal to the nation for help. Shall we appeal in
vain 5
EMANCIPATION IN MWSOUJRI.
SPEECH OP HON. J. S. ROLLINS,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
Febniary 28, 1863, / !
On the question of making an appropriation for tire eman-
cipation of slaves, in Missouri.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, Mr. Speaker,
at this late period m the session, with many mat-
ters of legislation of deep importance pressing
heavily upon our attention,! feel much hesitation
in asking even for a short time the indulgence of
the House. A subject, however, of deep interest
to the State of Missouri and to my immediate
constituents demands of me a few words. 1 refer
to the subject of emancipation in that State.
The great rebellion which has been so unwisely
and wickedly inaugurated in the country has pre-
sented many new issues in regard to the question
of slavery, intended to give the institution strength
and permanency on this continent, this revolution,
if long continued, may end in its total destruction..
This being the case, it becomes the people of the
State of Missouri to consider seriously what steps
wisdom and prudence would indicate for them to
take with a view to the preservation of their own
interests, and to the peace and quiet, as well as
the advancement of all the great interests of the
State. Policies are now pressed upon us which,
under other circumstances, we might regard as
reckless and injudicious. But we cannot ignore
them. We must meet the responsibilities of the
hour with fiimness. We must be self-sacrificing,
and do whatever maybe necessuryto prevent the
overthrow of the Government, and to hold Mis-
souri steadily in her place as tone of the States of
the American Union. At the time of her admis-
sion, forty-two years ago, into the family of States,
a fearful struggle attended her political birth, well
nigh rending the Governmentasunder, which was
only prevented«then by the wise counsels and con-
ciliatory action of the eminent statesmen of that
day, and by following whose noble example we
may even expect again to see our country united,
happy, and free.
in March last the President of the United States,
in the discharge of the high duties devolving upon
him, and in his earnest wish to overcome the re-
bellion, felt it his duty to present to the members
representing the border States, a plan for the grad-
ual abolition of slavery in those States, which, if
adopted, lie believed would go very far towards
weakening the enemies of the Government and
bringing the war to a speedy close. Mr. Speaker,
1 have never for a moment doubted the sincerity
and patriotism of the Executive in presenting and
urging upon the representatives of those States
this important measure. This proposition was re-
ceived and considered with all the respect and con-
sideration to which it was entitled, considering the
high source from whence it emanated. The con-
ference lesulted in a response to the President,
signed by a very large majority of the border State
lepresentatives, pi eventing to him fiankly the dif-
ficulties which lay m the way 6f the acceptance
of his proposition,and the doubts and misgivings
which they entertained that the plan proposed by
him would not be carried out m good faith by
those who were regarded as the more immediate
friends of his administration. In other words,
the members from the border States, in their writ-
ten response to the President, expressed the opin-
ion, that the Government of the United States
was not in a condition to appropriate means suf-
ficient to rid those States of the institution of
slavery, but closing with the pledge .that if this was
done, " then will our States and people take this
proposition into careful consideration, for such
dec-'ion as in their judgment is demanded by their
interests, their honor, and their duty to the whole
country."
To pay for and colonize all the slaves in all the
States of 'he Union, it was demonstrated, even at a
very small valuation of this great interest, it would
require the enoi mous sum of £1,600,000,000. To
free and colonize the slaves of the border States,
who were more immediately appealed to, it would
require the sum of $500,000,000. In this view of"
the matter, whether bs applied to all the States
