1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
futional difficulty that presents itself in the way;
it is only making an acknowledgment of the error
under which it has labored heretofore, I will state
thatull parties in Missouri very recently,since this
matter has been investigated, mive discovered that
they were laboring under a very egregious error
as to the number of slaves. I have also before me
the New York Tribune, containing a communi-
cation ft om -St. Louis, dated the 26th of January,
in which the corrrspondent states similar facts,
although he had before stated repeatedly, through
the columns of that paper, that the number of
slaves in Missouri did not exceed forty or fifty
thousand. I read from the New Yoik Tribune
of February 5:
"Sonvi singular facts have been revoked by thf annual
report of the Statu auditoi, of the relation of slaves and
slavery in Missouti. Itetuins of e-lavc pioperty have been
received troiu only tliirtj-four counties-, by wlu-.-ti it ap-
pears that the decrease in the ntmihrr of slaves m two yeai*
is six thousand on<- humlied <ind four. Assuming this rule
to apply to tiie balance of the State, the total decrease would
be only fifteen thousand eight hundred and filty-five. This
would leave about ninety nine thousand slaves s-ttll in the
State, a far larger number than any person has estimated
during the la-t sis mouth1'."
I submit these facts, and assure the Senator
from Vermont that I do not think it will be ad-
visable under any eii cumstauccs to reduce the
amount. I hope his amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have refrained from all
remarks in relation to this topic. 1 do not now
propose to occupy any time. If the resolution
passed some time since, that the United States
ought to aid the States in emancipation,is consid-
ered. binding on this body, the appeal that is made
to us on the strength of that seems to me very
unfair. The resolution was that we would aid
the States. Now the demand is not made upon
us to aid Missouri; it is to do the whole thing out
and out; and yet it is claimed under that resolu-
tion. I do not think that is exactly* fair claim.
1 think if they really wish to emancipate the slaves
they should do something about it themselves.
They say they are poor,and very much in debt.
So are we—very much indeed. 1 cannot but still
think that if the object js to be secured, and se-
emed by their action, as it must be if at all, it
should have something to manifest sincerity in it.
I expect, of course, that these people will try
to get what they can. I blame nobody for that;
but the other House, it seems, in passing the bill,
thought $10,000,000 was enough. The Senator
from Missouri thinks that $20,000,000 must be
had, or more. Now, sir, I propose to split the
difference, as we say, and offer them $15,000,000.
It seems to me generous beyond even what the
Representatives of the State in the other House
claimed, and all that ought to be claimed as aid.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 21; as follows:
YEA5?—Mes?rs. Chirk, Collrunet, Davis, Fessenden,
Foot, Harding, Harlan, Lanf'Of Indiana.Nesmith,
Powell, Jiioe, Ricliaid-on, Trumbull, and Wall—15.
IV-VYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Dixon,
Poulittlc, Foster, Ilai ri=, Henderson, Howard, Howe, King,
Lane of Kan^a^, Mouill, Pomoroy, Sumner, Ten Erck,
Wade, Willey. Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts,'and
Wilson of Missouri—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. SUMNER. I move, m section one, line
twenty-one, to strike out41 seventy-six," and to
insert " sixty-four;'* and if that motion shall be
adopted, I bhall make some others, in order to
bring the lostof the bill in harmony with that
change. I move to strike outil seventy-six," and
insertk< sixty-four;'* so that the act of emancipa-
tion shall go into operation on the 4th day of July >
1864. And, sir, my reason for this amendment is
this: this bill, as 1 understand it, is a bill of pcace;
it is to bring; tranquillity to a disturbed State. If
you ask fur the power in the Constitution to enact
it, 1 find it in the war power. 1 find it m the power
to suppress this insurrection, to put down this
rebellion. But, sir, it is a strange way to put
down this rebellion by making a proposition for
the abolition of slavery ten years from now, or
twenty years from now. Sir, the proposition, to
my mind, is simply ridiculous. I use strong lan-
guage because it presents itself to me in that way.
Sir, for the sake of the United States at thif
moment, for the sake of Missouri herself, for the
sake of every slave-master in Missouri, and for
the sake of every slave, I insist that this propo- [
sitio'n shall go' info exensutibn at the nearest pbB- "
sible day. The testimony of reason, of common
sense, and of history, is uniform m that direction,
and I challenge any contradiction to it. The bill
on the face of it is double; it is in the alternative;
it provides a certain sum in the event of the act
of emancipation taking place at once, and a cer-
tain other sum in the event of the act of emanci-
pation being protracted indefinitely, if you please,
or to a certain distant day.
Now, sir, I do not wish any alternative. I
wish that what we do shall take place at once. I
wish to see the benefit of it; I wish to see it felt
in the suppression of the rebellion. I shall not
vote for this bill in order to carry out any gen-
eral ideas of philanthropy, any general ideas of
opposition to slavery, but simply to put down
this rebellion. But, sir, it is a new way to put
down this rebellion to vote millions of money to
do something ten, fifteen, or twenty years from
now. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. Piesidcnt, ( regret that
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts
seems to take the view which hf has submitted
to the Senate in regard to this important feature
! of the bill. Of course I do not propose to detain
the Senate with any lengthened discussion on it
at this time; but 1 wish simply to suggest to him
and to the Senate a few observations which 1
think are worthy of his consideration and of the
consideration of the Senate.
It seems to me that for all the purposes which
he appears so much to desire, that is, to bring to
bear the effecls of emancipation inMissoun upon
the suppression of the rebellion, a gradual sys-
tem of emaneipation will be as efficient as imme-
diate emancipation. The passage of this act in
its present form would at once fix the status of
slavery in Missouri. The fact of the extinction
of slavery by the bill as it now stands, would be
as well settled as it will be if u is amended in the
manner proposed by the Senator fi om Massachu-
setts. So far, then, as the special object contem-
plated by the Senator from Massachusetts is con-
cerned, it will he as successfully accomplished by
gradual emancipation as it will be by immediate
emancipation.
That being the fact, let us look a little further
into this subject. As a slaveholder, and as a Sen-
ator favoring this measure, 1 undertake to say
that it is the duty of the Senate in us legislation
in this matter to look somewhat to the interest of
the slave. No injury being done to the grand re-
sult contemplated by this legislation, we may well
turn our attention to the effect that it will have
upon the condition of the slave. Sir, 1 dare not
eschew considerations of philanthropy in this mat-
ter. It is not necessary, with my view of the case,
to take them into consideration, for the gradual
emancipation, I suppose, will be as effectual as
immediate emancipation in suppressing the pres-
ent rebellion. That being the case, the effect of
immediate emancipation upon the condition of the
slave addresses itself to my sympathies and to my
heai t.
Sir, what will be their condition if you turn out,
without houses or homes, without guardians or
protectors, one hundred thousand slaves on the
community of Missouri immediately > Those
slaves have been separated. The fathers of some
of the children are in the cotton fields in the South.
There are infants there who have no protectors;
no fathers, no mothers. Some families have been
separated hither and thither. The effect of im-
mediate emancipation would be to turn those chil-
dren houseless and homeless upon a community
not too well disposed toward them, to say the
least of it.
1 think, then, that we ought to allow the Legis-
lature and the authorities of Missouri to have some
time to make arrangements for this transition, to
have some time to establish a system of appren-
ticeship, to have some time to take the necessary
means to provide for the wants of the helpless
condition of this large class of population that
will be turned out without money or means for
their own support or maintenance. Especially
should this view of the subject, it secras to me,
address itself to the consideration of Senators
when they refer to the habits of that class of pop-
ulation raised in servitude, servile m nature, ignor-
ant, dependent* and without the means of solf-sua*
tenarisfe.
Then, sir, there isanotherconsiderationto which
I will briefly allude. We should not be in haste.
It seems to me it would be doing the pebple^of
Missouri an injury to precipitate this great tran-
sition of their industrial interests upon them. We *
should give them time to supply the place of the
labor that will be thus taken from a considerable
portion of that community, by looking elsewh^te
for laborers. I think these views of the case are
correct. I think they are the opinions that will
be entertained by the people of Missouri them-
selves. It seems to me that they are reasons ad-
dressing themselves to the consideration of the
people of Missouri which will insure the success
of this measure much more readily than to precip-
itate upon them the evils which 1 think must ne-
cessarily grow out of immediate emancipation. In
any view of the case, whether wc look to the in-
terests of the white man or the black man in Mis-
souri, whether we look to the influence this meas-
ure is to have upon the rebellion or the welfare
of society in general, it occurs to me that the proper
plan would bo to adhere to the principle of grad-
ual emancipation; and I assure you, sir, that, in
my estimation, it would be much better for Mis-
souri, and for the slave, if, instead of 1876, it was
1900.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Mr. President,
I remarked that the limitation provided for in this
hill is neither immediate nor gradual emancipa-
tion. I should like to see that provision in the
bill stricken out for one reason, whilst the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts desires it for another
I reason. It will be observed that the bill, taken
as a whole, neither provides for the one nor the
other; neither for immediate emancipation, nor
for what has been understood as gradual eman-
cipation. The effect of this provision of the bill,
if adhered to, is simply to discontent the slaves
of Missouri from the time of the passage of the
act here to the day that they are to be free: 1876
is fixed as the limit. Suppose the Legislature
adopt that day. They must necessarily pay for
eveiy slave on that day, or before that time, be-
fore he can be made free. For that reason, if I
were bound to choose between the two systems,
I should prefer what has been known throughout
the United States as gradual emancipation. I
prefer that principle. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, however, desires to etiikc out this pro-
vision as I undeistand, for the purpose of forcing
immediate emancipation•, and therefore I cannot
vote for it upon that view of the case. If I had
my choice in accepting the one or the other, I
should have no question in deciding in fuvor of
gradual emancipation, both as regards the masters
and the slaves, as has been so well said by my
friend from Virginia. I hold that this bill as it
now stands does not provide either for the one or
the other, and therefore, in my opinion, it is very
objectionable.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, this bill
is not exactly as I would have it; but the Judi-
ciary Committee have reported it in this shape,
and I hope the Senate will retain it just as it has
been reported. I sincerely hope it will be passed
just as it stands. A great deal of care has been
taken with it. It has been discussed here once,
referred back to the committee, the opinions of
Senators obtained,and it has been reported back.
I shall express no opinion in reference to the pro-
priety or impropi iety of immediate emancipation.
I know that there are a great many difficulties in
the way of it in the State of Missouri. I know
that a great many of our people are opposed to it.
On account of those very difficulties existing there
at present, I desire the bill to remain as it is. if
the Legislature desires to take the $20,000,000,
and emancipate immediately, let them do so. If
they desire to take the $10,000,000, and emanci-
pate as early as 1876, of couise they must com-
mence immediately to emancipate all born after a
given day. Why, sir, if they adopt this propo-
sition to emancipate all the slaves by 1876, they
must provide that slaves born after a given day,
perhaps immediately after the passage of the act,
shall be free; those only now living to remain
slaves until 1876. If my colleague is correct in
his views that the Legislature had better adopt
what he calls gradual emancipation, arid reject
both sums offered by Congress, let them do so.
The Legislature is not prohibited fr^m doing it;
and I state now to the Senate, that if the Legisla-
ture rojecUs bbth of thesu prvspbsitfoms'., cither the
