mi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
$20,000,000 or the §10,000,000,1 should be in favor
of inaugurating whai my colleague calls a gradual
emancipation; that is, to inaugurate a system
which would run through a longer period of time
* than up to 1876, if you please, and accept nothing
at the hands of Congress I want to accomplish
the, purpose. Some members of the Legislature
want immediate and some gradual emancipation;
and therefore I desire to leave the bill as it is, and
Jet them inaugurate some sort of a system.
Mr. President, Senators must yield something.
They cannot expect the Missouri Legislature
to be united upon propositions on which anti-
slavery men cannot unite in this Senate. There
are gentlemen here who have been anti-slavery
men for many years, i® fact, all their lives. They
<5$nnot agree upon a bill to be submitted to the
Legislature of Missouri; and yet the gentleman
from Massachusetts is askingthe Missouri Legis-
lature, perhaps two thirds of them slaveholders,
to agree upon an important proposition, and he
himself will not agree with his fellow-Senators
here in regard to the propriety of this, that, or the
other measure. Sir, it cannot be expected that
we can get everything to satisfy ourselves. I am
not satisfied with the bill as it is; but I intend to
yote for it because it was a compromise in the
Judiciary Committee. 1 owe much to the Judi-
ciary Committee for the careful examination they
have given to this whole measure; and I am glad
that a measure has been matured,and t am thank-
ful to them for it, which in my opinion will meet
with the concurrence of the Legislature of my
State. If the bill be retained as it is, I shall feel
confident that emancipation will be inaugurated
in some style in my State. If new provisions bo
ingrafted upon it, I do not know whether it will be
or not. So far as I am concerned, 1 am in favor
of emancipation, whether you grant a dollar or
not, I have said so heretofore, and I say so again.
If you do not give this aid, I want some gradual
systeffr adopted by which, either next year, ten
rears or forty years hcnce, I can get rid of what
regard as an incubus upon my State.
It may be true, as has been urged against this
bill, that we do not benefit the slave by emanci-
pation. That may be so; but whether we do or
not, we have but one hundred thousand slaves,
and I know whom I do benefit: I benefit one mil-
lion one hundred thousand white freemen of my
State; and I build up and make Missouri what
she ought to have been years ago.
I do nope that Senators will concede something
to the opinions of others. Some want gradual,
some want immediate emancipation. "Why can-
not something be done, and let the bill go m the
alternative, in order that something may be ac-
complished and in order that emancipation may
not be entirely defeated? It docs not matter what
history teaches upon this subject. We have got
to overcome prejudices all the time. The Senator
from Minnesota said the other day that if the
Congress of the United States insisted upon the
Indians remainingin that State, the people ofMin-
nesota would rise en masse and drive them out.
Why, sir, there arc prejudices in one of the non-
slaveholding States. The prejudices of the people
of Missouri might be exercised to a very consid-
erable extent against a fiee negio population. If
it becomes necessary to give a little time in order
to raise the means from our own bonds from our
own treasury, in order to carry out what may be
regarded as good policy in reference to coloniza-
tion, by all means give us a little time to do so.
Therefore, I say, let us stand by the bill as it is.
Mr. SUMNER.. Mr. President, I assume that
Senators are in earnest m their desire to do some-
thing to put down this rebellion. Our country,
I know, is rich in its resources. It can vote mil-
lions of money for almost any purpose that it sees
fit to vote them for; but still I doubt if the Sena-
tor from Missouri would now come before Con-
gress and ask for an appropriation of millions of
money unless he thought, through that appropri-
ation, he could do something in order to bring this
rebellion to an end. I assume that that is his ob-
ject. I assume that that is the object of Senators
in voting for this bill. Is there any object that
will justify, at this moment, a vote for the bill?
Is there any Senator here who will say that he
will toss ten or twenty millions of money to any
State in this Union, unless he thinks that by doing
it he can help to put an end to this rebellion ? I as-
sume that there can be no doubt on tliat question.
We must all be agreed on that point. Therefore
do I say that, in voting on the proposition now
before you, you are to consider simply this ques-
tion: how shall 1 best put an end to the rebellion ?
If that can be best accomplished through a prop-
osition of immediate emancipation, then must you
vote for immediate emancipation. If that can be
best accomplished by allowing the subject to drag-
gle along through ten years, through twenty years,
with the possibility of reaction, with the certainty
that the discussion and the controversy will con-
tinue all that time, then Senators will vote that
the question shall be allowed to draggle along ten
or twenty years, or indefinitely, if they see fit.
Sir, I am against any such thing. I wish this bill
to be effective for the object*which is proposed;
and as I do not believe it can be really effective,
except in one way, I shall vote for that amend-
ment which shall give to it that effectiveness.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
understand that by voting to retain the bill as it
came from the committee, we vote against imme-
diate emancipation in Missouri. We simply vote
to say that the Legislature of Missouri, who are
supposed to be friends of emancipation in Mis-
souri, shall judge on that question; and they judge
which they will accept: the §20,000,000 and im-
mediate emancipation, or the $10,000,000, with
emancipation more gradual, to be completed in
187G. While the bill, perhaps, in some respects
does notentirely conform to my own private judg-
ment, yet, as it has been reported by the commit-
tee, I shall stand by the report of the committee,
for 1 believe it is the best bill that we can pass.
I hope the Senate will stand by the report of the
committee.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, we have etlength
an avowal from the learned and able Senator from
Massachusetts that this measure of emancipation
is under the war power. What is the war power
of this Government, and where is it lodged? I
take issue with him upon his proposition that one
iota of the war power is vested in the President.
The whole and entire war power of this Govern-
ment's it is organized by the Constitution is vested
in Congress, and in Congress alone. I do not
gican the power to manage and control armies;
but I mean the power to declare war, to raise men
and money to carry on that war, whether it is a
war against a foreign Power or to put down in-
surrection. The power to adopt every measure,
every line of policy upon which and by which the
war is to be prosecuted, centers in Congress and
in Congress alone; and the President has no more
right to wield any portion of this war power or
adopt measures of policy for the mode of conduct-
ing the war than any colonel in the Army.
Why, sir, let gentlemen recur for a moment
to the Constitution. The power of declaring war
is vested expressly in Congiess. Where is the
power to suppress insurrection vested by the Con-
stitution? It is vested in terms in Congress. The
President has no power to recognize a condition
of domestic trouble in a State until Congress itself
has passed a law recognizing that state of the case.
The Supreme Court so decided. They so decided
in the case of Luther vs. Borden. In a speech
which I made a few days ago, I quoted from the
opinion of the Supicme Court in which they ex-
pressly recognized and established that principle.
It is an absurdity to speak of the war power under
the Constitution of the United States being vested
in the President cither as President or as Com-
matuier-in-Chief. If gentlemen want measures,
lines, and systems of policy calculated to bring
this insurrection to an end and to suppress it, they
must look to Congress to adopt those measures
and that war policy; and the President has no
power to do it at all.
Sir, I lay this down as a principle, and I defy
gentlemen to shake its truth, that the Congress of
the United States can bring this war for the sup-
pression of this insurrection to a close to-morrow,
if it chooses to do so, in defiance of the power and
the will of the President. It is expressly stated
by the Supreme Court that the power and the ca-
pacity to recognize a state of resistance to the
execution of the laws of the United States., and
to suppress insurrection, is with Congress, and
not with the President: and that Congress might,
by passing a law to that effect, vest the power as
well in the courts aa in the President; that itwas
entirely optional with Congress to vest the power
to recognize resistance to the execution of the
| laws, or rebellion or insurrection, and the power
! also to call out the militia of the States to suppress
it, if it chose to do so, in the courts, and not in
the President at all. The court then argues the
wisdom and the practical utility of investing that
power either in the courts or the Executive, and
they decide that it is wisely, by the law of 1795,
vested in the President.
Some gentlemen adopt the policy that this in-
surrection is to be put down by proclamations.
I thought we had a surfeit of such nonsense. It
is not by proclamations, by words, by high-sound-
ing manifestoes, that this rebellion is to be put
down. It is to be put down, as was said by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] by the
power of the bayonet and the cannon; and you
must have that power in the hands of a willing, a
united, and an enthusiastic people. When you
divide the people and carry questions of policy
into the camps, and the soldiers take sides for and
against a particular line of policy, you destroy
the vigor, the unity, and the efficiency of your
arms; and as that honorable Senator invoked gen-
tlemen, so I say the only way now to regain that
unity is to come back to the constitutional basis
upon which you declared at the extra session of
Congress that you intended to carry on this war.
Yes, sir, you must let the negro alone; you must
drop him; you must revoke your proclamations
of the 22d and 24th of September, and you must
revoke your proclamation of the 1st of January.
If you will do that, and return to the Crittenden
resolution and to the pale of the Constitution in
adopting measures by which to carry on this war,
I know a man in the State of Kentucky who, if
he were allowed to wield the whole military power
of the country upon the piinciples which you
yourselves adopted at the extra session, could
reduce the rebellion and bring back the seceded
States in six months. It is James Guthrie.
Now, sir, if proclamations are to bring this war
toaclose,letmeinvoke thehonorable Senator from
Massachusetts, who is now said to be "a power
behind the throne greater than the throne itself,"
to have some proclamations of a different nature
adopted. If there were one hundred leading men
in the confederate government and confederate
army hung to-morrow, it would bring the war to
a close, the insurrection would be suppressed im-
mediately, or within a convenient time, and in a
manner perfectly satisfactory to the whole of the
northern people, and to two thirds of the southern
people, I believe, and to nine tenths of the peo-
ple of my own State. Now, while the President
is proclamating, let him proclaim that a hundred
leaders of the secessionists shall be apprehended
and hun^. He has as much power to enforce a
proclamation of that kind as he has to enforce a
proclamation liberating all their slaves.
If you want to cripple the power of the confed-
erate States by emancipating slaves, let me sug-
gest to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
another proclamation that would be quite as ef-
fective. When you stop their raising of cotton and
corn and subsistence, you inevitably starve them
into submission. Now, let the President of the
United States proclaim that they shall forfeit their
lands—as we object to their forfeiting their negroes;
and the forfeiture of their lands probably would
be as effective as a military measure—that they
shall no longer cultivate any cotton, nor any corn,
nor raise any hogs, or if they laise hogs, they
shall butcher neither beef nor hogs; and my word
for it, if he enforces that proclamation, we shall
soon subdue the insurrection. [Laughter.] He
has just as much constitutional right to issue those
proclamations, and he has just as much physical
power to enforce them, as he has those already
issued; and in their chaiacter and operation, if
they could be made effective, they would be much
more agreeable to the feelings and dispositions
and prejudices of the American people. Let me,
then, entreat the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts to go to the White House before morn-
ing and have these proclamations thundered forth
to America and to the rebels, that the war may
be brought to a speedy close, and according to
the approval and wishes of the whole American
people.
But, Mr. President, as it is now a late hour on
Saturday night, when we cannot do much more,
I will read something to the honorable gentleman.
We might as well nave a final understanding in
relation to all these questions* in the short hours
