1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
31th Cong....3d Skss.
Emancipation in Missouri—Mr. Rollins.
Ho. 0s1 Reps.
edge, nor can I see that the adoption of any such
plan can have any effect cither in strengthening
the cause of the Government or of securing Mis-
souri more firmly for the Union. As I have said
on another occasion, her destiny is fixed. The
God of nature planted her in the very center of the
Republic; she must go with her sister States that
surround her; their interests are inseparably and
forever united, and you might as well attempt to
turn back the tide of her gi eat rivers or to remove
her majestic mountains as to disconnect her from
the great Northwest. She would notif she could,
she could not if she would, abandon this Union.
She will cling to it whilst there is a State left, true
to the old flag; her citizens appreciate its advant-
ages, its blessings, and its glories. Missouri is
the very heart of this great confederation of States,
as essential to the whole as is the heart of man to
the natural system, and she will cling to her sister
States, all of them, with the same constancy and
fidelity that the young maiden clings to her lover;
and when the dead ly blast of the war-bugle shall
no longer be heard to resound over her prairies, she
will appeal to them by every motive of affection,
oT interest, of patriotism, of past memories, of
present promise, and of future greatness, to resume
their former positions, and, inspired by a love of
unity and of liberty, foigetting all local and sec-
tional interests, demonstrate the grand mission of
the great Republic oh the American continent—the
advancement of Christian civilization, of liberal
culture, of genuine progress, and the amelioration
and elevation, at last, of all humanity to the en-
joyment of every blessing which a good Govern-
ment, a free Constitution, and equal and just laws
can confer.
Mr. Speaker, we notunfrequently hear the pres-
ent rebellion, which we are endeavoring to over-
come, denounced as the " slaveholders' rebel-
lion." However much truth there may be in this
remark when applied to the more southern States,
it has no application to the State of Missouri. As
a class, there are no more true and loyal men to
be found any where than the slave-owners of Mis-
souri. But few of them have embarked in this
war on the G-overnment. In the main, they have
remained true to their allegiance, and have ex-
erted a most wholesome influence in holding Mis-
souii faithful to her national obligations. The
very convention which deposed the rebel Gov-
ernor Jackson and the. Legislature that made
the attempt to carry Missouri out of the Union,
was composed of ninety-nine members, and of
these, eighty-four were slave-owners. Some of the
bravest officers and men now in the Army of the
United States from Missouri are slave-owners; and
the same remaik is tiuein regard to the local mil-
itary, who are cooperating patriotically to the same
end. Such men should be treated with all proper
consideration by the Government. Then lights
in all re&pects ought to be sacredly regarded, and
their property protected. Under all circumstances
I shall fuel bound to oppose every scheme of'
emancipation wherein the rights of all such men,
under the constitution of the State of Missouri,
are not observed and respected.
After all, Mr. Speaker, I incline to the opinion
that the best plan of managing this whole ques-
tion is to leave the matter within the exclusive con-
tiol of the people of the lespecuve States. They
will at least do with it what their own interests
and the best interests of the Commonwealth may
demand. In this, as well as in regaid to all other
political questions, I am willing to trust to the 1
discretion and the enlightened judgment of the j
masses. OriftheGoveinmentof theUmted States j
should at any time do anything upon the subject, j
li.t it appropriate money to aid in the deportation j
and colonization of such slaves as may be email- i
cipated in any of the States, but let there be no j
conditions; leave the State and the people thereof ,
to rtdopt such plan of emancipation as to them i
may seem best, and as may promote the well- I
being ofall whose interests may be affected. This, i
it occtiis to me, is the true policy: let every State |
act for itself in regaid to its own domestic affairs.
To the constant interference of reckless politicians ;
and crazy fanatics with the affairs of the individual <
States, may be traced, in some degree at least, the j
causes which have involved us m the present do- ■
plorable civil war. As far back as 1849,a distin- I.
New Series—No. 10
guished citizen of Virginia, then a member of this
House, spoke upon tins subject, and used the fol-
lowing almost prophetic language:
<{ Let no measure of unallowable wrong, no measure of
unconquerable disagreement be pressed upon us here. The
fatal clement of all our dUcord vv ll be taken liom amongst
us. Let gentlemen be entreated to remove it, as the one
only and solitary obstacle to our perfect peace. Let them
be assured by the weal of this and coming ages, by our own
and our children's good; by all that we love or that we look
for in the progiess and the glories of our land, to leave the
entire .subject of ^laveiy, with every accountability it may
impose, eveiy remedy it may lequire, every accumulation
of difficulty or pressure it may reach, to leave it all to the
inteiest, to the wisdom, ami to the eons-cience of those
upon whom the piovidoiice oi God and the Constitution of
their eoniilty h.ive cast it. Leave it to them now and for-
evei, and stop, whilst it is yet possible to stop, the funous
iind blind headway ot that wild and madphilamhtnpy which
is lighting up for the nation n-eifihc fiio& of ihebtake, and
which is niching on, btude after stride, to an intestine
struggle that niav buiy m? all nndei a hatder and wickeder
and moic mem able .slavery than any it would extinguifh.
"Nothing hnt aggravation ni heait and of lot have been
brought upon the poor slave by the iash and unwairanted
efforts which have been put forth to relieve him The}
have biokon down the footing he had reached, curbed iho
sympathies he had won, emhanassed and accursed the for-
tunes they weie intended to contiol. The geneious and
elevating influence oi oui fiec iiMiuufons was lelaxinghis
bondage, bettenng his condition, lifting up hi* diameter,
turning upon him the public anxieties and the public coun-
cils as a tit and de&eivmg object of provident and public
provision, was changing at all points the aspects of lu  late,
when the spintof abolitionism, political and lan.iuc, came
fiom abioad to scomge him with a demon visitation, to
wrench him fiom the ai m* of his only tine and only capa-
ble benefactors.to tluovv imn back again upon the «aitli,a
thou*and-lokl more s-uupccted, sepaiate, and toilorn than
ever, iiveting upon hun eveiy letter it would loosen, poi-
soning eveiy ble  ing it would bestow, and s>o filling blo-
whole case with element* of hopelessness, explosion, and
evil that the lieai t &hudder> while it weeps to look upon it.
What are they who cherish and ducct this-spirit? FtieticU
of the slave ? They ate jobbing him ot eveiy vestige of lib-
erty lie has left. Fuenda. ot humanity? They aie staking
it upon the issues of massacre and convulsion. Fuemlsof
the cuuntiy? They aie lapidly becoming its iron homi-
cides, cleaving down in Constitution with murdeious aim,
and tearing it limb fiom limb."
Having thus, Mr. Speaker, in a very brief and
cursory manner, stated my objections to the bill
repoited back to this House J>y the emancipation
committee, the question naturally comes up, what
is the true policy of Missouri m regard to this
question of slavery ? It is an important question
to the present peace and future greatness of that
State. Heretofore I have not been inclined to dis-
turb it; nor am I now if it could be avoided, or in
any manner except in accoidance with our con-
stitution and in cooperation with a derided major-
ity oi the people of our State, and then only in
such way as will create the least exciiement and
do the least harm to the great industrial interests
of the State. This rebellion has precipitated events
and compelled us to the discussion of questions
which might have been postponed at least during
the present generation.
In regnid to the question of slavery, Missouri
is peculwily situated. Lying within that range
of States north of the parallel where cotton and
sugar are grown, slave labor is not there the most
profitable Surrounded on thiee sides by free
States,with only iniagmat y boundariesto separate
us, and with the continued and increased agitation
of this question, this description of property must
become less secure with each succeeding day. The
disorganization of society ptodueed by tins rebel-
lion; the presence of a large niilitaiy force, many
of them fiom northern States, and with strong
abolition proclivities, inclining them in many
ways to interfere with and to produce discontent
in our slave population; the rigid compliance
with extreme rules in the non-delivery of escaped
slaves; the growing influence of an extreme radi-
cal organization in the State, taking advantage of
the unfortunate circumstances m which we hap-
pened to be placed, and fixed in their purpose
to destroy the institution, without regard to the
guaiantecs &f the Constitution or of the laws; and
the current of events generally, foreshadow un-
mistakably that tho time has arrived when con-
servative men and slaxe-owneia must act in con-
cert and enter upon some .system ot prudent and
wise action that will stop agnation, secure their
own interests* and prepaie for that gradual change
which, sooner or late i, Missouri will be compel 11. d
to adopt. Wisdom and prudence on our part point
unmistakably to some such policy if we would
have peace hereafter, and enjoy in security and
quietude our property under the laws and Con-
stitution of the land.
Such, Mr. Speaker, are my firm convictions on
this subject; and good faith to those I represent,
arid to the great State with which lara so znuejt
iu interest and feeling identified, and without ref-
erence as to the effect which the expression of
these opinions may have upon me personalty in
the future, compels me. to announce them.
I do not mean on this occasion to discuss the
advantages or disadvantages of emancipation to f
Missouri, and the influence which such a policy
would have in developing our resources and ill
adding to the material wealth of the State. This
of itself opens up a wide field of inquiry full of
interest to our people, requiring elaboration and
research, which I shall reserve for some more
appropriate occasion for the presentation of my
opinions.
Fortunately for us, Mr. Speaker, we are not
acting in the dark on these great questions. Other
Slates have passed through the ordeal upon
which we are about to enter, and I may say safely
and triumphantly. There is nothing to discourage
ns in the work which we of this generation have
to perform, and for which, if well done, our mem-
ories will be blessed not only by our immediate
descendants, but by all the teeming millions who
in the long future are to enjoy this rich and comely
heritage. A t the organization of the Federal Gov-
ernment, all the States of the Union, save one, I
believe, were slave States. During the period of
eighty years it has gradually disappeared from
the nineteen northerly States, and found its fixed
abode in a more genial clime, where such labor
is better fitted for the cultivation of those prod*
ucts common to southern latitudes; and it is not
unknown to you, that for many years prudentand
wise men have been discussing plans of emanci-
pation as applicable to Maryland, Virginia, Ken-
tucky, Missouri, and Delaware, and but for the
foul spirit of abolitionism, which thrust upon
these States its accursed teachings, I express my
sincere conviction, that this day a number of these
Commonwealths would have been free States.
This impudent encioachment and unconstitu-
tional interference with the rights of others has
taken from the people both the power and dispo-
sition to do that in a regular, gradual, and lawful
w&y, which, under other circumstances, they were
so rapidly preparing and educating themselves
to do.
Mr. Speaker, so far as my knowledge extends,
no State once slave, now free, has attempted any
scheme of immediate emancipation; but, on the
contrary, all of them have adopted plans for its
gradual abolition, plans requiring the smallest sum
of money, and, at the same time, doing the least
possible harm to those interested iu that descrip-
tion of property,and producingthe least possible
shock to the hody-pohtic. It is not my purpose to
discuss the various plans of emancipation which
were adopted by the different Stated but in order
to point out a mode deemed at the time judicious
and safe, I desire to call the attention of the House
and of the people of the State of Missouri to th-e
plan adopted in 1780 by the great State of Penn-
sylvania. I refer to this pauicular State for the
reason thatshehad perhaps the laigestslave pop-
ulation of those States now ftcc at the time of its
adoption. I refer to it for another reason. It is
known that the plan worked well there, and no
intelligent man at this day doubts the wisdom of
those who initiated it, or tails to acknowledge the
great and lasting benefits conferred on that State
by the gradual expulsion of slavery therefrom.
The man who conceived and penned the pre-
amble to the act of 1780, and the act itself, is
known in Ameiican histoiy. He wasone of the
great lights during oui struggle for national exist-
ence, and 1 am not going too far when 1 say that,
amongst the great and wonderful men of that day,
equal in all respects to any who arc known in
human history, the world is as much indebted
to the great forecast, the profound wisdom, the
sterling patriotism of Benjamin Fianldin, for the
matchless Constitution and Government under
which we have lived and prospered,as toany other
one of the sages, philosophers, and statesmen of
that eventful penod of our country'« histoiy. Nor
did he shine lesa conspicuously on account of his
