1863.
the Congressional globe
of this Sf$lrday night, as on Monday morning
or any other time.
The honorable Senator from Illinois said that
the President and his party were pledged to a dif-
ferent policy than that upon which they were now
prosecuting the war. Here I will make a single
remark, that the war power and the rights of bel-
ligerents, as they are established by the laws of
nations, have no applicability whatever to the
present insurrection, except so far as war in the
field is involved. The able senior Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Collamer] proved that most con-
clusively by his speeches at the last session. Now
let us ascertain the President's own view of his
power in relation to this matter. From his inau-
gural address I quote this passage:
"Apprehension seems to exist among the people of the
southern States that, by the accession of a Republican Ad-
ministration, their property and their peace and personal
security are to be endangered. There has never been any
reasonable cause for such apprehension. Indeed, the most
ample evidence to the contrary has all the while existed,
and been open to their inspection. It is found in nearly all
the published speeches of him who now addresses you. I
do but quote from one of those speeches when 1 declare
that"—
This is an extract from a speech made by him
a year or two before he was elected to his present
office. Here is the quotation:
" I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists.
I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no in-
clination to do so."
Remember, he was President of the United
States when he made this quotation. He adds:
il Those who nominated and elected me, did so with full
knowledge that I had made this and many similar declara-
tions, and had never recanted them."
Can anything be more to the point and more
explicit? But I will go on and multiply proofs.
In the message of the President to Congress, at
the commencement of the extra session, he said:
"The Executive 'sought only to hold the public places
not already wrested from the Government, and to collect
the revenue ; relying for the rest 011 time, discussion, and
the baliot-bftx. It promised a continuance of the mails, at
Government expense, to the very people who were resisting
the Government; and it gave lepeatud pledges ngain^t any
disturbance to any of the people, or any of their rights.' '•
The President is a man of the most unbounded
liberality and magnanimity. We recollect the
iniquities, the frauds upon the Government and
the country that were practiced by the late Sec-
retary of War; and after he, by the power of public
opinion, had been driven ignominiously from the
office which he degraded and disgraced, the Pres-
ident had the magnanimity, the unparalleled gen-
erosity, to shoulder all his iniquities. He says,
too, that he is responsible for everything that the
members of his Cabinet and his officers do.
But again, sir, I have here an extract from the
President's message at the commencement of the
regular session, which I will read to the Senate.
He says:
"The war continues. In considering the policy to be
adopted for suppressing the insurrection, I have been anx-
ious and careful tlwt the inevitable conflict for this pur-
pose fchall not degenerate into a violent and remorseless
revolutionaiy snuggle."
Oh, how he has changed in his purpose and
in his policy. But, again:
"We should not be in haste to determine that radical
and oxtieme measures, which may reach the loyal as well
as the disloyal, are independable.
« The inaugural address at the beginning of the Admin-
istiation, and the menage to Congress at the late spccial
session, were both mainly devoted to the dome*uc contro-
versy out Oi which the insurrection and'consequent war
have sprung. Nothing now occurs to add or subtract to
or from the'piinciples or general purposes stated and ex-
pressed in those documents."
I have here also a few passages from the in-
structions which Mr. Seward sent to Mr. Dayton,
our minister to the Court of France. What does
he say ? These are the President's deliberate views
expressed through his Secretary of Slate to one of
his embassadors at the very firstCourt of Europe*,
and if he ever weighed well words and sentiments
and principles in any paper, we mustpresume that
he gave that solemn and deliberate weight to those
that are here expressed. He says:
" I lef'iam from anyolvseivation whatever concerning the
molality or imnioniliiy, the economy or the waste, the bo-
cial or the unsocial aspects of &laveiy,.md confine myselt,
by dnection ot the President, strictly to the point that the
attempt at i evolution on account ot it is, as I have already
fcaid, without reason and without object."
After narrating the difference of political Opin-
ion arising from the slavery question, Mr.Reward
went on to say:
" The Territories will remain in all respects the same,
whether the revolution shall succeed or fail. The condi-
tion of slavery in the several States will remain just the
same whether it succeed or fail. There is not even a pre-
text for the complaint that the disaffected States are to be
conquered by the United States if the revolution fail; for
the rights of the States, and the condition of every human
being in them, will remain subject to exactly the same laws
and foims of administration, whether the (evolution shall
succeed or whether it shall fail. In the one case, the States
would be federally connected with the new confederacy;
in the other, they would, as now, be members of the Uni-
ted States; but their constitutions and laws, customs, hab-
its, and institutions in either case will remain the same."
Now, sir, if a man ever gave his deliberate and
solemn pledge in the clearest and most explicit
language to a position and to principles, the Pres-
ident of the United States has given that pledge
in these instructions to Mr. Dayton.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him what he is reading from ?
Mr. DAVIS. I was reading from the instruc-
tions of Mr. Secretary Seward which he says were
given by direction of the President of the United
States to Mr. Dayton, our minister at Paris.-
Now, sir, I will read from theinstructionsgiven
from the same source and by the same direction
to Mr. Clay, our embassador to the Court of St.
Petersburg.
" The President will not forget, nor will he allow you to
forget, that he is the magistrate of the insurrectionary as he
is also of the loyal States, and in all his dealings concern-
ing the plotters, aiders, and abettors of this great conspiracy
he will constantly 1 member that the people in whosp name
they act, and whose powei they abuse, are still citizens of
the Republic."
Yes, sir; that is the constitutional principle and
truth of the case. They are American citizens in
a state of insurrection, having committed treason
against the United States, and they have all the
rights citizens can have in that predicament.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is, the right to be
hanged.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish they were. If the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts will just go to
the White House now and have a measure of that
kind proclaimed and then executed, he will be
regarded as one of the greatest benefactors to the
people of the United States that has lived at least
since the days of the Revolution.
But the instructions continue:
"The Governmentof the United States resists this revo-
lution for leasons too many to be hastily set forth.
" It is absolutely unneco^arvr All existing interests of
slavery are protected now, a-/ heretofore, by our Federal
and State constitutions Mitiicicntly t0 pievent the destruc-
tion or molestation of the institution of slavery where it
exists, by Federal or foreign intei vention, without the con-
sent of the panics concerned."
That, sir, is the gospel of the Constitution.
There is no reason so great, there is no learning
so profound as to shake the truth of these propo-
sitions. All that we ask of the President of the
United States is that he shall adhere faithfully and
honestly to these principles, and shall conduct the
war upon them.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Kentucky
allow me to ask wherein the President has not
adhered to those propositions?
Mr. DAVIS. In his proclamations, my good
friend. When Lucifer fell from heaven, had he
the purity of an angel rn the eternal abodes of bliss?
Sir, the fall of the President from these principles
is about as deep and damning as that of Lucifer
when he rebelled against the King of heaven and
was hurled into the lowest abyss.
Mr. HOWE. 1 supposed the Senator was
speaking to the pending amendment. If he is
speaking to a proposition to recall or revoke the
proclamation, then the passages he is reading may
be germane.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly; and now is the time to
recall that iniquitous and most mischievous pol-
icy; now is the time to invoke the friends of the
President in this body to beseech him, to implore
him, and they themselves to come to the point of
reversing the recent policy which has been so em-
inently mischievous; but I will come to the hon-
orable' Senator himself if he will just wait a few
minutes. I have a record against him, too, winch
[ desire to read; and I read it with a great deal of
reluctance, because that gentleman is a most spe-
cial favorite of mine socially and politically upon
every other subject save and cxcept the negro.
Mr. HOWE. I am not about to dissent from
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky,
that now may be A proper time for imploring the
President to revoke the proclamation, except for
this one consideration t that there is another ijuSS-
tion pending before the Senate justnow, and Efierft-
fore it doe's not seem to me that that wciulil l>fe in
order. 1 understand that the question before the
Senate is on the amendment of the Senator From
Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS. Why, my dear sir, this is a
strong argument against the propriety of adopting
that amendment. I am bringing up argument*
that will overwhelm the amendment. [La:ughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I ean only say I did not see it
in that light.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, the gentleman's intel-
lect is as clear as light upon every subject except
that dark one, the negro—and then it becomes
about as much obfuscated as the negro himself.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, I will read from a dispatch' to Mr.
Adams:
" It seems as if the extreme advocates of African slavery
and its most vehement opponents were acting in concert
together to precipitate a servile war" 
Mr. GRIMES, What is the date of that?
Mr. DAVIS. This is dated the 5th of July-,
1862, and was addressed to Mr. Adams. I will
read that over again:
4( It seeins as if the extreme advocates of African slavery
and its most vehement opponents were acting in concert
together to precipitate a servile war."
I declared that to be my conviction a very few
days after I took my seat in this body; and! then
said that the very best policy thatcould be adopted
in relation to both, and to bring: back the seceded
States to the Constitution and the Unioft and sub-
mission to the lav/, would be to take one of their
leaders and one of the leaders of the abolitionists
and hang them in pairs at the ends of the same
rope. If that policy could be adopted now in re-
lation to about one hundred of each, I tell you,
sir, this war would soon come to a close, and just
such a close as would be to the best interests of the
people of the United States.
Mr. Seward says furthermore:
" The formei by making the most desperate attempts to
overthrow the Federal Union ; the latter by demanding mi
edict of universal emancipation as a lawful and nceessury,
it not, as they &ay, the only legitimate way of saving tho
Union."
Will my learned and able friend from Wis-
consin tell me where the President of the United
States derives his power to issue an edict to eman-
cipate the slaves?
Mr. HOWE I understand it to be a part of
the war making power. I believe orders or edicts
are very common in military usage.
Mr. DAVIS. A part of the war making power!
Have I not shown that the President has not a
vestige of that power; that the whole of it, every
particle of it, belongs exclusively >to Congress?
Mr. HOWE. I think I owe my friend from
Kentucky an apology. I was not able to listen
to that portion of his argument in which he did
show that.
Mr. DAVIS. If my honorable friend is open
to reason and truth, and-will just take a speech
which I delivered here a few days ago, and read it
in his study, and ponder upon iton his pillow, ho
will come back as perfectly convinced of its truth
as I am myself. I just ask him to make the ex-
periment.
Mow, Mr. President, in the interview which the
President asked with the members of Congress
from the border slave States, what did he say? I
will quote from what he said on that occasion. I
never hoard the President so solemn, so emphatic,
and so eloquent in my life as he was on that occa-
sion. He forgot to tell anecdotes. [Laughter.]
The whole magazine of anecdotes, old and new,
fresh and stale, pointed and pointless, all aban-
doned his cranium for once, and he did not indulge
in telling a solitary one. But here is what he said
m part 
Mr.POMEROY. Was not that a private affair?
Mr. DAVIS. What do you mean by private,
sir? It was a public meeting invited by him. " I
am pressed," said he, in speaking to the gentle-
men present—about twenty-five in number, I be-
lieve—
n i am pressed with a difficulty not mentioned—one
which threatens division among those who, united, are
none too strong."
Sir, we were not too strong in June, 1861, when
I first came to this city, and there was nothing
