146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
37th Cong....3d Sbss.
Emancipation in Missouri—Mr. Rollins.
Ho. of Reps.
simplicity of character, his charity , his benevo-
lence, and the numerous private virtues which,
to this day, throw a beautiful charm around his
whole charactcr. He was the author of the eman-
cipation act of the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
of'1780, and .the whole of which I shall incorpo-
rate into these remarks, that all who desire to read
may inform themselves upon this interesting ques-
tion:
An act for the gradual abolition of siaveiy.
When we contemplate our abhorrence of that condition
to which the arms and tyranny of Great Britain weie ex-
erted to reduce us, when we look back on the variety of
dangers to which we have been exposed, and how miracu-
lously our wants in many instances have been supplied,
and our deliverances wrought, when even hope and human
fortitude have become unequal to the conflict, we are un-
avoidably led to a serious and grateful sense of the mani-
fold blessings which we have undeservedly received from
the hand of that Being from whom every good and peifeet
gift cometh. Impressed with these ideas, we conceive that
it is our duty, and we rejoice that it is in our power, to
extend a portion of that freedom to others which hath been
extended to us, and release from that state of thralldom to
which we ourselves were tyrannically doomed, and from
which we have now every prospect of being delivcied. it
is not for us to inquire why, in the creation of mankind,
the inhabitants of the sevcial parts of the earth wero«dis-
tinguished by a dtfteience in feature 01 complexion. It is
sufficient to know that all are the work'of tin Almighty
hand. We find, in the distribution of the human species,
that the most fertile as well as the most barien paitsof the
earth are inhabited by men of complexions different from
ouis and from each other; from whence we may reason-
ably, as well as religiously, infer that lie who placed them
in their various situations hath extended equally his care
and piotection to all, and that it becometh not tie* to coun-
teract his mercies. We esteem it a peculiar ble&sing
granted to us that we are enabled this day to add one more
step to universal civilization by removing as much as pos-
sible the sonows of those who have lived in undeserved
bondage, and from which,by the assumed authoriiyof the
kings of Gieat ikiuim, no effectual, legal ichef could be
obiained. Weaned by a long course of experience lima
those narrow piejudiees and paitiahtie-Mve had unbilled,
wo find our heaits onlaiged with kindness and benevolence
towaids men or all conditions and nations; and we eon- •
ceive ourselves at this particular period cxtiaoidinanly [
called upon by the blessings which we have leceived to i
manliest the sincerity of our piotession, and to give a sub- j
htanti.il proof of oui giatmido. j
'2. And whereas* the; condition ot those persons who have -
heieiolore been denominated negio and inul.tiio slaves has !
been attended with circumstances which notonly depnved i
them of the common blessing* that they were by nauuc
entitled to, but has ca*f them into the deepest afflictions by I
an unnatural separation and silo of husband and wife from i
eii(,h othei and hum then children, an injuiy the greatness
ol which can only be conceived by supposing that we weic
m the haine unhappy c;w ; injustice, ihei«ioie,to pel sons
so untiuppiiy circumstanced, and who, having no prospect
before tiiein whereon they may rest then souows and ihoir
hope... have no leusonable inducement to lender then ser-
vice to society, which they oiheiwiso mighl, and also in
grateful commemotaiion of out own happy dcllveiunee
Jrom that state of unconditional submission to which we j
weie doomed by the tyranny of Britain— i
3. lie it enacted t and 11 is he) clnj emitted. That all persons, j
a>! well negroo* and mulatlocs as othei who shall be bom !
within this ^late honi .unl alter the pas-1 tig of thn act shall I
not be deemed and eonM(l''ic<l asseivant^ toi lite, orsluves; |
and th.it all sej vutule loi lite, oi slavei vol elnlihen hi con- i
sequence of the siavt ly of tiieii motlici-, in the case of all '
children horn wiihin tins State from and altei ihc passing j
ot this act as aforesaid, shall be, ami heiclu h, utteily taken i
away, extinguished, and loievcr aboli -lied. I
4, Proiidcd alu-ays, and he itjuUhci cnaited, That i veiy !
negro and mulatto*child boiu within llus State atfei the [
pairing of tins aet, as aforesaid, (\v ho would, in case this ;
act had not been made, have been born a M-ivant foi yeais |
or life or a slave,) shall be deemed to be, anil shall be, by ,
virtue ot this act, the seivant ol such peison, or in- or her
assigns who would in such ca^e base been entitled to the
seivice ot such child, until such child shall attain unto the
age ot'twenty-eight \ears, in the manner ami on the con-
ditions wheieon sej v.uit« bound by lmlcutui e loi lour ycats
am or may be ii-tanied and holden, and '-liall be liable to
like coriection and punishment, and entitled to like iciicf
in case he or she be evilly Heated by hi1* oi her master or
miMi-e.^, and to like lieedom due* and otbci pimleges as ,
setvant, bound by indentuie tor (our years ni cor may be ,
en titled, unles- tin* peison to whom ilie >>ui v ice of any such :
child shall belong shah abandon bis or hei ciaun to the ;
same, in which c;im' the over<e?rs tit' the poor ot tho city, j
township, or di-ti icf, re^peetivi 1), where such child shall ■
h, so abandoned shall by indentiiie bmd out eveiv child so ■
abandoned a-; an appii mice ioi a time nor exceeding the ■
age hereinbeiorc limited toi the seivice ol such elnUhen.
.*>. */ind be it fartltej enacted, That evetv person who is
or shall be the ownci of any negio ui mulatto slave oi ser- ;
vant tor lite oi till the age of thuty-one yeais, now within j
this State, or his lawful attorney, shall, on or before the |
1st day ol November next, deliver or cause to be dehveied, j
in writing, to the cleik ot the peace of the county or totbe :
cieik ot the court ot lecord oi the city of Philadelphia ni
which he oi <he ^hall respectively inhabit, the name and sui-
nanie and occupation or profession ot such ownei, and the
name of the county and township, di^tuetoi waid wheietn [
he or &hu residuh, and aNo the name and name< ot any such j
slave and slaves, and servaiitandsorvantslor life, ot till the |
age of thnty-one years, togetlicr vvitJj then ages and sexes, ,
severally and respectively set foith and annexed by such per- J
son owned or statedly employed, and then beingwithin this
State, in order to ascertain and distinguish the slaves and
servants for life and till the age of thirty-one years within
this State who shall be such on the said 1st day of Novem-
ber next from all other persons; which particulars shall, by
said clerk of the sessions and clerk of the said city couit,
be entered in books to be provided for that purpose by the
said clerks; and that no negro or mulatto now within this
State shall, from and after the said 1st day of November,
be deemed a slave or servant for life or till the age of thirty-
one years, unless his or her name shall be entered as afore-
said on such record, except such negro and mulatto slaves
and servants as are hereinafter excepted: the said cleik to
be entitled to a fee of two dollars for each slave or servant
so entered as aforesaid from the treasurer of the county to
be allowed to bnn in his accounts.
6. Provided always, That any person in whom the owner-
ship or right to the service of any negro or mulatto shall be
vested at the passing of this act, other than such as are
hereinbefore excepted, his or her heirs, executors, admin-
istrators, and assigns, and all and every of them severally,
shall be liable to the overseers of the poor of the city, town-
ship, or district to which any such negro or mulatto shall
become chaigeable for such necessary expense, with costs
of suit thereon, as such oveisecrs may be put to tinough
the negleot of the owner, master, or mistress of such negro
or mulatto, notwithstanding the name and other descup-
tions of such negro or mulatto shall not be entered and re-
coided as aforesaid, unless his oi her master or ownei shall,
before such slave or servant attain his or her twenty-eighth
year, execute and record, in the pioper county, a deed or
instrument securing to such slave or servant his or her free-
dom.
7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the offenses and crimes
of negioesand muiauocs. as well slaves and servants as
freemen, shall be inquued'of, adjudged, corrected,and pun-
ished m like manner a< the offenses and crimes of the other
inhabitants of this State are and shall be inquiied of, ad-
judged, corrected, and punished, and not othei wise, except
that a &Javc shall not be admitted to bear witness against a
freeman.
8. J3nd be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein
sentence of death shall be pronounced against a slave, the
juiy before whom he or she shall be tiied shall appraise and
declare the value of such slave; and m case such sentence
be executed, the court shall make an order on the State
tieasuier. payable to the ownei, foi the same, and for the
oo-us of prosecution, but in case of remission or mitigation
foi the costs only.
i). Jlnd be it jurtherenacted, That the reward for taking
up runaway and absconding negio and mulatto slaves and
seivants, and the penalties for en lie me away, dealing with,
or harboring, concealing, or employing negto and mulatto
slaves and sei vants, shall be the same, and shall be iccov-
ered in like manner, as in ca^e of servants bound for four
years.
10. And be it Juilher enacted, That no man or woman of
any nation or eoloi, except the negroes or mulattoes who
shall be icgistered as aforesaid, shall at any time heteaftei
be deemed, adjudged, or holden within the terntories of
this Commonwealth as slaves or seivants for life, but as
Iree men and free women; except the domestic slaves at-
tending upon delegates in Congicss from the other Amer-
ican States, foreign mimsteis and consul", and persons
passing thiough or sojourning in this State and not becom-
ing icsident theiem, and seamen employed m ships not
belonging to any inhabitant of this State nor cmplojed in
any ship owned by any such inhabitant; piovidcd* such
domestic slaves be not alienated or «-oId to any inhabitant
nor (except in the case of member of CongMNs, foreign
ministeis, and consuls) ictained in this State longer than
six month**.
J i. Provided alivays, mid he it farther enacted, That til is
act or anything in it contained shall not give any ichcf or
shelter to any absconding or ntnaway negro or mulatto
slave or seivant, who ha* absented himtdf or shall absent
himself finm hi<orhet ownei, master, or mistress, residing
in any othei Slate oi counlry, but such owner, master, or
nnstie-s shall have like i ml it and aid to demand, claim, and
take away his >!a\enr servant, as he might have had in
case this act had not been made; and that all ncgio and
mulatto slaves now owned and heretofore resident in this
State who have absented them-olve.-, orbeen clandestinely
eatried away, or who may be employed abtoad as seamen
and have no'r upturned or been bioughr back to their own-
eis, masters, ot lawiesses before 'lie passing of this act,
may, within live yeais, he legwtered as effectually as is
ordeied by this act concerning fho><: who aie now within
the State,on pioducing such slave bcfoic any two justices
of the peace and ^ati-l'ymg the said ju-ticc-=, by due proof
of the jounet residence, absconding, takma away, or ab
hence of'-uch slave- a- afote-aid, who tbeieupon'shali di-
rect and oicler the said slave to be entered on the record as
aforesaid.
1:2. And wheieas attempts may be made to evade this act
by introducing into this State negioesand mulattoes bound
by covenant to.ioivefoi long and unreasonable teim&of
yeai- it" tiie same he not prevented :
}U. Be. it therefo) c enacted. That no covenant of personal
seivitude or apprenticeship whatsoever shall be valid or
binding on a negio oi mulatto for a longer time than seven
yeais, unless such servant oi appicntice were, at tiie com-
mencement ot such seivitude oi apprenticeship, under the
ago of twenty-one years in winch ease such negio or mu-
latto may be holden as a servant or apprentice respectively,
accoiding to the covenant as the ease shall be, until he or
she shall attain the a<rc of t went v-etght }eais, but no longer.
14. Jlnd bf. \t further cnacted, That an act of Asseinhlj of
the Piovinoe of Pennsylvania, passed m the year 1705, en-
titled f,An act tor the ina! of negioo« and another act of
A^emblv of the t.aid Piovmce, p iss^j ni iheyeat 1725, en-
titled "An act lor the better iculating of negroes m this
Province ;1' and another act of A«.*onib!v ot the said Prov-
ince, passed in the year entitled "An act for laying a
duty on negio and mulatto slaves impoihd into this Prov-
ince and also another act of Assembly of the said Prov-
ince, passed in the year 1773, entitled "An act for making
perpetual an act for laying a duty on negro and mulatto
slaves imported into this Province, and for laying an addi-
tional duty on said slaves," shall be, and are hereby, re-
pealed, annulled, and made void.
I "may add, Mr. Speaker, that this legislative
act had the approbation of George Washington.
Indeed, our whole previous history in the south-
ern States abounds with the names of southern
men who were greatly inclined to favor schemes
of gradual emancipatiqn as applied to all the States
of the Union.
In 1849 this subject was agitated in the State
of Kentucky. Many of the leading men of that
State at that day favored a plan of gradual emanci-
pation, but it failed on account of a large major-
ity of the people being opposed to its disturbance
at that time. Among the great and illustrious men
of that noble and proud old Commonwealth who
favored a plan of gradual emancipation was that
model statesman and disinterested patriot, Henry
Clay. Although he has long since gone to that
" undiscovered country, from whose bourne no
traveler returns," we have yet the light of his ex-
ample in his teachings, and speaking to us as4f
from the tomb, warning us of the dangers which
beset us in this terrible crisis on every side, and
pointing out the pathway which we should follow
to save the nation, and at the same time pro-
mote the best interests of our respective States.
While this subject was being discussed in Ken-
tucky, Mr. Clay was asked to give his opinion in
regaid to the true policy of the State, and in abet-
ter to Richard Pindell,Esq., of Lexington, Ken-
tucky, dated New Orleans, February 17, 1849,
gave his views at length upon the subject. It is
so replete with wisdom and valuable suggestions,
and so applicable in all respects to the circum-
stances in which the people of the State of Mis-
souri are now placed, that I reproduce the whole
of it:
New Orleans, Felnuary 17, 1840.
Dear Sir : Prior to my depaituie fiom home in Decem-
ber last, in behalf ot yourself and other friends yon ob-
tained fiom me a promise to make a public expo-ition of
my views and opinions upon a grave and impoitaut ques-
tion, winch, it was then anticipated, would be much de-
bated and considered by the people of Kentucky dui nig this
year in consequence of the approaching convention, sum-
moned to auHJiul their present constitution. I was not en-
tirely well when I left home, and owing to that cause, and
my confinement several weeks dining my sojouiu in thi^
city fiom the effects of an accident winch befell me, 1 have
b< en delayed jn the fulfillment of mv promise, which I now
propose to execute.
The question to which I allude is, whether Afiicau sla-
very, as it now exists m Kentucky, shall be left to a per-
petual or indefinite continuance,or some piovMon shall bo
made m the new constitution for its giadual and ultimate
extinction ?
A few general observations will sufficc my present pur-
pose, without entering on the whole subject of slavery
underfill its beanngs and in every aspect ol it. I am aware
that there are respectable persons who bciteve that slavery
i* a bleismcf, that the institution ought to exist in every
weil-oigamzed society, and that it is even favorable to tho
preservation of liberty. Happily, the number who entertain
these exliavagant opinion^ is not veiy gieat, and the time
would be uselessly occupied in the elaboiate refutation of
them. I would, however, retnaik that if slavery be fraught
with these alleged benefits, the principle on which it is
maintained would require that one portion of the white
race should be leduced to bondage to serve another pottion
of the same lace when black subjects of siaveiy could not
be obtained ; and that m Africa, where they may entoitain
as gieat a preference for their color a* we do im ouh, they
would be justified in reducing the white lace to siaveiy m
order to secure the blessings which that state is said to
diffuse.
An argument in support of reducing the African race to
slavery is sometimes derived from their alleged intellect-
ual infeuoiity to the white races; but if this aigument be
founded in fact, (as it may he, but which f shall not now
examine,) it would pioveentiielv too much. It would prove
that any white nation which had made greater advances m
civilization, knowledge, and wi-dom than another white
nation, would have anaht to reduce lhe Litter to a state
of bondage. Nay, Anther, if the piincipie of subjugation
founded upon intellectual superiority be true, and Inappli-
cable to races and to nations, what is to prevent its being ap-
plied to individuals? And then the wisest man inthewoild
would have a right to make slaves of all the rest of man
kind. Il, indeed, we possess this intellectual «uperionty,
profoundly giatetul and thankful to Him who iias bestowed
it, we ought to fulfill all the obligations and duties winch
it imposes; and these would require us not to subjugate or
deal unjustly by our fellow-men who are less blessed than
we are, but to instruct, to improve, and to enlighten them.
A vast majority of the people of the United States, in
every section of them, I believe, regret the introduction ot
slavery into the colonies under the authority of our British
ancestors, lament that a single slave treads our soil, de-
plore the necessity of the continuance of slavery in anyof
the Rates, regard the institution as a great evil to both
