THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
but unity then in the loyal States. But the Pres-
ident continued:
."An instance of it Is known to you. General Hunter is
an honest man. He was, and I hope still is,.my friend.*'
And they have sent him to take command of a
grand army to make an assault upon the south-
ern Gibraltar; a man who has about capacity and
patriotism and self-respect and lofty ambition
enough to lake the management of an underground
railroad through some of the free States to Can-
ada. I wish the President had sent a man of abil-
ity, of heroism and national principles to take that
important command.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What do yon
mean by national principles?
Mr. DAVIS. Why, that he had sent Buell or
McClellan there. Yes, sir, McClelian, the abused
McClellan, who has shown greatly more of milita-
ry intellect than any man yet that has been brought
to succeed liim in the command of the army of
the Potomac.
Mr. HOWARD. He never gained a battle.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, lie never lost one;
[laughter;] and I tell you,Mr. Presidentand Sen-
ators, the man who saves and protects his army,
even if he does it by over-caution, acts a better
Fart than he who, by rashness, has it destroyed,
f McClellan did not fight battles at each partic-
ular time when he ought to have fought them, 1
will lay down this proposition: he never fought
one when he ought not to have fought it.
Mr. CHANDLER. He never fought at nil
unless attacked.
Mr. DAVIS. Gentlemen, that kind of slang
will not do.
Mr. HO WARD. Your slang will not do, per-
haps.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, answer if, and I will re-
ply. [Laughter.] Sir, we have had General Lin-
coln managing all of our operations in the field;
and such mismanagement, such mischievous re-
sults have never arisen fiom the management of
any man in the conduct of military affairs. Hut
I will continue the reading of tills extract:
*'An instance of it Is known to you. General Hunter is
an honest mnn. He way, and I hope still i*, my friend. [
valued him none the less for his agiecmg with me in the
general wish that all men everywhere could be freed, fie
proclaimed ail men free within ceilnin States, and f repu-
diated the proclamation. He e\pocted more Rood and less
harm from the measure than I could believe would lollow.
Yet, in repudiating it, I g.iv i dissatisfaction, if not offense,
to many whose suppoit the country cannot a fiord to lo.se.
And thitrls not the end of it. The pressure in this direc
tion Ih-mIU upon me and Increasing. By conceding what
J now a>-k, you ran relieve me, and, much moie, can relieve
the country in this important point."
Whatwas the President'.proclamation? " Here
I offer you my compensated emancipation policy"
-—to use his phrase—44 accept it; if you do so, you
relieve me ftom that pressure that is urging me
to the issuing, of the pioclamations" that were
afterwards issued; " you will relieve me from that
great pressure, and, besides, you will do a great
service to the country." We did not think that
it was consistent with our duty to the people of
Ameiica and the Constitution of the United States
to yield to him; and what was the consequence?
In due time this pressure subjugated him. He
yielded his deliberate opinions and principles, as
expressed in the various papers from which I
have read, and immediately became a captive at
discretion to the potent power that was besieging
hurt. He is now th&r captive. He is not con-
ducting the war upon his own principles, upon
his own reason. He has been subjugated to their
views, and those views he has endeavored to carry
out in defiance of the Constitution, and against
his previously oft-expressed opinions and con-
victions.
The two Houses of Congress took up these
topics at the extra session, two days after the
battle of Bull Run. I was not here when that
deplorable disaster occurred; but I have heard
members of both Houses speak of the consterna-
tion and the panic that seized upon the President
and upon members of Congress and the whole
population that was heie assembled on that occa-
sion.
Mr. POMEROY. I was not frightened.
Mr. DAVIS. The brave and gallant Senator
from Kansas may be an exception. What reso-
Jutionj>assed this body with only three or four
dissenting voices, and two of them secessionists
or sympathizers with secession, m July, 1861, a
day or two after th« battle of Bull Run? It ha*
been re'ad a thousand times; it is stereotyped, hut
it is not stereotyped upon the right plate. That
plate ought to be the sensorium and the hearts of
the Senators who voted for it. The men who voted ■
for that resolution ought to grave it deeply, indel-
ibly upon their understanding and their hearts;
it ought to have been present to them in all their
deliberations in relation to the policy of carrying
on this war. They ought to have adhered to"it
in good faith. What is it? This is the resolution:
"Resolved, That the present deplorable civil war has
been forced upon the countiy by the disunionKts of the
southern States now in revolt against the constitutional
Government and in arms around the capital; that In this
national emeigency, Congress, banishing alt feelings of
mere passion or lesentment, will recollect only its duty to
the whole country ; that this war is not waged upon our
part in any spirit of oppiession, nor for any purpo>c of con-
quest or subjugation, nor purpose of overthiowing or intei-
fering with the rights or established institutions of those
States, but to deiend and maintain the supremacy of the
Cons-titution and to presei veUie Union, with all the dignity,
equality, and rights of the seveial States ununpaued; that
ss soon as these objects are accomplished, the war ought to
cease."
Now, Mr. President, a juster, truer, and more
noble basis upon which to prosecute a war to put
down an insurrection was never declaied. Here
the President was committed to it; the two Houses
of Congress were committed to it; and it was after
they had committed themselves thus solemnly that
this Government, including the executive and le-
gislative branches, made its appeal to the patriot-
ism of American citizens to come to the standard,
the old standard of Washington, and to bear that
standard upon this platform.
Mr. President, will any gentleman tell me that
the measures since proposed and passed by the
two Houses of Congress, and the proclamations
of the President, keep within that platform? No,
sir. I suppose that in Pennsylvania, and every
other State, there is a law making it a felony to
obtain money or property by false pretenses.
There is such a law in my State. Now, suppose
that, to get money or property, an individual had
piacticed all the pretenses that are set forth in the
extracts which I have read from the President's
message, and in the resolution which this body
passed, and had got value to any amount what-
ever, and then had turned around and repudiated
the very pretenses on which he got the money
and property, as the principles on which this war
was com meneett have been repudiated by the Pres-
ident and by Congress, I ask my honorable friend
from Michigan, or any other lawyer m this body,
if an individual obtaining money upon such a
parallel case of false pretenses could not be con-
victed of felony and sentenced to be confined in
the penitentiary?
Mr. HOWARD. If you were the judge, prob-
; ably.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; and if such a case had
J occurred under James Buchanan your judgment
| would ha e corresponded with mine. We should
| have judged together. Now, I put this ease to the
! honorable gentleman: suppose Breckinridge had
I been elected; suppose the northern States had re-
volted against his election, as the southern States
revolted against Mr. Lincoln, and that he had
waged waragainstthem for the ostensible purpose
of reducing them to obedience to the Constitution
and the laws; and then suppose he iiad gone forth
and had issued parallel proclamation* to those
which have been issued by Mr. Lincoln, for the
purpose of carrying slavery into the free States,
I then ask my honorable and respected and
learned friend from Michigan if he would not
have thought such proclamations unconstitutional'
They would have been flagrantly &o.
Mr. President, Mr. Clay's name has been con-
jj nected with abolitionism. What did he say about
'] abolitionism twenty years ago? He said:
II " With thorn [the abolitionists'] the rights of property are
i; nothing; the acknowledged and incontestable powers of
i| the States are nothing; the dissolution of the Cmou and
j j th« ovei ihtow ol the Gov ei umeiit in which are concentrated
!■ the hopes of a civilized world are nothing A single idea
!j has taken possession of their minds, and onward they pur-
sue it, overlooking all barrier?, reckless and repaid'ess of
'[ all consequences.''
1 There never was more truth spoken in the same
\ ffpnee. Sir, what did Phillips say here in his lec-
:I tun? in tins city? That he had been warring for
nineteen years for the dissolution of the Union
i! and the overthrow of the Constitution, because he
;j knew that slavery could not be abolished under
il the Constitution. Rhett was working to the same
?i end, but with different motives. Here were th<*
extremes acting together. What wasll language
of the Governor of South Carolina of the abolition-
ists? "The abolitionists of the North are our
best friends." That was true, too. The one wanted
a separate confederation, and the other the over-
throw of slavery in defiance of the Constitution.
They were both working to that end—the disso-
lution of the Union—but for different purposes.
And, sir, who dreamed when Garrison and Phil-
lips commenced their crusade upon the Constitu-
tion, that they were going to achieve success so
soon? Itonly proves that the machinations and
the energies of mischievous men in the work of
ruin are infinitely more effective than is the work
of construction and preservation.
The State of Kentucky has often been referred
to in debate,|tnd the universal theme of denuncia-
tion has been slaveholders and slavery. Well,
as the Lord liveih, if 1 had one tenth part of ths
aversion, the hatred, the detestation of slavery
and slaveholders that gentlemen on this floor and
in the other House of Congress have, instead of
desiring to hold them to me by the power of arms,
I would kick them as far as the Arctic or Antarc-
tic circle from me. Every gentleman who comes
here and wants to make a little political capital at
home, plays upon the "harp of a thousand strings"
called slavery, i would desire gentlemen to give
us a little variation by setting some of their phil-
ippics to music, as some Yankee teacher set lee-
sons in geography and other studies to music in
the western States. I think it would be a most
agreeable diversity.
But, Mr. President, the difficulties of my State
have been adverted to. It has been said, again
and again, that all of our material interests, or the
great mass of them, were with the South. We
had a trade, as I have stated again and again, in
good times with the South, amounting to about
ten million dollais a year. Many of our citizens
hud gone there and established cotton and sugar
plantations. They had leturntd in their age, and
after they had acquired wealth, and their sons and
their daughters had married with the sons and
daughters of those whom they had feft behind
them. We had a community of institution, and
we were told that there was a design to attack that
institution. We denied it stoutly; but we are now
obliged to concede that such was the covert pur-
pose of many men at the time. Before the addi-
tional article of war, as it is called, was established
by Congiess, we had a great many regiments from
all the free States to march into Kentucky. I be-
came acquainted with them, their officers, their
rank and file. Some of the regiments elected me
an honorary member. There was Harris and Sill
and Norton and Fife and Vandever and Carroll
of Indiana, and others that I became acquainted
with, gallant, brave, true, and loyal men to the
Constitution. They marched through all the coun-
ties in my pail of the State. Our population, men,
women, and children, went out to meet them with
open heait.s and open hands, to welcome them to
their portals, and to give them every greeting and
hospitality which one people could give to another.
But then was adopted this mischievous addi-
tional at tide of war, and the whole thing was
changed. Therecamem someabolition regiments;
one, with seven companies, from the district of a
gentleman who represents a district in Illinois in the
other House. Colonel Curtis was the commander
of it. These abolitionists would leave their camps
and their commands and circulate among our
slaves, and urge and incite them to rise in revolt
against their masters. Sir, there was one of these
regiments marching by my gate in the presence
of my family, and all my servants were on one
side ofthegate and my daughters and their friends
on the other side; and as they passed along what
did they say? They taunted them: " there it is,
the whites on one side, the darkies on the other;"
" never mind," said they to the darkies, ** on the
1st of January you will be free at any rate." They
would bow low to the slaves and looked defiantly
at the whites. That very night stragglers came
from that camp to my servants and to the servants
of my neighbors, and endeavored to incite them to
servile insurrection, as the slaves reported.
I was in my own native town on a Sunday,and
I saw this p gmient of Curtis marching through
Mount Sterling. They had gone out and had se-
duced thirty or forty slaves of loyal men to go into
their camp and their ranks. I saw as loywl men as
therearf  n this body, or us there are living, who**e
