THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7;
ages, and you want to put them in a position
Where they will relapse into savageism again.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to suggest that it can-
not be possible that this race, after they have been
tinder the humanizing effects of "the domestic in-
s£itution"as itisenjoyed by the State of Kentucky,
call be regarded in the same light with the savages
whose employment Lord Chatham denounced.
Mr. DAVIS. How iong were the negroes of
San Domingo under the humanizing influence of
the French; and yet when they reared success-
fully the standard of insurrection, how soon did
they degenerate into barbarism and into the most
bloody and diabolical devils?
Mr. GRIMES. I have heard the Senatorallude
to'that subject before. Allow me to ask him, if
he is familiar with the history of San Domingo,
Whether, in his opinion, greater atrocities were
perpetrated upon the French inhabitants by the
colored race than were perpetrated by the French
inhabitants upon the colored race?
Mr. DAY1S. Yes, sir; I do think so; and J read
the evidence here at the last session; and if the
gentleman will just recur to a history of San Do-
mingo that is now in the Library, he will find it
all written; but since the gentleman is interroga-
ting me I will ask the same privilege of him.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. DAY1S. I ask the Senator from Iowa,
which does he believe is in the best condition, the
host of uncivilized and pagan negroes in Africa,
Or the negroes in the United States? Which is in
the best condition ? I seem to have nonplussed
the Senator, and I will go on. As he will not
answer the question, 1 will answer it myself.
[Laughter.] That host of eighty million true
negroes who are in Africa are in a state of ex-
treme barbarism. I do not know certainly whether
any of them are cannibals or not; but i suppose
they are. They are certainly in ignorance, in the
want of intelligence, of moral cultivation, of ma-
terial comfort, of everything that can minister to
the wants of a human being. They are certainly
in a much lower and more degraded condition than
our slave negroes of the United States of America.
Now, if the honorable Senator from Iowa, who
is a great philanthropist, and who can scarcely
think of the negro and his wrongs and his enslaved
condition without shedding tears—and that is es-
pecially the case with the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts—they want an ample field where
they will have scope and verge enough to indulge
all their philanthropy, and all their efforts to re-
claim a degraded, savage, ignorant, pagan people,
let them go with Livmgstone,and other travelers,
to Timbuctoo, or other portions of Africa, and
there take possession of that most ample field.
But, Mr. President, 1 was saying a word in re-
lation to Colonel Barre, a member of the British
Parliament. He had been an officerin the British
army, but wc have no history of him for his mil-
itary service anywhere, and we have no civil his-
tory of him except for a single speech that he
made.
Mr. SUMNER. He had served in our coun-
try before that.
Mr. DAVIS. He had won no laurels; he had
served in the French war, I presume. How many
school-boys have declaimed and have warmed and
become enthused in the declamation of that great
philippic of his against the cruelty and inhuman-
ity of the British Government in employing the sav- i
ages against the colonists in the American war! !
Mr. GRIMES. Because he only made one |
speech. \
Mr. DAVIS. I have heard of" single speech [
Hamilton,"and I suppose this was " single speech i
Bar re." I
Mr. SUMNER. It was not more than five j
minutes long.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senators fiom Iowa and
Massachusetts had confined all their senatorial
eloquence to as short and vehement and eloquent |
and true a denunciation of the employment of ne- '
groes in this war, they would have won more
fame than they will ever achieve in their lifetime.
I commend his example to them.
But, Mr. President, I have gone off into a long
digression. The gentlemen have amused them-
selves with me, and I have endeavored to have
some amusement with them. [Laughter.] I hopQ
the amusement has been reciprocal. At any rate,
it has been entirely kind on my part, and I have
doubt eminently so on theirs, i dismiss the
subject and them with my profound personal
respect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 11, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs- Fessetiden, Grimes, Harlan, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, Pomeroy, Rice, Sumner, Wade,
Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—li.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Harding,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, King, Latham, Mor-
rill, Nesmith, Powell, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wall, Wiiley, and Wilson of Missouri—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. POWELL, (at ten minutes past ten o'clock,
p. m.) I move that the Senate do now adjourn,
and on that question I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Davie, Hauling, Kennedy, Pow-
ell, Saul&buiy, Turpie, Wall, and Wilson of Missouri—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,Grimes,Harlan,
Harris, Henderson, Ilowaid, Howe, Kin«r, Lane of Indiana,
Lane #f Kansas, Latham, Morrill, Pomeroy, Rice, Sher-
man, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Ttumbull, Wade, Wiiley, Wil-
mot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—-30.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I offer this amendment, as a
new section:
be it further enacted, That no part of the bonds in
this act mentioned, or any part of the money aiising fiom
the sale of said bonds, shall be used or nppiopriated lor any
other purpose than for paying the slaveholders of Missouri
for tiieir slaves, or for the purpose of tian>poitiji£ or colo-
nizing the slaves aforesaid ; and no part of the bonds afore-
said, or the money arising fiom the s«alu of the hauic, shall
be u<.<'d for paying salaries or providing machinery (or the
emancipation or colonization of the slaves aforesaid.
I will state the reason why I desire to have this
amendment adopted. In many schemes of this
kind, where money is appropriated for a definite
object, the fund is very much exhausted in pay-
ing salaries to officials. I know that in connection
with this very subject of negroes, a great many
persons here hold office and cxpect to make money
out of the Government. It is so with the cotton
business at Hilton Head. The sole effect of it,
whether that be the object or not, is to put money
in the pockets^of miserable office-holders. I do
not want any of this fund appropriated for any
such purpose. I want it all, every dollar of it, to
ho appropriated for the purpose of paying the
owners for their negroes, and their deportation
and colonization. Let the State of Missouri fur-
nish all the machinery herself, and pay salaries
if she chooses to do so. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment.
The yras and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the amendment
will be defeated. It provides for nothing at nil.
The Senator will sec by examining the bill that
the amount to be paid for each slave is limited,
and the value of slaves is more than the amount
limited in the bill; and therefore if any machinery
is necessary the State must provide it, not you.
Mr. POWELL. 1 want to put it beyond the
possibility of doubt. Put it in the law, and then
there can be no difficulty about it.
The question being token by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Davis, Iliekq, Latham, Nes-
mitl), Powell, Rice, Wall, and Wilson oi Missouri—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fe&senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Harris, Honder&on, Howard, ilowe, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wiiley, Wilmot, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I desire now to address the
Senate upon the main features of the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky whether he would not just as soon
address the Senate upon the passage of the bill.
Let us get it out of committee into the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I am willing to get it out of
committee if you want to do so.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Question
is on concurring in the amendment made as ift
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, there perhapti
never was submitted to the Senate of the United
States a more grave or more important subject
than the one which is now presented. It is a
measure that, in* the. judgment of myself and
many others, is directly in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and destructive of
the rights of the States of this Union. It is a
measure that I believe has been condemned by
the party platforms-of all parties in this coun-
try, from the days of Mr. Jefferson to this time.
1 know of no class of politicians who have main-
tained that the Congressof the United States had
the right or the power to interfere with the local
institutions of the States. In the various agita-
tions of the subject of slavery through which
this country has passed for many years back, no
party organization has claimed the constitutional
power to interfere with this institution in the
several States. There is but one class of politi-
cians that ever claimed this power, and they were
a class of miserable, crazy, one-ideaed fanatics,
who claimed it under a power above the Consti-
tution. They were aclass of people, insignificaht
in numbers, distempered in brain, who were vile
and wicked agitators and disturbers of the public
peace, and who claimed that they were governed
by a law above and higher than the Constitution
of the country. It affords me pleasure to state
that that class of people heretofore have been
few. The Republican party since its accession
to power seems fully to have embraced thi% de-
structive and revolutionary dogma. The Repub-
lican party, in none of its party platforms as far
as I am advised, ever claimed this power. So far
from claiming it, they expressly repudiated it in
the Chicago platform. What is left of the Repub-
lican party, following the lead of the President,
have abandoned the part of their platform to
which I have alluded, and fully embraced the
higher law doctrine.
Before I proceed to that point I will ask the
Senators who advocate this bill, as they have been
frequently asked by those who have spoken in
the Opposition, to point me to the clause in the
Constitution that authorizes its passage. I do not
suppose there is any Senator hero who will claim
that we can exercise powers not delegated to us by
the Constitution. We are the creatures of the Con-
stitution. We derive all our powers from it; and
those who claim the right to exercise power, when
challenged, should show the warrant in the Consti-
tution. No Senator has pointed to the clause in the
Constitution that would authorize the passage of
this bill. The Senatorfrom Missouri, [Mr. Hen-
derson,] who made a very elaborate speech on
this subject some days since, did not claim that
he had any constitutional warrant for its passage.
No Senator who^has advocated this bill lias con-
descended to point to the clause in the Constitu-
tion that warranted its passage. As far as I am
advised they claim that they have it under the
war power. I think the honorable Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] claimed it under the war
power. The honorable Senator from Missouri,
in the elaborate speech that he made, to which I
have alluded, intimated, though he did not claim
it, that perhaps we had the right under the war
power to pass this bill; and he made some refer-
ence to a speech made by John Quincy AdamS
in the ether end of this Capitol many years ago.
It is unnecessary, Mr. President, for me tofur^
ther notice the constitutional objection. Wc have
demanded over and over again that those Sena-
tors who advocate the passage of this bill should
point us to the warrant in the Constitution that
authorizes it. My colleague has shown, in some
very pointed remarks that he made in the early
part of the evening, that it was utterly unconsti-
tutional. His positions have not been contro*
verted; they cannotbe successfully controverted.
In order to carry out this measure wefind the Sen-
ate of the United States ready to enter up a sol-
emn decree to do that which the Constitution of
your country does not authorize. Sir, that is a
strange spectacle to me. I thought that we were
all bound by that instrument. I thought it was a
law unto us; before taking our scats we sworcat
your desk to support it. Believing in the obliga-
tion ofthatoath, I,forone,cannot and will not east
any vote which in my judgment is in violationof
that instrument. Other Senatdrs can think of it
