1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
37tii Cong....3d Sess.
Emancipation in Missouri—Mr. Norton.
Ho. of Beps.
t-ion of slavery foiever fiom &aid State, to prepare and
deliver to tlu; Governor of the State, to be u-sed by said
State to compensate foi the inconveniences produced by
such change ol system, Ixnids ot the United States to the
amount of $20,000,000. beating s=ix per cent interest, and
payable in thirty veais : Provided, Thjittiie bond* shall not
be delivered unless the art ol'emnueipatimi ahull be adopt-
ed by said State wnhin twelve monitis after the passage of
this act, noi ynles- said act «=halt piovide that slavery oi in-
voluntary bcrvitude, except in punhhinent for crime, shall
forever cease and determine on some day not later than
the 4th day of July, 18G5, and nevei afteiwards be intro-
duced theifin.
It is further provided that the bonds authorized
to be issued in their aggregate amount shall not
exceed thesum of$200foreach slave emancipated.
Now, sir, 1 undeitake to say that the provis-
ions of this bill are impracticablc. The State of
Missouri must first adopt, under its provisions, in
twelve months, a valid and constitutional law
emancipating (he slaves in the State, and make
proof satisfactory to the President that it lias been
adopted, when he is required to issue $20,000,000
of bonds if emancipation is consummated in lb'65,
or $10,000,000 if postponed till 1876. Now, 1 pro-
pose to show th.it under the constitution of that
State it is impossible for the Legislature to pass
a valid and constitutional law,in twelve months,
emancipating the slaves of the State.
The constitution of Mis«oim piovides, that the General
Asscnibh Miall have no powei to pa-=s law?: tir^t, lor the
emancipation o( t-Javc.- without the consent ol'(hen own-
"cjs oi without pay nip: them before such emancipation a lull
equivalcntfoi Mich slaves «.o emancipated ; and second, to
prevent bona fide einnnanr- to tin- State or aetugil settles
therein, ftom lirnuinu luun any of the United States o - t'mm
any of then Teictoucs <ueh persons as may be deemed to
be slaves po long as any persons of the s.tme description sue
allowed to be mid a> slaves by the law?. oi ibis State "
The propositionsannounced in these ptovit>ions
of otu organic law are plain and simple, not sus-
ceptible of two interpretations. They were placed
there at the instance of Mr. Benton, who said but
a short time before hisdeath that his [Arposc and
object for having them incorpoiated in the funda-
mental law was to prevent m the State the very
slavery agitation which this hill is intended to
introduce. Here, sir, m the constitution which
cieates the Missouri Legislature and confers upon
it all the power it possesses, is an express denial
of power, prohibiting them m terms fiom eman-
cipating the slaves of the State unless upon one
of two conditions, namely, first, the consent of
the owners, or, in the absence of that, they ate
required to pay the owners a full equivalent be-
fore emancipation for ihe slaves emancipated. It
is not pietended by my colleague who advocates
this bill thaYthe Legislature, by virtue of the
consent of the owners of slaves, have the power
to pass an emancipation law. No such consent
is claimed, no such consent has been obtained.
If, then, the Legi^latuie have the power at all
they derive it from the fact that they havu the
means at their disposal and m their hands to pay
the slave-owner a full equivalent for the slave be-
fore the act of emancipation takes effect. This,
sir, is upon the principle that the State may have
the risht whenever she has the means to go into
the slave market, buy up the enure slave popula-
tion in th>'State,t!uisconverimg it into State piop-
erty, aiid being thus eonvei ted into State juop-
erty, they have the right to emancipate, and not
before.
This bill proposes to send Missouri into the
si,we market with $50,000,000 of six per cent.
United States bonds to enable her to buy the slaves
of the State, parr cash in hand, the balance on a
credit of one and two years; for this $"20,000,000
is only to be issued in the event of full < mancipa-
tion taking place on or before the 4th day of July,
1865, or with $10,000,000 if she buys the Haves
on a credit of thnteen years, running to the 4<h
day of July, 18TG. In other word*, Missoun is
to ree."ve from the public Treasury $20,000,000
if she buys on shoit time, or $10,000,000 if she
buys on l<mg tunc. Althttfjgh this hill is sugai-
coh ted, and the anpropi lation of $20,000,000 is
made, in the language of the bill, " to compensate
for the inconveniences produced by the change of
system, "to su itt he conscientious scruples of some
oi nili-meii on this floor, yet, disguise it as you
may, it is n<> tin n<r moi e nor less than a pi opinion
to buy human brings with the people'* money,
and just su- h a proposition as a close tiader would
make, for it limits the puce to be paid to $200 per
head.
Now, sir, is the appropriation sufficient to ac-
complish the object of emancipation in Missouri
under the constitution and laws of the State as
they now exist, and can the Legislature by any
act of their's pass a valid and constitutional law
of emancipation in twelve mouths? I think I risk
nothing in saying that they cannot.
According to the census of I860, there were of
slaves m Missouri,aboutl20,000. According to
the report of the auditor of the State, founded upon
returns made for the year 1862, by the assessors
m forty-odd counties, there cannot now be less
than 100,000 slaves in the State, in my judgment,
not ovet 5,000 of them aie subject to confiscation
under the confiscation law, leaving 95,000 to be
bought and paid for. Before the Legislature can
emancipate them, they must first pay a full equiva-
lent for them. Not an equivalent which Congress,
by an arbitrary legislative act, fixes; not an equiv-
alent which legislative enactment declares, but
the worth, the value of the slave as ascertained
from the market rate, by a proceeding-, not legis-
lative, but judicial m its character. 1 notice sales
recently made in Howard county, in the disuict
of my colkague, [Mi. Hall,] at $900; in other
counties at from $600 to $700, for negro men.
These figuies and the former value of slaves, lead
me to conclude that the average value of the slaves
in the State would not fall below $450. Thus, sir,
we have the price and the numbei to be bought;
the pi ice being $450, and the number 95,000 to be
bought. The value of these slaves at that price
would be $42,750,000. By this bill you place at
the disposal of the Governor $20,000,000 of bonds;
and if the Legislatuie, out of the State tieasury,
could also appropriate $22,750,000, then the Le-
gislatuie could, m twelve months, pass a valid and
constitutional law for the emancipation of slaves,
according to the terms of the bill.
But, sir, this is impossible, for we have in our
State constitution limited the indebtedness of the
State to $30,000,000. The State has now bonds
issued to the various i ailroads of the Slate and au-
thorized to be issued amounting to $24,950,000.
To this is to be added, for other indebtedness,
$602,000. The interest on the total indebtedness
to January 1, 1863, is $2,902,120--the interest on
all the bonds, except those issued to the Hanni-
bal and St. Joseph Railroad Company, not hav-
ing boon paid since July 1, 15361. Thus the total
indebtedness of the State, including infeiest, is
now $28,454,120; which, being deducted from
$30,000,000, the utmost limit to which the Legis-
lature can go, would leave the sum of $1,545,880,
which tin. Legislature mi«huuld to the $20,000,000
wh te h this Congi ess pi o posses to take fiom the pub-
lic Treasuiy for immediate emancipation. Both
sums added together would place in the hands of
the Legislature means enough to pay for one half
the i eg t oe.N in the State, leaving the other half still
in bondage. This at once shows the impractica-
bility of th is scheme, if constitutional obligations
are to be observed.
Its impracticability is also seen in another point
of view. The clause of the Constitution which
I read a moment ago declares that the Logishituie
shall have no power to pievent citizens of other
States from bunging into tin State chives so long
as that description of peisons are allowed to he
held as slaves under the laws of the State of Mis-
souri. Jf the Legislature accepts the provisions
' of tins bill should it become a law, and also enacts
■ that slavery shall cease to exist in Missouri m
j 18G5, thus> recognizing it till that period, then
| e\eiv citizen of Missouii has the tight to bring
; into the State as many slaves as they may desire;
, and as this bill expiest-ly declare* that slaves thus
I In ought into th* State shall not be paid foroutof
| the uppioru iahon winch it makes, it follows that
i all such persons would be still hold as si ives while
j the present slave population miLrht be made free,
j Bu', sir. tin owing aside all considerations of this 'i
1 kind, I shall oppose this bill upon higher grounds, j'
! and have only pursued the line of aigument I have j!
| for the purpose of demonstiating to the country
| and those who are the special advocates of this <■
; scheme its utter and entire impiacueability. :
i We can neithet claim nor can Congress excr- j
I rise any other powei than that which h expressly j
! delegated to it, or so neeessjnly unfilled [hat the ■
j failure to exercise the implied powei would render j
ii nugatory an expressly delegated power. Where i:
is your grantof power? Where is your warrant
for the passage of this bill? The people whose
money you are taking have a right to know,and
will demand to know, whence comes your power-
to do this thing. Where do you get the right to-
invade a State with money in your hand? to.oVejfr
turn and regulate its internal domestic affairs, ati d
require of that State to enter into a solemn com-
pact with the Government binding themselves and
their posterity not to exercise a right now pos-
sessed by eve^y State in this Union, to change,
alter, or modify at -pleasure their laws or their
constitutions, provided their alterations or modi-
fications are not inconsistent with the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States? Where do
you get the right to enter into a solemn treaty
and compact with a State in the Union? Whence
comes your right to enforce it if entered into?
But my colleague, having contented himself
wiihoutmakingan argument directed to the points
above mentioned, has rested his claims for the pas-
sage of the bill upon what he says is the desire of
the people of the State. He says the people of the
State desire Congress to appropriate money for
the purpose, and therefore Congress ought to do
it. If this were a sufficient reason for the passage
of acts like these, the request of Illinois, through
her convention and Legislature, asking Congress *
to enlarge her canal, as well as the desire of the
people of New York for the enlargement of the
Erie canal, would have been granted,and the ca-
nal bill a few days since defeated in this House
would have received its sanction.
My colleague who has the charge and manage-
ment of this bill has advanced no argument in sup-
port of it, but seems to justify the abstraction of
$20,000,000 from the publicTreasury, because,in
his opinion, theend to be accomplished by it—the
abolition of slavery in Missouri—is a desirable
one, and to be followed by results vastly benefi-
cial to the people of that State. He proceeds upon
the principle that the end justifies the means.
Why, sir, that gentleman has stood committed-i—
if the votes which he has cast in this House for the
past four years, with the exception of those cast
by him during this session of Congress, can com-
mit him—that Congress has no right to interfere,
either directly or indirectly, with slavery in the
States. In probably as many as fifty public
speeches he has stood committed not only to the
doctune that Congress could not either directly
or induectly interfere with slavery in the States,
but that it could exercise no such power in the
Territoi ics. In those positions, I think he stood
upon constitutional grounds. If those positions
hitherto held by him were the true positions,
where does he get the power to-day lo ask Con-
gress fo step in and interfere directly upon this
subject by appropriating $20,000,000 of the peo-
ple's money with whtc.li to purchase theslavesof
the people of the State?
Why, sir, in his advocacy of this bill he goes
oven beyond the Chicago platform, which Mr.
Lincoln declared should be a law unto him, for
one of the resolutions of that platfoim declares
that Congress has no power to interfere with the
question of slavery in the States where it exists.
Now if this was a true declaration of principle, 1
ask my colleague as well as gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber who stood upon that
platform to demonstrate to the country how it
is that they claim to-day a power for Congress
which but a short time ago they solemnly declared
Congress did noi possess? Where do you get
power to-day, winch you published to the world
on yesterday you did not have and could not
exercise ; The Const itntion remains just as it was
when you made that solemn affii manor) of princi-
ples. He says that there has been an election
recently held m Missouri in which the ^people de-
teiminid in favor of emancipation. Now, sir, I
hold that no gentleman has a right here to demand
of me my views in regard to emancipation in my
State, for that is a subject with winch, in my judg-
ment, this Congress has nothing whatever to do.
It is a local matter, pertaining to the peoph* of the
State, and to them alone. It is aquestinn which
belongs exclusively to them, to be passt d upon by
them, fiee fiom Federal contiol or influence.
Not only free from Federal interference, but free
from the inteiference of the people of any other
State, either adjacent or distant. Why, sir,upon
