150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
3Tth Cons....3d Sess.
Emancipation in Missouri—-Mr. Norton.
' Ho. of Reps.
this very subject in the last Congress a proposi-
tion was made to amend the Constitution of the
United States, declaring that Congress had no
power to interfere with the question of slavery in
the States, but that the Constitution should not be
subject to amendment so as to confer upon Con-
gress the power at any time to abolish it without
the consent of the States.
But, sir, I undertake to deny the correctness of
the statement made by my colleague, that at the
election to which he refers the people determined
in fuvor of emancipation as proposed in the bill
as amended by the Senate, or as proposed in the
original bill introduced by himself. Now, sir, my
colleague knows that when this question was pre-
sented to the people it was always presented m
connection with deportation of the slaves emanci-
pated. He knows that in a speech made by Mr.
Henderson, as one o&the champions of eman-
cipation, which was very extensively circulated,
and constituted, to some extent, the text of the
comparatively few emancipationists in the State,
he only advocated emancipation upon the ground
of deportation. He used in that speech the fol-
lowing language:
" In a social point of view, 1 was aware that areat tU-
* versity of opinion existed both in Congress and in Missouri.
Many behove it now impracticable to separate the races.
Ofiis practicability in Missouri I had no doubt. Coloniza-
tion is possible m this State at least, and in case of accept-
ance by the people 1 desired tills condition to be attached
aa a sine qua non. Again, I wanted no sudden convulsion
of the labor system in the State, tf adopted at all, I wanted
it In such form that the gradual influx of free labor could im-
perceptibly be substituted for that of the slave."
He made the deportation of the slaves a sine
qua non to their emancipation, making the latter
depend upon the former—the latter a tiling not
to be thought of or undertaken without provision
being made for the former. My colleague, [Mr.
Noell] doubtless recognizing tins fact, incorpo-
rated in his bill a provision pledging the faith of the
Government to the deportation of the slaves, yet,
strange to say, the sine quanon doctrine of his co-
worker, Ml*. Henderson, in the project of eman-
cipation, was struck out in the Senate where he
had charge of the bill, stripped of a prerequisite
which, in his canvass for senatorial honors, he
said was a sine quanon. Now, sir, if the people
of Missouri, at the last election, made any choice
at all upon this subject, or passed at all upon the
question, it was in the form of emancipation con-
nected with deportation. But I deny that the voice
of the people was spoken in (hat election. There
wasa time named and places were fixed for an elec-
tion in that State, but nearly every element of an
ejection was lacking on that day. A great deal of
form and but little substance. Bayonets were brist-
ling at every voting place in every county in the
State where the polls were opened. Voters were
notified by posted handbills to beware how they
cast their votes. The tenuis of seizure of property
and imprisonment of person were constantly kept
before their eyes. Nine members of Congress were
chosen in that election. Why is it that the next
Congress will be troubled with five certainly and
probably six contested election cases from the
nine? Two of the others elected, whose seats will
not be contested, were elected opposed to eman-
cipation.
Thus stands the case, so far as the election of
members of Congress is concerned; and I tinder-
take to say here that the emancipation candidates
for the Legislature who have been elected repre-
sent loss than one fifth of the voters of the State.
Jn the lastpresidential contestthe number ofvotes
cast amounted to about one hundred and sixty-
seven thousand. According to a calculation winch
I have made, based on the statement of the num-
ber ofvotes castatthe election for members of the
present Legislature, the emancipation candidates
elected received between thirty-two and thirty-
three thousand votes, while these same counties
electing them cast, at the last presidential elec-
tion, about one hundred and live thousand votes.
Seventeen counties in thcStateare not represented
in the Legislature, nine of tlvm being in the con-
gressional district of my colleague who advocates
this bill. Why, sir, there was one contested elec-
tion case in that Legislature when the sitting mem-
ber receivtd thirteen votes, and the contesting
member three, and that in a county which gave,
at the last gubernatorial election, one thousand
three hundred and fourteen. I will compare the
vote givcn'in some of these counties for the eman-
cipation candidates elected at the last election,
and the vote cast for Governor in 1860:
Members of Governor,
Legislature. in 1860.
Barry  91 738
Barton  27 272
Bates    35 1,128
Cass  174 1,569
Clark  345 1,753
Dent  34 626
Jackson  516 3,253
Henry  238 1,546
Scott  95 825
Morgan  251 1,065
La Fayette  427 2,540
Knox  528 1,381
St- Clair  137 740
St. Louis    7,644 25,715
Lewis  701 1,967
These are some of the figures upon which my
colleague insists that the people of Missouri have
asked Congress to appropriate millions of money
out of the public Treasury to enable them to eman-
cipate the slaves of the State. I will also state
that only in fourteen counties of the State did the
emancipation candidates receive a majority or
more than half the votes cast in them in 1860,
when we did have an election in which the people
were allowed to vote without the presence of bay-
onets, and in the absence of threats of violence to
person and property.
It is for this Congress and the country to judge
of the justness of the demand of my colleague
when he asks them to sanction this bill, and gives
as a reason for it that it previously had been sanc-
tioned by the people of Missouri at the election
to which I have referred. Surely, sir, he cannot
be serious when he insists that that election was
an index to the wishes of the people upon that
subject—an election, sir, held under bayonets,
and the bayonets being chiefly on the side of
emancipation, if a man were to execute his bond
for the payment of money under the same circum-
stances under which this election was held in
many localities, he could go into your courts and
prevent the enforcement of the payment of his
bond by his plea of duress. I must confess 1 was
amazed at the coolness with which my colleague
made the announcement that that election was
conclusive evidence of the wishes of the people
upon the subject.
Whenever the people of my State, unawed by
bayonets, un in te i fered with by Federal or State in-
fluences, freely and voluntarily conclude to change
the laborsystem of the State by adoptingagradual
system of emancipation and deportation, their de-
termination would be acquiesced in by me as a
good citizen, without regard to my own individual
views upon the subject. The question for them
to consider is, not whether i-t is to the interest of
Iowa, Illinois, or NewEngland that slavery should
be abolished in Missouri, butwhetherit is for the
interests of Missouri; nor will they allow the peo-
ple of other States, whether assembled in State or
Federal conclave, to determine that it is for the
interest of Missouri as well as for their interest to
abolish slavery, and then with money in their
pockets, taken without warrant from the public
Treasury, and bayonets in their hands, proceed
to the consummation of their work, and not the
work of the people of the State.
The citizens of Missouri are willing to acknowl-
edge theirproper and just allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States; but they have always
held, and hold to-day, that under the obligations
of that allegiance, fixed and defined by the Con-
stitution of the United States, they are not re-
quired to give up their State rights and bow down
in the dust like serfs and slaves to Federal dicta-
tion, or the dictation of any one or more States of
bthe Union. Missouri has rights as a State of this
Union, which you dare not invade without disre-
garding your (ffchs and trampling in the dust the
Constitution watered with the blood of our revo-
lutionary sires. You cannot abolish our State
couits nor ouft-Legisl'atuie; nor can you deprive
us of two Senators or our proper number of Rep-
resentatives upon this floor. You cannot make
local laws for our local internal police govern-
ment conflicting with the reserved rights of the
States and the people. While you cannotdo any
of these things, either directly or indirectly, neither
can you, by direction or indirection, as you pro-
pose by this bill, abolish slavery. That is as much
their concern as is the election of their Legisla-
ture. The people of that State are a brave, mag-
nanimous, patriotic, and just-minded people; and
whenever, in the exercise of their virtues, they de-
termine that it is for their interest and to the in-
terest of the State and country generally that the
institution of slavery should be abolished in a
legal and constitutional mode, all citizens of the
State will agree to their verdict and sanction their
action. You do not propose to have it accom-
plished in this way, but are for stepping in and
settling the matter at once.
The resolution offered in this House, at the last
session of Congress, by the President, and passed
without alteration, modification, amendment, or
change, verbatim et literatim, declaring, in sub-
stance, that it was the duty of the United States
to furnish aid to any slstvcholding State that might
desire to abolish slavery, was the first direct in-
terference with the rights of the States upon this
subject. During this Congress the interference
has been of a more direct and particular kind.
While, sir, the Army, to agreat extent, for months
had been unpaid, while the credit of the Govern-
ment, to some extent, was failing, while the finan-
cial condition was exciting the most serious ap-
prehension and alarm among the people, while a
dark veil of mourning covered the whole land and
the shroud of the nation was almost in sight, the
Congress of the United States, into whose hands
these important interests had been confided, were
engaged in making a close and binding baigain as
to the price of negroes in Missouri, the grave
question being whether they should pay $200 in-
stead of $300 per head. After much labor and
great tribulation, the dispute was ended by com-
promising on $200 apiece, upon an average. So
close is thAbargain which is offered for the ac-
ceptance (n Missouti, that grave Senators have
said, by sending this bill back to this House in-
dorsed by their votes, that while they are willing
to pay only §200 per head, upon an average, they
will only allow the Legislature of Missouri, in
any law that they may pass upon the subject, to
pay a price not exceeding $200 each, although
they are required, by the oath which they have
taken to support the constitution of the State,
that whenever they undertake to emancipate the
slaves of the State, they shall first pay not only
an equivalent to the owner, but a full equivalent.
This kind of contracting is not unlike the kind
of arguments addressed to the peopl^of Missouri
to induce them to favor emancipation in the State.
They have been told that their slaves would be
taken, and the fugitive slave law would not be en?
forced, and thatthe Government, instead of stand*
ing up to its duties and protecting them by ths
execution of this law, stood willing to buy, and
that they had better sell, upon the principle that
half a loaf was better than no bread. They have
been told that the fugitive slave law was a dead
letter, so far as they were concerned; and, to the
discredit of the Government, the words spoken
were too true. The present Lieutenant Governor
of the Staste, now by virtue of his office the presi*
identof the Senate, has some slaves in the State of
Kansas, and he dare notnow make an attempt to
recover them without endangering his own per-
sonal safety. One of the distinguished Senator*
from Missouri, now at the other end of this Cap-
itol, has also some runaway slaves m Kansas, and
he will tell you, although he is a courageous man,
thathc would not darego into Kansas for the pur-
pose of applying to the marshal of the. State for
the enforcement of this law and let it be known
that such was his purpose. He would tell you
that he would be in more danger of arrest from
the slave than the slave would be fiom him. From
my own county numbers have cscaped to Leav-
enworth city, and the citizens are unwilling to in-
curthehazardsof attemptingeven to recover them.
Last spring, a citizen of the town near which I live,
ofthe very highestrespectability, (Mr. Gaylotd,)
had lost two of his slaves; and upon going over to
Leavenworth city a few days afterwards in com-
pany with his wife for the purpose of dealing, was
assaulted by a mob of whites and blacks, dnven
from the carriage in which Ije and hi.s wife were
riding, and his horses taken. This kind of pro-
tection the people do not understand. It looks like
the protection which the lion gives to the lamb.
