802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
metit requiring the proposition of emancipation
to be decided by a vote of the people before the
money is paid out of the Treasury.
Then, Senators, is there any morality in it?
What kind of morals is that that will take from
the people of a State against their will their prop-
erty, not for the purpose of benefiting the State,
but for the purpose of gratifying the fanatical zeal
of a party temporarily in power? What moral-
ity, 1 ask, is there in it? To my mind, it is shock-
ing to all the refined moral sense of our nature to
tax the people of Oregon, of California, of Wash-
ii^eoriTemtory,of all the Pacific coast, of Maine,
or Wisconsin, if you please, for the purpose of.
depriving the people of Missouri of their property
which we do not devote to public use, out turn
adrift to become vagabonds and charges upon
your public Treasury. Do you say they are to
be laborers? Sir, you had better,lot them labor
where they are under the constitution and laws
of theState of Missouri. The Constitution and
the laws of the United States say the people of
that State are entitled to the protection of that
description of property, and you violate the faith
of the nation whenever you attempt to interfere
with it.
Senators have very much ignored this doctrine
of State rights. Let me tell you, Senators, that
the doetrinc of State rights is ail that in this crisis
will save the liberties of the people, if they are
saved at all. It is known to you all thateveiy
great and vital principle of the Constitution of
your country, that protects the citizen in his life,
in his liberty, in h is person, or in his property, has
been overthrown by the President and the party
in power. Citizens have been arrested without
charge, imprisoned, and denied trial mi your courts.
Your citizens have been dragged from your States
and confined 111 loathsome dungeons in distant
States without trial. The freedom of speech and
the liberty of the press have been overthrown.
The truth is, I might ask, what great principle is
therein theConstitution that has notbeenassailed,
ignored, overthrown, and ruthlessly set aside by
the present Administration? If the people have
any security for life, liberty,orproperty, they will
have to find it in the States. They have it no-
where else. I regret that for a long time there weie
noGovernorsof the States who undertook to stand
up for the rights and liberties of their people. Re-
cently we find that the Governor of New York
has spoken nobly on this subject of arrests. The
present Governor of New Jersey has spoken like
a man and a Governor who is determined to pro-
tect the rights and the liberties of his people, as
secured by the constitution and laws of his State
and theConstitution and laws of the United States.
The Governor of Kentucky has declared in his
recent message that the military shall be in sub-
ordination to the civil power; in that he did well.
I deeply regret that he did not take a bold and
decided stand against arbitrary arrests. I regret
that in a message in which I find so much that I
approve,the Governor should havcomitted to cen-
surc in the mo«t decided terms the many illegal
arrests that have taken place in Kentucky.
The States have rights as well as the national
Government. I have ever been a State-rights man,
and notwithstanding the eternal clamor here
against the rights of the States, and notwithstand-
ing that Senators have proclaimed that the doc-
trine of State rights has brought about all the rum
to the country, I still proclaim that I am a State-
rights man. It is the only doctrine, the only thing
that will save the libei ties of this people, if they
are saved from utter annihilation and overthrow.
I know that the national Government has rights,
it has powers, but they were all conferred by the
States. All the powers not conferred upon the
national Government by the Constitution of the
United States are reserved to the States, and the
States within their sphere are as much sovereign
as is the national Government. I grant you there
are certain powers granted by the States to the
national Government, which the Slates cannot
exercise; but all the powers not granted they have
and can exercise, as much so as the national Gov-
ernment can exercise the power conferred upon it
by the Constitution. Sir, your liberties can only
be secured by preserving the rights of the States.
The national Government ought to exercise all
the powers conferred upon it, but no other power
should it ever be allowed to exercise; and the mo-
ment you allow it to exercise power not granted
you overthrow the rights of the States, you infract
the Constitution of your country, and you en-
danger the public liberties.
Senators, have you the power under the Con-
stitution of the United States to give §20,000,000
to establish slavery in the State of Massachusetts?
I put that question to you. Perhaps you would
all answer, no. You have just as much right to
establish slavery in Massachusetts by giving
$20,000,000 to aid in that scheme as you have to
abolish slavery in Missouri by giving $20,000,000
to effect that purpose. If you have the one power
you have the other. If you have the power to
give money for the purpose of abolishing this in-
stitution in one State, you have the power to give
money for the purpose of establishing it in an-
other. You have no power to do either.
Mr. President, why not leave this institution
where the Constitution has left it; leave it where
political parties and organizations have all said it
was; leave it where the courts of the country have
said it was; leave it to the people of the States, to
do with it as they may think proper? Why, sir,
slavery has been abolished in many Stales of this
Union, but never by the intervention of the na-
tional Government; and this is the first time in
the history of the Republic that such a thing has
been seriously mooted, thought of, or talked of.
What power have you with it ? None whatever.
All the States that have abolished the institution
heretofore have done it by their own State ma-
chinery. It has been left to the people of the
States themselves. They have either retained it
or abolished it, as they thought fit. That is what
we should do now; we should leave this matter
to the freemen of Missouri themselves. If they
wish this institution allow them to retain it; if
they do not want itlet tliem abolish it—iheyhave
the perfect right to do so. Whenever this national
Government attempts to interfere with this insti-
tution they set a precedent, an example that will
he dangerous, destructive to the lights of the
States and to the public liberties. Sir, you have
no more right to give money for the purpose of
setting the slaves of Missouri free than you have
to give money to turn all the horses or the neat
cattle or the hogs loose in the West, or to buy off
the people of Massachusetts and the North from
engaging in their manufacturing enterprises. You
have just as much light to do one of these things
as the other, no more.
Why, sir, a few days ago there were some of
us who made an etToi tto get $130,000 appropriated
to aid the great agncultural mteiest of the coun-
try. Then we heard a great deal of talk about
economy, and ultimately that proposition was
voted down; and now we find the very same Senate
that refused to give the pitiful sum of $130,000 to
entourage the great agricultural interest of this
mighty nation proposing to give $20,000,000 for
intei fenng with the domestic institutions ofone of
the States of this Union.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] seemed to want these negroes turned loose
immediately; he seemed to dislike everything like
gradual emancipation. 1 could not imagine why
the Senator's zeal was so violent until a friend
suggested to me what I suppose is the case. It
seems to be very well known thatMassachusetts
has not supplied her quota of soldiers in the field,
and that her Governor came down here and got
a roving commission from the Secretary of War
to go and recruit negroes. I suppose the Senator
wants the negroes in Missouri freed quickly so
that Governor Andrew can recruit there to fill
up the Massachusetts quota of soldiers; she lias
not sent her complement to the field.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 want to have a musket put
in the hands of every one of these negroes in Mis-
souri.
Mr. POWELL. I have no doubt about it; and
I have no doubt th.it, if you fill up your quota in
Massachusetts, you will do it with negroes; your
white men fail to come up to the work. The eman-
cipation proclamation has been issued more than
a month ;''Gi eeley's nine hundred thousand have
not made their appearance; the public highways
have not, been daikened and crowded with volun-
teers,as Governor Andrew declared would be the
case if the emancipation policy was adopted; Mas-
sachusetts has not furnished her quota of soldiers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is not
so.
Mr. POWELL. The paperfj all state it; and 1
see that a resolution has been introduced into the
Legislature of Indiana upon that very subject',
asking why the draft has not been enforced in
Massachusetts. The resolution recites that the
two States being about equal in population, Indi-
ana has furnished one hundred and two thousand
soldiers and Massachusetts sixty thousand. The
draft was enforced in Indiana, but not in Massa-
chusetts; and the resolution instructs their Sena-
tors and icquests then Representatives to inquire
into thesubject. Whether this information is cor-
rect or not I do not know; but I do know tliat that
is the statement that has been in newspapers for
weeks.
1 have no doubt the Senator would arm every
negro;' but I can tell the Senator about the time
he gets arms in the hands of the negroes he will
have none in the hands of white men, except ab-
olitionists of the Senator's peculiar school; and
when you get an army of abolitionist sand negroes,
I do not think they will make much progiess in
the way of winning victories. When that comes
to pass, I expect to see defeat after defeat follow
our arms; w« will find defeats more numerous
than heretofore. If the Senator expects free white
men to stand in these regiments along side of these
negroes he will be greatly mistaken, it might
suit the appetites of abolitionists in New England;
but I can tell the Senator it will not be palatable
to t he people of the great West from which I come,
neither in the slave nor in the free States, and they
will not submit to it.
Mr. SUMNER. It was to Andrew Jackson
and George Washington.
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; it was not to Andrew
Jackson and to George Washington. 1 under-
stand all about that matter. I know that there
were a few slaves in the armies then; and I know
another thing: that during the war of the Revo-
lution, when that matter was seriously under con-
sideration as to whether the negroes should be
armed, it was decreed against in General Council.
You have taken a few scrips and thrown out the
rest; but the gteat current of events at that time
shows that not only General Washington, but
all the men in authority at that day, repudiated
the idea of putting arms in the hands of the ne-
groes. I suppose Governor And re wean get enough
negroes, if they should be made free, to fill up the
quota of Massachusetts. If he does fill it up with
negroes I know that they will not be as good
soldiers as the white men; and I would rather the
white men of Massachusetts, a State that has done
more to bring on the present difficulties than any
other, should be in the lanks than the negroes.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that he
wants this emancipation made immediate because
it will give peace to the country. Sir, 1 have al-
ways been an advocate for peace. I have always
thought that all these difficulties could be better
settled by peace than by war. 1 have ever main-
tained, since this unfortunate warlias existed, that
we never could reunite these States by force of
aims. I believed we could do it by compromise,
by peace, and not otherwise. I still adhere to that
opinion. But I will ask the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, m all candor, how he can expect peace
to grow out of this proposition? Pie says he
wants it for peace. Do you suppose that the free-
men of Missouri would be likely to be more at-
tached to a Government that overthrew theirrights
of property, thatinvaded theirState,andoverthrew
all their constitutional rights, put all their material
inteiests and their rights of property ruthlessly
under foot? Do you expect to make freemen
more attached to a Government that would thus
violate both national and State constitutions and
ruthlessly assail their rights of property? Sir,
they would be cravens if they would be more at-
tached to a Government that would thus ruth-
lessly deprive them of their rights. If you desire
to attach the people of Missouri to the Federal
Government protect them in all their constitu-
tional lights. Do not encroach upon their liber-
ties or their property, and you will be more likely
to succeed.
So far from being a peace measure, it will cause
the people of Missouri to look on a Government
that thus treats them, that has no respect for con-
stitutional guarantees, no respect for the rights of
the States, no respect for the rightR of individuals,
with hatred rathei than love. If you wish a peo-
ple attached to the Government, that Government
must deal with them justly, it must deal with
