1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1£1
37th Cong....3d Sess.
The Present and Theories of the Future—Mr. Pike.
■ Ho. or Reps.
Under this bill you propose to turn adrift upon
the people of the State one hundred thousand per-
sons without a dollar, without homes or provis-
ion made for them to get homes, persons of all
ages, sexes, and conditions, the old and infirm,
the halt, lame, and blind, the young and defense-
less, in one promiscuous mass. Is this human-
ity? Humanitarianson the other side of the House
may answer. The original biil pledged the faith of
this Government to take the emancipated slaves out
of the State; the substitute adopted by the Senate,
and now here for action, strikes this provision
out, thus converting Missouri into a fiee negro
State. You cannot inflict a greater injury on JV&is-
souiithan thus to fill up her communities with
this kind of worthless population. A free negro
population is the greatest curse to any country;
so great a curse is it regarded that even in the hu-
man itai ian State of Massachusetts, her executive,
representing, I presume, that class, signified his
determination not to allow or receive into Massa-
chusetts the negroes of the southern States made
free either by virtue of the confiscation &ct or proc-
lamation of the President.
I ask the gentlemen from Illinois, who seem to
be so anxious to cram down the throats of the
people of Missouri a hundred thousand free ne-
groes, why it was that last summer the people of
that State ratified a change in their constitution
prohibiting the immigration of free negroes into
their Common wealth by more than one hundred
thousand majority? Did they do it because of
their hatred to the negro, or because of their love
for themselves? I take it from the latter cause.
They desired not to be contaminated by this claas
of population; they considered their presence in
society as an evil to which they were unwilling
to submit. They looked upon them as standing
in the way of the progress and prosperity of the
State. They were unwilling to be bu|^lened with
them or to incur the hazard of having their pooi -
houses and jails filled with them. I ask the gen-
tlemen from Iowa, who stand leudy to thrust
this class of population upon Missouri, why it is
that public meetings are being now held 111 Iowa
protesting against the introduction of free negroes
into that State? It cannot be because their pres-
ence would be a blessing; it must be because they
regard them rather as a curse. Why, then, put
to the lips, or even undertake to put to the lips
of the people of my State, a chalice which you
dash as poison fiom your own? Here stands
Massachusetts, through her executive; Illinois,
through her convention and people, intei dieting
the mtioduction of the class of population with
which you aie trying to fill up Missouri. This
may be patnotism, but it looks like selfishness;
if may be philanthropy, but it is with a desire
that the objects of your philanthropy should be
removed a long way fiom you, so that you will
not be the spectators even of the miseries and evils
your vaunted philanthropy produces.
THE PRESENT AND THEORIES OF TIIE FUTURE.
SPEECH OF HON. E. A. PIKE,
OF MAINE.
In the House of Representatives,
February 28, 1863.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, the first of the two
Congresses that will share in history, with the
Administration, the responsibilities of Govern-
ment dining these exciting and tioubled times, is
fast coming to a close, and I think it would be
well for us, .sir, to stop a moment at the half-way
house and consider our progress and discuss the
ideas that underlie our action.
During the session we have necessanly been
engaged chiefly upon details of legislation, and
they, by their multiplicity and importance, occu-
py the mind so fully as to pi event the generaliza-
tions that would otherwise have been the notura]
result of our position, We eaine here fieshfrom
the election—some of us rcchosen and some not—
and almost the fust thing that occupied the dis-
cussions of thix House was the meaning of the
election—what w<.s the idea behind if' it was1
erroneously assumed that as a whole it was against
the Administration, when the fact was that of the
membeis elect to the next Congress a majority
are friends of the Administration and warmly in
favor of its emancipation policy. And of the ag-
gregate popular vote, a large majority was in favor
of the Administration candidates. Still, no one
denied that there was a great apathy among the
voters. None of the candidates had found that
zeal and alacrity which had characterized the pre-
vious election. Habit, routine, principle, had
brought the electors to the polls, and heavy dis-
tricts had sustained themselves, but close disti tcts
had generally been lost, and the Opposition had
carried their own localities by increased majori-
ties.
The reason for all this is quite apparent. None
but the blindest partisan need overlook it. The
lack of successes, or rather the disastrous failures
that our Army had encountered, were quite sulfi-
cient cause for the result. Our Maine election oc-
curred just after the aimy of Virginia had expe-
rienced reverses at the hands of foes and professed
friends. Treachery came in aid of the rebels and
accomplished defeats at Manassas and Bull Run
which sadly discouraged the loyal voters of Maine
and proportionately st lengthened the friends of the
rebels. And when Lee's army was driven back
across the Potomac, what could tend more to dis-
courage the Administration party than the entire
loss of one third of September and the whole of
October? Had it been intended to aid the Oppo-
sition by Army management, how could it have
been more skillfully accomplished ? Theuniver-
sal disappointment felt at the failure to follow up
the letroaung rebel army, actcd necessarily with
great power upon the popular vote. Friends were
discouraged and exettion paralyzed every where.
Ami as an adjunct to the discouraging forces at
woi k, the gi eat calls of July for an enormous num-
ber of tioops imposed a heavy burden upon the
overtaxed party of the Administration. And in
Maine, as well as elsewhere, almost every soldier
who was a voter was drawn from the ranks of the
Union paity,and enlistments, geneially discour-
aged by the Opposition, became to them a source
of political power.
The year of 18G1 was one of preparation. We
were just getting ready for the war, and the elec-
tions were overwhelmingly for the Administra-
tion. The spring campaign of 186*2 was generally
in our favor. Had the elections been held then
they would have favored the Administration. But
the summer and fall campaigns were unfortunate,
and partiesengaged m them fell toquarrelingabout
the pioper appoitiontnent of blame. Of course,
elections held under such cii cumstances could not
but show n n ine rease among those who would em-
barrass the Administration and break down us
measures. And to the reason I have given is to
be added the fact that of the voters in the Army
three quarters aie Republicans. There were but
two States, Iowa and Pennsylvania, thatailowed
soldiers to vote, artfl the returns show the propor-
tion to be fully as large as I have stated. In Iowa
the soldier vote stood—Republican 14,862, Detn-
oeuitie 4,112. In Pennsylvania it was quite as
sti ong, but as the votes were not officially allowed
we have no official returns.
The elections having been disposed of, the op-
ponents of the Administration now challenge us
with great boldness to discuss the purposes of the
war and its prospects. They demand of us to say
what the Administration means by the war, how
they intend to carry it on, and when they will
end it.
Rut the questioning proceeds upon the offensive
assumption that the Administiation and the party
now in power arc the authois of the disable*, the
oi iginators of the outbreak, which is the finale of
the gi eat controversy between the North and the
South toi now nearly half a century, and that they
have the power at any time to put an end to it.
And it is because of this assumption that I find it
nec-ssary <it the outset to say a word on the origin
ot the war.
Ever since the formation of this Government
they have been debating as to the po wei and l igh ts
of the States. The subtle theory of the soveieignty
of the States hat' been maintained with great pei-
sisteney and force. We have all read thegieat
debates that occurred hen a generation since. On
the one side, State sovereignty, the right of nulli-
fication, and secession following as a corollary of
the doctrine; on the other, the theory that this was
a Government of the people, that the Constitu-
tion should be literally interpreted when it said
"we the people." If a State was sovereign i£
could judge of its own wrongs and redress them.
It could annul the laws of the cen^ll power, or
withdraw from the partnership which, had become
oppressive. But if an.integral portion of the
Union, its only redress was by appeal to the com-
mon arbiter, the Supreme Court, for amends
against unconstitutional measures, and to the com-
mon sense of justice for relief from oppressive
enactments.
This was the origin of the controversy whose
fruits are now so bloody and melancholy.
But it might be that the doctrine of State rights
was quite true, and still there would be no need
to exercise the right of withdrawal. We all know
that this discussion was notexclusively sectional.
Men in Maine held the theory correct; but I have
never heard until quite recently that anybody in
that State thought our interest called for it to be put
in practice. But the notion had a southern parent-
age. Mr. Jefferson, whose influence,sometimes
bad, butgenerallygood, has been largely felt,gave
this doctrine its currency, without, as it seems to
me, being aware of all its tendencies, and certainly
not of some of theusesthatcouldbemadeof it. His
ideas of the Constitution were of that higher law
kind which calls for a strict interpretation of that
instrument on ordinary and unimportant occa-
sions. But when the time demanded it, the Consti-
tution must yield to the national necessity. And
when Mr. Calhoun came upon the stage he very
early saw its applicability to the quarrel which he
originated with majorities. Jefferson was a be-
liever in majorities; he had a sublime faith in the
race for self-government, and was willing to trust
it with the destinies of the country without restric-
tion. lie accepted the doctrine of State sover-
eignty as a remnant of the revolutionary struggle,
as a near relative to, if not standing in the place
of, the right of revolution, in which all the world
believes, for it can help neither the belief nor the
fact. A revolution accomplished is a fact the
world accepts.
But Calhoun urged the doctrine as a shield against
majorities. He always argued the rights of n)i-
nonties, and it is his phase of the doctrine of
State rights and State sovereignties which has
practically been the disturber of the peace of the
Union. The census of 1790 shows the population
of the northern and southern States almost ex-
actly alike. The four million inhabitants were
divided into halves by what we now call the south-
ern and northern States, the disparity between the
two being less than eightthousand. Thirty years
later the northern had outstripped the southern
by more than half a milljon. And at this time,
according to Commodore Stewart, Mr. Calhoun
saw what was coming, and determined that the
slave States should stay in the Union only as long
as the census would allow them to control it.
When the preponderance became too great in the
free States, he determined they should leave it.
But the ccnsus of 1830 made the disparity still
greater. It was becoming clear that it would not
answer to govern the country by numbers. Some
other mode of government must be provided ex-
cept majorities. Mr. Calhoun was fertile in plans.
A dual Executive was devised, thus recognizing
in the fundamental law the two sections of the
country, and allowing them a check upon each
other. It was necessary to getiid of the tyranny
of numbers. And ever after the census of 1830
Mr. Calhoun's labors were directed to a separa-
tion.
For this we had at the time the testimony of
Jackson and Benton. Since then evidence in con-
vincing masses has been furnished. The pretense
was not material. The " forty bale" theory was
elaboiated, and the cotton States convinced that
of every hundred bales they gave forty to the sup-
port of* the Government and northern manufac-
turers. It was hoped then that sufficient strength
had been gathered to enable them to effect their
object, but on trial it was found the " southern
heart" was not sufficiently "fired" with their
wrongs, and the effort failed. The conspiracy
was weak then, and the preparation by the Gen-
eral Government to strike a vigorous blow de-
stroyed it for the time.
AVter that we looked on and saw the strenuous
