1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
up my opinions and have followed them strictly
out, and so intend to do. I believe that my fears
aie going to be perhaps more than realized. As
this war progresses, we find greater and greater
powers claimed by the Executive. Wo find that
Executive usurpation follows quickly after Exec-
utive usurpation, until there is no power, it seems
to me, that the followers of the President would
not permit him to exercise without complaint or
censure. 1 am not blaming the Senators, for I
dare say they think with the President. If they
honestly think they are right, it is their duty to
act in accordance with their judgment; but 1 think
otherwise, and consequently i act otherwise.
There is one other subject, Mr. President, to
which I wish to allude. 1 know that the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts claims the right
to pass this bill under the military power. In a
speech which he made during the last session he
rested it upon a dictum of Mr. John Quiney Ad-
ams. I have heretofore alluded to the opinions
of that distinguished and learned man. They aie
opposed to the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts. Mr. Adams held, in the must ex-
plicit manner, thcit under the war power you could
not emancipate slaves. Mr. Adams so held as
minister from this country ;he so held as Secretary
of State; and in order that his opinions may bo
put upon record, 1 ask my friend from New Jersey
to read from the paper which I have before me
Admiral Cochrane's proclamation and the extracts
from Mr. Adams, and as there are very brief notes
made by the editor, from whose paper I take tins,
T ask him to read it all.
Mr. WALL read, as follows:
"Emancipation is not r^cojrnized by any writer upon
public law within the l;iM seventy yeato a*? a login man;
tiu'inw of w;in.ne. Napoleon, in his ilu-si.in expedition,
wa-. U'ged to it, bur lein-eil. All the civilized nations* of
the globe have been enii'igediu war® witlun Hint period, and
none have reeogifiswd it a-* ,i tin aii«. A e-i-o mo-i m point
oeeimed at the clo-e of the la-t wai with Knslatid. The
lust aittele ol me treaty ot Ghent ^Ppulnted thai all place*
taken by etihei patty Miould he mven up without c uijing
away the artilieiy ei an> otherpiiblie propeit} in them, - 01
anv slaves oi other pnvarepioper ly.' This stipulation was
evaded by the Bnti-li (iovemmeut. John Qiuney Adams
ti)«* first avowed ahohuon^t or anydi-Muietion in CongK-w,
wa- then our minister in London. Tut; slaves had b"eu
lieed by a proclamation ot Admual Cochianr, which has
been exhumed by the New York World. It read* a- foI
lows:
I?!/ the honorable Sir Alexander Cochrane. K B-, ficc Ad-
miral of the lied, anif Commander-in-Chief of his Majes-
ty^ ships and vessels upon the N>nth American station, &,'c.
K PROCLAMATION.
Whereas it has been represented to me that many per-
sons. now lesident ni the United States have expieM ed a
dffeue to withdraw therefiom with a view ofonteiiug into
hU Maie&ty'j- *.eivice, ot of bents received as liee settlers
into some of hi-. Majesty's colonies.
This i* thereloie to notice that all those who maybe
disposed to eini i ate 11 oni the lTn lied States will, with their
families, he received on boaid of his Majes ty'« ships or ves-
sels of war, or at tin* milttaiy posts that may be established
upon or noai the eon^t of the Umted States, when they will
lutvc their choice of eithei entennq; into Ins Majesty^ sea
or land Ibrees, or of being sent fine settlers to the iJrith*h
pu^essions ni Noith Ameiiea. or the \Ves«t Indies, where
they will meet with all due encouragement.
Given under my hand at Bennuda, this 2d dav <>f April,
]M1. ALEX. UOCJHIANB.
Dv command of the Vice Adtmt.il,
William Baliiitckkt.
"This is ingeniously drawn. It h not specifically ad-
dressed to slaves, although it was meant fot them, 'ihe
reason was, that the policy of enticing olf slaves was not
recognized us> legitimate warfare, tnuch lesb exciting them
to insurrection.
u Mr. Adams, when Secretary of State, wrote instruc-
tions to oui ininibtei at f?t Peteii-bui^ alter the man r bad
bei*n submitted to the arbitration of the Emperor ot Russia.
"As we have alre.ulv stated, the -representations on this
wibjeet were fir-t made to the Briti:-h Government b> Mr.
Adams m person, while he xvi\*> yet tlie American minister
at London. In a d if patch to his own Government he re-
lates a conversation with the British minister, !rom bih own
pan of which the lollowinij e.\tracts are ta'ten :
•'' Had the British plenipotentiaries asked ot man expla-
nation of out proposal to tran^po ethewords[ot thetie-uy]
we should eei tainiy have given it; we evidently had an ob-
ject in making the proposal; and wo thought the wotds
themselves fully disclosed it. Oni object was the restoia-
tion of all piopeiiy which, by the usages? of war among civ-
ilized nations, ou^ht not to have been taken. All puvate
properly on shore wa- of that description; it was entitled
by the laws of wai to exemption Jrom capture—slaves were
private property.5 Ptutbei on he continues - ' It was true,
pioeLimauoiis inviting slaves to desert iroin their masters
had been issued by British officers; we believe them devi-
ations trom the usages of war; we believed that the British
Government itself would, when the hostile passions aris-
ing fiojn the «-t;ite ot war bhoiUd subside, consider them in
the same 1 ml it.' * * * < Lord Liverpool
manifested no dissatisfaction at these remark-, nei did he
attempt to justify the proclamation to which I particularly
alluded.*
" In the letter of instruction (July f>, 1820,) to Mr. ftiid-
dleton, our minister at St. Petersburg, Mr. Adams enters
; into a sustained ai<rument to prove that the emancipation
| of an enemy's slaves is not authorized by the laws of war.
The following extiaet is butfioient to clearly exhibit his
opinion:
'♦{It has been repeatedly alleged on the part of the Brit-
ish Government that it could not bo supposed they would
have agreed to an article which would oblige them to de-
liver up to their masters slaves who, during the war, had
taken retuge under their protection. The reply to this ob- i:
seivntion that if that had been an objection to their agree- |
mg to the article, it should have been made befoie the sm r 1
nig ol the article, and the engagement not to carry away j
slaves at all. Tiiey had, in fact, numbers of slave by J
the^e different modes of capture—one of such as had been j
seduced to inn away from their masters by proclamations j
from Biitisholticets; a second of voluntary"fugitives whom j
the\ received; and a thnd of such as had been taken in :
piedaiory nveursions. You vvtH find in Ni!e 's Uegistei, i
volume .six. p-tge 212, the pioelamation of Admiral Coch- |
rane, instigating' tliedeseition of slaves trom their masters.' j
* * * * <lt is not openly addressed to slaves, j
not does it avow its real object. From the use of the phtase-
| oloiv which it adopts, the inference is conclusive that Ihe •
; real object was Mich a-> the admiral did not choose to avow, |
i and the only i-upposable motive tor the disguise is ihe con- .
[ sciotisness) that it was not conformable to the established
i usages of war among civilized nations. The vviong was in i
| the pioelamation. Admual Cochrane had no lawkil author- j
j ity to give freedom to the slaves belonging to the citizens j
! of the United .States. The recognition of them by Great ;
I Britain m the tieatj as propeiiy 15 a complete disclaimer j
S of the right to de-troy that piopeity by making them tree, j
i Any erifagement contiacted with them to that el'ftct was,
j iti relation to the ownets of the piopertj, wronglul, and if, i
! in lolution to the slaves themselves, it was an engagement ]
, which the British Government as-umed upon themselves I
1 and sanctioned, it could not divest the owners of Ihe slaves i
i ot their piopeity, nor release the Buti-b Goveimw nt irom |
| the obligation to the United States, and to the owncis, to [
! evacuate the place without carrying them awav.' ;
| '-Two days atteiwards he wiote to Mr. Kusli, at Lon-
; don, as follows :
j '•4 The only equity of the British side is that they signed
I the atucle without being awaie of its full import, and that
i the stipulation was incompatible with then pp-vious piom-
' ises to tlie ij'*g ' e« This is the real knot or the question
! between u-. and its solution is that they had no ndil to
i make any such promises to the negroe.s The pi maple is,
| that the emancipation of an enemy's slaves is not arnonij
\ the acts of legitimate war. As relates to lire owner's, it h
! a de-siruetion of private property nowii,jie wananted In the 1
Usages ot war. 'J'iijs pnueiple must, 1 think, h1-, peculiarly ;
j familiar to the Empciut of Russia, and nia\ be piessed upon j
i lus attention m ihe ra-e ol iclerenee with efTeet.'* |
j uOn the Ibih or Octob"i- he again wiot<- to Mi. Middle- |
I ton, and expi fs-ed his views u ith a ioic«' o! hmuuage '.vlueb ;
| attests the siicusth of his conviction, lie taid :
< "'In the statement of the Bulish gioutid of ammnent
i upon tlie claim in the submission, they have bioadly as-
serted the right of eni:meip:uin'is|aves—piivaf pioperly—
j as a legitimate iiglit ol wai. Tin- is utterly meompichen-
i sibie on the pai t of a nation whose subjects hold slaves by
millions, and who, in this very ticatv, recognize them as
! puvate piopeity. IVosneh right is aeknou ledged as a law^
j of war by wrilets w ho admit any Ltuitation. The right of
! putting to death all piisoners iu cold blood, and without
! special cause, might a- well be pietended to be a law ol
war, oi the right to u-e pot-iined weapons, ot to a—actu-
ate. 1 tlunk the empetor will not teeogurze the light of
emancipation a legitimate wailaio, and am peisuaded you
will present the argument against it >
"To thi-j the New V'oik \Voikl adds tlie following :
" * It is plain jion) ihes-e elucidations, furnished b> one of
the ablest, and without exception the mo-t P ai ned of our
statesmen, that Mr. Lincoln will to day venture on an aet
winch isaeleai violation of the laws ol wai, as well a-oi the
Constitution of the United States. But what are hnqtuil-
ifieations that bo piesumes to upset positions taken b\ our
Govei mnent when the men at its head weie statesmen; to
reverse the conclusions ot the mo-t learned publicist that
everactul a leading part in our affair-; to assume to do
without disguise what Sir Aiexandei Cochrane blushed to
attempt behind a decent mask, and Loid Liverpool would
not uriilettnke to deicnd as an aet authorized by the laws
of wai ? Wliot Mr. Lincoln assumes to do as a legitimate
act ot war, John Qumcy Adams lassed with " putting pris-
oners to death in cold blood." with " the use of poisoned
weapons,5' with " assassination !" Even laymgout of view
Vlr Adams's reasoning, and confining our attention to the
single point of his credibility as a witness, thecascagam-t
Mi. Lincoln is so strong that nothing needs to be added to
it. Mr. Adams asserts as a matter of fact that no such right
is recognized by the writers on public law. Ilistestimony
! to this fact will stand unimpeaclied until passages rebutting
it are produced. Iti all the dissensions winch this question
I hus occasioned, the as&erters of the right have been able
to pioduce no such passage. They have been requested,
! challenged, defied to bring forwaid respectable authorities
in support of their opinion, but they have unifoimly failed
i to do so. It matteis not whathasly expiessions Mr. Adams
[ may have u-ed in the exeifment ot a passionate debate,
| when his gicat powers wcie g« ing into the eclipse of ex-
treme old age : his earlier testimony to a fact winch stands
' unimpeaclied and unimpeachable is conclusive ot the whole
| question.'
| Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I have pre-
[ sented to the Senate the opinions of Mr. Adams
' upon tins subject. Heretofore the Senator from
! Massachusetts, in a most elaborate speech,claimed
' that the President, as Commander-in-Chief, in
' time of war hnd a rii^ht to emnncipate s)<ives under
| the war power, and the only authority he adduced
I was Mr. Adams. Here we have the authority of
I Mr. Adams directly against it. In most import-
ant diplomatic papers, M\\ Adams, tUe docu-
ments which liave been reaU, staled clearly what
was international law, to wit, that you have no
power in time of war to destroy private pgdperfy.
i trust that when the Senator from M^issachusatti*,
again quotes Mr. Adams he wifl quote these dis-
patches. That doctrine has been heldin tl*e courts.
Mr. SUMNER. I already have quoted thops
dispatches,and answered them on this floor-.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator certainly did not
do it in the speech he made at the last session.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly in tlie fejieech of'
last session; only I had not the honor of the at-
tention of the Senator; but the Senator will finct
it in the Globe.
Mr. POWELL. In a -speech I madft on this
war power last session, I looked to the Senator's*
speech, and there was certainly no quotation in
it from Mr. Adams, cxcrptfrom the speech in tlrf
House of Representatives. But, however, there
is the true doctrine as KMd down m international
law; and tlie President of the United States, if
anything can be inferred fi om his last annual meSf
sage, holds the very same doctrine. He says in
this message that slaves are private property, and
he submits to Congress certain amendments t$
the Constitution, with a view of effecting " com-
pensated emancipation." The inference, then,
is clear that the President must have thought w$
had no such power under the Constitution, or it
would not require amendments to the Constitu-
tion to enable us to effect that object. To be sure,
befoie that, the Piesident proposed that itbedone;
but, with gieat deference to tlie President, I must
say that he proposed so manv things which I re-
garded as violations of the Constitution, that I
thought he perhaps, under this military power*,
came to the conclusion thatjie had a right to dis-
regard the Constitution altogether.
Mr. President, I have said as much I pro-
pose to say on tins subject, i do not think thai
there is any warrant in the Constitution for thft
passage of this bill. 1 do not believe that any an-
thonty for such an encioachmenton private prop-
erty will be found anywhere in ihe Constitution
of the country or in the war powers that are legiti-
mately conferred on the President. 1 think the
policy is bad. I think it overthrows the Consti-
tution of the United States and the constitutions
and the laws of the States, deprives the citizens
wrongfully of their pioperty. In every aspect,
whether you view it constitutionally or morally,
the thing is wrong. We should ponder well be-
fore we make such a gross infraction on the Con-
stitution of tlie United States, and such an inroad
upon the rights of the States and of the people,
Mr. SAULSBCJRY. Mr. President: 
Mr. IIAULAN. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Delaware if he will give way to a mo-
tion to adjourn ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN, ltisnow nearly twelve o'clock,
and I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr ANTHONY. Allow me fora moment. If
the Senator from Delaware would assent to it, I
would suggest that if the bill could be passed to
a thud reading (his evening, and we then adjourn,
it would he much better on all sides.
Mr. SUMNER, i object to its passing to a
third reading now, for I wish to have a division
on one or two questions yet.
Mr. POWELL. So do I.
Mr. SUMNER. I say [ object entirely——*
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
fiom Delaware yield the floor?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I yield for a motion- to
adjourn, claiming the floor when the subject
comes up again.
Mr. HARLAN. I move thai the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to state, before that
motion is put, thai it is understood, between the
Senators who oppose this bill and those who sup-
port it, that the question upon the final passage
of the bill shall be taken on Wednesday after a
speech from the Senator from Delaware not to
exceed an hour.
Mr. CLARK. I should like to know who
makes these agreements?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The marion to
adjourn is not debatable.
Tlie motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
