154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February- 28,
37th Coxa....3d Sess.
Ship Canal—Mr. Van Horn.
Ho. op Reps.
fanatical. This will be a gain upon that in one
respect: no clouds of dubiety will hang around the
motives that prompted it.
It js said by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vallandigham] that, in the long run, interest con-
trols nations. This is as true of nations as of indi-
viduals/ The men who are governed solely by pe-
cuniary interest are few and mean. The only
people of history who are reputed always to fol-
low their interests have been execrated by all na-
tions for the last eighteen hundred years. But if
these western statesmen will place this new move-
ment upon the score of interest, how stands the
ease then? They belong to the great Mississippi
valley. They are bound to the fortunes of that
muddy stream. The water-shed doctrine is ap-
plicable to them, and because the waters of a large
portion of the Northwest flow into the Gulf of
Mexico, their political relations must follow.
But is not this fanciful rather than statesman-
like? In making up this new organization, would
it not be well for these leaders of opinion to dis-
card obsolete notions? Why not deal with facts ?
You are to follow your interests, and not your
falling waters. Now, these interests are well de-
fined. The laws of trade are superior to your
congressional legislation. You cannot even fight
gold successfully. It rises above and beyond your
control. The innumerable multitude of interests
will find their own channels. You may assist or
you may retard, but you have no absolute con-
trol, and, in the long run, you must yield to it.
The trade of the West, without the aid of your
legislation, has found its own methods of transit.
The Mississippi river had the "start" in this great
race for its favors, but how is it to-day r Behold
six great lines in successful competition with it:
the Baltimore and Ohio, Pennsylvania Cential,
Erie, New York Central,and thf Canadian Grand
Trunk. They are not the progeny of polities,
but of trade. Your national line, from the head-
waters of the Potomac to the lakes, cuts them in
halves, and Ihrowstheoutlets into a foreign Gov-
ernment. You will have the Mississippi, butyou
lose the railroads and canals. Which is the more
important? Establish this boundary, and make
the Potomac the southern boundary of this new
eastern republic, and it can bread itself. It will
not be dependent upon you. And how is it with
you? Look at the statistics. Over five hundred
million dollars have been expended for the pur-
pose of getting; your valuable crops to market. In
1800, 2,393,171 tons went over the five great
routes, received at the western termini and de-
livered at tide-waters. The total exports of bread-
stuffs and provisions fiom New Orleans to Eu-
rope nnd the eastern Slates, in 1360, did not ex-
ceed 1,^00,000 tons, while the breadstulFs alone
brought to New York city, over the three New
York routes, were of the value of $73,184,044.
It is computed by one of the best statisticians
in the eon n try (Mr. H.V. Poor, of New York) that
before the navigation of the Mississippi was closed
forhj-ninc fiftieths of all the pioduce of the fiee
{States of the West that was sent to eastern or for-
cign markets went over the eastern wulroads and
canals. The other fiftieth wot down the Missis-
sippi. I need not say the ti avel followed the ti ade.
The westrt n ceienl« must follow isoth< rrnal lines.
They cannot go into warm latitndesaud wait for
markets and means of tiansportation. Were it
possible to send youi great ei ops to New Orleans,
arid make that instead of New Yot k the great poi t
of .shipment, I do not know that you would in-
flict a very seiious blow upon the interests of my
own JStute. We should in that case look to Can-
ada for a supply of flour, and our Maine ships
would jfloc k to New Oi leans. The longer the voy-
age, ibe higher the fi< i^lns. Canada and Illinois
would contest for the Euiopoun nunket, the one
shipping at Pojtlaml and the other at New Or-
leans. What blessings the wheat-growers of the
West would shower down on the heads of states-
men who had brought about such a rivalry! But
one thing would be neeessaty to makethrii hap-
piness complete, and that would be that the con-
h-di.rate congiess should exclude Maine ships
fiom the competition, and so give a monopoly of
theeairying to HtiUhh bottoms. You gentlemen
of the W<"st know that even now Canadian mill-
ers comes: even-handed for the Liverpool mm ket.
Can it be possible that the wildest slavery fanati-
cism would be willing to give them the advantages
1 have enumerated? Canada West can produce
wheat as abundantly and as cheaply as Illinois.
Give her larger advantage in transportation to
market, and you must withdraw from the contest.
A new combination of the States which shall
leave New England "out in the coldThe ex-
pression has no special terrors for a native of that
section. "We have been in the "cold" so long,
and thriven so steadily, that we do not specially
object to it. The Puritan theology understands
us*better, and when it would terrify threatens the
opposite extreme. For myself, I can conceive of
nouiing more ludicrous than such a proposition
seriously made by grown-up-people. It proceeds
upon the supposition that the other twenty-eight
millions of this Union are voluntarily coming to-
gether again as the United States. Of course the
only ground upon which they could possibly unite
could be that of assuming the debts of both Gov-
ernments, amounting to at least $2,000,000,000.
I think I hearthe plenipotentiaries of the two bel-
ligerent parties congratulating themselves upon
the terms of accommodation. Financially how
happy the concord of opinion \ Confederate bonds
now worth twenty and thirty on the dollar run to
par. Brilliant fortunes are made, and speculative
joy cariies sunshine overall the belligerent States.
The new Union of twenty-eight States has as-
sumed all the innumerable millions of debt! And,
more glorious still, they have excluded the pest-
ilent Yankees from paying any portion of it—not
a dollar shall a " Roundhead" contribute !
What New England could do under such dis-
tressing circumstances who can say? The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallantdigiiam] hasgia-
ciously vouchsafed to us that " there shall be no
more coercion." So thateven if those States that
last year solemnly assured Congress they had not
money enough to pay their share of the direct tax
of $20,000,000, should get tired of lugging the
big debt— which, after all, may not prove a " na-
tional blessing"—they arc not to use coercive
measures to levy on us.
It would do violence to the " water-shed" the-
ory, but we might form a provincial alliance and
take the whole of North Amcnca above the lakes
for a new republic. The waters of Canada flow
into the Gulf of St. Lawrence, and the New Eng-
land rivers run into the Atlantic, but there is an
artificial communication between the two, supe-
rior altogether to the natural, because it is unob-
structed by ice. It would form one more illustra-
tion of the absurdity of a theory that has been dis-
proved by all history.
The new republic would be eminently com-
meicial, as the "lower provinces" arc the only
portion of North America that now rival Maine
m ship-building and manufacturing, as New Eng-
land would be happily relieved of the "three per
cent.," which the confederate debt would in-
crease to six in the old Union, and thus shackled,
the manufacturers of the middle States would be
driven from the markets of the world. Agricul-
ture would flourish, as the New England and for-
eign emigration would take to the wheat-fields of
Canada and produce cereals for Europe. The
difFeience between a taxed and untaxed country
would be quite sufficient, the Governments alike,
to drive multitudes across the lines out of the old
Union into the new republic, where the climate is
the same and the soil equally good; for there are
millions of acres of splendid wheat land in Canada,
lying within the same parallels as those of Illi-
nois, Wuconsm, and Iowa, and considerably
south of Minnesota. Yes, sir; and the north-
western wheat States would inevitably follow,
and we should control the wheat belt of the con-
tinent. Undei surh uicumstnnces, sir, would not
there be danger that New England might think
you conferred a blessing upon her when you put
her "out in the cold?"
Taking all these things into consideration, I
cannot really in good faith assure gentlemen who
take so much interest in our history and our fu-
ture that the prospect is good for New England's
being threatened into ''repentance." Theptob-
ability is that for the present we shall not " re-
pent" of our school-houses, churches, high culti-
vation, and general thrift, but shall retain our
habits and ideas, and take the chanccs of exclu-
sion. Nor do I think that crowding would be of
any avail to induce us to change. We should be
quite disposed to say of our portion of the Union—
il Mooted in the rifted rock,
Proof to the tempest's shock,
Firmer he roots him the ruder it blows!"
But, sir, I speak of this possible future because
the discussion has been begun elsewhere, and not
because it has any attractions for me. Whatever
truth there may be in the speculation of the ad-
vantages to be derived from such combinations—
and they are far more plausible than any of the
western' projects—I have no idea of tolerating
them seriously. I abide by the old Union. In
weal or in woe I adhere to its fortunes. I have no
idea of giving up its glories or its memories. I
mean still to enjoy its songs and celebrate its birth-
day. No, sir; no such alliance for me; rather the
companionship of the " most wayward sister" of
them all, South Carolina herself, turbulent as she
has been in the past or may be in the future.
Mr. Speaker, all this talk of a dismembered fu-
ture is out of place. Gentlemen cannot realize
what they are doing when they speculate upon
the direction the fragments of this Union may
take. They speak of it as if it were a manufactured
thing, with parts jointed and put together, to be
taken asunder and no injury follow but the with-
drawal of a section of the whole, more or less im-
portant according to its size. It is notso. The
Union is a growth. The Republic has been de-
veloped as the child is, and now, half grown, the
process of amputation has begun. We find that
cutting oil the lower limbs is a bloody operation;
what shall it be when it is attempted to sever the
head ? God forbid that I should aid to make the
experiment!
SHIP CANAL.
SPEECH OF HON. B. VAN HORN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 28, 1863,
On the proposition to constiuetas>hip canal between Lake
Erie and Lake Ontario.
Mr. VAN HORN. Mr. Speaker, I shall take
but a small portion of the time of the House in
discussingtheproposition to constructa sh'pcanal
between Lake Erie and Lake Ontario, which is
embraced in the proposition I have presented to
the House, and now before it for consideiation.
I am aware that the session is fast passing away,
and that very important business is yet to be trans-
acted ; but I cannot consent to let the occasion pass
without calling the attention of the House and the
countiy to the importance of this great woik.
The committee appointed to consider this sub-
ject have presented a bill, which is calculated,
should it become a law, to accomplish the work;
also a report covering the subject in its various
bearings and importance. This House recently
defeated the project to connect the wafers of the
Mississippi with Lake Michigan, and to enlarge
the locks of the New York canals for the passage
of gunboats into the western lakes. Discussion
and the developments of facts exhibited this sub-
ject in a different light than that in which it was
first pi esented,and it may be stated that verv many
of our best men consider it in many respects as
impracticable. I supported this proposition; but,
upon mature reflection, I consider it not calculated
to secure $ie good apparently expected, and attain
the end sought by such enlargement. Had such
a work been ordered, it is beiieved by some whose
opinion is entitled to the gravest consideration,
that, instead of enlarging one tier of the locks
spoken of, a separate tier would have to be con-
structed around the present ones in nearly every
instance. 1 will take no time to discuss this ques-
tion now, but I am quite sure that the pi ojen was
not adequate to secure the benefits cxpecu d from
its completion. This measure has been discussed,
passed upon, and lost, and I have no desite to re-
vive the struggle at this late hour.
The proposition to construct a ship canal be-
tween the lakes is* however, one of national lm-
poitance, one entirely practicable, and acknowl-
edged by all to be one of paramount importance
and utility. There are no doubts as to the ex-
pediency of this woik when viewed in any light,
either commercially or as a military necessity.
