1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
3"7th Cong....3d Sess.
Ship Canal—Mr. Van Horn.
Ho. of Reps.
It is of far greater importance in many respects
than the enlargement of the locks of the New York
canals, as has been proposed, for it would complete
the chain of water communication between the
lakes of the Northwest, affording great commer-
cial advantages to us as a nation, stimulating the
enterprise of our own citizens, while at the same
time such a work would be a work of great mili-
tary importance and advantage, as we shall show
hereafter. Secure the construction of a ship canal
between the two lakes referred to, and the en-
largement of the locks and the canals also will
inevitably follow, if the interests of trade and the
necessities of commerce demand it. And suppose
in such an event the State of New York should
be compelled to provide for the enlargement of
the locks of her canals herself, the expense would
not be great, and the work easily accomplished.
Aid to a ship canal now, by which its construc-
tion is secured, will complete the chain of com-
munication between all the lakes of the West and
North, and consummate one of the most magnifi-
cent and useful enterprises that have ever inter-
ested our people. Over all the projects of im-
provement before us it has priority of claims, in
the fact that it has been pressed upon Congress
on various occasions within the last forty years,
had the favorable attention of Government, by
way of executive sanction and surveys, and been
reported upon favorably and aid recommended
on three or foui different occasions by committees
of Congress.
It was first presented in 1808, by the Secretary
of the Treasury, m pursuance of a resolution of
the Senate of the United States, in an able report
made by him to that body upon the subject of
roads and canals, but especially noticing the pro-
ject now under discussion. It was shown most
clearly that Congress had power under the Con-
stitution to enter into such works of internal im-
provement and national defense, and that this was
not only necessary but absolutely demanded by
the best interests of the country. In 1826 a sur-
vey was effected by private individuals for the
purpose of accomplishing this object. In 1835 the
Piesident of the United States ordered a survey
to be made of the country between the two lakes
to be connected, which was perfected on a more
enlarged scale by Captain Williams, of the engi-
neer corps, one nf the most competent and dis-
tinguished officers the service has ever had. He
surveyed several proposed routes for the contem-
plated canal, made the estimates for each route for
a work of certain dimensions, and reported the
whole with his recommendations and conclusions
to Congress, all of which are on the files of the
HouSe, and the substance of which will be found
in the report which 1 have had the honor to make
from the committee having this subject in charge.
It is a remaikable and interesting fact, that in ev-
ery instance where a survey has been made and
estimates presented, the feasibility of this work
has been established beyond a doubt. In 1837 the
Committee on Roads and Canals of this House
made a report and presented a bill in favor of this
measure; and again in 1838 the same committee
took similar action. In the last Congress a special
committee was i<used to consider this subject, and
reported in its favor.
In pressing this measure now upon this body,
the committee feel that they are not urging any
new project upon Jts attention, but one which has
received executive sanction for three successive
Administrations, as well as favorable attention
on other occasions in mote than an ordmaiy man-
ner. We are asking favorable action and aid to
a project second to none in importance in every
aspect in which it may be viewed. It is emphat-
ically a national work. The benefits that will fol-
low its construction the nation needy, and, when
accomplished, the energies of the great West and
Northwest, now hut partially developed, of com-
merce and industry and entcrpiise of eveiy name
and naime, will bmst into a broader sphere of ac-
tion and usefulness. Another and the last link in j;
the chain of water communication between all the |[
lakes of the West and Noith will be made; and ij
without pa ving constant tribute to a foreign (and j
not at ways fi  endly) Power, we cat] hold the con- j
stan'Iy increasing benefits of our own enterprise <
and industry within our own hands and for the i
use of our own people. !
Celerity of movement, rapidity of transfer from
point to point, is essential in naval as in military
affairs. Had we decided to enlarge the locks, and
nothing further, what would have been the con-
dition of things in this time of war? It must be
remembered that our Canadian neighbors have a
canal, connecting the lakes upon their side of the
Niagara river, sufficiently inland to be entirely
protected unless their country is invaded. Itwill
be seen, therefore, that they have the means at
hand for rapidly transferring their gunboats and
vessels of war from point to point on the two
lakes. Suppose our force to be upon Lake Erie,
and the point of attack to be at the mouth of 1ft i-
Hgara river on Lake Ontario. We would be
obliged, having no better or shorter route, to use
about two hundred miles of canal, and nearly as
much lake navigation, to reach the desired point,
and then back again, as the emergency arose in
another quarter. The enemy, in the mean time,
could pass from point to point, by the use of their
few miles of ship canal, in a few hours, and ac-
complish their purpose. With a ship canal on the
American side, which we propose, the whole field
of operations would be changed, and we be pre-
pared to at least equal them in lapidily of move-
ment and readiness foi action. For although, by
treaty stipulation, we are deprived of making war
vessels of all kinds upon our lakes, and keeping
them as such, still we could construct them m
parts, and have them ready for speedy operations
after hostilities should begin; or, this canal con-
structed, we could build them upon its line, with-
out interfering with such tieaty stipulations.
With the means of getting gunboats in this man-
ner, and availing ourselves of their speedy use,
who docs not see that a ship canal, for the defense
of our western and northern waters, is of flu-
greater importance and necessity than any other
project that can be suggested ?
Again: it would form a great base of supplies
for naval and military operations for a border war,
with facilities to throw to any desired point with
great dispatch the materials necessai y for the sup-
port and maintenance of a war upon our borders.
As a work of military defense, this canal would
be of incalculable benefit. On the banks of the
Niagara riverand in its vicinity were concentrated
the military operations of both nations during the
late war with Great Britain. In another war there
would be the grand struggle again. With this
work accomplished, the transportation of soldiers
and munitions of war would be facilitated and
greatly expedited. It would impart efficiency and
strength to our fleet upon the lakes, and afford a
safe passage to commerce even in a time of war,
which is a matter of no inconsiderable nnpoit-
ance. The Canadian and I3iitis>h Governments,
at great expense, have alieady constructed and in
progress complete lines of communications be-
tween and to connect all their border waters, so
that by their use they aheady boast that they can
with but vei y little warning throw upon any point
upon our frontier any amount of force and such
vessels of war as the emergency may demand.
Such was the boast of the London Times not a
year ago, and such would be the, casein the event
of a ruptuie between us. We should bu prepaied
to meet such emergence s, and provide the means
at hand necessary to meet them fully. Captain
Williams, who made the survey refeirrd to, and
whose report is on file, urges with great foice the
military necessity of this woik,and insists, after
looking over the whole subject in all its various
bearings, that the Government ought immediately
to enter upon its construction. He says that Us
importance in a military point of view cannot be
over-estimated.
When viewed in a commercial aspect, the pro-
posed canal is, if possible, of far greater utility and
importance. It would be the last link in the great
chain of ship and water communication between
all the lakes of our frontier, and would allow our
own people to leap the benefits and all the advant-
ages of our entcrpiise and commercial lesources.
Now, we pour into the treasury of our Canadian
friends largely from the pioeeedsof our industry
and enterprise, by availing ourselves of tliuii ca-
nal in the absence of one upon our own soil,and
thus humiliate ourselves to the degradation of
being subject to tlu-m. The gieater proportion of
all the tonnage passing through the Wel land canal
between the lakes is American, and the ratio of
increase is largely in favor of us'. We are con-
stantly, therefore, supporting those public works;
and by our patronage make them a source of rev*
enue to the province. When we look forward to
the future and the vast increase in our commerce
as the great West becomes developed, and pours
into our channels of trade, already largely occu-
pied, the immense wealth and productions she is
capable of sending forth, we are amazed that any
American can fail to see the importance of this
grand work to the interests of our people. Who
would wish to see such a tide of business, and
consequently of wealth, flow through such foreign
channels into foreign coffers when, by timely and
practical action, we may retain all these benefits
ourselves, and thus vindicate our honor and na-
tionality ?
Unless we construct a ship canal to accommo-
date the commerce of our lakes, it will certainly
go through foreign channels; thatis, so much of it
as can make such a course profitable and is not
under any local restrictions. Under ordinary cir-
cumstances, commerce will seek all the natural
communications possible, as such communica-
tions are attended with less expense than artificial,
in the very nature of things. To reach a given,
point East, western produce will, therefore, natu-
rally flow through those channels that offer the
least obstruction and are attended with the least
cost of transportation. Vessels loaded for the
East can lay down their contents at Oswego, New
York, at nearly as cheap rates as they can at Buf-
falo, while at the same time they take itnoariy or
quite one hundred and fifty miles nearer market.
This is on aceountof using lake navigation instead
of artificial, and not b|*ng obliged to break bulk
so soon, at the same time under the inconven-
iences of the imperfect channel of the Wclland ca-
nal, the connecting link between the two lakes on
the Canada side. In just so far as you can, without
breaking bulk, take yourproducc towards market
from a given point, and especially by natural nav-
igation, in just so far you reduce the cost of trans-
portation. This law of trade and commeiciai
transaction is well understood in the business
world, and all the benefits leferred to will be se-
cuied under all circumstances and by all parties.
Captain Williams says in his report*«to which
we have made reference, basing his statement, as
he says, upon official returns, that there is a sav-
ing of about thirty per cent, in the cost of trans-
portation between a given point West and New
Yoik on the lake route by Oswego overtheroute
by Buffalo and canal. Perhaps, with the increased
facilities of transportation by Buffalo, which New
Yoik canals now present, this may bo too large
a difference; but that a diffeience exists cannot
be denied, and it is upon the grounds and for the
leasons before alluded to, and unavoidable. This
state of things ah eady exists, and has long existed.
It has not been made so by a "Niagara slap
canal," or the agitation of such a project, but, by
the existence of the Canadian canal' connecting
the two lakes, thus forming a communication from
the pot ts of the westci n lakes directly through into
Lake Ontario to Oswego and other points. 1 ad-
mit that the capacity of the Welland canal is (piite
limited, as compared to the demands of trade upon
it; but its enlaigunent is already contemplated;
and if our great national woi k now under discus-
sion is delayed, the Canadian canal most certainly
will be made capacious enough, very soon, to meet
all the demands of commerce upon it. It will
then admit the largest vessels upon our lakes, and
the cost of transposition will be still further re-
duced thiough the greater facilities of navigation
being offered, and larger vessels being ad mitred.
This result is inevitable, as it is in the very nature
of things.
It is, then, only a question as to who shall have
the benefits of such"trade; whether we have it,
or a foreign Power. Their canal has been and is
a source of great gain to them, and will be largely
more so when enlarged as the necessities of trade
and the demands of commerce justify and will se-
cure. Let it not be uiged, as it has been urged
by some, that if we constiuct a ship canal upon
the American side, it will rob the canals of New
York of their revenue to a great extent, for this
cannot be true from what has already been said.
The Canadian canal can afford as cheap trans-
