1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an intimation that something isexpeoted from me,
than on account of any wish of my own 10 par-
• ticipate in the debate.
On the first day of this session the House in-
structed the Committee on Naval Affairs—
il To inquire and report{the eheap< <t, mo«t expeditious,
and reliahle mode of placing vessels* ot* war upon Lake On-
tario and the other great lakes, should a necessity for so
dons? at anytime arise; and, in ease deemed necessary
for tlie purpose aforesaid, to establish water communication
ad.ipicd to the passage of vessels of war fiom other waters
to the lakec, the committee xa in«tiuct<'d to report which
one of the various plans suggested will afford, at the least
cost, adequate, reliable, and early access ot the required
kind, together with the reasons of the committee, aud-the
time and cost of completing the woik.'"
It is obvious from the resolution that the duty
imposed was to inquire into and report on this
question in one and only one aspect, namely,
its merit as a scheme of military defense. In the
distribution of the business of the committee, this
subject fell to my cspecia! charge, The committee
held various meetings at which numerous gentle-
men—some of tins House, others from Chicago,
andfrom othercities—appeared. They fixed their
own times, and were patiently heard. I believe
that the members of this House to whom 1 refer
will accord to the committee the credit of having
given them a patient and respectful hearing. It
is proper to remark that no person appeared be-
fore the committee in opposition to the measure.
There were no commercial rivalries represented
there. Under these circumstances the committee
addressed themselves to eminent gentlemen, some
of whom had long been connected with the public
works of the Slate of New York and of the State
of Illinois, from whom, it was supposed, full and
correct information would be obtained . The con-
clusions of the committee are contained in the re-
port, and that report was unanimous. In speak-
ing of the committee, I mean the acting committee,
there being one member who, during the present
session, has not attended its meetings, it need
hardly be remarked that the committee was con-
stituted at the very beginning of this Congress,
and, unlike some other committees, without any
reference to the subject-matter now before the
House. Such being the origin of the report, the
House will be able to determine with what pro-
priety or excuse it has been made the subject of
offensive and violent assault.
But, sir, calumnious attack has been from the
start the penalty of withholding assent from this
fat and fruitful job. At the last session of Con-
gress I cast my vote against it. I did so without
possessing a very full acquaintance with the sub-
ject. I did so lathei in obediencetoa rule which
has governed my vote on many questions that
have come before this Congress. I have«felt it my
duty to vote against every measure, job, scheme,
or project, the tendency of which was to divert
the public resources—either the public money or
the public credit—from what I conceive should be
their exclusive employment at the present time.
1 mean the crushing out, by force ofarms, of this
atrocious rebellion. A simple vote did notescape
the attention of the hired partisans of the scheme,
but admonitions for my benefit were telegraphed
from here to the press of the city in which i leside,
and threats were darkly hinted here and there.
These threats have been ventured upon on this
floor by a member whose bewildered paroxysms
and childish petulance arise, it is well understood,
from an infirmity deserving of compassion lather
than resentment. This is only the feeble echo of
thelobby, for whom the member speaks, the awk-
ward throwing of stones picked by otlu is whoso
work he is doing, and who have flooded the coon-
try with imputations on those who, in the dis-
charge of theirduty, have opposed this mammoth
scheme for depleting the Treasury.
The outsiders pressing this bill hardly need such
violent agents here. They have been permitted
for weeks, in violation of the rules, to thrust
themselves constantly upon the fioorand to throng
all parts of the Hall throughout our daily ses-
sions. The milder and more quiet persuasions
thus indulged would have been moie potent it un-
aided by other stimulants to boisterous and ex-
cessive zeal.
Such license of tongue as my colleague has dis-
played would have been more becoming in oiu*
guiltless of the act by which the bill is now be-
fore the House. The bill is not properly or nght-
fully here, and yet we have been belabored with
complaints that the point of order was unfair
which sought to commit it to the Committee of the
Whole. A time-honored safeguard and rule of
this House requires that "nil proceedings touch-
ing appropriations of money shall be first dis-
cussed in a Committee of the Whole House.'9
When this bill was originally reported the other
day, the point of order was raised that bv two of
its* latter sections, confessedly, $17,000,000 in
round numbers was to be taken from the Treas-
ury.
In reply to this point, my colleague admitted
and avowed that ho had purposely contrived the
form of the sections so as to evade and circumvent
the rule, and the Chair decided that the effort had
been successful. Upon this decision the House
was about to allow the authors of this dodge to
felicitate themselves upon their success, when it
was found that the disguise which had been thrown
over the fifth section was somewhat more flimsy.
A point of order penetrated that, and the patriots
who disinterestedly watch over this plan for na-
tional safety took refuge in a motion to recom-
mit. The bill went back to the Military Com-
mittee late in the day,and the next morning came
back from the committee cured, as was thought,
of all want of disguises and effectually covercd up.
It was reported back with a distinct statement re-
peated once or twice that the committee had, since
the point of order was decided the night before,
directed the bill to be reported back favorably with
an amendmentsti iking out certain words and in-
serting others. This report left the case as bad
as it was before, and the Chair so decided, ex-
plaining at the same time that the bill being the
same, and the original section being such as to car-
ry it to the Committee of the Whole, the point
was not avoided by an amendment striking out
the phraseology appropriating money. Imme-
diately upon this difficulty being explained, my
colleague disaffirmed and changed the statement
he had made, and, upon being inteirogated by the
Chan, declared that the committee had not in-
structed him to report back the same bill with an
amendment, but had instructed him to report a
new and different bill as an original and independ-
ent proposition. This took the House somewhat
by surprise, and when a member of the committee
rose to challenge the statement, the point of order
was made upon him that he was too late,although
but two or three minutes had elapsed, and my
colleague consented to allow his conduct to pass
with no better defense than that his accuser was
not sufficiently active in seeking the floor.
But that is not all. It is said that the measure
when bi ought before the committee did not receive
the approval of a majority, and that the report is
here unauthorized as the report of the committee.
Mr. OLIN. Let me say a word just there.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. i will"yield for the
purpose of a personal explanation, but not forany
hysterical antics.
"Mr. OLIN. Yes, sir, for the purpose of per-
sonal explanation. I listened the other day with-
out utteringasyllable upon the eubjectofan appar-
ent, contradiction ofinii when 1 made that report.
I now pronounce the statement of the gentleman
an unqualified falsehood in all its extent and mat-
ter, and 1 am ready to meet that question now or
at any time, here or elsewhere.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is out of order.
Mr. Mcpherson rose.
Mr. WAS11BUUNE. I object to any othei
interruptions.
Mr. McPHERSON. I appeal as an act ofjus-
t'ce upon the part of this House to be heard upon
|i that point.
|j Mr. F. A. CONKLING-. I yield the floor to
i, the gentleman.
|! Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
' The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to f°r personal explanation.
Sir. WASHBURNE'. Then I insist that the
gentleman shall be confined strictly to the matter
of personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman has the right to yield for personal ex-
planation, and not otherwise.
Mr. McPHERSON. I rise to a matter of per-
sonal explanation simply. I do not desire, and
have not at any time intended, to have any per-
sonal controversy with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I rose the other day,
in the exercise of an undoubted tight as a mem-
ber of this House, to a question of order as io
the accuracy of that report. The Chair.decided
that tire point of order was raised too late; it was
therefore ruled out, and no opportunity was af-
forded to submit it to a vote of the House. I did
not intend again to allude to the subject, and I
would not now, if the chairman of th« Commit-
tee on Military Affairs had not seen fit to char-
acterize upon this occasion the statement i then
made as false in all its length and breadth. Now,
sir, I will not rest under any such imputation* I
care not by whom cast. I assert here, as a mem-
ber of that committee and as a member of the
House, that the point of order 1 then endeavored
to raise was strictly and literally true.
A Member. What was it?
Mr. McPHERSON. The authority of the
committee was given to the chairman to make a
certain report. That was done entirely as a mat-
ter of favor. Five members of the committee,
being a majority, have voted against the bill in
every phase.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman, under the rules of the
House, has no right to state what takes place in a
committee.
Mr. OLIN. I hope no one will raise a question
or order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the gentleman is making any statement
such as is prohibited by the rules.
Mr. McPHERSON. My statement was that
a majority of the members of that committee in
this House have voted against the bill in every
phase in which it has been presented, and will
vote against it on its passage. I raised no objec-
tion in committee to the bill being reported to the
House; but there is no report of the committee,
as the gentleman very well knows, in favor of the
bill. It was thought that, inasmuch as when the
measure was originally presented a majority of the
committee as then constituted was in its favor, it
was but a matter of fairness to permit, it to be re-
ported for the action of the House. It was done
merely as a matter of courtesy, and without any
recommendation whatever. But, sir, i am here to
say, and I repeat, that a majority of that commit-
tee are against it in whatever shape it may be pre-
sented , and will so vote in the House. The Nuval
Committee have repotted against it, and it thus
stands before the House without the indorsement
of any committee.
Mr. OLIN. I rise to a matter of personal ex-
planation.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I decline to yield.
Mr. OLIN. Then the gentleman declines to
yield for a personal explanation.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call the member to
order. *
Mr. OLIN. Wait, my man, and I will call you
to order.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. There is no occasion
to indulge in boyish threats here. There is no
reason, I apprehend, why we cannot arrange any
matters of personal difference out of doors.
Mr. OLIN. I simply rose to say 
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call the member to
order.
Mr. OLIN. Is it out of order to ask a ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. It is, unless the gentleman
from New York yields the floor. No gentleman
has the right to take the floor from another with-
out his consent.
Mr. OLIN. I understood the Speaker to say
but a moment asro 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoi k is out of order. The gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. F. A. Co\*kljntg] is entitled to the
floor without interruption.
Mr. OLIN. 1 rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point, of order.
Mr. OLIN. I rise to a personal explanation.
The SPEAfGSR. The gentleman cannot rise
to any personal explanation. His colleague de-
clines to yield, and is entitled to the flo#r without
intei ruption. *
Mr. OLIN. If I may be permitted to state 
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot petmitthe
gentleman to stale anything. The Chair has said
over and over again that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. F. A. Conkuno] laentitled to the floor,
and the Chair will enforce the rules. The gentle-
