m
HI CON;GHSS<IO^AL &LOBB.
Febnmi^ 7,
ipan cannot take the floor from him without his
consent.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker,having
adverted to the member who has presumed to cast
his imputations over an entire committee, and
having shown how fit a censor he is, especially
ijj the position in which his colleague on thecom-
mittee has just put him, to pronounce upon the
conduct of anybody touching thts extraordinary
measure, I proceed to examine the nature and
justness of his denunciations. He had the auda-
city, to say of the unanimous report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs that it was a " tissue of
misrepresentations and misstatements." As far
as the member attempted to prove this accusa-
tion, the following are his allegations. He says
thatthe committee have falsely stated the cost of
(he works' in the State of New York. This is his
language:
" It is asserted in this report, not on the authority of any
responsible name, cxcept that of the author of the report,
tfiat the expenditure essential to enlarge the course of the
Brie and Oswego canals would amount to the sum of
$30,000,000."
The only statement of the committee to which
this can have reference is as follows:
"But, again, it tnay be doubted whether any portion of
ttfce existing locks can be successfully adapted to the con-
templated passage of vessels of war. By the original plan
of the transverse water .section of the chambers of the
ibcks, a bevel was given to the face of the wall.-? of forty-
Qi e,one hundredths of a foot to the foot rise, from the floor
to a height of fony-four inches, or thirty-lour mehes above
canal bottom, where the chamber lm< a width of seventeen
reet eight inches; thence tp the top of the wails a battel of
fcftlf an inch to the foot rise, giving at that elevation a width
06eighteen feet ten inches. Unfortunately forthestiength
£nd stability of the locks, these bevels have at a great ex-
pense been cut away, by which means the walls have been
tk) far weakened as in ait probability to be unable to with-
stand the impinging of the gieat weight of a gunboat such
has been described. Accordingly, it would seem to be
the dictate of ordinary prudence, m adapting the locks ot
true canals to the u*c of war vessels, to reconstruct them
altogether. Tliia work cannot lie accomplished for less
tfean $8,000,000, nor in a shorter period of time than three
years."
There is no other statement in the report touch-
ing this point, except a remark showing that the
cost of excavating the Erie and Oswego canals so
ae to pass boats drawing six and a half feet would
cost $5,000,000.
This statement was made, sir, upon the esti-
mate of parties believed by the committee to be
able to judge of the question. It is corroborated
by the opinion of a gentleman referred to in the
report as a distinguished engineer long connected
with the canals of the State of New York, rind of
much practical and scientific learning. He says:
"Should the United States Government determine to
build the ninety locks of suitable dimensions to pass gun-
boats from tide-water to the lakes, on the Erie and Oswego
canals, with enlargement 01 the Clnunplam canal, the esti-
mates presented, made without surveys, would ivqune
similar additions as the crude e.stimates made for the Erie
canal enlargement, and this would make the sum required
$21,000,000, instead of the $7,000,000icpoitcd."
Next it is charged that the committee has made
a misstatement in referring to waters adjaccnt to
the lakes and serviceable for the building and har-
boring of gunboats. This topic occupies seven
lines of the report, while the other matters treated
cover sixteen pages. It is, perhaps, the least im-
portant, indeed the most diminutive, suggestion
made in the report, and was probably selected by
my colleague as the thing best adapted to his ap-
preciation and capacity.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would be glad if the gen-
tleman would yield to me to have an understand-
ing when the vote is to be taken on this bill. I
am going out on a committee of confotence, and
I want to know whether the vote is t  be taken
to-day. 1 would be glad if it were agreed that the
vote should be taken on Monday next at two
o'clock.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 thought that the
gentleman wanted to occupy the floor to make a
report from a committee of conference.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to know whether I
can go to a committee of conference.
F, A. CONKLING. I yiSld if it does not
come out of my. time.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Th ere are sevetal gen-
tlemen who desire to speak 011 this question, and
there is no desire on the part of the friends of the
Ifcill to unduly press a vote. If it be understood
thai when the H.ouse adjourns to-day that the
DCMMQ question shall be ordered and a vote taken
oa Monday, I fth&U.aot object.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Is this discussion to
gome out of my time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
ought not to, as the gentleman yields for the bet-
ter understanding of the business of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope that, by unani-
mous consent, discussion will be permitted to go
on to-day, and that we will be allowed to take a
vote sometime on Monday next, say two o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. X should be glad to have half
an hour on Monday to make some remarks on
this bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I hope that some ar-
rangement will be made by which, when the dis-
cussion closes to-day on this bill, we may go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, so that the gentleman from Nevada Ter-
ritory [Mr. Cradlebaugh] may be heard. He
has never occupied the time of the House in dis-
cussion for one moment this session. He is com-
pelled to leave the city this evening, and he desires
to address the House, before he goes, on a subject
in which he feels a deep interest.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have no doubt that he
will have that opportunity when the House closes
the discussion on this measure; that there will be
no objection to going into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the purpose
of speech making, with the understanding that no
vote is to be taken.
Mr. DAWES. I will ask the House on Mon-
day to pay some attention to the eases of contested
election reported to the House from the Commit-
tee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. Is it the understanding of
the House that the main question shall be ordered
before the House adjourns to-day?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 want to say a few words
on Monday before the vote is taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not think thatthe
discussion should go over until Monday. I insist
that debate should be closed to-day.
The SPEAKER. Then there is 110 under-
standing.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
may take it that there will be no vote to-day.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I was
about, when the interruption occurred, to answer
the charge that the committee have falsified geog-
raphy by intimating that gunboats might be built
and kept upon waters easily connected with the
great lakes. The committee say:
u Not far from the southern shore of the lakes, and easily
and Inexpensively connected with them, are numerous
bodies of water lying 111 the heart of region* abounding m
all the material* which enter into ship-building. Upon one
of these sheets of water, yards can be established and ves-
sel* constructed without infringing treaty obligation®, and
with ail the facilities afforded by any locality,and with ad-
vantages for preserving iron casings, which tresh water
aUmc1 ffoid.s. 
The suggestion is not original with the com-
mitted. It has been repeatedly made in the pub-
he press of the country, and by gentlemen who
have communicated with the committee. It ap-
pears prominently m an elaborate communica-
tion of Lieutenant Colonel Crane, of the United
States topographical engineers, addressed to the
chairman of the Military Committee of the Sen-
ate. He says:
" But where could we constructgunboats and have them
in readiness, armed and equipped, to launch immediately
into the takes, ^without violating the treaty,) ready for ac-
tion before the t>ix mouths' notice shall expire?
"■ T will endeavor toauswei this question in reference to
all the lakes exceptCItampIam. Theie  -■> a beautiful, safe,
and capacious hat bur in the Lower fox river, between the
head ol Green bay and the village Depeie, (see accompany-
ing map, No. 1.; This haibor i/five tn'les long, and for three
miles, at least, above the head of the bay. ample depth arid
room fot a navyXo float, and excellent b-hores fot ship build-
ing. Just where the Fox enters the voiy head of the bay,
it lequires twenty tour thousand cubic yards of mud and
sand to be dredged to give uj> at all tunes <t -straightchannel
two hundred feet wide, and twelve feet deep over the b<u.
where now the channel 1* crooked '>*•**
"There is one condition remaining to be mentioned 111
reference to the harbor of the Lower Fox. Would it bo long
enough tor trial trips of the iron-clad boats after being
equipped ? This, I mu-t confess, is a point not to be over-
loukud. To construct our boats there ami run them into
Gieen bay tor trial would be violating the treaty, and, per
haps, it might h« considered as violating the treaty to con-
fetiucithem there. Supposing this five miles in extent of
harbor too *hort, or the upper two miles too tdioal for these
trips which are alt important, we may report to Lake Win-
nebago, which I will now consider in reference to its ca-
pacity for the construction and trial of gunboats for Lakes
Superior, Hmou, Michigan, St. Clair, and Erie, where,!
think, it would not be violating the treaty to construct them,
i Lake/Wmnebago Is susceptible of being, connected, by a..
water channel twelve feet deep, with the haibor of the Fox
river refoired to, at an expen-e far le-?s than any equal ex-
tent ofmiprovment known in the country a< leq'uinng r-ueh
depth of water and lockage. For such an inipiov«-ment little
damage to landholders or to the nulls now in operation there
need be uicuircd. The exi-tmg slack water navigation
would contribute in affording faculties for making the new
improvements more than the oiiginal co^tof the existing
works, if the new woiks he skillfully engniecied. Lake
Winnebago, and also the Lower and Upper Fox, were sur-
veyed under my direction with a view to improvement to
the highest scale the problem admits, and repoi ted upon in
1839, under orders fiom the Buieau of Topographical En-
gineers.and the reports and drawings in detail, in plan and
profile, are now in the Buieau."
Again he says:
" Or Lake Oneida could be u«ed a* a very fit place for build-
ing gunboats in, to be floated down into Ontario m any
number, and the building, arming, and fiialol them in One-
ida lake would not violate the treaty. This beautiful lakeia
twenty miles long, bv five miles in width, and covers an
area of ninety-four square miles, according to the best map
I can find. The existing canals and O.^vvego river connect
it with Ontario by a water communication of thiity-five
miles, and they could be. improved, in compaiatively short
time, to a depth to allow the gunboats to pass, fully'armed
and equipped."
Tonawanda creek, having a depth of water of
twelve feet, and separated from the Niagara river
by a single lock, has also been suggested, and it
has numerousadvocates. An adequate basin, it is
asserted,could be provided upon this channel for
less than the cost of a single lock.
Third, the report is denounced for misrepre-
senting and belittling the prism of the Erie canal.
Upon that point the committee remarks as fol-
lows:
" Bur admitting that a mail-clad vessel of the proposed di-
mensions can be built drawing only six and a half feet, and
able to pass through the enlarged locks, it by no means fol-
lows that «he could navigate or tiaveise the canals. The
auditor of the canal depaitmentof the State of New York
says, under date oflOth ultimo: 'The Erie canal has a water-
way of seven feet deep, seventy feet wide at the top water-
line, and fifty-two and a half teet at the bottom, ft is in-
tended to givo boats navigating this canal a draught of six
feet water' Yet it appears bv the report of the State en-
gineer and survewn of that State, tiansmitted to theLegis-
latme on the 1.1th of January, 180-2, that the diaught of
boat<, during the preceding season of navigation, was lim-
ited by the canal board to five and a half feet. During the
dry season the drain upon the supply of water on the cen-
tral portion of the canal, for the u^e of the enlarged locks,
would be such as to render it impiacticable to maintain
even this depth of water.3'
This is the only statement of the committee re-
garding the prism of the Erie canal; and I insist,
as the report itself shows, that it is sustained by
the very highest authority. Yet, in the face of
the official records, my colleague ventures to deny
the fact without adducing a particle of evidence
to bear out his denial; and this, although the re-
port he brands as false has been on our tables for
a month, and he has had at his beck an army of
prompters in the lobby to rake the country for
evidence both true and trumped up.
But I will take leave of the cautious and logical
homily of my colleague to consider for a few mo-
ments (he general merits of this enormous project.
It is pr< seutcd as a pure military work,and noth-
ing else. It is a pretended provision against danger
impending now. Its necessity is argued from the
diplomaticarrangcmcntof the year 1817, between
this country and Great Britian, supplementary to
the treaty of Ghent. It was there stipulated that
but two vessels of one hundred tons each, bear-
ing one 18-pounder gun, should be placed by both
contracting parties upon the upper lakes; that one
such vessel should be placed upon Lake Ontario,
andoneupon Lake Champlain; and that no addi-
tional armament,should be placed by either Power
upon the lakes. " It was likewise stipulated that
if either party desired to abrogate the arrange-
ment, they could do so by giving six month®*
notice.
Since the date of this arrangement, canals and
locks have been built around the rapids of St.
Lawrence and the falls of Niagara, and thus
small vessels have been enabled to go .from tide-
water into the lakes. This circumstance has been
seized upon with avidity and paraded with osten-
tation to alTnght the public into the belief thai
vessels  >f war could and would cross the ocean,
and suddenly ravage the States and cities on our
| northern frontier.
! To meet this bugbear, we are now called upon
to prepare for a war with England, and to create
equality of naval access to the lakes. To do this
we are to make water-ways which will require
five years for completion; and which, when com-
pleted , will be closed for half the year by ice, and
subject during, the other half to hituieranees.and
