158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
3Yih Con*}....3d Sess.
Colony for Florida—Mr. Yeaman.
Ho. or Reps.
against a rebellion of its own citizens, is obnox-
ious to the suspicion of being convinccd that the
rebellion has passed into successful revolution,
has achieved its nationality, and that the busi-
ness now before us is, nut to suppress an insur-
rection, but to achieve the conquest of a nation of
foreigners, a people who have achieved their in-
dependence. To say the least, it would seem the
position of the enemy has appeared too strong to
oe carried by direct assault, and that we have de-
liberately sat down before his works, have de-
ployed our sappers and miners, have drawn the
first parallel, and commenced the slow experiment
of compelling a capitulation by gradual approach.
This is just what I deny, and just what I do not
want my Government to admit.
I have said the thing is not warranted by the
history of nations. When England, Holland,
France, Spain, and Portugal, each encouraged
emigration to, and colonization in, those parts of
the western hemisphere, as Canada, New Eng-
land, Virginia, California, Mexico, Peru, and
Florida, the occupation of which they claimed by
the right of discovery, or by conquest from those
whose destruction was then claimed as the service
of God and the progress of civilization, they did
it by making favorable grants to enterprising col-
onists,who had to encounter at once an unfriendly
climate and a race of merciless savages. In doing
this they of course desired not only to acquire
ail the rights of territorial continuity, in an un-
known continent, arising from discovery, occupa-
tion, purchase, or conquest, but also desired that
their respective national religions, national poli-
tics, national languages, and national civilizations,
might bo planted in the wilderness homes of those
hardy adventurers, and reign over and bless the
land, as the rightful successors of the idolatiy,
the ignorance, and tiie rude system of tribe gov-
ernment of the savage freeholders. Hence the
sword and the Bible were deemed proper and
necessary companions, so that whom the mission-
ary failed to persuade the soldier might compel.
The Scythian ovciran and occupied largo por-
tions of Asia and Europe; the Romans overran
and occupied Gaul and Britain; the Danes and
Normans, af different times, overran and occu-
pied England; the Crusaders swarmed into Pal-
estine and the Moors into Spain, and the English,
French, Dutch, and Spaniards overran and occu-
pied the western hemisphere. The idiom of Rome
followed her eagles and became the root of the
polite languages of modern Europe, and after she
leeeivt'd Christianity, the cross was planted wheie
the broadsword had cleaved the way- The cres-
eemofMohammt'd wont with the saberof the Sar-
acen, ami reigned fora season over the land ofthe
birth and the crucifixion of Christ, and for seven
or ei^lit conhuie.s the Moor at Grenada looked
towaids Mooch, while his Christian enemy at
Madrid and Lisbon was kneeling before the image
ofthe Virgin Mary. Hut m all these examples
tlie attempt was to conquer and possess the coun-
try of foreigners, whether equals or barbaiians,
and not to suppress a iebelhon within the same
nationality. In these schemes of conquer, ex-
pansion, and prosdyTTsm, the colonial system was
at once an efficient means and a necessary result.
To cany the language, the mannors, the letters,
the laws, the religion,and the science of conquer-
ors to the conquered,or of tho mother Government
to the infant colony m the wilderness, is an idea
at once nntuial and histotical. The annals of al-
most every great nation furnish examples of its
use and its success. It whitened the bosom of tho
Meditei i anean with a thousand fleets, and jew-
eled its shores und its islands with a score of cit-
ies, one of which became so great a uval of im-
peunl Rome tlfot it was deemed necessary tomake
the destruction of one city the battle-cty of a na-
tion, and dclenda r.sI Carthago expresses more of
fear than of heroism.
Jjut in all these examples, as I before remarked,
the movement was against a foreign enemy or a
race of outside barbarians, with nothing in com-
mon of religion, of government, or of language.
Bot hoie we are at war wuh a rebellion, with fel-
loic-cit'izeus, as I hold, under one Government,
identified by laws, manners, language, and reli-
gion with om sol ves; and it is proposed to suppress
that rebellion by exterminating the ideas and the
interest in which the rebellion is supposed to have
originated; and this is to be done by extermina-
ting or pressing out the race of people entertain-
ing those ideas. The folly, the meanness, and the
desperation of the thing are easily made manifest.
My reasoning is this: if we can thoroughly beat
the rebel armies in the field before our money and
our credit give out, (which, in modern wars, are
always exhausted before the supply of fighting
men is fully developed, and has given rise to the
observation that war is as much a game of finance
as a contest of arms,) then we can crush the re-
bellion without those cowardly and malicious
aids. If we fail in that, then yourslowerschemes
of emigration, colonization, and substitution of
populations, will fail even more signally because of
the greater time and the greater expense required.
Colonies must be protected as well as planted;
and to plant and protect a colony presupposes
that occupancy of a country which is wholly in-
consistent with the success of a rebellion or the
existence of a foreign foe on the same soil. I may
say of these schemes, as I have said of the proc-
lamation, that if you cannot succeed withoutthem,
you cannot with them; and if you can succeed
without them, you not only do not want them, but
they are in your way, because of the additional
force required in the execution ofan extensive and
ramified colonial system, and because of the unity
and desperation among the enemy and the divis-
ions among the friends of the Government caused
by such bad schemes.
What aic the guarantees thrown around the
scheme embraced in this resolution to prevent
loss to the Government in its failure, or the dis-
grace that may follow its success? When these
volunteers go there and serve out their nine
months, and are then discharged, what are they
going to do? How will they live ? Transferred
suddenly from military duty to civil life, how will
they subsist? Whose landsand houses will they
occupy ? Will they not take any they can find, or
choose that which suits them best? Are they to
take the lands and homes of private persons, and
families made helpless and defenseless by a war
for which they are not responsible ? Is the Gov-
ernment to give them lands in Florida, and neglect
other soldiers in other States? Are they to return
their arms and other public property at the end of
their term of service, or keep them, as other sol-
diers arc not allowed to do? And if they return
them, how are they to be protected after the nine
months expire, unless the war has then ended?
Keep a standing army around them for that pur-
pose? What, I ask, is the programme of action?
Are we to decoy these people into an enemy's
country, and deliver them over to his tender mer-
cies? Or shall we unleash them on defenseless
non-combatants, and invite them to a carnival of
plunder and robbery ? Will not the friends of this
measure amend the resolution and put it in such
form as to prevent twenty thousand volunteers
fiom causing you twenty thousand blushes and
regrets? Do notgentlemen see, in its very vague-
ness, a wide langc for irregularity and violence ?
Was a margin, admitted to be unusual, left open
for that purpose?
Our confidence is not increased by the avowed
understanding, not expressed 111 the resolution,
nor in thereportof the majority of the committee,
that these volunteers are to be foreigners, with
little if any understanding of our laws and insti-
tutions; and who, without being more evil dis-
posed than other men, will go there under the
voiy unfortunate impiession, derived from Gov-
ernment officials, that lebels have no rights, and
that a loyal man, or a soldier of the Government,
can take what he wants for the trouble of finding
itand seizing it. Itwould be hard, but not strange,
to see a mother and her starving little ones claim-
ing shelter from the stoim, under a roof they in-
nocently thought was their own, and hear them
repulsed with an indifferent or short answer, that
would no doubt be esteemed the highest consider-
ation due them. When did it come to pass that
this great Government, in defending and preserv-
ing itself, was necessitated to ask the advicc or
accept theassistanceof strangers, who may prove
to be either valuable friends or mere adventurers
and mountebanks?
On the 30th of September, 1860, the whole
quantity of Government land surveyed and ready
for market in Florida was 4,797,665 acres. During
the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1860, when
the way of quietand regularinvestmentby honest
men was open to Mr. Eli Thayer and his follo w-
ers, there were sold of the public lands in Florida
10,492 acres at $1 25, or more, per acrc, 1,418
acres at one dollar, 5,020 acres at seventy-five
cents, 480 acrcs at fifty cents, 20,363 acres at twen-
ty-five cents, and 32,422 acres at twelve and a half
cents, making the whole quantity sold 70,200
acres—about two and a half acres per head for
twenty thousand men. The whole gross amount
realized from sales was $34,805 16—less than two
dollars per man for twenty thousand men. During
the same time the amount realized from sales in
Arkansas was §501,939 87, and from all sources
$1,843,630 24. 1 have selected the year preced-
ing the rebellion, as none since then would throw
any light upon the subject; and I have not men-
tioned these facts with any view to the disparage-
ment of Florida, but only to show that though
the settled parts of that State may be the garden
of the earth, the wild lands of the Government
are by no means attractive, and that it is not ex-
pected or intended that these emigrants shall seek
for homes in the hitherto undisturbed "dominions
of the alligator, the frog, and the mosquito, but
in the houses, the gardens, and the fieldsof apop-
ulation officially claimed by our President to be
our fcllow-citizens.
If these people do not settle on public lands,
what title are they to acquire to other lands ? The
law as it stands only vests in the Government an
estate in the lands of rebels for the lifetime of
the rebel, and that is all that can be done under
the Constitution. If you give only that, it is un-
just to the emigrants, as some would then lake
for only an hour or a day, while some would take
for a half century, if the condemned rebel hap-
pened to live so long. If you attempt to give
more than a life-estate, the Supreme Court is very
certain to decide against the emigrant, and will
have a right to ask for the assistance of the mili-
tary power m dispossessing the emigrant whom
you have so foolishly invited on to anotherman's
land.
And then you are placing another obstacle in
the way of that great negotiation by which this
trouble must and will finally be ended. Do you
suppose the enlightened and just masses of the
North will allow proclamations, emancipations,
and titles acquired by violence to stand in the way
of a restoration of this Union? Not for a day!
They will be swept away as irresistibly and with
as little concern as a gale from the North sea
would drive the malaria from a Florida ssvamp.
I am determined that if these poor deceived men
go there and get themselves and families into
trouble, if not ruin, the fault shall not he at my
door. I warn them against it.
Mr. Speaker, shall we forget all the great les-
sons of history and revelation? Shall we forget
the nature of man, and that his passions are a great
magazine, most apt to destroy m its explosion
those who apply the torch? Remember, gentle-
men, there are twofeatures in revolutionary times:
one is excessive conduct; the other, terrible re-
bounds. The good men who sought to inaugurate
a political reform in France were in turn guillo-
tined by the ruffians and bloodthirsty cowards
who obtained control under Robespierre, because
they would not go far enough. They were loyal
enough to their country and to republicanism,but
not loyal enough to the genius of destiuction and
revenge. Will nor the red republicans of America
heed the fate thatswiftly overtook the red repub-
licans of France, and did not spare Robespierre,
their leader, when the rebound came ? I have not
satd black republicans of America, because 1 do
not deal in epithets, and because I prefer to usea
historical name to designate a historical party that
has existed in differentcenturiesand in many Gov-
ernments. It did, indeed, at'one time appear that
he who would venture to resist the dominant party
might be visited with the fate of those who would
not agree that an amiable woman ought to be
muidcred because she was a queen, and an inno-
cent boy because he happened to be born in a
palace.
But the people have spoken. And, sir, if they
