THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
; A deepening of the cannbto adapt thorn to tills draught :
six and n half feet, requiring seven feet depth of water, ;
the reconstruction of the lock?, and the improvement ot the j
rivrr's—admltthig the latter practicable—cannot be aceom- j
pUshed, no mutter how much money be appiopriated, with-
out labor and without time. The time required for the com-
pletion of the improvement1*, before the first boat could i
reach the lake, is an element u> be considered, especially !
in reference to the military defence against a Power which
cAuscb present solicitude. This nine cannot, with any pro-
priety, be put down less than five years, supposing we had
alf the money requisite in bank at the outset, and profound
peaee:mid labor at command, at? of yore'.
, {'In the report of the Military Committee before men-
tioned, upon the much to-be-desired improvement* of the
IIHnoN river, I al*o find that the depths of water on the bars
in tile upper portion of it were as follows in the monthb of
3850 j
In March, 6' 5"; April, 3' 5 '; May, 2' 7 June, I' 11";
July, 2' 3"; August, 2'; September, 1' 8"; October, I' 8';
November, 2' 5".' This is a valuable icco^d. The lowest
stages here noticed were in September and October, giving
only twenty inches of water.
*' The proposed plan of improvement is tantamount to add-
ing, by artificial mean-?, a prism of water of ft' 4" depth to
the river, in order to m&uie at len-t seven feet d,%pt!i at all
times and at all places. It is proposed to maintain this ad-
ditional prism only by cross-dams—in the language of the
ireport, follows: 1 By seven tree ami cub dams nine hun-
dred feet long, and seven «tono looks, three hundred and fifty
feet long, seventy feet wide; the banks bein<j>oeieyaicd as
to allow of the impiovement ot the rivet by locks and dams
to render it navigable for vessels drawing six leet of water
without overflowing them; dams and locks at a cost of
,645,0:10.'
"The mode of constructing the dams with trees and enbs
is good if cross-dam* have to be consuucted. But m the
plan no provision seem* to hav(*t>een made toguaid against
the effects that might be expected in inch htajjes of watei.
In June. 1844, J witnessed a rise to a height of eleven feel
above its banks for miles in extent, whete, in rtepfcinbei.
there was not ovei eighteen to twerny in< he* depth in thw
river. In the Buieau of Topographical Kngiueeix theie i->
a map of this river, made m 1^4, under the authoritj of
Colonel Long, for an extent ot one hundred and hltv uuIps
up fioin its mouth. A careful ^tudv of tins map, together
with the known cireum^tauccsof the fluctuations fiom ex-
treme low to extreme high water, and a knowledge of the
topography of its banks, will throw the c.irelul engineer
upon the consideration of the question ot making an entire
new canal for the whole extent of the river; in other wouls,
of prolonging the Illinois and Michigan canal from itspn s-
ent southern extremity to the Me-b.stippi, befoie he would
dccidc upon the final plan of unpioverncnt."
> But the State of New York, she is to be the re-
cipient of a golden boon. Her canals are to be
improved at the expense of somebody else. This
is the specious case presented to her, and the votes
of her Representatives have been solicited, and,
perhaps, some of them have been secured by thus
view of the subject. If the canals of New York
alone were provided for in the bill she might be
shifting hor burdens in part to other shoulders.
But her canals are only a little part of the work to
be done. The New York improvement ia log-roiled
in to helpandstrengthen anexpendituremorethan
Jour times greater than her own. Tiie bill appropri-
ates $17,000,000 in round terms, of which New
York is to receive only; $3,500,000. Hut it is sus-
ceptible of demonstration thai the State of New
York pays about one fourth of all the taxes raised
by this Government, and then how will the ac-
count stand ? Why, we shall pay $4,250,000, and
we shall receive $3,500,000; and, of course, it is
plain that we shall lose $750,000 by the operation.
If this loss shall come, if the present vast appro-
priation proves only an installment of an infinitely
vaster sum; if disaster and peculation shall fol-
low in the train of a pernicious and selfish pro-
ject fastened upon a confiding and sorrowing1 peo-
ple, it will console me to remember that I raised
ray voice against it, even though by doing- so 1
have exposed myself to malice and attack. And
now, sir, in accordancc with a promise, I yield
the remainder of my tune to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Trimble 1
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Sppaker, I had desired
more fully than i shall be able to do in the brief
time allotted to me, to give to the House my opin-
ions upon this subject. As a western man 1 foel
a great deal of interest in it; and must be permit-
ted to state at the very outset that while other
gentlemen are expressing surprise that opposition
should be made to a measure of this sort, from
anyquarter,it strikes me as very remarkable that,
in this great emergency, we should be devising
modes of expending the money of the people in-
stead of providing means to carry on this war for
the protection and preservation of our Govern-
ment. This measure was first proposed as a war
measure, as a military necessity. I shall make
use of no aigumerus against such ari assumption
that. It has also been urged as a matter of
commercial necessity. Sir, I state here upon my
knowledge of the businessof fcho western country
and of the necessities of transportation of our sur-
plus produce to the eastern sea-board, that there
is no commercial necessity for this measure.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman let me
give some figures? I will only take two minutes.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Oh, no; it would be taken
out of my time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The House will give you 'that
much more time.
Mr. WADSWORTH. O.der, Mr. Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
re not in order.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Sir, before this war com-
menced, and when we had the Mississippi river,
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, the Pennsylva-
nia Central railroad, the St. Lawrence, and the
railroads and canals of New York, there wertf
ample means for the transportation of all the sur-
plus producc of the West to the sca-board, with
an occasional exception. As an evidence of this,
1 allude to a fact that is perfectly familiar to every
business man m this country* as well as to pres-
idents and directors of railroads and the shippers of
produce; and that is, that all over the country, on
the lines of through and cross lailroads and upon
the canals agents and runners were to be seen so-
liciting freight for these different routes; and so
great was the competition that every few months it
was announced that there was to be a railroad con-
vention in New York or Philadelphia or Cleveland
or Cincinnati for the purpose of forming combi-
nations and making arrangements by which the
business of these roads could be earned on with-
out sacrifice to them. Now, sir, why was this
effort, this combination? What necessity was
there for sending these agents and runners all
over the country to secure business if there was
so much of it that they could not supply the de-
mand for transportation ?
Mr. Speaker, if has been repeatedly announced
upon this floor that this is a national measure.
Sir, it has no more semblance of nationality about
it than a proposition would have to enlarge the
Miami canal, or any other canal in the western
country, or the extension of any great line of rail-
road connecting the West with the sea-board.
My time will not permit a full refutation of this
idea of nationality being attached to the New
York canals, and more especially to this Illinois
and Michigan canal. If these have been great
national thoroughfares, is it not very remarkable
that it was never discovered until now ? If they
were so important to all sections of the country,
why was the burden of their construction imposed
upon State and individual enterprise? Sir, the
people of this country have never fully indorsed
the policy of nationalizing works of internal im-
provement. Their development and execution
nave been left to the demands of trade, and to
State and individual enterprise.
in reply to the sneering remark of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Olin] who sits before
me, that not more than ten million dollars of the
producc of the West found a market at New Or-
leans, I desire to state that, from a report now in
my hand, made by Mr. Andrews, in 1S54, to Mr.
Guthrie, then Secretary of the Treasury, in ac-
cordance with a resolution of the Senate in 1852,
the domestic trade of the Mississippi was some
twenty-five milltonsgreater than that of the lakes.
In 1852 the downward trade of the Mississippi
was over one hundred and eight million dollars,
while that of the New Yotk canals, the New Yot k
railroads, and the St. Lawrence tide-water, reached
only $66,000,000. It is true that since that time
up to 1860, for reasons which my time will not
permit me now to state, the increase of the lake
trade has been greater than that of the Missis-
sippi river; but when this rebellion broke out
nearly three fourths of the trade of the southern
half of Ohio, and probably more than that pro-
portion of the trade of southern Indiana and Illi-
nois, sought the channel of the Ohio and Missis-
sippi. Western Virginia, the whole of Kentucky,
Tennessee, Missouri, and a portion of Iowa, have
heretofore and must continue to seek the same
channel.
Any gentleman who doubts the accuracy of these
statements can have an opportunity, when I shall
have closed the few remarks I shall be permitted to
make, of looking at the report. It is unnecessary
to magnify the importance of the great Missis-
sippi liver by detracting from that of other chan-
nels of communication with the sea-board. As a
, western man, my interest in an increase of faciii-
; ties for the transportation of the surplus products
I of the West is equal to that of any other gentle-
! man; but I love my whole country more than 1 do
any particular section of u; and now, when bank-
ruptcy is staring us in the face, when we ought
to be, if we are not, troubled about the means by
which we are to carry on this war, it is no time
to embark in a grand system of internal improve-
ment.
As a member of the old Whig party I approved
the internal improvement policy of Mr. Clay at
the time when the Mississippi liver was the only
outlet for our surplus breadstuff's, and the com-
mon roads were the only channel of communica-
tion with the sea-board. The people of that coun-
try were poor; the Government was able, and
it seemed but just that at that particular period
it should lend a helping hand in developing the
resomces of the mighty West. But, sii, that
time has passed. No necessity exists now, either
in time of peace or in time of war, for the Gov-
ernment to assume the duty or labor of buiidirTg
railroads and canals for the convenience of the
commerce and trade of the country. Sir, let me
ask gentlemen why they did not three years ago
bring forwai d this measure for enlarging the New
York and Illinois canals? Is there a greater ne-
cessity for it now than there was then? There
may be temporal ily \ but if the country is to
derive any advantage from these contemplated
improvements, it certainly will not be until after
this war is terminated, when the blockade of
the Mississippi will be mnovo/1, and the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad reopened. Sir, if this
was a commercial necessity; if I believed, even,
that it was a military necessity, and that a war
between this country and England was imminent,
I would not, when we have already a war upon
our hands that demands all our energies, and all
the resources of the country, engage in such an
enterprise as this.
I would like to know, Mr. Speaker, why it is
that my friend from New York [Mr. Olin] is so
zealous an advocate of this measure. He says
that New York began her internal improvements
on a liberal policy, that the amount of freight
transported over her canals for the West exceeds
by fifteen times the amount of her own products.
But. where does it go? I ask that gentleman if he
is not just as much interested in the great com-
mercial empouuin of his State ^vs he is in the ag-
ricultural districts of the State, and if this canal
was not built as much to direct trade to the city
of New York as to afford the people of the State
facilities for getting their produce to market> Sir,
he cannot have any more sympathy for the great
State of Ohio and other States of the West than
I have; and my opposition to this bill, he must
permit me to say, is quite as consistentas his ad-
vocacy of it, though he declares the benefits are to
accrue chiefly to the West.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
COMMISSARY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BUFF1NTOX. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me a moment for the purpose of having
a bill taken from the Speaker's table, and Senate
amendments concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
The act to promote the efficiency of the com-
missary department was taken from the Speaker's
table, and the following amendments of the Sen-
ate were concurred m.
First amendment:
In line two, strike out the words {* by regular promotion
therein."
Second amendment:
In line three, after the woids "brigadier peneral," insert
! the wouls "to be selected irom the subsistence depart-
i incnt."
j Third amendment:
; After the wot d u subsistence," Insert the words " by reg-
ular piomotion."
Mr. BUFFINTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments were concurred
in; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sun* CANALS—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS resumed the floor.
Mr. D1VEN. 1 ask the gentleman from Penn-
