APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
3*71:11 Cong....3d Sess.
Conduct of the War-^-Mr. Lazear.
Ho. of Keps.
der, burn, and destroy, bearing on a pole the body
of a white infant as a standard, were heroes. I
da not agree with Lord ICames; and perhaps I
differ widely with many gentlemen on this floor
who voted for the late negro bill. Colonel Hig-
ginson, to be sure, says that "the key to the suc-
cessful prosecuUon of this war lies in the unlim-
ited employment of black troops."
Perhaps 1 do not understand the meaning of
this expression. If the writer intended to convey
the idea that negroes made better soldiers than
whites, I think he does injustice to our brave and
loyal volunteers; but if his language imports that
slaves, armed and supported by our Government,
are ready to " break and to avenge their fetters"
by massacre and devastation, I will not controvert
his position, but leave him to enjoy all the credit
it may bring to him as an officer and a man.
I confess that I would prefer a peace rather than
to have the people of the South exterminated, as
has been intimated, and to see their lands occu-
pied by thei'f discharged slaves, even if we were
sure they would raise no more cotton.
I do not wish to be uncivil to gentlemen of this
House who may have negro proclivities, nor do
I object to any white person allowing full equality
to colored people in their private intercourse. They
may have sable companions, cheek by jowl, at
their firesides and at their tables, without remon-
strance from me. It is, so far, a matter of taste,
about which there is no disputing. 1 am opposed,
however, to their being made either soldiers or
citizens by martial law, or any other process be-
yond the pale of the Constitution. I do not want
a negro, however brave, at the head of our Army,
nor do I desire to see one, however comely or
savory, occupy the chair 1 am addressing. Greatly
would 1 prefer a speedy peace on fair terms to a
servile war, and after its termination to have hordes
of black compeers to share, or, perhaps, control
my social rights.
But I protest against being abused and called
"disloyal" for expressing pacific views. In a
newspaper I observed, a few days ago, what the
editor calls a " noble letter" from General Ilose-
crans to the Assembly of the State of Ohio, m
which, after giving a severe pen-slashing to south-
ern rebels and "sympathizer," he says:
"Absolutely assured of these things, 1 am amazed that
any ono could think oi potict; on any tciiii--. lie who un-
tenant the sentiment U 111 only to lie a slave; he who ut-
teis it lit this time is, moreover,atraitoi to Ins countiy, who
derives the scom and contempt of all honoiablo men.7'
Sevefe language, this; particularly so, ns the
Constitution guaranties to every man"full freedom
of spcecli, ami the law of the land does not de-
clare woid.s, however objectionable, to be treason.
A different opinion on (ii is point seems to be en-
tertained even by men of high position, arising,
perhaps, out of ihe undefined character and im-
port of what iscailed martial law. To " speak evil
of dignities" is wrong. The law of God requires
us to treat our rulers with respect; and wantonly
to vilify them is very reprehensible. But to de-
nounce as criminal the free discussion of the official
acts of public men is destructive of liberty. If
abuses aie practiced, what chance would there be
of reform if we ate prohibited from speaking of
them ?
To illustrate the views I am endeavoring to pre-
sent, I will quote from a hue Tribune a few sen-
tences in a speech delivered by General Bnrnside
before the " Christian Commission "in New York.
After saying much, and very well, he introduced
the incidents winch I give in his own words:
£,I hoard a man in Washington—I was-in citizen'^ dress—
a man who had half a dozen adtmiors around him, saying
he wanted the gfiullc/tiiir* eMabhsht d hy !he Government!
and tie wanted head- to fall hy the thoii-aruis. Ho was
striving to show special enthu-'a&m in favor of the Ad-
miiiisuauon. I heard another man talking to ,i soldier m
the can in a strain Th.tr 1 call treasonable." lie \va? tr\ m 
to impress the soldiei with the idea that he ought not to
return to his diny in the field ; thai this war had become a
political wai •, that the Pie%ident ofihe United States—only
he u*ed an opprobiuiu-. epithet in =peakmg of him was
fighting tin-- war lor a political puiposc."
Perhaps those two anecdotes present truly and
forcibly the condition of the public mind in our
country just now, disturbed and divided into ex-
treme parlies. Tin; first man the general heaid
was evidently a decfaimer of the Marat school,
who would introduce among us the " reign of ter-
ror''and. destroy all who oppose his desperate^
aims. Let me quote a few lines:
" History affords many instances of bloodthirsty individ-
uals ; hut hero we find a large portion of amnion urging the
slaughter of persons of all sexes, ages, and conditions, while
their mouths were full ot high-sounding phrases of liberty,
equality, virtue, and justice, perverting a thousand inno-
cent acts to crimes and even inventing new crimes (c. g.,
negotmntism) in Bordeaux to suit the occasion. The reign
of terror shows a more general frenzy than any other period
of history."
This was the deplorable state of Prance in the
early stage of the revolution. More than a mil-
lion of men, women, and children, were put to
death, and, as was pretended, to save the country.
We are not yet ascended far in this climax of
horror, but some think that we are in progress.
Our new political crime, "sympathy," corre-
sponds with the " negotiantism" of the French
republicans, and our " provost marshals" per-
form pretty well the functions of "revolutionary
committees." So far we are spared the guillotine,
and I hope that forbearance will be continued,
mad instigators notwithstanding.
The other individual that General Burnside re-
fers to was very wrong in endeavoring to per-
suade a soldier not to return to the Army. It was
not " treasonable," however; but-in a moral and
political sense he was culpable, and deserved re-
buke from the officer. By the "rules and arti-
cles," if he had belonged to the ranks, he would
have incurred punishment by a court-martial; but
as a citizen he was not so amenable. As to the
language he used about the " political war,"&c.,
it was nothing more than any loyal man may say.
He may question and condemn in his opinion the
purposes and acts of the«-Exccuiive or any other
publicagent without incurring censure. We are
not informed of the "opprobrious epithet" he
used in speaking of the President, but it was cer-
tainly riot crime. It may have been indecorous,
but could not involve legal guilt.
On this point, however, I find there are surpris-
ing discrepancies. At the " Christian Commis-
sion" meeting I have noticed, one of the speakers,
llev. J. I. Duryea, used this language:
" It was one of the fearful signs of the tunes when the
man upon whom the responsibility of saving the Govern-
ment re.-utd, could l)C cai icatuicd and ridiculed. It ought
to have been high uea-on to speak with levity of him upon
whose shoulders God had placed the weight of our Gov-
ernment.'7
I am sorry that a minister of the Gospel could
give such an utterance. The fair import of the
sentence quoted is, that any man who talks of the
Piesident with " lightness," " want of considera-
tion," or " gaiety,"ought to be hung. The prop-
osition is alarming to freemen. It confounds all
giades of moral and legal delinquencies, and, if
sustained by a predominant party, it might intro-
duce a " reign of terror" by the expansive power
of martial law. But suppose it was intended to
include the graver offenses of "caricature and
ridicule,"still the case would not be altered. Gro-
tesque lepresentHtions of the person of the Presi-
dent or contemptuous derision of his manners, al-
though forbidden by the rules of courtesy, arc
not violations of the law.
Washington was much abused. During his first
term " insults were offered to his authority by the
French minister, Genet, and his party in our coun-
try, in official papers, m anonymous libels, and
by tumultuous meetings." tie bore it all. Not
a man was arrested. He outlived calumny, and
iiis fame stands as the eternal rocks.
His successor,Mr. Adams, waseleeted by a par-
ty who were supposed to have strong monarch-
ical tendencies. They wore called Federalists,
because they regarded our Constitution not as a
mere league or covenant of independent States for
certain defined and limited objects, but as one con-
solidated Government, with'all the rights of rad-
ical sovereignty. They considered the President
as almost a king, and the separate members com-
posing this concentrated Union as little more than
corpoi ations. There was, however, another party
who, at first in derision, were called by the mag-
nates Democrats. These claimed, as the name
signifies, that all power belongs to the people.
Many of ihem had resisted unto blood the author-
ity exercised by Great Britain to impose a tax
upon a pound of their tea without their full con-
sent, and they were still opposed to everything
liice despotic rule,
The disturbed condition of Europe, arising out
of the French convulsions, extended to this coun-
try and caused much division. On the one side
it was alleged that the Federalists, who controlled
the Government, were arrayed against the spread
of those principles of freedom for which we had
successfully fought; and on the other, it was said
that the Democrats were striving to introduce an
ultra liberty, which would be destructive of social
order! There was much popular excitement, and
agreatdeal was said and written that gave offense
to the Administration.
On the 25th March, 1797, President Adams
^called, by proclamation, a special meeting of Con-
gress, and when they were assembled, on the
16th May, he came to the Representatives Cham-
ber and addressed both Houses convened. To-
wards the close of his speech he adverted to the
public irritations thatexisted, in these words:
"It is impossible to conceal from ourselves, or the world,
what has been before observed, that endeavors have been
employed to foster and establish a division between the
Government and the people of the United States. Toinves •
tigate the causes which have encouraged this attempt is not
necessary; but to repel, by decided and united councils,
insinuations &o derogatory to the honor, and aggressions so
dangerous to the CWistitution, Union, and even independ-
ence of the nation, is an indi&pensible duty."
Congress, having a Federal majority, responded
to this suggestion; and the "sedition law" was
passed. This act did not declare it treason to
"caricature and ridicule theGovernment,"or"to
speak with levity" of the President; but it placed
a strong restraint upon the freedom of discussion
as to the measures of the Administration, and
was regarded as unconstitutional. It operated
for some time as a kind of muzzle to close the
mouths of the excited people, but it did not stop
the progress of resentful public opinion. The
Federal supremacy was terminated. Mr. Adams
was abandoned by his own party. At the next
election the popular vote was a tie, and it was
thiown upon the House, where, upon the thirty-
sixth ballot, ten States appeared for Jeffeison and
four, namely, New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
Connecticut, and Rhode Island, for Burr.
A great change had taken place as to party pre-
dominance. On the very first ballot there were
fifty-three votes, all Federalists, for Burr, and fif-
ty-one Democrats for Jefferson. The advocates
for freedom of speech at last carried the day, how-
ever, and the sedition law was soon gone.
Jefferson, in his first message to Congress, on
the 8th of December, 1801, asserted the gieat fun-
damental principles of our social institutions,
which are now in jeopardy. He said:
" When we consider that this Government is charged
with the external and mutual relations only of these States;
that the States themselves have puncipal care of our per-
sons, our pioperty, and oui icputation ; contututing the
gicat field of human concern?, we rn.iy well doubt whether
out oiganization not too complicated, too expensive ;
whether oflsces and officers have not been multiplied un-
neces.-at ilv, and sometimes injuriously to the service they
were meant to promote."
A few days after his inauguration, in a letter
to Elbridge Gerry, he says:
"The right of opinion shall suffer no invasion from me.
Those who have acted well have nothing to fear, however
they may have differed fiom me in opinion.'"
Mr. Jefferson pursued the even tenor of his way,
and never in a single instance violated the letter
or spirit of the Constitution, nor did he interfere
with the persona! rights of a citizen, oreven brine
an action for damages against oneof his thousand
libplers.
The Administration of Mr. Madison was one
of great trial and difficulty. When the war of 1812
was declared all the Federal members of the House
of Representatives published an addiess to their
constituents in opposition to the measure. The
people of the northern States, their legislative
bodies, the press, and even the pulpit were arrayed
against the Government. Every possible embar-
rassmentwas thrown in the way of the President,
and he was even called upon to resign. Notwith-
standing these obstacles, however, he carried on
the war successfully, without ever transcending
the line of strict constitutional power. He never de-
clared martial law; he never suspended thqhabeas
corpus writ; he never ordered the military arrest
of civilians; lie never confiscated or forfeited the
property of citizens underan assumed war power
without judicial trial before a jury; he never en-
