1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
a voice from the West, and not from a mere local
interest there, hud demanded the passage of such
a measure. The West, in this horn*, when the
accumulating burdens of a great national debt are
bearing so heavily upon her, and her agricultural
and commercial interests are so nearly prostrate,
has no treasure to furnish for enterprises like this.
She wants all the treasures which she contributes
to the nation well husbanded for the suppression
of the rebellion, and especially for opening to her
the accustomed outlet for her agricultural produc-
tions through the channel ofthe Mississippi river;
and any diversion of the public moneys at this
critical period to great schemes of internal im-
provement she regards as so much detracted from
this'object, and the forerunner of immeasurable
calamity to her.
Sir, it has been well said that for the last twenty
years, whenourTreasury has,indeed, been full to
overflowing, no proposition like the one present-
ed by this bill has been made to the Congress of
theUnited States.- Repeatedly has the Democratic
party gone before the country with the inscription
upon its banners of opposition to a gigantic sys-
tem of internal improvements, and repeatedly has |
it triumphed upon that issue. But now, sir, in
this period of our national calamity, when we are
threatened with national bankruptcy, without the
subject ever having been discussed before the peo-
ple; without a suspicion on their part that we were
about to enter upon a great system of internal im-
provements, we are asked to pass this measure,
pledging us, under whatever sharp disguises it
may be concealed, to an expenditure for a river
and canal wholly within the State of Illinois, and
othercanals wholly within theState of New York, ■
of not less than $50,000,000. And, sir, what is j
to follow? Sir, this bill is the first fruit of a com- ;
bmation,the faint outcroppmgs only of which we
have yet seen. It is, sir, but
"The baby figure of the giant mass
Ol thing* 10 come at large."'
Sir, look over your files and see what proposi- '
tionsarenow before this House for which appro- i
priations will be sought with the same earnestness
as for the one under discussion. There if a prop-
osition to construct an air-line railroad between ,
Washington and New York;a proposition to con-
struct a metropolitan railroad between Washing-
ton and the Point of Rocks; a proposition to con-
struct the Conneilsville road from Cumberland to
Connellsviile; a proposition to construct a railroad
from Louisville to Knoxville, Tennessee; a prop-
osition to construct a laihoad in Missouii: and a
pioposition to construct a railroad and telegraph
in Kansas; and I know not how many others of a
similar kind.
I say if these measures were to be passed, the
credit of the Government would become so pros-
trate that its bonds would not sell m the market
for ten cents on the dollar.
Last session the measure before the House had
very little strength. I remember perfectly well
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arn-old]
was pressing with his customary zeal and impa-
tience a part of the present measure as an inde-
pendent bill—that relating to the Illinois river and
the Illinois and Michigan canal—and was insist-
ing upon the previous question, and on keeping
on t amendments. The gentleman from New ^ ork,
[Mr. Olin,j in language winch did not reach the
reporters, but was heard by many in this quarter
ofthe House, signified to him, after the defeat of
the bill, in very warm terms, that he had got what
he deserved. But now we find that bill wedded to
the proposition for the improvement ot New York
canals, and the newly wedded pairjiaveno fonder
friend than the gentleman from New York; and
I do not doubt that he is a sincere one. And he
now asks us all, as a patriotic duty, to rejoice at
the nuptials and furnish a queenly dowry. Sir,
some of us have constituents too poorly endowed
with this world's goods to yield to the seductive
invitation.
No, sir; this bill aims a blow at the State which
I, in part, represent, and others of the western
States. I would like to illustrate it, as I surely
could were I not limited under the stern arrange-
ment to which I have to submit, to the space of
fifteen minutes. The gentleman from Ohio, who
has just taken his seat, has, however, clcaily ex-
hibited it, and spared me the necessity. It is
enough to say here that this is a proposition in
effect^ to embark in an expenditure of <50,000,000
for local improvements in New York and Illinois;
States, sir, that have heretofore more lavishly en-
joyed the bounty ofthe General Government than
any other two States. It would be endless to re-
count the appropriations which have been made
to or directly mured to the benefit of New York.
The country is familiar with them. Look, too, at
Illinois. The most munificent grants of public
lands that have ever been made to any State have
been made to her. Look at her great Central
railroad, extending from Cairo to Chicago, with
a branch from Centraha to Galena, a road con-
structed almost entirely on the credit of lands
thus granted and of means derived from their
sales; the longest line, I believe, under the con-
trol of one company, in the Union, or, perhaps,
in the world.
And now, sir, notwithstanding this munificent
liberality of the Government, and notwithstand-
ing her State bonds to-day sell for more in the
market than the bonds of the United States, her
.Representatives—I will not say herself—ask that
a river which rises and terminates on her own
soil, and a canal which begins and terminates on.
her soil, shall be improved by the Gerferal Govern-
ment at an expense of, they profess, $13,000,000,
but which will exceed, in the event, more than
twice that amount. Sir, cannot New York and
Illinois take upon themselves the burden of their
own local improvements? At least can they not
postpone their exactions till the Government can
retiieve its credit, and the people of the West be
relieved from the bmdens and impoverishment
which now so grievously distress them?
Sir, the great danger in our way in the prose-
cution of the war is the destruction, before it shall
reach a successful result, of the public credit. You
know—whodoes not, indeed, feel—that the phys-
ical power of the Government, sufficiently long
exerted, is adequate to suppress the rebellion.
If, sir, we fail, what will be written as the cause
of thatfaiiuie? A disregard of thatrigorousecon-
umy which watches every item of public expend-
iture and regards no sum as too small to be saved;
a diversion of the public revenues to foreign ends
and wild enterprises; a consequent depreciation
of our bonds and notes till they become valueless,
and the whole system of paper securities bursts
as a bubble. And yet, with these facts plain as
the sun, we are invoked to enter upon a gigantic
system of internal improvements which the peo-
ple feated to undertake in the midst of peace and
prospeiity, which must involve us in almost count-
less millions of expenditure, and, by prostrating
public credit in the dust, bring the war to an ig-
nominious close and leave the Union a wreck.
Mr. Speaker, the States of Indiana and Ohio
well understand the grave impoit of such meas-
ures, and hence, sir, with almost entire unanim-
ity, instructed their Senatois,and requested their
Representative/, to vote against this bill. Full
cheerfully do 1 comply with the request. Indiana
does not desire its passage; and let me tell you
that she will give an interpretation to it very dif-
ferent from that of its advocates upon this floor.
She will regard its passage as an indication of
distrust of your ability to reopen the Mississippi
river, and that you are therefore alone seeking to
make an artificial and circuitous channel for agri-
cultural productions of the West.
Sir, we are not prepared for this expenditure. Our
burdens are now almost greater than we can bear.
You of New England and New York have been en-
riched by this wai. You arc wealthier now than
when the war commenced; while the agricultural
and commercial interests of J ndiana have been al-
most destroyed by ii; yet we have borne the bur-
dens of the war patiently, and we have sent one
hundred and ten thousand troops to the field to
support the banners of the Union. What though
wheat does rise m New York twenty cents on the
bushel? It does not follow that with us it rises
one cent. Our natuial outlets being blockaded,
we aie at the mercy of monopolies. And, sir,
overwhelmed as we are with present burdens, 1
. tell you that our people will not bear new ones pa-
tiently. I speak it in sorrow. You will find in my
i State if this and similar bills shall pass, and we
embark the Government in a wild and profligate
system of expenditure foi objects unnecessary
i and foreign to the prosecution of the war, too tow
; less thana majority, under the influence of those
; who know so well how to excite alarm, may be-
I gin to turn their eyes jinother way. You know,
sir, that in some of the western Stated we are fvet
altogether free from internal dissension, and Ibe-
seech gentlemen who are inclined to impose enor-
mous additional burdens of this kind upo« the
people to pause ot the threshold.
1 believe that the wholesome sense of this
House, often so much better than our apprehen-
sions, will condemn this bill as a most unfit otie
at the present hour, and will abstain from running
us into any system of expenditure not directly
tending to strengthen the Government in the press-
ccution of the war. 1 believe that we will'Spare
the overburdened any unnecessary new burdeifb,
and do all in our power to strengthen and confirm
the ties that bind together the loyal States. And
if this shall be the policy no State will he more
liberal hereafter, as none has been heretofore, of
her blood and treasure, to put down armed resist-
ance to the Government than the State of Indiana.
Mr. WASHBURNE Mr. Speaker, I did not
intend to trouble the House with any remarks
upon this bill, but the debate to-day upon it lues
been of such an extraordinary character, that I -
would deem myself recreant to every duty I owe
to my constituents, and it a crime to the people
ofthe Northwest, whom I in pait represent, did
I not speak here in their behalf. Sir, the gentle-
man who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Porter,]
and the gentleman who preceded hmi, [Mr. Val-
landigham,] have spokenq/ this as an "extraor-
dinary measure." 1 can say, Mr.Speaker, that
the hostility which lias been developed in this
Hall to this great national and military project
and to the interests of the great Northwest, is
of the most extraordinary character that I have
ever witnessed during my term of service in Con-
gress. Sir, it is no less than an indication on the
part of members here of a disposition to refuse
to eight million people what those eight mil-
lions have always conceded to other narts of the
Union. We have come here and asked Congress,
as an act of common justice and common right,
to do for us what we have helped in all time to
do for other parts ofthe country, in which we
have all had a common interest.
Sir, I have been astonished at the line of argu-
ment that gentlemen have pursued. I willnotsuy
that they have intentionally misrepresented any-
thing, but I will say that, m my judgment, they
have not stated fairly in one single instance the
provisions and objects of this bill. It is, sir, in
the first place, a great military measure and mili-
tary necessity. I ask gentlemen to reflect fora
moment on the present condition ofthe northwest-
ern lakes. They are no-day without any sub-
stantial defense against hostile aggression. The
river St. Lawrence and its associated lakes extend
nearly three thousand miles, a longer distance than
that between Europe and America. The eoast
lines of these lakes are five thousand miles in
extent, a greatei distance than it is from Maine
to Florida, and with a commerce estimated at
$400,000,000, nearly twice the external commerce
ofthe country, lloated by nearly fifteen hundred
vessels. Every suggestion of statesmanship and
of pat riot ism requires that we should provide every
means in our power to protect thisgigantic public,
interest. It is as necessary to control and defend
this commerce and the people of the Northwest as
it is to defend your harbors on your sea-coast,
for which we, have appropriated untold millions.
And when we come here and ask Congress, as a
military measure, to enlarge our channels of com-
munication so that in case of need that#ast border
may be defended, how are we met by gentlemen
from Pennsylvania and from other quarters ?
Sir, we all know that, under an existing treaty,
we can keep no naval force upon the lakes; and
if a war should break out with Great Britain, as
it may do any day, every city upon those lakes
would be exposed to the attacks which England
might make upon us. Buffalo, Detroit, Cleve-
land, and the queen city of the lake*, Chicago,
and in fact all the towns and cities of the lakes,
would be left entirely exposed to a certain destruc-
tion by a hostile foe. We ask this, therefore, as
a military measure; and is it an unreasonable re-
quest? Was the speech of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means such a speech as
might have-been expected from the great leader
ofthe House? Was it a statesmanlike speech, a
broad and comprehensive discussion ofa question
of great and paramount interest, or was it only a
Wick of jibus aad leers and insulting allusions to
