,814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
T
; my section of the country, at which all laughed,
-as always all do when he says anything funny?
I always feci it a duty myself to laugh at just the
. poiutin the gentleman's speech where the k< ga-
zelle comes in." The gentleman did not seem to
consider- the interest that we in the Northwest
have in this measure, independent of its military
bearings. He would turn a deaf ear to the peo-
ple of the Northwest. He does not seem to know
what the people of my State are suffering to-day.
He does not know that the avenues of communi-
cation to a market are so blocked up that it takes
five bushels of corn to get one bushel of corn to
market, so enormously and outrageously have the
present channels taxed the transportation of our
- products. But he did understand that a great mo-
nopoly in his own State, the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral railroad, is earning £10,000,000 a year, a good
part of which it is taking from the pockets of the
agriculturists of the Northwest. Does he not
know that, besides affording our people a defen.se
-against hostile attacks, this proposed work would
add untold wealth to the country; that it will
closely unite the upper Mississippi and St. Law-
rence? The area of the former is nearly one hun-
dred thousand square miles, and having a con-
tinuous steamboat navigation of nearly eight
thousand miles.
I have been amazed to find gentlemen from Ohio
and Indiana opposing this bill, keeping out of
view the stupendous incidental advantages which
the enlargement of these canals would bring to the
greatfarmmginterestsoftheirdistricts. I will not
undertake to speak for them; but I will tell you
what, if I were to vote against this measure, I
should expect from my constituents. When I
should go among that hospitable and intelligent
people,and sitdown by theirfiresides, as I have for
so many long years, and where I have ever been
welcomed by so much cordiality and kindness,
they would say to me, •* are you the man whom
we have voted for to represent us in Congress for
twelve yeurs, and who has recently turned up in
the House of Representatives to war against all
our interests? Are you the man who voted against
the great northwestern lakes being protected by
the enlargement of the canals to admitgunboats,
and incidentally to give us fanners a better outlet
for our products, saving us fifteen or twenty cents
on every bushel of wheat we raise, which now
goes into the pockets of the great railroad monop-
olists and extortioners? Are you the represent-
ative of western interests, as well as the interests
of the whole country; the representative of the
men who earn their bread by the sweat of their
brows, who voted against the ship canal bill, and
thus said that our interests were not worthy to
be protected Sir, how could I answer such
questions to a constituent whose interests 1 had
betrayed? Every farmer in Illinois, and every
farmer in the northern part of Indiana and in
the northern part of Ohio, in fact in all the North-
west, works one month in the year for the bene-
fit of those great monopolies which come here
through theiraffilmtioris endeavoring to defeat this
great measure for the national defense and for the
general welfare. Sir, in behalf of the laboring
masses, 1 enter my protest against this opposi-
tion. 1 want todeal fairly with every portion of the
country,as 1 have ever dealt with Pennsylvania.
Have i not for the last ten years voted for every
tariff which that insatiate State has asked for, and
by which her wealth has been so largely increased ?
And I did^oin a national and liberal spirit,because
1 believed that I was promoting thereby the gen-
eral interests of the country while I promoted the
particular interests of that State.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hiok-
, man] inquired yesterday, with great affected earn-
estness, whether there was any member here in
favor of this bill. Why did he not inquire, with
the same earnestness, whether there was any mem-
ber here in favor of the fortification bill, which the
gentleman from Perms) lvania [Mr. Stevens] has
reported, and which appropriates more than seven
million dollars fur fortifications, some three hun-
dred thousand dollars of which is to be expended
in the gentleman's [Mr. Hickman's] own district?
We of the Northwest expect to vote for that bill;
and we ask members from the Atlantic States,
which have been drawing on us fiom the start,
to deal with us as they expect us to deal by them.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman from Illinois
aeems to suppose that some part of the appropri-
ations for fortifications is to he expended in my
district. That is a mistake. I am not aware that
there are any fortifications in my district, or that
any are contemplated.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is a fortification
down by the Delaware somewhere.
Mr. HICKMAN. My district is not Delaware.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It makes no particular
difference whether this fortification is in the gen-
tleman's district. It is very near to his district,
and is for the protection of his State and his con-
stituents, just as these gunboats would be for the
protection of the State of Illinois and other States
bordering on the lakes. I had expected to vote for
these fortifications, and I ask the gentleman to
come up in a spirit of common fairness and do the
same for the protection of my constituents and the
people of that part of-the country.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means says that this is all a " sham." That is
the language,in which the honorable leader of the
House characterizes this great measure, which i^
of more interest and importance to my, constitu-
ents and to the people of the Northwest than any
measure thfct has ever been before Congress. He
calls it a sham, and says that no gunboats could
get through these canals to the lakes. Sir, on that
point there js a difference of opinion between the
Honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania and other
distinguished engineers and scientific men. What
does Captain Ericsson say in a letter written by
him last Apiil on the subject ? 1 will read here his
letter, which I find in an official document of this
House.
New York, April 14, 1862.
Sip. : After full consideration of the subject of your in-
quiry, I have to state that an impregnable iron vessel two
hundred feet Ion? and twenty-five t'eet wide, conducted
| oti the general plan of the Monitor, will have sufficient
Imovauey to cany a f>hot-proof lion tuiret eairyiug a gun
ot t'i teen-nich caliber, with a ball of lour bundled and
fifty pounds, and capable of destroying any hostile vessel
that could be put on the lakes. Without coal, ammuni-
tion, and stores, such a vessel will (haw six feetbix inches,
and i.jca&ure eighteen feet in height, tiom bottom of keel
to top of turret before going into action, a certain quan-
tity of ballast, in addition to coal, ammunition, and stoies,
will be put on boaul, inoider to attain what maybe termed
tin- fighting dtaught of eight feet.
Vours, very respecUuliy, J. ERICSSON.
Sir, this is what a man says who hasfull knowl-
edge of the subject on which he speaks. And
what force can the random assertions of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania have in face of what
Captain Ericsson says?
And what is the testimony of Colonel Webster,
that distinguished engineer and soldier whom my
friend from Indiana (Mr. Holman] did not seem
to know yesterday ? I was astonished atthat, for
I thought the gentleman was somewhat familiar
with the noble and patriotic men who had gone
out from the West to fight the battles of this coun-
try. 1 thought he knew ColoneL Webster, a grad-
uate of West Point, a distinguished engineer, and
a soldier, who went into the field at the commence-
ment of the rebellion, and has since served with
distinguished gallantry on every occasion. Here
is what Colonel Webster says in his report:
{* Not only can vessel-, be built which will answer these
conditions hut a fleeto''rhematieadyextsts Acting Reai
Admual D. D. Porter, commanding Mississippi squadton.
in answer to nn inquiries on this subject^ayMhat * a canal
and locks of the dimensions contemplated wll pa>s nearly
eveiy large tight d  aught gunboat wt  have m the Navy, or
that would be built foi lake or sea service.' 'Any ve^el
drawing eight, feet can be lightened to six and a half feet,
b.v taking out her battery, coal, and stores.' He then names
fceveral boau>,of both the nverand sea going elates, which
could pass through the canal, adding,1 and some fifty t essels
of their class.y This I take it, is satisfactory on tin's point,
about which some good friend* of the ptO;ect had enter-
tained doubts."
Mr. HOLMAN. I knew there was a distin-
guished officer named Colonel Webster in the mil-
itary service of the country; but I never realized
the fact for a moment that he would be withdrawn
from the field to gosurveyingforthellhnois Canal
Con) pan y.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The report of Colonel
Webster, which is an official document of the
House, was made by him when in the field at
Jackson, Tennessee. He has made thisstatement,
atid I challege its contradiction by any man who
knows anything on the subject.
My colleage, [Mr. Kem.ooq,] reminds me of
another circumstance, in a conversation with the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy in regard to the
enlargement of the Illinois canal, he s;<id that with
a depth of water of six feet in the Illinois and
\ Michigan canal, gunboats could be brought from
I the Mississippi river up to the iakes, winch would
j be a perfect security against all attacks there, and
I which would save to the Government vast amounts
i for the building of fortifications on the lakes,
i The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
j vens] at ks with an air of triumph, why under-
| take this work now as a military work? Let him
j answer why have we undertaken othergrcat mili-
| tary works in other parts of the country? Why
j undertake your immense fortifications which can-
not be completed for years, and the building of an
immense navy, the ships of which are not wanted
for putting down the rebellion, but to enable U8
hereafter to be prepared for all comers? I have
been utterly astonished at the misrepresentations
of this measure. Gentlemen speak of this asa tax
of §50,000,000 on the Treasury of the United
States. They ought to know better titan this.
There is no such thing in (he bill that we have
before us. The biii only provides for the issuing
of the bonds, so far as the Illinois canal is con-
cerned, for $13,300,000, every cent of the amount
of which the canal will repay. What do gentle-
men mean by this extravagant talk of $50,000,000,
when there is no such thing in the bill? It pro-
vides for the transfer of the canal to the Govern-
ment. Illinois, with a liberality which I under-
take to say has never been paralleled in the his-
tory of the country, comes forward now in that
spirit of patriotism which has ever distinguished
her history, and says to the Government, 14 if
you will give us your bonds for this amount, we
will make a canal for the passage of your gun-
boats, and will repay every cent, while you shall
have the benefit of the improvement for all time."
Where is the man that can fairly object to such
a proposition as that? The earnings of our Illi-
nois canal will be sufficient to pay the interest and
make asinking fund to pay off the principal. The
Government will be no loser in the end. It in
fact only lends its credit.
Thegentleman from Indiana [Mr. Porter] un-
wittingly said what he did not mean to say in
his remarks just made. He was speaking of the
effect of the present condition of things upon the
western farmers, upon his constituents, and upon
mine; that whenever the price of wheat rises in
the New York market the freights on the rail-
roads over which it has to be brought rise to a
corresponding extent.
Mr. PORTER. I will tell the gentleman why.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I cannot yield to the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. PORTER. Just for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Well, I will give the
gentleman a minute of my time.
Mr. PORTER, i said this, that the price of
wheat and the price of corn in New York did not
now determine the price in Indiana, as in ordinary
times; that the Mississippi river, when open, is the
regulator of the prices of those products by pre-
venting a too heavy tariff of rates for transporta-
tion eastward. 1 said that I therefore wished to
see the means of the Government expended upon
the opening of that river, and not diverted to stu-
pendous schemes of internal improvement.
Mr. WASHBURNE. But does not my friend
see that the opening of this canal will bring about
the same result as the opening of the Mississippi
river ? The gentleman unwittingly said what was
true. He stated truly the astounding outrages
that are perpetrated upon the farmers of Illinois
and Indiana by these railroad monopolies; and one
of the first beneficial effects of this grea^ improve-
ment will be to break up that monopoly and giVe
our farmers cheaper freights.
! Mr. PORTER. When we have opened the
! Mississippi river that monopoly will cease; there-
| fore I want to apply all the means of the Gov-
; ernment to a speedy accomplishment of that task,
: and not be compelled to wait five years or more
I for the completion of these canals, nor to under-
| take them at all at the expense of the General
| Government.
I ^ Mr. WASHBURNE. I say to the gentleman
j that the Mississippi river must and will be opened,
i and speedily. I say that it will be opened, be-
| cause there are eighty thousand troops there from
the gentleman's State, and from my State, and
from Ohio, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota,
under the lead of the brave and unconquerable
Grant. He willi * move upon the enemy's works-"
and Vtcksburg shall sopn be ours; and while he
