1865?.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong—3d Sess. Exclusion of Newspapers from ihe Mails—Mr. PendletQn.
Ho. of Reps.
all legal means may be admitted. The duty to
prevent by all possible means is denied. Ought
" the head of ihe Depai tmentand all subordinates"
to kill the subordinate through whose agency' the
newspaper is being circulated? Ought they to
burn up his house if there were a certainty that the
newspapers would be burnt up with it? And yet
these might be very efficient as they are certainly
very possible means of preventing the distribu-
tion of such newspapers. The prevention of any
wrong, whether to the Government or to private
persons, by all legal means, is the duty of every
citizen as well as every officer. But the use of
illegal means for that purpose is notorily not with-
in the scope of his duty, but is a wrong greater
than that which he seeks to prevent, if there be
any exception, it is entirely anomalous, and es-
tablishes the truth of the general proposition. If
exclusion from the mails be a legal mode of pre-
venting the circulation of the newspapers in the
case supposed by the committee, the head of the
Department should exercise it. If it be illegal, he
should not exercise it. The illegal, unauthorized
tampering with the mails and interfering with the
free transmission of intelligence would be an in-
jury greater than the publication and circulation
of such alleged treasonable matter.
Nor is the argument made stronger by the con-
sideration adverted to by the committee that at
no time can moie than a few months elapse before
Congress would have an opportunity to correct
any unjust or erroneous action of the Postmaster
General. The frequent meetings of Congress, and
the consequent ability to exercise constant super-
vision, might afford good reason for passing a law
conferring this power, which it is admitted may
result in erroneous and unjust action, but it can
be no argument in behalf of its existence in the
absence of law. It is one of the elemental prin-
ciples of our political science that no power exists
which is not conferred; not that all power exists
if its abuse be not beyond ultimate remedy.
The committee cites the action of Mr. Amos
Kendall, Postmaster in 1835, and of Mr. James
Campbell, Postmaster in 1857, and claims that
these two cases consutu tea uniform usage for more
than twenty-five years, and that usage so long
continued would have the effect of law. If the
action of these two officers were exactly as claimed,
they must still be shown to have been exactly
right before they would have any authority. Pre-
cedents might have much persuasive force with a
Postmaster called on to act in cases of doubt; they
could have none unless absolutely right with a
committee of Congress charged to determine what
power the Constitution and laws have vested in
the Postmaster General; not what power former
Postmasters have usurped and exercised.
In 1835, the abolition societies, which had been j)
formed in some of the States, made constant use jl
of the mails for the citculation of their publica- jj
tions in States in which their circulation was tor- jl
bidden by the State laws. Various postmasters, i;
among others the postmaster at New Yoik, de-
clined to forward them in the mails. Amos Ken-
dall, then Postmaster General, addressed to him
a letter stating his views upon the general ques-
tion suggested by this action. He expressly ad-
muted that the act was in violation of the law, but
justified it on the ground that the emergency was
pressing and the danger great. Pie said:
u After matuic consideration of the subject, and seektng
the be-u advice within my reach, f am confirmed in the
opinion that the J'ostma^fei Geneial has no legal authority, |j
by any order or ovulation of* the Depai tineiit, to exclude jj
from the mails any «pecies of masazme^, newspapers or ;
pamphlets, Such a power vested in the head of this Do- j;
partmenf would be feariuiiy dangerous, and ha* therefore i;
beeu withheld 4ny o.dei oi letter oi mine directing ot jj
officially ^anetiomnu the step you have taken would, there- !!
fore, be utteily powcilesa and void, and would not m the ij
slighted degiee >e|K've jou from it< lespon-qbiittv." * !j
v * *• u The Po-tnia-tei Geneial lias? no leyal power ij
to pre-cribe any ruloa loi the jroveininent of postmaster* m
such ca-e^; nor ha  he evei attempted to do >o. They act ij
in each ca-r on then own lopou-ibihty; and if they on- jl
piopeily detain ot u>e paper?* sent to their offices for trans- '!
mission or delivery it i--at their peril, and on thou heads jl
lulls the punishment. It in time ot war a postnia^ter-hoidd j i
detect the letter of mi enemy oi n «py pa--iui( through the i!
mail, whieh. il it reached jfr, destination, would expose his j j
country to suva-ion and hoi ai mie> to deduction, ou^hthe i (
not to airest itr Yet wb"ie i> iio legal powei to do so?"* ■!
* ■* * * u As a measuie of gieat public neees- jj
8ity, therefore,\ ou and the othei postmaster^ who have as- j j
tanned the io-ponMbility of stopping these mllamm.uoiy ,i
papeis wU, J have n'"  doubt, stand .notified in that step be- '>
fore youi country and all mankind." * * * *
"I do not desire to be undei>.ton(t as affirming that the sug-
gestions here thrown <>ut ought, withontthe action of higher
authority, to he considered a* the settled construction of
the law, or regarded by postmasters as the rule of their fu-
ture action. It is only intended to pay, that in a sudden
emergency involving principles so grave and confluences
so serious, the safest cour.se for postmasters and the best
foi the country is that which you have adopted."
Mr. Kendall did^not pretend that the Constitu-
tion and the law vested any authority in him or
his deputy to exclude these papers. He expressly
denied it. He expressly denied that any such
power was given even in the case of the "letter of
an enemy or a spy passing through the mail."
Pie was not willing that the exercise of the power
should be regarded as a precedent, or be taken by
postmasters "as the rule of their future action/'
without "the sanction of higherauthonty." He
asked that this sanction should be given." General
Jackson asked it, also, in his message in Decem-
ber, 1835; but Congress refused to pass any bill
authorizing the exclusion of any newspaper or
other printed matter from the mails. And in all
the debate which occurred on the subject, not a
single person ventured to affirm that either the
Postmaster General or any of his deputies pos-
sessed any such power, or that the actof the post-
master at New York was other than wholly ille-
gal, while Mr. Grundy and Mr. Calhoun, both
anxious for the exclusion of these publications,
denounced it as unwarranted and arbitrary. Surely
no inference favorable to the existence of this
power can be drawn from this action of the Post-
master General or Congress.
In 1857 the postmaster at Yazoo City, in the
State of Mississippi, refused to deliver the Cin-
cinnati Gazette to a subscriber "on the alleged
ground that the paper contained mattercalculated
to produce disaffection, and that its circulation
was prohibited by the laws of the State." The
proprietors of the Gazette appealed to the Post-
mastcrGeneral, and demanded the removal of his
deputy. The Postmaster General referred the pa-
pers to the Attorney General, for an opinion upon
the question whet her "tin1 Postmaster General has
authority to require the deputy postmaster so to
deliver mail matter in violation of the laws of his
State." The question, it will be perceived, as-
sumes that the newspaper is within the category
of those whose circulation is forbidden, and that
by the delivery the deputy would infract theStaie
law. The argument is long. The conclusion is
brief and pointed:
11 If the party to whom the piper was directed feels ag-
grieved, and conceives that the law has been violated by
the detention ot his new?-papei, he has the power to insti-
tute proceedings (or redres-, both civil and criminal, in the
court- ot their common State orof the United States. Thus
and thus, only can it be determined whether the contents
of the newspaper detained were calculated and designed
to incite ni-urr< etion oi not, and wheihei m detaining it
the postmaster was guilty of dereliction of duty or not
and violation of the act of Connios. In the pieseut stale
of the e.ive. therefbie, theie is uoihm<_', in my opinion, foi
th'1 final action of the Department. The Po-nna^tei Gen-
eral cannot determine the ultimate quesnon of private
right between the depurj postmaster and the pai tv to whom
the newspapei wa> addicted, noi can he dcieimiue the
question of (he deputy postmaster's penal liability, whether
on the side ot the United Stales or of the State of Missis-
sippi. There is but one lawlul way to deteimiue all that,
ft* dcfcimhmtion belongs to tite courts ot law of the proper
State or Federal district."
If that be true, then the Postmaster Genetal
has no discretion to decide what may or may not
pass through the mails; has no power to exclude
or prevent the dehveiy of any mailable matter.
For if he has such power his action is conclusive,
his order is a bar to an indictmentagamst his sub-
ordinates, and a good defense to an action for
damages. At ail events, no action, civil or crim-
inal, would lie, unless it should appear that the
discretion had been exercised wantonly and with
malice.
Thus far my argument has been founded on the
considerations suggested by the report of the com-
mittee, and ou the absence of any law conferring
the power in question on the Postmaster General.
But my conclusions do not rest upon this alone.
The argument rises to a higher dignity, it in-
volves express provisions of the Constitution and
principles of constitutional hbei tv.
•'Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of
speech oi ot the ptess, "
This is the Hi sf article of the amendments of the
Constitution. The Government just established
was one of limited powers. The Constitution, in;
express terms, professed to be a grant of powera
to the new Government, not a limitation of it&
powers. No power had been expressly granted
to abridge the freedom of speech or of the press*
No danger, threatening that freedom, warned the
people to guard against its grant by implication.
Why was this amendment suggested? Why'was
it unanimously adopted by the States? The people
of that day understood the nature of the Govern-
ment which they had just established. It derived
all its just powers from the consent of the people.
It was the creature of their will—the expression
of their judgment. They might change or abolish
itat pleasure; not only by the force of revolution,
but according to the express law of its being.
They might peacefully and in order alter its frame-
work and adapt its organization to different prin*
ciples, or new principles evolved in the progress of
political science. The necessity for these changes
had been foreseen, and their easy accomplishment
had been provided for in the organic law. Ten-
ure of office had been purposely made short, in
order that the policy of the Administration might
be, at every moment, subjected to the control of
the popular will. The term of President had been
limited to four years; the term of Representatives
had been limited to two years; the term of one
third of the Senators was'to expire in each period
of two year*; the executive appointments had
been made removable at pleasure; and reelection
and reappointment indefinitely had been permit-
ted, in order to bring, by the hope of reward and
the fear of punishment, the administration of
public affairs more completely within the con-
trol of the people. Every subject was to be re-
mitted to them for ultimate decision. The in-
ternal policy of the Government, regulations of
commerce, of finance, of taxation, the external re-
lations of the Government, the necessity of war,
the policy of peace, the dutyof'the citizen in aid-
ing to carry on the one or in enforcing the other,
the suppression of rebellion, the redressing of
grievances, the acquisition of territory, the dis-
memberment of the empire, the dissolution of the
Confederation—these were the questions which
would necessarily arise in the vicissitudes of its
history,and were to be finally decided by the peo-
ple. No question was too minute for their ob-
servation, none was too large for their considera-
tion, for all were to be brought to the tesf of their
judgment. The more difficult and doubtful the
question of policy, the more intimately connected
in Us development with their well-being and hap-
piness, the more radically interwoven with the
organism and principles of the Government, the
more absolute was the right of the people to de-
termine it. That they might not determine these
mighty questions in passion, but that they might
determine them finally , and with coolness, delib-
eiation,uponconsideration,and with wisdom, was
the object of the checks and balances of the new
system. To this end extreme haste was to be
avoided, and therefore the consent of the two
Houses and of the President was required, as
well to the repeal as to the enactment of laws,
and the unseating of members by their con-
stituents, and the displacement of the Presi-
dent, except upon impeachment and trial and con-
viction, were forbidden. To this end, also, it was
necessary that the people should be educated in
political science, and should be well informed of
the.eondition of public affairs, of the effects ofdif-
ferent policies, and of the conduct and character
of public men—that their intellect should be culti-
vated and trained to the consideration of questions
of government, and their courage and patience
and virtue should be stimulated to execute boldly
and calmly and prudently the decision which their
judgments approved. Rapid communication of
intelligence, fiequent interchange of thought, the
exposure of wrongs, discussion of the true theory
of government, of the beneficence of laws, of the
conduct of men, of the value of institutions, of
the value of freedom, of the value of territory, of
the elements of the truegieatness and glory of the
nation, and of the adaptation of this form of gov-
ernment to their development in the ever-varying
condinonsof national existence—these were the
means by which their intellect wan to be thus
cultivated and their virtue thus stimulated And
no agency was so powerful to bring these means
