166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
STth Cong....3d Sbss. Exclusion of Neiospapersfrom the Hails—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. 03? Reps.
into active service as the press. To use the lan-
guage of an eminent Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
in days when to be her Senator was an honor—
" The press is the great organ of a free people. It is the
medium through which their thoughts are communicated,
through which they act upon one another, and by which
they reason with, instruct, and move each other. It rouses
us to vigilance, warns us of danger, rebukes the aspiring,-
encourages the modest, and, like the sun in the heavens,
radiates its influence over the whole country. The people
viewed it as vital to a republic."
They thought a free press essential to the ex-
istence of a free people. They thought its free
discussion of every question essential to its right-
ful determination. They were willing to tolerate
its occasional and exceptional evils in order that
they might enjoy its many and surpassing bene-
fits. But it must be a free press, free to think,
free to speak, free to circulate; no question neces-
sary to be decided was too sacred to be discussed;
no policy necessary to be acted on was too deli-
cate to be arraigned; no duty of the citizen neces-
sary to be enforced was beyond the reach of its
question, either as to its existence or its extent.
The propriety of a change of Government, the ne-
cessity of a war, the duty to volunteer, were as
much within the sphere of its legitimate observa-
tion as the policy of a treaty or the justice of a
tax law or the benefits of a banking system. If
the people be free, these questions must be de-
cided by them; if they are to be wisely decided,
they must be freely discussed; and neither trea-
son nor misdemeanor nor impropriety could be
alleged of ail appeal to the judgments and hearts
and consciences of the people m behalf of or in
opposition to any measure of any nature whatso-
ever which depended upon their will for its decis-
ion and upon their action for its execution. "With
these views the people of the States came to the
consideration of the Constitution which had been
submitted to their ratification. They saw that it
professed to be a grant, not a limitation of power;
they saw no power over the press; they saw no
attack upon it to awaken their sensitive fears; but
they saw power was given to Congress " to es-
tablish post offices and post roads;" and it requires
no stretch of imagination to believe that, with that
wonderful prescience which distinguished them
beyond all other men, they foresaw in that power
the excuse for the action of this our day, and
therefore made it a condition upon which they
consented to ratify the Constitution, tliatitshould
be so amended as to declare that, notwithstanding
any giant of power, express or implied, "Con-
gress shall make no law abridging the freedom of
speech or of the press."
And what is " freedom of the press?" Free-
dom to think, freedom to print, and freedom to
publish, which is freedom to circulate. The right
to circulate freely is an essential part of that free-
dom; and the right to circulate freely through the
mails, the regular established, legal, ordinary
channel for the communication of intelligence, is
necessary to the enjoyment of a general circula-
tion. This is too obvious for elaboration." Theob-
jectofafree press being to communicate thoughts,
its circulation is essential; the freedom to print
without it would be a mockery. To quote again
the language of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts;
" The peopleviewed it [tiee press] as vital to a republic,
and gave it the mail as an auxiliary; and you might as well
expect llie blood to flow through the system without the
heart, as to have the pre>s exert its influence m a salutary
maimer through the country without the aid of the mail "
"Where then [if the circulation he denied ] will he the liberty
of the press? Limned to the little em-lo of publication
in its own neighborhood ; for you have the power to prohibit
private mails of papers the name as you do of letter-. Will
the press, thus penned up and circumscribed, be the great
herald of public liberty, preplanning its voice through the
whole country? is tlu  what was meant by freedom of the
press? if it is, then have tile public gieutlv cried in their
estimate of the press ; and the people, iu adopting the Con-
stitution, have overrated its impoitance by insisting oil its
preservation."
A restriction on the right to circulate through
the mails is an abridgment of the freedom of the
press, and is in the same spirit and to the like
extent prohibited by the Constitution. Nor do
I perceive that this is an extreme or a dangerous
doctrine. Whatever it is lawful to publish may
certainly without danger be circulated; whatever
may with impunity be scattered broadcast by pri-
vate hand may surely with safety he carried in
the mails. Opinions whose publication is so vital
to the public weal that its r^triction is prohibited
by express constitutional provision may properly
be promulgated widely.
This question is not now considered for the first
time. If it were, I should have every confidence
in the conclusions to which this reasoning had led
me. But high authority may be brought to sus-
tain them.
In 1836, Mr. Calhoun, as chairman of a special
committee of the Senate, reporFed a bill making it
a penal offensp for any postmaster to receive into
the mails for transmission to any person within
a State, or to deliver out of the mails to any such
person, any publication the circulation of which
was forbidden by that State. Subsequently the
first clause of the bill was stricken out, and the lat -
ter, relating to the delivery of such matter, was
retained. It gave rise to much discussion, and
elicited an extremely able debate from the most
eminent members of that then very able body.
Mr, Calhoun, the zealous advocate of the bill, con-
tended that a bill of this nature was the only one
which Congress had the power to pass; that Con-
gress could not discriminate in reference to char-
acter what publications shall or shall not be trans-
mitted through the mail, without abridging the
liberty of the press, and subjecting it to the con-
trol of congressional legislation; but that no such
restriction applied to the States; they might for-
bid such publications as they thought dangerous,
and that Congress had the power, and ought to
exeicise it, of cooperating with the States in re-
pressing the circulation of publications thus pro-
hibited.
The circulation of anti-slavery documents, tend-
ing to excite servile insurrection, had become a
great evil. It had awakened feais of trouble
among the slaves, and had therefoie exasperated
the people. Most of the slaveholding States had
passed laws forbidding their circulation under
severe penalties. They were still carried through
the mails, and it began to be questioned whether
the postmasters were not relieved frotn the penal-
ties of the State law because they were acting
under the sanction of Federal law. Great anxiety
existed to relieve the apprehensions of the south-
em people. The President, General Jackson, rec-
ommended the subject most earnestly to Con-
gress. He did not pretend that there existed any
power of relief in any of the Executive Depart-
ments. Senators, almost without exception, ex-
pressed a determination to go as far as they could
to apply a remedy. But the bill was moat, stren-
uously opposed. It was said to curtail the freedom
of the press. I may be pardoned if to-day I re-
call the names of those who then maintained the
sanctity of that freedom, and for a moment ask
you to hear the words of their wisdom:
Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts, said:
" I will dismiss this part of the subject by remarking
that I will not affirm that Congress cannot, under pretense
of a power to regulate the mail, exclude papers called in-
cendiary; for, alter all, they must assign limits to their
power; but this I will declare, it cannot be done without
invading the press and abridging its freeilom, eoiitraiv to
the spirit of the Constitution and the intent of those who
made and adopted it. Nor can you do it without subven-
ing the design of the post office, by making public the con-
tenls of the mail. Sir, the mail, instead of being an insti-
tution for the benefit of the people, would in tile hands of
a paity, and devoted to that paity alone, become too strong
lor the people. The papers of the party would find dispatch,
as oithodox, Willie all othuis would' be found filled with
offensive matter, and pass midei condemnation."
His colleague, Mr. Webster, contended that—
" Congress had not the power, diawn from the character
of the papei, to decide whether it should be cairied in the
mail or not; for sueli decision would be a direct abridg-
ment of the freedom of the pre-s. lie was shocked at tile
doctiine. He looked back to the alien and sedition laws,
which were so univeisally condemned throughout the
country. What was their object? To prohibit publications
of a dangerous tendency. The country would have been
rent to atoms if the sedition law, instead of saying that pa-
pers should not be published 111 such and such a way, had
declared that the deputy postmasteis should have the power
to seal eh the mails to see if they contained any publications
calculated to bring the Government into disrepute, pro-
mote insurrection, and lead to foreign war. What is the
liberty of the press? It is the liberty of printing as well as
the liberty of publishing in all the oidinary modes of pub-
lication ; and is not the circulation of papers through the
mails an oidinaiy mode of publication?"
And ut a late stage of the discussion, after the
bill had been the subject of consideration for sev-
eral months, Henry Clay entered his emphatic
protest against it:
" When he saw that the exercise of the most extraordi-
nary and dangerous power had been assumed by the head
of the Post Office, and that it had been sustained by the
message, he tu rned Ills attention to the subject, and inquired
whether it was necessary that the General Government
should, under any circumstances, exercise such a power,
and whether it possessed it; and after much consideration
he had come to the conclusion that they could not pass any
law interfering with the subjectin any shape or form what-
soever."
The bill was lost by a majority of seven:
Messrs. Benton, Clay, Crittenden, Southard,
Wall, Leigh, Goldsborough, among others from
the slaveholding States; and Messrs. Webster,
Niles, Ewing, and Davis,.with others from the
non-slaveholdmg States voting against it. And
yet it is in reference to this discussion and this
action that the Postmaster General in his letter to
the committee says " that Congress by its inaction
seemed to concur in the right and the policy of
excluding such alleged treasonable and insur-
rectionary publications from the mails." On the
contrary, Congress expressly refused to sanction ,
the idea that it had the power; and certainly no
other department of the Government has.
I have made this argument, Mr. Speaker, what-
ever its strength may be, on the foundation of the
Constitution and the laws. They are the guide
of my action. I recognize no other. I do not for
a moment assent to the doctrine, intimated rather
than asserted in the report, that in time of war tha
Postmaster General, or any other officer of the
Federal Government, has powers which are not
conferred by the Constitution; nor to the other no
less dangerous doctrine, that war enlarges the
terms and meaning of the Constitution. Those
terms are fixed and definite and full of meaning.
They are neither enlarged nor restricted by the
condition of the country. They are as well de-
termined in times of war as in times of pence; and
at all times depend upon the fair construction of
the words of the Constitution. Nor have 1 argued
this question as if martial law, or power deiived
from military necessity, were in anywise in-
volved. They are unknown to the Constitution.
They are without foundation in its provisions.
They cannot exist where it prevails. They are
utterly inconsistent with it.
Martial law 1 Its very definition is that it over-
rides and destroys the civil law, and substitutes
the arbitrary will of the commander. The wai-
power! It has no being outside of the lines of the
Army,and ofthe military and naval service. They
are the law of force. They have no sanction except
power. They are the voice of I he bayonet and the
cannon, nottheecho ofthe popular assent. Resist-
ance is wrong only because itis feeble. Opposition
is reprehensible only because it is impotent. They
have no place in the constitution of a free Govern;
ment. They have no support in the affections of
a free people. They are as unnecessary as they
are illegal. They have no room for existence ex-j
cept where civil institutions are suspended, wherg
civil rights are denied, where arbitrary powei
takes the place oflegai discretion, where redress
is at the will of the same person who committed
the offense, where free Government is destroyed,
and the rights, duties, interests of all men are sub-;
jected to the will of one man. Their very life anij
being consists in destroying every vestige of conl
stitutional liberty and popular rights.
What martial law may do, it behooves me not
now to inquire. It may do all that the military
commander requires, all that he has the power to
accomplish. -It may suppress newspapers; it may
exclude them from the mails; it may deny free-
dom of speech; it may arrest without warrant; il
may hold without trial; it may punish without
conviction; it may do all theSe things if it havd
the power to execute them.
^ Martial law 1 The war power! Military neces-
sity ! As those terms are used to-day they have
no lawful existence among us. They abrogate
and destroy the Constitution. They violate the
whole of it in letter and spirit in order that they
may compel obedience to part. They are the
devices of fanaticism—the flimsy pretexts under
which power conceals its aggressions—the spe-
cious names under which cowardice seeks to skulk
from observation while it gratifies its malignant
rage. They are the inventions of despotic powei,
distorted from their original purpose by a party
distressed and baffled by the humiliations of a war
which it had not the virtue to prevent and has not
the ability to manage; the insufficient cloak witJi
