1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£19
Children," for the purpose of supporting such
colored women and children as may propeily
come under the charge of the association, to pro-
vide for them a suitable home, board, clothing;, and
instruction, and to bring them under Christian in*
fluence; and by that name they are to have per-
petual succession, with power to use a common
seal, to sue and be sued, to plead and be implead-
ed, in any court of the United States; to collect
subscriptions, make by-laws, rules, and regula-
tions needful for the government of the corpora-
tion, not inconsistent with the laws of the United
States; to have, hold, and receive real and per-
sonal estate by purchase, gift, or devise; to use,
sell, or convey the same for the purposesand ben-
efit of the corporation, and to choose such officers
and teachers as may be deemed necessary, pre-
scribe their duties, and fix the rate of their com-
pensation.
The officers of the association are to consist of
a president, vice president, secretary, treasurer,
and a board of managers to be composed of nine
members, the whole to constitute an executive
committee, whose duty it shall be to carry into
effect the plans and purposes for which the asso-
ciation was formed, all of which officers are to be
elected on the 15th of March next, and hold their
offices till the second Tuesday of January, 18C4,
on which day, and annually on the second Tues-
day of January in each succeeding year, at the
annual meeting of the association, which is to be
held on thatday, their successors are to be elected
and hold their offices for the term of one year, and
until their successors shall be duly elected. In
ease of a vacancy it is to be filled by the other
members of the executive committee.
The society are to receive into a house or build-
ing to be provided by it any child or children at
the requeM of the parents or guardians, or next
friend, or the mother, if the father bo dead, or has
abandoned his family, or does not provide for their
support, or is an habitual drunkard, such parents,
guardians, or next friend, or mother, making
a written surrender of such child or children.
The superintendent or other officer in immediate
charge, with the concurrence of the executive
committee, or of a board of trustees to be ap-
pointed by the committee, and to consist of three
persons, citizens of Washington city, is to govern
the inmates, preserve order, enforce discipline,
impart instruction in useful knowledge and some
regular course of labor, and establ ish rules for the
preservation of health,and for their proper phys-
ical, intellectual, and moial improvement. The
trustees, with the consent of the executive com-
mittee, may bind out by indenture such children
as may be deemed capable of learning trades or
of becoming useful in other occupations to such
persons as will give them the benefit of good-ex-
amples, wholesome instruction, and other means
of improvement m virtue and knowledge, and the
oppoitunity of becoming intelligent, moral, and
useful members of society.
The commissary of subsistence in charge of
subsistence stores in Washington city is to be au-
thorized and required to issue to each person one
Army ration per day, to be continued for one year
from the time when such person becomes an in-
mate of the institution. And it will be lawful for
the association, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Secretary of War, to occupy for the
objects of the association any lands, not exceed-
ing one hundied acres, and the improvements
thereon, which the Government may now own or
may heieafter acquire, contiguous to the city of
Washington, by confiscation or purchase, such
occupation to continue for such a number ot years
as the Secretary of War may, in writing, pre-
aeiibe.
The amendment of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia was to strike out the following
clause:
That the commWsarv of subsistence In chargs of sub-
M«tcnee stores in Washington city is hereby authorized
and tequtred to to each poison one Aimy nation per
dav, to be continued lor one year ti om the tune when mjcIi
pf-Kon becomes an inmate of the institution herein pio-
vuled for.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in.
Mr. RICHARDSON". I desire to inquire from
the Senator fiom Iowa if he intends to urge that
portion of the bill which makes it necessary on
the part of the quartermaster's or commissary Js
department to furnish rations.
Mr. MORRILL. That is stricken out.
Mr. POWELL. There is another clause in
the bill which gives these parties public lands.
Is that stricken out, or is it in the same section ?
Mr. GRIMES. J move to insert the word
"destitute" before the word "colored" where
ever it occurs in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In answer to the inquiry of
the Senator from Kentucky, I would state that
the clause to which he alludes is not stricken out;
it merely gives to the Secretary of War the power
to allow this corporation the privilege of using
temporarily ground that is now in the use of the
War Department or under their control, belong,
ing to the Government, that is unnecessary for
military purposes. We are now furnishing the
same thing; for the use of these people in another
way. This is only designed to allow a body of
persons to take charge of some of the aged wo-
men and younger children in order to ameliorate
their condition.
Mr. POWELL. I am opposed to the bill,
and I do not think that Congress ought to pass
any such bill. It is a part of the fruits of the
emancipation policy which the Administration
has been pursuing. I think it is wrong in every
respect. I do not think we should give these
people the use of the public grounds. I shall
content myself by calling for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GRIMES, Let it go to its passage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move to strike out
that portion of the bill which gives power to the
Secretary of War to give land. I do not know
that I shall have any objection to the bill i-f that
is stricken out. I am opposed to investing the
Secretary of War with a power to give the public
grounds on any pretext to any association what-
ever.
Mr. GRIMES. Not power to give, hut to
occupy.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is the power to oc-
cupy, to use it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The words proposed to be stiickcn out will be
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And it shall he lawful for said association, hy and with
the adviee and consent of the Spcretarv of War, to occupy
for the objects of said association any lands not exceeding
one hundred acies, and the impioveiuents theieon, which
the Government may now own oi may hereafter aequue,
contiguous to the city of Washington, hy confiscation oi
puichase, f-uch occupation to continue tor such a numbet
of years as. the Seuetary of Wai mil}, in writing, pto-cuhc
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for the yen-sand
nays on my motion to strike out those words.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Mo&isrx. Cariile, Davis Harding. Iliel<<, Ken-
nedy, Latham, Powell, ttice, KichauUon, Saul-lnny, Wil-
Jey, and Wilson of Missouri—12.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler,Claik, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle, Fe&^enden, Foot, Foster,
Grime*, Harlan. Harris, Uender.-on, Howard, Howe, King,
Lane ot Indiana, Morrill, pomcioy .Sheimmi, Sitium r,
Ten EycU, Wilkinson, and Wilmot—2G.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was coneuired in. The bill
was otdered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. On the passage of the bill 1
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 9; as follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Anthony, Ai nold. Chandler, Clai k, Col-
lator. Dixon, Doohttle, Fe^emh'n. Foot. Foster, Grimes,
llailan, llaru->, Ilcndei&on, Hick--. Ilow.ud, King, L.uie of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Monill, Potneioy, Sherman,
Sumner, Ton Fyck, Wilkinson. Wiliev, and Wilmot—27.
XAYS—Messrs. Davis, ILudiuu, Kennedv, Latham,
Powell, Rice, S.mUbury, Tuipie, and Wilson of .Missouri
—9.
So the bill was passed; and the title was amended
so as to read: "A bill for the relief of destitute col-
ored women and children."
APPOINTMENT OK MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 452, to regulate the mode of appointment
of midshipmen to the Naval Academy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust no bill will be taken
up except the District bills. The understanding
was that the District bills were to be disposed of,
and that then W£ should take-up the J>aok bill,* I
hope no other bills will be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senatof
is aware that it is not the province of the Chair
to overrule the motion as out of order ob that
ground. The question is <*n the motion, of the
Senator from Kentucky to postpone all prior
orders with a view to proceed to the consideration
of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will appeal to the Senator
from Kentucky to allow me to call up a bill which
finishes all there is left of business on the part of
the District of Columbia. It will take but a very
few moments.
Mr. DAVIS. This bill will not take five min-
utes, and then I will stand by my friend from
Maine in his desire to take up his bill.
Mr. MORRILL. There seemed to be a sort
of understanding that the business of the District
of Columbia should be disposed of first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky
to take up the bill indicated by him.
Air. DAVIS. It will not give rise to any de-
ba to.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes seven, noes not counted.
ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 468)
to extend the charter of the Alexandria and
Washington Railroad Company, and for other
purposes.
Mr. COLLA.MER. I really wish the gentle-
man would have the goodness to grant me a few
moments for the purpose of taking up a bill in
regard to the Post Office, I believe I have not
asked for five minutes this session, in the consid-
eration of the business for the whole Post Office
Department.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill will not take five
minutes, it is very short.
Mr. COLLAMEIL If every gentleman desires
to have every other bill taken up t shall not have
this attended to at all. If, has to go to the House
yLThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine insists on his motion; and the ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 468) to extend the char-
tor of the Alexandria and Washington Railroad
Company, and for other purposes, it proposes
to extend the chai ter of the Alexandria and Wash-
ington Railroad Company from the south end of
the Potomac budge, as it is now constructed,
along Maryland avenue to the Capitol grounds,
and across Pennsylvania avenue along First street
to Indiana avenue, and thence to the Baltimore
and Ohio depot; and all the ordinary rights, priv-
ileges, and liabilities incident to bodies corporate
and politic are created and conferred upon the
company; but the location of the road as thus ex-
tended is to be subject to sueh change as the future
alterations or extension of the Capitol grounds or
of the streets and avenues may leqtiue. The com-
pany are empowered to make an additional struc-
ture or pass.ige wayalon^ either Ride or over the
PotomacJji idge,as m the opinion of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buddings may lender it safe for
public use, ami so as not to hinder the general use
of the bridge for ordinary ti\wel, winch is to be
ascertain* il by one or more ex pel ienced civil en-
gineers, who at e to ropm t by proper surveys and
estimates to the Secretai y of the Interior for his
approval; the whole cost of which surveys and
construction of such additional budge for these
put poses to be paid by the company. The com-
pany are to construct such draws as sha'l corre-
spond with those now in use on the bridge, and
alloul equal facilities for navigation on the Poto-
mac. The company are to keep that portion of
the avenues or streets occupied hy their road in
good repair, and provided with suitable cross-
ways at the proper places for vehicles and wheeled
carriages,and forgeneial use. The company may
aequiie and hold such real and peisonal estate as
the practical use and working of the road may
require, under such regulations and subject to
such taxation as is imposed by law on similar
property located in the city of Washington.
