1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37™ Cong....3d Sess.
Ship Canal—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
which it seeks to cover, as it were with the mantle
of constitutionality, the efforts of despairing and
impotent wrath. Powers thus usurped will have
butabriefand piofitless day. They depend upon
force. It is lawful to resist them by force. It
may become wisdom and patriotism to resist them
by superior force. After much long-suffering,
" resistance to tyrants is obedience to God."
The committee ventures the opinion that " the
present unhappy condition of the country has
been and now is being prolonged by divisions and
dissensions in the northern States." That is not
the subject of inquiry, nor yet within the line of
this argument. But grant that it is true: who
caused the divisions? Who created the dissen-
sions? Who have had unlimited power? Who
have wasted the strength and wealth andaffections
of a whole people, which were lavished upon them
without stint? Who have repelled and dissipated
the zeal and ardor which animated a whole people
in the cause intrusted to their care? Who have per-
verted the war from the objects and purposes
avowed so constantly in the beginning? Who
have adopted a policy in its prosecution so often
and so indignantly repudiated at the first? Who
have made shipwreck of personal liberty, free
speech, free press, trial by jury, a perfect Union,
domestic tranquillity, the general welfare ? When
the history of these sad limes shall be truly writ-
ten, and the impartial judge, agreeing with the
committee that "the unhappy condition of the
country has been prolonged by dissensions in the
North," shall make inquiry of the cause, he will
find that the men who are in public place to-day
had not the virtue to be the faithful servants of a
free people, nor yet the power to be their masters.
SHIP CANAL.
SPEECH OF HON. M. DAVIS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1863,
On the Illinois canal and the light of the West to an unre-
stricted passage to maiket.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chairman, wo are asked to
extend aid to the amount of $20,596,824, to en large
and improve certain canals connecting the waters of
the East and the rivers of the West with the great
lakes of the North. This is urged as a military
necessity, but the arguments advanced by its ad-
vocates have failed to satisfy me on this point, for
I have felt if we are about to enter into competi-
tion with Great Britain for naval supremacy on
the lakes, the most economical and direct method
is to give that Power the six mouths' notice le-
quircd in our treaty stipulations, ofour determina-
tion to annul tins portion of the treaty of Ghent,
which limited thenumberandpowerof the armed
vessels that either party might keep on these in-
land seas.
It seems to me a clumsy contrivance, to avoid
our plain duty under the treaty, thus to build a
fleet expressly intended for offensive arid defens-
ive warfare on these closed wateis, and then ex-
tend the lakes to our ambushed fleet by means of
artificial channels. I cannot for a moment beiieve
that the practical common sense of England will
be satisfied to build and store a fleet of gunboats
three thousand miles distant from waters to be en-
tered only through canals which American enter-
prise would control in time of danger; while I
think I may say for my countrymen that they ;
do not for a moment intend that their domination j
on the lakes is to depend upon a fleet of nonde- i
script craft, hidden in the distant Hudson or Mis-
sissippi, to be floated through some covert way
to play hide-and-seek in these great waters with
an enemy who is amusing himself by devastating
the rich cities on their shores.
We arc not inclined to give such notice, as, in
the present mood of both nations, such action
would be but preliminary to more hostile meas-
ures. However England may conduct herself to-
wards us, let us not by indirection in this matter
do aught that she may complain of. We are
strong enough, let us be great enough to fulfill to
the letter our treaty stipulations, trusting to our
capacity to ward the oft-threatened gunboat inva-
sion of the lakes by cutting the Beauharnois canal
or destroying the Welland, should either become
necessary.
Without pretending to be learned in the mili-
tary schools or experienced in defensive strategy,
I will venture the opinion that the best possible"
defense of the lake frontier is to strangle this re-
bellion, and allow a half million victorious vet-
erans to return to their frontier homes to study
the topography of the St. Lawrence, and the rel-
ative cost of a defensive war along three thousand
miles of coast, or a speedy ending'of present and
prospective danger by instant occupation of the
Canadas. The solution of this question is for
them. 44 Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
Leaving war and warlike subjects to those who
seek
The bubble reputation
Even in the cannon's mouth,"
I shall turn with pleasure to the contemplation of
this great enterprise in an industrial and econom-
ical point of view.
Attaching slight value to the plea of military
necessity, I am inclined to regard this work with
favor as a relief to the growing necessities of the
West, and as a beneficent exercise of power in the
General Government for the benefitof those distant
communities and States which are to be banded
together by mutual, growing interests. Nor is
this a new and unheard-of exercise of power: in
the introduction of new seeds, plants, and fruits
in the interest of horticulture and agriculture; in
the expedition for sugar-cane cuttings and tea
plants to promote the planting interest; in bu-
reaus for the collection and distribution of facts in
science and art for the benefit of all; and in costly
expeditions to the Amazon, Japan, and the utter-
most parts of the earth to discover or open new
avenues of commerce. The canal has beenintro-
duceil at great cost to facilitate intercourse across
the interior deserts of our country. Land has been
granted with royal munificence for the building
of railroads, canals, colleges, and public schools.
Ali this is well, for it is a good Government fos-
tering infant enterprises, which are of national
importance from the universality of the benefits
accruing theicfrom. The gist of the present en-
terprise is to open an enlarged avenue to the mar-
kets of the world for the products of the fertile
West.
Mr. Chairman, corn in Illinois should be worth
more than ten cents a bushel, or corn in New York
should not cost eighty cents a bushel. Ten cents
to the producer is not the just share for his labor
and his land, while eighty cents is not more than
the consumer should pay. As the world goes, In-
dian com has eighty cents value as food for man
and beast. The difference between ten and eighty
cents is the measure of the obstruction to be over-
come by the bushel of corn before it reaches the
consumer. This seventy cents a bushel measures
the distance to market; it is the cost of transpor-
tation. In reply to an inquiry relative to the aver-
age price of corn in Illinois, the honorable gentle-
man [Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois] replied, " insure
me twenty-five cents a bushel for ten years, and I
will be the richest man in the State;" while Croesus
would be impoverished to supply the consump-
tion of New York alone at seventy-five cents per
bushel. This difference between Illinoisand New
York prices, or a half dollar a bushel, is the prize
you aim at. You know that the first cost, the
heaviest tax, paid by land and labor, is that of
transportation. But do you know that " this cost
increases in geometrical proportion as the distance
increases arithmetically?" Carey says that "corn
which would be worth $24 75ata market, is worth
nothing atune hundred and sixty miles from that
market when the communication is by ordinary
wagon road. By railroad the cost of transpor-
tation is about $3 40, leaving to the farmer $21 35
as the amount of tax of transportation saved on
this product by the making of the railroad." The
importance of the near market is most appreci-
ated by those who have enjoyed it; and the intel-
ligent cultivator of the soil knows he can better
afford to pay rent on a value of $1,000 per acre
in the vicinity of London, or $250 near Philadel-
phia, than the interest on ten dollars per acre in
the interior of Iowa, Illinois, or Wisconsin.
Now, while I am unwilling to aid in the con-
struction of these canals as a military measure, I
am entirely willing to extend the strong hand of
the Government to assist in removing sorae of
the obstructions which lie between the producers
of Illinois and the whole great West and the con-
sumers of New York and the whole great East*
In the "good time coming," when peace shall
bless theland,and "every man shall sit under
his vine," and with a half million trained veterans
under our " fig-tree," " there shall be none to make
us afraid," then, I am sure, Pennsylvania Will
unite with the foremost of her sisters, " way-
ward" or otherwise, to extend aid and comfort to
the suffering Illinois, rich overmuch, dying of
plethora of production, starving of much food.
As a commercial necessity I shall advocate the
measure. As an additional tie and bond of union
it is worthy the favorable consideration of this
House. Yet my western friends must admit with
me that the measure under consideration is but
temporizing with the difficulty, is but a palliative
of the suffering. For such is the growth of pro-
duction, such the increasing want of a market for
your crops, that in a few years you will over-
crowd the enlarged canals. Your superabund-
ance will again be your poverty, as excessive
freights will eat up your substance, and lead some
future Representative from the Terre Haute dis-
trict to exclaim, with the honorable gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] "my State is
held tributary to the railroads; my people are
impoverished by grasping transportation com-
panies."
When this bill was last under consideration the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] asked,
" do not the scales of freights on your canals and
railroads advance in ptoportion as the prices on
our products advance in New York, leaving ua
nothing?" Had I answered the honorable gen-
tleman, it would have been to show him that the
same excess of production in the West which
may glut the markets of the East and reduce
prices there will also gorge the avenues of trade,
ovetload your cars and boats, surcharge your
storehouses; rents will rise, freights cost advance,
and all charges of transportation increase on the
crop which is being forced on a falling market;
and the Scripture will be fulfilled, from him that
hath little it shall be taken and given to him that
hath much. But he was answered at the time
by the honorable gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Olik,] "yes, sir, we do advance freights
as you suggest. Thus we have regulated your
prices, and shall continue to do so until there
is unrestricted passage for all your products to
market."
I agree with the gentleman from New York that
such is the disease, and shall now proceed to in-
quire by what means the West may obtain an
unrestricted passage to market for all her prod-
ucts; not alone the simple bill of fare you now
present, but all the varied products possible to
the fertility of the garden of the world. Masters
in political economy teach us that " the earth, the
source of wealth, and association of man with his
fellow-man is the only key to it." 44 Trade and
manufactures are useful so far, and so far only,
as they contribute to the advancement of agricul-
ture, to the development of the treasures of the
earth, and to the promotion of direct commerce."
" The earth produces, man fashions and ex-
changes, his power over matter being confined to
change of form and place." All of political econ-
omy hinges upon these facts, and they indicate
the position which the enlightened cultivator of
the soil should occupy; he stands at the fountain
head of supply, should be influential in directing
the stream, and share bountifully in the fruits of
his labor, and not be consumed by the trader, the
ruler, and the soldier; and this he can only secure
by that association which grows out of diversity
of employment, and which produces many com-
peting consumers for his products, or, m the wise
words of Jefferson, " by placing the manufacturer
by the side of the agriculturist."
Will gentlemen meet this by the charge that "the
manufacturer isagrandized by the oppression of
all other classes." Let us examine this question,
and in the every day experiences of your western
life seek for illustration of the wisdom of Jeffer-
son's advice; and see whether the unrestricted
passage "for all your products to a profitable
market" is not to be found in following his teach-
ing. In order to do this let, us avoid the fog and
