1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
So that the clause will read:
And it shall bo the duty of such association to cause paid
certificate to be published in some newspaper, published
in the city or county where such association is located, for
at least sixty days next after the issuing thereof: Provided,
That if no newspaper is published in sucii city or county,
such certificate shall be published as tile Comptroller of tile
Currency shall dircct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section eleven, line ten, to strike out the word
" law," and insert the words " the laws of the
United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section twelve, line four, before the words "ar-
ticles of association," to insert the words "by-
laws or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seventeen,
line three, to strike out the word " two," and
insert "three;" after the word "hundred," at
the end of line three, to insert the words " and
fifty;" in line five, after the word " States," to
insert the words "in the District of Columbia
and in the Territories;" in line seven to strike
out the words " remaining sum," and insert the
word " remainder;" in line nine, after the word
" States," to insert the words " in the District of
Columbia and in the Territories;" and in line
eleven, after the word "States," to insert the
words " District and Territories;" so that the
section will read:
Sec. 17. -And be il further enacted, That the entire
amount of circulating notes to be issued under tills act shall
not exceed $300,000,000; $150,000,000 of which sum shall
be apportioned to associations in the States, in the District
of Columbia, and in the Territories, according to repre-
sentative population, and the remainder shall be appor-
tioned by the Secretary of the Treasury among associations
formed in the several States, in the District of Columbia,
and in the Territories, having due regard to the existing
banking capital, resources, and business of such States,
District, and Territories.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the attention
of the Senator from Ohio one minute, here is
an important change which is proposed, from
$300,000,000 to $300,000,000; that is, in the
amount of circulating notes to be issued under this
act. I should like to ask the Senator from Ohio
who has the bill in charge, and who I know has
given greatattention to it, whether the reason for
the change from $200,000,000 to $300,000,000
would not justify a still larger increase, so as to
make it $350,000,000 or even $400,000,000?
Mr. SHERMAN. The sum already inserted
is considerably larger than the present banking
capital of the United States, and would cover not
only all the present banking capital, but s"uch other
banks as the increased business of the country
might demand. It was important to fix some limit,
and on consultation with the Secretary of the
Treasury, we thought §300,000,000 waa ample.
As the bill was originally introduced, itfixed jtat
$200,000,000, and we extended it to $300,000,000
at the suggestion of the Secretary. I think the
amount is ample to cover all requirements.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in page 13, in line six
of section eighteen, to strike out the word " be,"
and insert " have;" so as to read, " and to have
printed therefrom."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This verbal amend-
ment will be regarded as adopted, if there be no
objection. The Chair hears none. The words
" banks and," in the tenth line of the eighteenth
section, will be stricken out, if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none. j
The Secretary read thenextamendmentin page j
14, section nineteen, line eleven, after the word \
11 same" to insert: j
Ptich association, organised under this act, shall semi- |
annuallv, on the 1st days of January and July after its or- i
ganization, pay totheComptiolierofthe Currency,m law- 1
tul money of the United States, one per cent, on the amount
of circulating notes received by such association, and in
default thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same section,
after the word "elsewhere," in line twenty-eight,
to strike out the words:
Specifying the amount of the several denominations; and
shall pay to the Comptroller of the Currency, semi-annually
and at the time of making each return, in lawful money of
the United States, one per cent, upon the gross amount of
notes issued, according to such return.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendmcnt was in linetwo,of section
twenty-one, to strike out the words " bank or
banking."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. Before the twentieth section
is passed, I desire to offer an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
first go through with the committee's amend-
ments. They are first in order.
Mr. POWELL. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On page 16, in sec-
tion twenty-one, the words " bank or" will be re-
garded es stricken out in line ten, and the same
words in line sixteen, and the same words in line
twenty-four. The same words on page 17, line
twelve of section twenty-three, will be regarded
as stricken out, if there be no objection.
The next amendment was on page 21, line five
of section twenty-six, to strike out the word
" shall," and insert the word " may."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as agreed to, if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none.
The next amendment was in line eleven of the
same section, after the word " from," to insert
" net profits in."
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is a mistake
there. I think the words " net profits in" are
clearly wrong.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a mistake of the
printer. The words should be, " such protests
or;" so as to read, "and if from such protests,
or the reports so made, the Comptroller shall be
satisfied," (fee.
Mr. SUMNER. That makes sense. As it is
now, it is not sense.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those words will
be inserted in place of the words printed; and if
there be no objection the amendment will be re-
garded as agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine of section
twenty-seven, on page 23, to insert the words
" thirty days" before the word " notice," and to
strike out the words:
And also advertising the time and place of sale, with
a pertinent description of the bonds to be oftered for sale,
in two or more new-papers published in the city of New
York, foi not less than ten days next preceding the day of
sale.
So as to make the section read:
Sec. 27 And be it further enacted, That whenever the
Comptioller shall become satisfied, as in the Inst preceding
section specified, that any sucli association lias refused to
pay its circulating notes as therein mentioned, tie may, in-
stead or canceling the United States bonds pledged bystich
association, as provided in the next preceding section, cause
so much of them as may be necessary to redeem the out-
standing circulating notes of such association to be sold
at public auction, in the city of New York, after giving
thirty days' notice of such sale to such association.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 23, in lines
seven and eight of section twenty-eight, to strike
out the words "than the par, nor less;" so as
to make the clause read:
Provided, That no such bonds shall be sold by private
sale for less than the market value thereof at the time of
sale.
Mr. SUMNER. I have my doubts about that
amendment. In another part of the bill the Sec-
retary is authorized to sell the bonds at auction,
according to the market value; but it is here pro-
posed by this amendment to allow him to sell
them according to the market value by private
sale. The section, as it now stands, is " that no
such bonds shall be sold by private sale for less
than the par, nor less than the market value
thereof at the time of sale;" that is,he cannotput
them into the market at private sale for less than
par. Now, I believe that if this is done under the
supervision of a public auction, they maybe sold
for their market value; but I have my doubts
whether they should be allowed to be sold at pri-
vate sale for less than par. The original text of
the bill, the Senate will observe, required that the
sale should not be " for less than the par, nor less
than the market value thereof atthe time of sale."
I am inclined to think that the bill had better
stand as it was orieinally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state the reason why
it is proposed to strike out the words. If a bank
fails to pay its "notes on demand they must be
presented here at the Treasury. If the amount
is small, but a few thousand dollars, it may be
important to allow the Secretary of the Treasury
to have the power to sell the bonds promptly at
their market value without public advertisement,
and pay the small amount; but 1 am not particular
about it. If the Senator thinks that the bonds
should never be sold at less.than par, withou t pub-
lic sale and a notice of thirty days, I am sativfie4«
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think so in this ease. 1
agree with the Senator that it is important -that
the bonds should be sold for what they will bring
at public sale, under the sanctions of public sate,
under the public eye; but I have my doubts
whether we had better begin now by allowing
such sale in private. I think we had better pat
that safeguard, that the sale in private should be
at least at par. At least let us begin in that way.
Mr. COWAN. I am very clearly of opinion
that these bonds should not be allowed to pe ne-
gotiated at less than par. Surely nobody in the
common, ordinary transactions of life would
exchange bonds bearing interest, a specialty, a
higher security, for notes of the same party, pay-
able on demand, and not bearing interest. This
is not, if you please, Mr. President, a sale; this
is an exchange, an exchange of securities, and I
think that the Government should never be al-
lowed to exchange its bonds for its own paper
money at less than par.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator does not un-
derstand the precise connection. This section does
not authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
sell United States bonds at auction at less than
par; but it authorizes him, in order to redeem the
notes of a bank, to sell the bonds deposited by the
bank,theirproperty. Theonly question is whether
the Secretary shall be authorized to sell the prop-
erty of n private individual or association depos-
ited as security for the payment of his notes, for
less than par", without advertisement for thirty
days. I think that, to a limited extent, he ought
to have that power. Tn the case I put, where a
bank fails to pay $5,000 of its notes, it would be
very hard to put oft'the noteholders for thirty days
until the bonds could be sold at public auction
after going through all the requirements of the
previous section, when the Secretary mightgo at
once into the market, and by the sale of the bonds
deposited, redeem the notes. However, I am not
strenuous about it. If Senators think this amend-
ment ought not to be agreed to I shall not insist
upon it.
Mr. COWAN. If these bonds come into mar-
ket and may be sold at less than par, it will be
utterly impossible for us to keep up to par those
which we issue and sell ourselves.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line twelve of sec-
tion twenty-eight, on page 23, after the word " in"
to strike out " section twenty-two of;" so as to
read, " prescribed in this act."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as adopted if there be no objec-
tion. The words " section twenty-six of," in line
two of section twenty-nine, will be regarded an
stricken out if there be no objection.
The next amendment was on page 24, line eigh-
teen of section twenty-nine, after the word " ad-
vertisement" to strike out the words " in one or
more newspapers published in the city in which
such association is located, if the same be in a
city, and if not, then in one or more newspapers
published in the county where the same is loca-
ted," and to insert "such newspapers as he may
direct."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Excuse me one moment; there
is a word wanting there;the word " in" is wanted
before "such"—" in such newspapers."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The word "in"
will be inserted if there be no objection. Th®
Chair hears none.
The next amendment was in line twenty-five
of the same section, after the word "and "to strike
out " after the end of one year from the first pub-
lication of such notice," and insert "from time
to time."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as adopted, if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none.
The next amendment was, after the word " de-
ficiency," in line twenty-eight of section twenty-
nine, to insert the words " in redeeming the notea
of such association." ■
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
