1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GKLOGB®.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Ship Canal—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
the decision of the question whether "British
free trade" or "protection to American indus-
try" isto become thenational policy,that I would
atfd my quota of thought, and endeavor to prove
its error.
Perhaps the most conclusive argument against
this opinion, and the most familiar illustration of
the benefits accruing to a nation from a judicious
but thorough piotecuon to feeble enterprise,is to
be found in the history of our patent taws. By
these wise and beneficent laws, the inventor is se-
cured in the monopoly of the making of his in-
vention fur the period of fourteen years, the same
to be ex tended a further period of seven years when
it can be shown that the inventor has faded in ob-
taining adequate reward for the time, labor, and
means expended in the developmentof his inven-
tion.
The natural ingenuity of our people, thus stim-
ulated by a secure reward, has furnished us with
improved processes and labor-saving machinery,
which has conferred upon us an increased capacity
of production, and <x command over ihe material
world which it were difficult to estimate. The
revenue England has wrung from the conquered
millions of Asia becomes insignificant when com-
pared with the annual savings thus effected in the
every-day pursuits of our people.
In the few years of protection accorded him,
the American inventor becomes a power in the
land. Commissioners from crowned hetids sed-
ulously watch and report upon the private enter-
prises of our citizens; embassadors from abroad
wait in the ante-chamber of the workshop to hold
audience with the sovereign who has conquered
for himself a kingdom, and a dominion from the
illimitable field of nature.
England, at once the most ingenious, proud, and
warlike of the nations, has her commissioner in
the workshops of Springfield, or holds treaty
with Colt; and the arms with which she is to de-
fend the throne and firesides at home, or wreak
her vengeance abroad, are made after American
patterns, by American maohinei y, directed by an
American head.
The Sphinx of France, whose perjuries were
only blotted from memory by the wasted blood
of his countrymen, knowing that his uncertain
tenure of power mny be decided by an advance
in the price of the three cent loaf of bread in
Paris, has his embassador here, whom we saw
awaiting the movements of Berdan and Selh-rs,
the inventor and perfector of the automatic oven.
The Czar of Russia transfers the machinery
and methods of an American woikshop to the
banks of the distant Amonr, whereby to modwl
her great marine machine shops.
The American locomotive is the one of our
embassadors that has never misrepresented our
people.
In the few years of protection granted the in-
ventor, we find him generally profuse in his out-
lay to perfect his manufactory; palatial workshops
grow in our midst, replete with machinery, per-
fected ni every requirement that the most exact-
ing mechanical taste can suggest, populated by
skilled workmen, educated to the particular end
to supply some of the community at a price which
will defy competition; this being the end and aim
of the patent laws.
It is not necessary to the argument that the
whole success of our patent policy be detailed,
however grateful might be the task. It is sufficient
to the present purpose that the wisdom of the sys-
tem meets universal recognition.
With the evidence befoie us of the necessity of
protection to the inventor, and of the good result-
ing to the community therefrom, may we not claim
like protection, thorough and complete, to the in-
troducer of new arts and occupations, or of use-
ful inventions,with a rational promise of like good
results ?
By the patent law, the individual is protected;
but we ask protection to the act of introduction,
leaving the act oroccupatinn open to the free com-
petition of all who may find it their profit to enter
therein.
The position of iinventor and that of the in-
troducer of a new processor maehineare remark-
ably aiike so far as the difficulties to be overcome
are concerned. In either case, capital must be
diverted into new channels, manufactories and
special machinery must be erected, labor is to be
educated, and the product introduced to public
notice. These require time, much time, and will
only be undertaken by business men when they
are assured that the fruits of their enterprise shall
not be wrested from theiji by the desperate com-
petition of alarmed foreign interests, which are
always ready, in act as well as avowal, to stran-
gle the infant Hercules in the cradle.
You have noticed, doubtless, Mr. Chairman,
that the u wise Providence which causes naviga-
ble rivers to flow in the vicinity of large cities,"
has in like manner placed " cross-roads and a
wheelwright in close neighborhood to the dusky
smith-shops which are scattered through our rural
distiicts.'> These two trades, by their practical
good sense, have solved the problem which polit-
ical economists have long disagreed upon, uncon-
scious of that "antagonism of interests" which
has become an axiom with our English teachers,
and, obedient to the promptings of an enlight-
ened self-i nterest, they so place the forge and work-
bench that they can interchange ideas, services,
and material, with the least loss of time and With-
out the intervention of third parties as carriers or
traders, thus to establish and maintain a true com-
merce. The smith finds a market at his door for
the productsof his labor; the wright loses no time
in conveying his work to be fitted by the smith;
they are in the best possible position, so far as
their joint labor is concerned, to furnish cheap
wagons, plows, and carts to the neighboring
farmer.
It lemains to be shown to what extent these lit-
tle centers of industry which cluster about the
" cross-roads" redound to the advantage of the
farmer in the enhanced value of the land, which,
it can be shown, is out of all proportion to the
capital invested in theseshops. Remembering the
oft-recurring needs of the husbandman in the mak-
ing and repairing of tools, shoenigof horses,&c.,
let us ask, what is the additional value given to
the land by this little village of artisans? Would
it be an over-estimate to add an aveiage of one
dollar per acre within a circle whose radius is five
miles? Imagine what you would do, how help-
less you would bens a farmer, deprived of the
labor of these mechanics; then answer to the above
va nation. This circle would contain a tnfie over
fifty thousand acres, which, at one dollar per acre,
is equal to §50,000. Now, let us add a saw and
gust-mill to our little village, thus adding a mar-
ket for our timber and grain; would these not add
at least another dollar to each acre ? If so, w c find
an increase in the above area equal to $100,000.
Now, the whole affair—grist-mill, saw-mill,
smith and wheelwright shops, with tools and
equipments—might be completed for $20,000.
Thus we will perceive the value given to the land
is five times as greatas the capital invested in this
little village; or $20,000 invested m these work-
shops has increased the market value of surround*
nur lands #100,000. B< sides, these centers of labor
become attractive to other labor, and we soon find
the tailor and shoemaker, the carpenter and ma-
son, the etore, the school, the church, and the
newspaper, cluster around or become possible,
thus adding higher ami higher values to the land,
until its price is measured by hundreds of dollars
per acre.
The important truth, that every dollar wisely
invested in manufactures and the establishment of
home markets adds to the value of the land at
least fivefold, will explain the magical effects which
have always followed the investmentsof capital in
mills, furnaces, forges, opening of mines, and the
thousand other productive channels during the
I protective periods of our histoiy.
I In the preceding argument it has been shown
; that, by the operation of the patent laws, the in-
! ventor is ultimately enabled to make cheaper and
! more perfect things than could have been produced
I without such protection; that the positions of the
; inventor and introducer of a new machine or pro-
! cess agree in the obstacles to be overcome, while
the success of each results in a benefit to the com-
munity.
That the prosperity of the manufacturer does
not necessarily result in the "oppression of all
other classes," js shown by the harmonious co-
operation of the farmer and the sawyer, each be-
coming stronger and more prosperous by the pres-
ence of the other; because diversity of employ-
ment begets demand for the productsof the lab©*
of all. Demand creates competition in the pur-
chase of the raw material and ihe sale of thfe ftp?
ished products, while competition, still urging in?
vemion, leads to constant increase of production
at lessened cost.
1 Again: by the example of the smith arid wheel-
wright we may learn that common sense and
sound policy alike commend the near market for
the instant and direct interchange of services or
materials. It seems in place to show that govern-
mental action in the form of protective duties i^
necesvsary to an effective development of our ma-
terial resources; the establishment of that divers-
ity of employment essential to the freedom, proa*
perity, and happiness of our people.
But at this point we are met by the declaration
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorheks-,}
in a speech on this floor on the tax bill, May 27,
1862:
" Tills thing was tried a long time ago, when there were
great stateMJien on both sides, wlio are gone down to their
graven, and the judgment of the American people wasren-
deied on the subject of a high protective tariff. Judgment
was rendered again&t it, and the country resorted to duty (or
revenue."
Mr. Chairman, our fathers came out of the war
of the Revolution impoverished, exhausted, and
dependent upon other nations for every article of
national defense, as well as for things of prime'
necessity to the daily comfort and health of our
people; without founderies for cannon, mortars,
shot, or shell; without armories for the making
of muskets, pistols, swords, equipments, gun car-
riages, &c., or laboratories for the preparation of
fixed ammunition, fuses, primers, or rockets; or
foiges for chains, cables, anchors, shafts, &c.; or
shops to make spikes, bolts, or tools for ship-
building, intrenching, and constructing bridges
and forts, machinery for ships or batteries; devoid
of hemp or f.ax for sails, cordage, and tents; of
leather for shoes, cartridge-boxes, belts, and har-
ness; of salt for the preservation of provisions;
of clothing of all kinds; of powder and lead; in
fact, all the essentials of war and defense. Sol-
diers must have shoes, must have arms. Trans-
position decides more campaigns than courage
and discipline; and clothing is as essential to a
successful war as ammunition. Cast your eyes
across? the Rappahannock, and thence a way south-
ward,over the ill-fated States in bloody rebellion
against their own happiness and prosperity, and
you have a terrible realization of the retched
condition to which an agi [cultural people may be
reduced by war with any Power that has the
means to master the avenues of their trade with
the external world. Does the gentleman fiom In-
diana think that the bitter experiences of the past
two years have wrought no change in the spirit
of the dreams of those southern statesmen who
assisted in making up the verdict which he has
quoted? Allow me to quote the words of men
who were made wise by the same hitter expe-
riences, in reply to the honorable gentleman:
Extracts from the Messages of the Presidents of the United
Stutcs on the subjcct of the Tariff.
<c The advancement of agiiculture, commerce, and man-
ufactures, by all pioper means, will uoi, I uu*>t, need rec-
ommendation ; but I cannot lorbear intimating to you ihe
expediency of givuig effectual encouragement, as vvcii to
the introduction of new and useful inventions} fiom abroad,
ah to the edition* of skill and genius in producing them at
home."—Washington's Annual J3ddress.
'* Congress ha* repeatedly, and not without euccess, di-
rected their attention to the eneouiagement of manufac-
tures. The object is of loo much consequence not to in-
suiea continuance of their effort in every way which hhall
appear eligible. As a general rule, manufactures on pub-
lic account are inexpedient; but wiieie the state of things
in a countiy leaves* little hope that certain branches of man-
ufacture will, for a great length of time, obtain, when these
are of a nature e.^e'ntial to the furnishing and equipping of
llie public force in tune of war, arc not e-tublishmeut* for
procuring thwn, on public account, to the extent of the
ordumrj demand tor the public service, recomim nded by
strong considerations of national policy a  an exception to
the geneial inle 3 Ought our country lo remain, in such
ease>, dependent on foreign supply, prccarjou-, because
liable to be interrupted? If the necessary article should,
in this ea&e, cost more in time of peace, will not the secu-
rity and independence thence arming form an ample com-
pensation ?"—Washington's Last Annual Jhhh'ess,
ik To cultivate peace, ami maintain commerce and navi-
gation in all their lawful enterpi ises; to footer our fisheries
as nurseries of navigation and lor the mature of man, and
to protect the manufactures adapted to our circumstances—
these, fellow-citizens, are the landmark* by winch we are
