170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 3,
ovth Cong....3d Sess.
Ship Canal—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
toguido ourselves in all ourprocefdings."—Jefferson's See-
ond Annual Message.
" Thf situation into which we have been forced has im-
pelled u? 10 apply a portion of our industry and capita) to
national manufactures and improvements. The extent of
conversion is daily increasing, and little doubt remains that
the establishments formed and forming will, under the au-
spices of cheaper materials and subsistence, the freedom
or labor from taxation with us, and of pi otecting duties and
prohibitions, become permanent."—Jefferson's Eighth An-
nual Message.
<l We have experienced what we did not then believe,
that there exists botii profligacy and power enough to ex-
clude us from the field ot interchanges with other nations;
that to be independent for the comforts of life, we must
fabricate them ourselves. We must now place our manu-
/ facturers by the side of the agriculturist. The former ques-
tion is now suppressed,oi rather assumes a new form. The
giand inquiry now is, shall we make our own comforts, or
go without them at the will of a foreign nation ? He, thurc-
tore, who is now against domestic manulactures must be for
reducing us either to a dependence upon that nation, or be
clothed in skins, and live like beasts in dens and caverns. I
am proxul to say that I am not otic of these. Experience has
taught me that manufactures are now as necessary to our in-
dependence as to our c'o>nfort.'}—Jejfersonys Letter to Benja-
min Austin, Esq., Boston, 1816.
" The revision of our commercial laws, proper to adapt
them to the arrangement which has taken place with Gieat
Britain, will doubtless engage the early attention of Con-
gress. It will he worthy at the same time of their just and
provident care to make such lurther alterations in the laws
as Will moie especially protect and foster theseveralbranches
of manufacture wluch have been recently instituted orex 
tended by the laudable exertion of our citizens."—Madi-
son's Special Message, May 23,18U9.
" 1 lecommend. also, as a more effectual safeguard, and
as an encouragement to our growing manufactures, that the
additional chutes on imports winch are to expire at the end
of one year alter a peace with Great Uritam, be prolonged
to the etui of two years after that event."—Madison's Spe-
cial Message, May 31, 1814.
" But there is no subject which can enter with greater
force and merit into the deliberations of Congress than a
comudciauon of the means to pieserve and promote the
manulaetuies which have sprung into existence ami at-
tained unparalleled maturity throughout the (Jnited States
during the period ot the European wars. This source ol
national independence and wealth I anxiously recommend
to the prompt and constant guardianship of Congress."—
Madison's Spccial Message, £ebiuary 29, 1815.
u In adjusting the duties on imports to the object of tev-
cnue, the influence of the tariff on manulactures will ne-
cessarily present itself (or consideration. However wise
the theory may be which leaves to the sagacity and inter-
est of individuals the application of their industry and re-
isomces, th< ie are in this, as in other eases, exceptions to
the general rule.. Besides the consideration wluch the
thcoiy itself implies of a iccipiocal adoption by other na-
tions, expei loncc teaches that so many circumstances must
occur in mliodueing and niatunng manufacturing estab-
lishments, especially of a more complicated kind, that a
country may remain long without them, although suffi-
ciently advanced, ami in some respects peculiarly fitted for
carrying them on with success. Under cireuinstancesgiv-
lng a powerful impulse to manufactuung mdustiy, it has
made among us a progress and exhibited an efficiency
which justily the belief that, with a piotection not more
than h due to the enterprising citizens whose interests are
now at stake, it will become, at an eaily day, not only sale
against occasional compelmon 1'iom abroad, but a souiec of
dotmMie wealth and external cmnmotce In selecting the
In,uiche^ more especially entitled to public pationage, a
pietcicnee l*- obviously claimed by suehas-will release the
United States nom a dependence on lorcign supplies, ever
subject to casual failutOs, for aitieles necessary foi the
public defense, oi connected with the primary wants of til-
th vidtiah. it will be an additional recommendation ot par-
tieulai manulactures, wheie the mateiials for them aie
e\ten-ivel\ diawn Irom oui agneutture, and consequently
impair and ni-ute to that great fuud of national prosperity
and independence an encouragement which cannot tail to
be jewaided r—Madison's Seventh Annual Message.
Our mauufaetuics will likewise requiiethe systematic
and lOfteiiiiit eaic of the Government. Possessing, as we
do, all the i.iw material-*, the hint ot our own soil and in-
duct iy, w e ouuht not KuU pend, in the degree we have done,
on supplies uom othei eouutiie*. While we ate thu* de-
pendent, tin- sudden event of war, unsought and unexpect-
ed, cannot tail to plunge us into the ino-t serious dilhcul-
ti'.-s. 111-< uu[><>i iaut, too, that the capital which nourishes
our manufactures should be domestic, as its influence in
that ca>e, m-tead ot exhausting, as it mu4 do in foreign
hand"*, would be lelt advantageously on agilculturc, and
every othei branch oi industij. Kqually important is it to
piovide at home a niaiket for oui taw mateiials ; a*-, by ex-
tending the i ompctiuoii. it will enhance the price, and* pio-
tect 1 he eultivatoi atram-t the casualties ineidentto toreign
maikets."—Monroe's Inaugural Aihhess.
" Uniformity m the demand ami price of an aitide is
liishly desirable to the domestic manuiaeturei. It adeemed
ot'gicat nnpoitarire to give encouragement to our domestic
man u tact!) te->."—T/ntd Annual Message.
It cannot be doubted that the moie completeourintcr-
n;il rf«oinces. and the less dependent we aie on foreign
1'oweisloi eveiy national as well as dome-lie puiposc,the
greater and mon.' stable will be the public felicilv. f?y the
incieaseoi domestic manufactures, will the demand tortile
rude matenal- at home be increased; and thus will the
dependence of ?he sev< lal part-> ot the Union on each other,
and the strength ot the Union itself, be proportionally aug-
ment! d."—Monroes Fifth Annual Message.
" Satisfied am I, whatever may be the abstract doctrine
in favor of unrestricted commerce, provided all nations
would concur in it, and it was not liable to be interrupted
by war, which lias neveroccurred, and cannot be expected,
that there are other strong reasons applicable to our situa-
tion and relations with other countries, which impose on
us the obligation to cherish and sustain our manufactures.
Satisfied I am, however, likewise, that the interest of every
part of our Union, even those benefited by manufactures,
requires that this subjectshouldbe touched with the greatest
caution, and a critical knowledge of the effects to be pro-
duced by the slightest changes."—Monroe's Sixth Annual
" The great interests of an agricultural, commercial, and
manufacturing nation are so linked m union together, that
no permanent cause of prosperity to one of them can oper-
ate without extending its influence to the other. All these
are alike under the protecting power of legislative author-
ity, and the duties of the repiesentative bodies arc to con-
ciliate them in harmony together.
" Is the selt-protecting energy of this nation so helpless
that there exists in the political institutions of our country
no power to counteract the bias of foreign legislation ; that
the growers of grain must submit to the exclusion from the
foreign markets of their produce ; that the shippers must dis-
mantle their ships, the trade of the North stagnate at the
wharves, and the manufacturers starve at their looms, while
the whole people shall pav tribute to foreign industry to be
clad in foreign gatbs; that the Congress of the Union are
impotent to restore the balance in favor of native industry
destroyed by the statutes of any realm Foui th
Annual Message.
"The power to impose duties upon imports originally
belonged to the several States- The right to adjust these
duties with a view to the encouragement of domestic
branches of industiy is so completely identical with that
power, that it is difficult to suppose the existence of the one
without the other. The States have delegated their whole
authority over imports to the General Government, without
limitation or restriction, saving the very inconsiderable res-
ervation relating to the inspection laws. This authority
having thus entirely passed from the States, the right to cx-
ercise irfor the purpose of protection does not exist in them;
and, consequently, if it be not possessed by the General
Government, it must be extinct. Our political system would
thus present the anomaly of a people stripped ot the right
to foster then own industry, and to counteract the most
selfish ond destructive policy which might be adopted by
foreign nations. Tbi^ surely cannot be the case ; this in-
dispensable power, thus surrendered by the States, must
be within the scope of authority on the subject expressly
delegated to Congress. In this conclusion I am confirmed,
us well by the opinions of Presidents Washington, Jeffer-
son, Madison, and Monroe, who have each lopeatedly rec-
ommended this right under the Constitution, as by the uni
lot in practice of Congress, the continued acquiescence of
the .States, and the genet al understanding ofthe people."—
Jackson't> Second Annual Message.
To these teachings of Washington, Jefferson
Madison, Momoe, Adams, and Jackson, add
Clay, Webster, and Calhoun in his days of san
ity, with a host of other patriot statesmen, and you
have an unbroken chain of the glorious dead from
the early to the present days of our national ex-
istence, all m favor of the policy of protection,
the beneficence and wisdom of which are vindi-
cated in the eyes of a wondering world in the his-
tory of the past two years, wherein we have as-
serted our independence of external supply, either
in men, money, arms, or ammunition, in almost
every particular of offensive or defensive war.
Contrast the position of the North and its devel-
oped resources with the South and its destitution,
and who can doubt the result of the present con-
test? The battle is not confined to the twenty mil-
lions of men on the one side and twelve millions
of like blood and breed on the other, or we might
doubt the result, but on the side of the North are
right and justice and freedom, and all that free-
dom gives, intelligence and the fruits of free labor.
To our twenty million inhabitants add a giant
power, equal to three hundred million men, in
the steam engines of the North. Toiling unceas-
ing, "the Cyclops forging the thunderbolts of
Jove,'1 these grim powers are torturing the iron
and brass and wood of our mountains to the pur-
poses of destruction and war. Every cataract of
the North is tumbling over the water-wheel in
conflict with slavery; each tiny brook lends its
aid m supplying the needs of freedom's soldiers.
And to-day we stand not alone throttling the most
gigantic rebellion that ever failed m the history of
man, but we ward the meddlesome interference of
powerful nations, allied to curb our growth, to
weaken our nationality by fomenting discord and
division in our midst. Such the birth of our na-
tion; such its young manhood; such the history
of our growth in seventy years; such the fruits of
a protective policy which hath brought skilled
men into the kingdom by fostering their infanten-
terp rises.
The verdict which the honorable gentleman
enunciates found most elaborate expression in the
free trade report made by W. W. Boyce to the
House of Representatives, March 18, 1858, in
which report is an elaborate argument against the
protective policy, and setting forth the following
maxim:
" The doctrine of free trade rests on this great industrial
maxim,that individuals are betterjudges of their monetary
interests than Government can be; and if industry is left
perfectly free, it will, as a general rule, take the wisest di-
rection."
The truth ofthe above "great industrial maxim"
is fully sustained by the presentargument; the il-
lustrations selected have been from such occupa-
tions as were by their position the least affected
by outside influences and were the most free to
take the wisest direction. It is because it is true,
because we desire that our people may be free to
choose, that we ask the Government to interpose
its protecting shield, that we may not be over-
whelmed by foreign competitors who are in a po-
sition to submit to present loss that they may in-
fluence the direction of capital and industry in this
country to their future aggrandizement and our
great loss. The nature of such disturbing influ-
ences may be understood from the following re-
port of the commissioners appointed to examine
into the state of the mining population of the min-
ing district to the British House of Commons, 1854:
"The laboring classes generally, in the manufacturing
district's ofthis country, and especially in the iron arid coal
districts, are very little aware of the extent to which they
are indebted for their beingemployed at all to the immense
losses which their employers voluntarily incur in bad times,
in order to destroy foreign competition, and to gam and keep
possession of foreign markets." " Authentic instances are
well known of employers having, at such times, carried on
then works at a loss, in the aggregate, of tlnee or four hun-
dred thousand pounds ($2,000,000) in the course of three
or four years." " If the efforts of those who encourage
combinations to restrict the amount of labor and to pioduee
strikes were to be successful for any length of time, the
great accumulations of capital could no longur be made
which enable a few of the most wealth} eapitdh.-f- to over-
whelm all foreign competition in times of greatdeptession,
and thus clear the way for the whole trade to step i n when
puces revive, and to carry on a great business before for-
eign capital can again accumulate to such an extent as to
bo able to establish a competition in prices with any chance
of success." "The large capitals of this country are the
great instruments of warfare against the competing capital
of foieign countries, and are the most essential instruments
now remaining by which our manufacturing supi emacy can
be maintained."
When the bloated capitalists of England can,
through the British House of Commons, issue
such a declaration of war against American in-
dustry, and the insolent act pass unrebuked by
our Government, can it be matterof surprise that
the capital and industry of our country should
hesitate to embark in any productive direction
which the foreigner thinks worth appropriating?
How much freedom remains to the industry of
this country to choose its direction, when the ptice
of all our raw materials is fixed for us in Man-
chester, the price of food regulated by the Liv-
erpool price current, and the market late of all
our products placed beyond our control by those
who are most interested in our ruin, and can back
their invoice prices by millions of loss, which they
count as clear gain through the "great trade"
which is to follow the " clearing of the way so
that the whole trade may step in when prices re-
vive ?"
May we not ask the nation to interpose its pro-
tecting shield to guard our industry and enter-
prise from war and violence, even as we would
the personal rights of our people?
But, says Hon. W. W. Boyce and his special
committee, il the practical effect of such protec-
tion is, that the consumers are prevented by gov-
ernmental interference from buying cheap." Hon.
R. M. T. Hunter, in a speech made in the Sen-
ate, against any modification of the tariff, said
he did not " believe that protection benefit those
interests which it seeks to aid, were it for no other
reason than that it induces competition and brings
down the level of prices." I quote Mr. Hunter
against Mr. Boyce; they disagree, as the free-
trade theorists are apt to do, in their zeal to assail
a system which they fail to comprehend.
Mr. Hunter is sustained in his view, that pro-
tection induces home competition, and ''brings
down the level of prices," by the following pre-
cious morsel from the London Mining Journal,
December, 1856. Aftereommentingon the "grad-
ual decline" in the price and the increase in the
production of iron m the United States, it says:
"These facts have led some interested in the trade to
the conclusion that it would be sound policy for the Staf-
