THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
ments are in line thirty, of section twenty-nine,
to strike out the words " the twenty-seventh sec-
tion of;" and in line thirty-two to strike oat the
word " clams," and insert " claims;" and in line
forty-six, to strike out the words the " twenty-
seventh section of." These amendments will be
regarded as agreed to, if there be no objection.
The next amendment is to strike out the thirty-
second section, which will be read.
The Secretary read the section, as follows:
• Sec. 32. Jind be it further enacted} That whenever any
such banking association, being desirous of relinquishing
its banking busmen, shall have paid at least ninety per
cent, of its circulating notes, and>hall have delivered the
same to the Comptroller of the Currency to be canceled,
and shall have provided means and given security to the
satisfaction of the Compti oiler for the redemption of its out-
standing, notes of circulation at the place where such asso-
ciation is located, and shall have given notice thereof by
adveitisement for six consecutive months in two news-
papers of general circulation, published, one at the capital
of the State in which such association shall be located,and
one in the city, town, village,or county in which the fame
is located, if there be one published therein, it s-hnll be law-
ful for the Comptroller to authoi ize and for the Treasurer
of the United States to retransfer and deliver to such bank-
ing association ali the bonds pledged by it; and thereupon
ail the corporate powers of such association, except such
as shall be necessary to close up its affairs, shall ceasc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The nextamend-
ment is on page 36, to strike out the words " the
ihirueth section of," iii line forty-three of section
forty-two. That amendment will be regarded
as adopted if there be no objection. The next
amendment is to insert the words " and reserved
profits "at the end of line fourteen of section forty-
three; which amendment will be regarded as agreed
to, if there be no objection. The nextamendment
is on page 38, in lines ten andthirteen respectively,
of section forty-six, to strike out the words" bank
or" before " association." The next amendment
is in lines thirty-six and thirty-seven of that sec-
tion to strike out the words "associations formed
and doing business under this act, and the amounts
issued by other;" the nextamendment is in lines
forty and forty-one, to strike out "association
doing business under this act, and the amount due
from others." These amendments will be re-
garded as agreed to, if there be no objection. The
next amendment is on page 44, in line twelve of
section fifty-four, to strike out the words "pas-
sage of this act," and insert " organization of the
association;" which amendmrntwill be regaided
as agreed to, if there be no objection. The next
amendment is on page 48, after the word " act,"
in the third line of section sixty-two, to insert
" for the cuirentand the nextfiscal year;" which
amendment will be regarded as adopted, if there
be no objection. The Chair hears none. The
amendments reported by the committee arc now
disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a few amendments
from the Committee on Finance, mostly verbal,
that I wish to offer. On page 7, section nine,
line three, I move to strike out the words " the
seventh section of;" so as to read " as provided
in this act."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as adopted, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 11, section six-
teen, line four, 1 move to strike out the word
" may," and insert the word "shall," and in line
five to strike out the words "any amount of," and
insert, after the word " interest," m line six, " to
an amount not less than one third of the capital
stock paid in;" so that it will read:
That every association, after having complied with the
provisions of this act, preliminary to the commencement of
banking business under its provisions, shall transfer and
deliver to the Trea-^urerof the United States, United States
bond.i bearing interest to an amount not less than one third
of the capital stock paid m, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be regarded as adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 13, line nineteen,
section eighteen, after the word " president," I
move to insert "or vice president;" so as to read,
" president or vice president, and cashier."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be legarded as adopted, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 15, section twenty,
line three, 1 move to strike' out the word "or,"
and insert "and;" so aa to read, "president or
vice president, and cashier thereof."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as adopted, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 18, section twenty-
four, iirie eight, alter the word " by," I move to
insert "oath oi affirmation of;" so as to read," by
oath or affirmation of the president and cashier."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as adopted, if there be no objec-
tion. *•
Mr. SUMNER. Do you not want to insert
"vice president" after the word "president,"
there ?
Mr. SHERMAN. We thought the oath ought
to be made by the president. On page 19, section
twenty-four, lines thn ty-eight and thirty-nine, I
move to strikeout the woids "and issuing cir-
culating notes under the provisions of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page QO, section twenty-
five, line seven, I move to strike out the words
" or teller," and to insert the word " oi " between
the words " president" and "cashier."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 25, section twenty-
nine, line thirty-seven, I move to strike out the
word "anything" and to insert the word "any;"
so that it will read, " the remainder of such pro-
ceeds if any shall be paid," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 26, section thirty,
line thirty, I move to strike out the word " Treas-
ury,"and insert the word "Currency;" so that it
will read, "the Comptroller of the Currency is
hereby authorized," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 33, section forty,
line eleven, 1 move to strike out the words "up
to,"and to insert the words not exceeding;" so
that it will read, "one per cent, of the capital stock
of such association not exceeding $200,000," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the next lino of the same
section, 1 move to insert the word "if" after the
word " capital;" so that it will read, "and the
half of one per cent, of its capital, if over two
hundred thousand dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On pa^c 34, section forty-
two, line five,before the word "deposits," I move
to insert the word "its;" so that it will read,
" the aggregate amount of its outstanding notes
of circulation, and its deposits."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the same section, line
six, I move to insert the same word, " its," be-
fore the word " deposits."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the end of the forty-first
section 1 move to add the following words:
And if no newspaper is published in such city, town, or
county, such notice shall be published in a newspaper in
the county adjoining.
I am told there are counties in some of the States
where there are no papers published.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 35, section forty-
two, line fifteen, before the word " deposits," I
move to insert the word " its;" so that it will
read, "the aggregate amount of its outstanding
notes of circulation and its deposits."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In line twenty-five of the
same section I move to strike out the word " bank-
ing," before the word "association;" so that the
clause will read > " that any balance due to any as-
sociation organized under this act in other places,
from any association in the cities of Boston ,"&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 38, line thirty-two,
before the word " banks," I move to insert the
words "association of:" so that it will read,
" then remaining on deposit with any association
of banks or bankers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 44, section fifty-
four, line ten, I move to strike out the words
" quarter of a;" so that it will read, " at the be-
ginning of every year be transmitted to the Comp-
troller," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also move to strike out
the last section of the bill, which makes an ap-
propriation of the sums necessary to defray the
expenses to be incurred in the execution of this
act, and to substitute the following, which is an
amendment reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance:
Jhxd he it further enacted. That any banking association
or corporation lawfully m existence as a bank of circula-
tion on the 1st day of January, anno Domini 1863, oigan-
izedby any State or Territory either under a special act of
incorporation or a general banking law, may at anytime
within years after the passage of this law become an
association under the provisions of this act; that in such
case the certificate of association provided for by this act
shall be signed by the directors of such banking association,
and hi addition to the specifications required by this act
shall specify that such directors arc authorized by the
owners of two thirds of the capital stock of such banking
as-ociation or coiporation to make such certificate of asso-
ciation ; and such certificate of association shall thereafter
have the same effect, and the same proceedings shall be
had thcieon ns is ptovided for as to other associations or-
ganized under thiu act; and such association or corpoia-
uon thereafter shall have the same powers and privileges,
and shall be subject to the .-nine duties, responsibilities, and
rules in all res-puct* as are prescribed in this act for other
associations organized umlei it, and shall be held and re-
garded as an association undei tins act.
"Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
the word " Territories" stricken out of the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are some banks in
some of the Territories. I do not know whether
they are legally in existence or not; but wc in-
serted the word " Territories "so as to cover them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Some of the Terri-
tories did otganize banks; but the courts have de-
cided that they organized them contrary to law.
They are claiming a sort of existence in our State
now under the territorial organization; and I should
like to have the word stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves to amend the amendment by strik-
ing out the words " or Territories."
Mr. POMEROY. I think that matter had bet-
ter be left to the courts. Any legislation wc make
here on this bill will not affect the question, so far
as banks have already been chartered by Territo-
rial Legislatures anywhere. The organic act of
some of the Territories provided that the Terri-
torial Legislature should have the light to legis-
late on all subjects of legislation not inconsistent
with the Constitution of the United States. Un-
der that clause there have been in my State, and
I believe there was in Florida, while Florida was
a Territory, a bank or two incorporated. The
one in Florida was declared to be unconstitutional.
I think that striking out or leaving in this word
" Territories" will not affect the question that my'
colleague is driving at.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the Sena-
tors from Kansas to say that their cout ts have
held thattlie Territory oi Kansas was incompe-
tent under the organic act to incorporated bank?
Has that been held there?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It was held both m
our Territory and in the Territory of Nebraska,
which was organized under the same act. We
have a parcel of spurious establishments in our
State (hat are claiming a sort of existence; and,
so far as I am concerned, I do not want the priv-
ilege of organizing under this bill to be extended
to them.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg simply to say that the
contrary has been held by some of the most em-
inent tribunals in the country. Certainly the su-
preme court of New York, for one, held the con-
trary doctrine in a very important case; and I
think the Supreme Court of the United States also
held the contrary, and held that a Territorial Le-
gislature has authority to incorporate a bank.
Mr. POMEROY. I will state to the Senator
from Michigan that i do not know of any such
decision in my State. I never heard it. My col-
league says it is so.
Mr. HO WARD. I can hardly believe there is
any such decision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the banks
in Fioi ida, I will state that their charters were re-
pealed by an act of Congress in 1836. I am not
quite sure, but my impression is, that the same act
of Congress declared that no banks should be cre-
ated by any Territory without a law of Congress
providing; for it.
Mr. HOWARD. It would undoubtedly be
competent for Congress to repeal any bank charter
of a Territory; that is, to provide by law for its
repeal; but X cannot credit the statement that any
