li
WiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
s Mr, HARRIS. ' 1 Have prepared a section to
accomplish just that end.
Mr. CLARK. What is the necessity for it?
Mr. HARRIS. Of course there is a necessity,
because it would otherwise undoubtedly be a vio-
lation of the State taws; and I have put in the
section a provision if a State law authorizes them
to do so. Then it still remains a State corpora-
tion, and is still subject to the provisions of the
State laws. It cannot go on under the organiza-
tion provided by this act, because it would have
to report to the Treasury Department here, and
report to the bank superintendent at Albany, and
could be wound up by either one. It would be a
complex thing that would never operate at all.
You must allow it to remain a State institution,
notwithstanding it takes out this currency, and it
may use national currency just as well as State
currency.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the proposition is to
give them an opportunity to have all these ad-
vantages, and allow them to become bankers, in
pointof fact, without capital, and free themselves
from all the liabilities and all the guards of a
bank, I should have serious objection to it, of
course.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly it is not. Let me
read the section:
Any bank or banking association authorized by any State
law to engage in the business of banking, and duly organ-
ized under such $tate law as a bank or bunking association,
and being actually engaged in the business of hanking, may,
When authorized so to do by the State in wbich such bank
or banking association is located, and under such restric-
tions, and upon such terms and conditions as shall be pre-
scribed for that purpose by the Secretary of the Treasury,
transfer and deliver to the Treasurer of the United States
any amountofbonds,andmayreceivefrom the Comptroller
of the Currency circulating notes in the same manner as if
such bank or hanking association had been organized under
the provisions of this act.
Then I have another section:
Whenever any State bank or banking association shall
have received any circulating notes under the provisions of
this act, such bank or banking association shall be entitled
to aii the rights and privileges and subject to ail the duties
and liabilities prescribed in this act in respect to associa-
tions organized under this act, so far as the provisions of
this act can be made applicable to any such State bank or
banking association.
Now, sir, I think that that will operate with
great simplicity. It will enable our State insti-
tutions to maintain their present existence, and
yet come in and receive a national circulation. I
believe it can be done.
Mr. POW ELL. If the Senator from New York
will allow me I should like to make a suggestion,
I will inquire of the Senator whether it would not
be better for him to extend his amendment a little
forther, and declare that no corporation of this
kind should be authorized in any State except by
the consent of the State ? Have we the power, by
anactof the Congress of the United States, to au-
thorize individuals of the States of this Union to
organize private corporations for the purpose of
banking, or for any other purpose, without the
consent of the States? I am under the impression
that we have not the power. Hence, if the Sen-
ator would extend his amendment, so as to say
that no corporation under this act should be in
existence in any State except by the authority
of the State, perhaps it would reach that consti-
tutional objection. I am clearly of the opinion
that Congress has no power to pass a law au-
thorizing individuals, resident of one of the sov-
ereign States of this Union, to organize private
banking institutions or any other private corpo-
rations within the limits of the State. In my
judgment that is a matter left exclusively to the
State in the exercise of Us high sovereign power.
I merely throw out the suggestion to the Senator
from New York, and lie may perhaps modify his
amendment so as to meet it.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see why a banking cor-
poration in my State cannot avail itself of this act
as it stands. Itcan investitscapital,if itpleases,in :
thebondsoftheUnitedStatesUovernment. Itcan
deliver those bonds in trust, for aught I know, to
the Comptroller of the Currency. It then, instead
of issuing its own notes, can make this currency
its own by signing and becoming responsible for
it. It then, if it applies, would be subject to the
statute of the States and of the United States; and
if they choose to incur that responsibility, why
shall they not go on?
Mr. HARRIS. Let me suggest to the Senator
from New Hampshire the difficulty about it. This
February 9,
act provides only for the issuing of this currency
to an association of five or more persons. Now,
you will have to go through all the machinery
suggested by the Senator from Maine a little while
ago, of having the organization of an association
within and under these State corporations. There
is no provision in this act for issuing any cur-
rency to a company incorporated under State
laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment I offer pro-
vides for that.
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir. The amendment of-
fered proposes that they shall abandon their State
organization and come in under this act. They are
to be transferred and transformed from State or-
ganizations to an organization under the national
law.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from New York, I beg to suggest that there
is not a single act done by any banker that can-
not be done by any individual, except the issuing
of circulating notes. The Senator will find it im-
possible to tell me a single act which any bank
can do that any individual banker cannot do
unless it is the power to issue circulating notes.
Now, we provide in this bill a mode by which
any existing bank, or any setofindividuals, may
have the power of issuing the notes of the United
States, and they have, as individuals, all the other
powers of banking. There is no practical diffi-
culty in the way, as the Senator from New Hamp-
shire says, any bank in New Hampshire or any
other State can carry on a banking business un-
der this act; all they have to do is that five of their
directors or individual stockholders, under this
bill as it stood, have to file the requisite certifi-
cate. They may assume a banking name, pre-
cisely the one they now have, and go on and carry
on the business of banking.
Mr. CLARK. It occurred to me, and I sug-
gest it to the Senator from Ohio and the Senator
from New York, that there might be a difficulty
in that. I think there is now a difficulty. If one
of twenty stockholders, united under a charter in
a State institution for the purpose of banking
under the State law, should refuse to come into
this system of banking, he might, perhaps, have
an injunction against the bank to protect himself.
I do not think you would be obliged to carry
every stockholder, or could do it; but if they were
united in going I do not see why they should not
go, if the provision is in the bill as the Senator
from Ohio says, that a certificate may be given
to an existing corporation. X have not examined
it carefully; butonlooking over the billcursorily
I did not see why the banks in my State could
not come in under its provisions. I did see one
difficulty. They cannot pay the two per cent,
annual premium; they can perhaps pay one per
cent.; but 1 suppose that can be amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection I have to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
York is, that it does not accomplish the great pur-
pose. These banks would still be State institu-
tions, organized by the States, and would not have
to make any report to the United States.
Mr. HARRIS. Yes; if the Secretary of the
Treasury required it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it not better for us to
have a uniform system of reports and restrictions
and limitations by a general law, so that all the
banks will stand upon the same footing; and we
may then accomplish what we hope to get, a uni-
form national currency.
Mr. CLARK. Iam not certain that there may
not be a benefit—and I will suggest it to the Sen-
ator from Ohio—in the idea of the Senator from
New York, that there should be a visitation of
some of these institutions on .the parts of the
States. Would ij not give confidence to the in-
stitutions within the States if the State had the
right of visitation, and could know how they
stood ? 1 am not certain that they ought not to
be examined by the States.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill itself is very full
and very stringent on the subject of examination.
A bank under this bill cannot, I think, be con-
ducted fraudulently or dishonestly without ex-
posure; and I do not know whether it would be
wise to allow the State authorities to interfere with
Us organization by this bill.
Mr. CLARK. Itmighttiot; but I suggest the
idea to the Senator, that these examinations may
be full,and the reports may be full, butthey may
be all made to the Department here, and there
would be a want of information in the State.
Mr.SHERMAN. The returns have to be pub-
lished in the eounty where the bank is situated,
and publication has to be also made in the great
cities.
Mr. CLARK. Possibly you may make it suf-
ficient.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am not un-
friendly to this measure; I would not have those
who are pressing it so to understand; on the con-
trary, Iam quite willing that the experiment—for
I regard it as an experiment—should be tried.
What I desire is to make it as inviting, as palat-
able to our State banking institutions as may be,
and to induce them, if possible, to surrender their
present circulation, and to try this national cur-
rency as a substitute for it. But, sir, unless some
such proposition as that which I have suggested
shall be adopted, I am persuaded that no such
thing will be done. I can conceive of no other
mode than that I have suggested to induce our
State institutions—I speak with reference to the
State of New York—to come in under the pro-
visions of this act, and to receive this national
currency instead of the currency that they are
now using. They will not surrender their charters;
they will not surrender the privileges and advant-
ages that they enjoy under the State laws. It
cannot be expected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to ask my
friend to tell me a single advantage the banks of
the State of New York have, a single charterpriv-
ilege which they have, except the power to issue
circulation.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 do not know that I can an-
swer that question; but they think they have ad-
vantages, and you may be very sure that they will
not surrender their existing charters for the pro-
visions of this act, and you will get no banking
institution in the State of New York to come in
under the provisions of this act. That I- predict
most confidently; butifthey can be induced, with-
out parting with their charter privileges, to take
this currency instead of their present currency, I
think it would be a point gained. I think it would
be a great advantage to the system which it is pro-
posed to adopt here, and ultimately I believe the
whole banking system might be changed, and the
banks of New York might be brought into this
system; but unless some such thing is done, the
amount of it will be that if it should happen, which
1 doubt very much, that any institutions will be
organized under this act in that State, they will
be antagonistical to the State institutions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move, at the end of sec-
tion twelve, on page 10, to insert the words:
For all debts contracted by such association for circula.
tion, deposits, or otherwise, each shareholder shall be hcltl
to the amount, at their par value, of the shares held by him,
in addition to the amount invested in such shares.
I ought to explain this amendment a little, as it
is a very important one. It is the limited individ-
ual liability embodied in the laws of the State of
New York, and most of the States of the Union.
The stockholders are liable to the amoun t of their
stock and its value. The principle of this amend-
ment was agreed to by the Committee on Finance;
but there was some question as to the form in
which it should be embodied. We agreed to it,
I believe, unanimously, that the note-holder, the
depositor, the creditor of these banks should have
something more than the stock to fall back upon;
and that if you provide a limited liability to an
amountequal to the stock,in addition to the stock,
you will make it ample beyond all danger. That
principle has been embodied in the laws of a great
majority of the States; but the question with us
was whether the liability should simply be as-
serted as it is in this amendment, or whether we
should goon and elaborate and provide a remedy
to enforce the liability. I have here a very care-
fully drawn section, specifying and describing
the liability more minutely, and also providing
for a mode to enforce it; but, upon reflection, we
think it better to simply insert the liability, and
leave to future Congresses the difficult task of en-
forcing the liability or prescribing the remedy.
The laws of the State of New York are very full,
very minute, on this subject; but we thought it
better not to burden this bill by embodying many
provisions that were not necessary. Future Con-
gresses can do it. This will assert the liaMity of
