1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB?,
the stockholder to the extent of his stock, and as
much more, and future legislation can provide the
remedy to enforce it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor from Ohio whether it is anywhere provided in
the bill that the note-holders shall have priority
over the depositors?
Mr. SHERMAN. Under this system it is not
possible for the bill-holder to lose the amount of
his bill. He not only has a lien on the stock and
the bonds deposited here, but he has a prior lien
on everything owned by the bank. It is the duty
of the receiver appointed under the law, to seize
all the assets of the bank, after it has made de-
fault and committed an act of bankruptcy. The
United States, in any event, redeems the note,
seizes upon the property, and has a prior lien on
all the property of the bank.
Mr. POWELL. I offer this amendment as an
additional section:
Jlt\d be it further enacted, That each and every banking
association organized under this act shall be, and is here-
by, required to keep in its vaults in gold and silver coin, at
all times, an amount equal to at least one fourth of the
amount of the notes it is authorized to issue.
This is to me a most singular bank bill. I
have read it over hastily twice, and I have not
observed the words "gold and silver coin" men-
tioned anywhere. I am clearly of the opinion
that any bank note issued upon any other than a
specie basis will be injurious to the country in
which it is issued. Bank notes, in my judgment,
to be a benefit to the community, should be re-
deemable at the counter at which they are issued,
in coin. Any other issues in my judgment are
destructive to the best interests of thy country.
The amendment I propose requires each one of
these banks to keep in its vaults in coin at all
times an amount equal to one fourth of its issues.
That is a very limited amount; but when you
take one fourth of the value in coin, and take the
United States bonds at their present value, it
■would not be more than sufficient to protect the
note-holder against loss in case the institution
should wind up. .
These issues are to be made upon United States
bonds. The issue of notes is, I believe, to be with-
in ten per cent, of the value of the bonds. These
notes are to be issued on that basis. Now, sup-
pose it should turn out—and I verily believe it
will turn out whenever it is submitted to an intel-
ligent court—that the legal tender clause of your
note law will be declared unconstitutional, what
will become of the security of the note-holder ?
Your United States bond to-day, I suppose, is not
worth over fifty or sixty dollars on the hundred.
When I speak of dollars, I mean gold or silver
dollars. If the legal tender note should be de-
clared unconstitutional, this money will be in the
hands of the people, and they will be driven to
the United States bond for security—a bond that
is not worth more than I have stated to-day; and
if that thing should occur, it will be worth still
less for the redemption of these notes, and at least
forty per cent, of these notes would be found to be
without any adequate fund out of which they could
be redeemed, and consequently this worthless
trash would be in the hands of the people through-
out the country without any hope of redemption
I am opposed to this bill in every form; but if
it is to be passed, I think it proper that we should
give it at least a little stiffening. If the amend-
ment that I propose should be adopted I think it
would greatly benefit the bill, but I do not wish
Senators to understand that even then I shall vote
for it. It should be guarded and protected by
such wholesome amendments as will secure the
note-holders against loss. As it is, the note-
holder will have but very little security. Ot all
bank issues, that, in my judgment, is the least
secure which is issued upon a credit. You pro-
pose to issue bank notes here upon the credit o
the United States, upon the bonds of the United
States. That is to be the basis for the redemp-
tion of the notes, and for the security of the note-
holder. Your bonds to-day are at a very great
discount. Where is the security of the note-
holder? Gentlemen may fall back on the indi-
vidual liability clause that they have inserted, but
that will be worth very little when you have to go
all over the country hunting the persons who own
stock in these banks, and perhaps two thirds 01
them will be worth nothing except.the stock they
have in the banks, and when that is gone, nine
tenths of them, perhaps, will have nothing which
can be taken on execution.
It is clear to my mind that we should require
these banks to keep some portion of coin in their
vaults, at least, as security to the holders. All
the States which have adopted this free banking
system, as far as 1 know, require the banks to
keep on hand a limited amount of specie, some
twelvepercent., some thirty per cent.,some more,
but they all require some specie as far as I am
advised, and I have looked into the banking sys-
tems in some of the western States. Here, how-
ever, is a proposition for a series of banks, a
gigantic scheme that absolutely does not require
them to pay coin or keep any on hand at all. It
is a system of banking that, in my judgment, with
all intelligent bankers and merchants will fall still-
born. I have conversed with some very intelligent
merchants and business men from New York,
Boston, and Philadelphia, about this projet, and
I have yet to find the first one that does not con-
demn it. I dare say there are some who favor it,
but I have not met with them, and I have Jalked
with several business men on the subject.
But, Mr. President, it was not my purpose to
make any extended speech on the amendment.
I ask for the yeas and nays on its adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. When this bill was drawn
I did not expect that my friend from Kentucky
would vote for it; nor did I expect that he would
vote for any bill which required the banks which
might be organized under it to pay specie from
this moment, because, as he knows, that would be
futile. His amendment would require these banks
to keep twenty-five per cent, of gold and silver in
their vaults. The bill as reported provides that
they shall keep twenty-five per cent, in lawful
money of the United States in their vaults. If
the courts shall decide, as the Senator says they
will, that the paper money of the United States
is worthless trash, illegal and unconstitutional,
then the phrase "lawful money of the United
States" would mean gold and silver; and the bill
suits him now. If the courts shall decide that the
paper money of the United States is not worth
anything, is unconstitutional, is worthless trash,
then the only lawful money left will be gold and
silver coin; and the bill as it stands requires the
banks to keep twenty-five per cent, of lawful
money in their vaults.
But, Mr. President, while we are in war specie
payments are naturally suspended. They always
will be, as they always have been in every coun-
try involved in a great war. They were suspend-
ed in England during her wars with Napoleon.
Would it not have been singular if some man had
stood up in the British Parliament, when during a
long war specie payments were suspended, and
the Bank of England notes were made the basis
of currency, and had denounced the Bank of Eng-
land paper as worthless trash ? It would have been
considered a very remarkable thing; and yet that
is done now. The United States money, to which
the faith of the United States is pledged, to which
the faith of every State in the Union is pledged,
to which all the property of the United States is
pledged, is here denounced, in the Senate of the
United States, as worthless trash. And yet with-
out this " worthless trash" we must submit to be
overrun by armed confederates who are seeking
to subvert the Government, and every man knows
it. Every-man knows—-none better than the Sen-
ator from Kentucky—that without the issue of
paper money it would be impossible to carry on
the operations of the Government, and there would
be nothing to prevent Jeff Davis from encamping
within sight of New York city. It is by the use
of just such money that armies are formed m the
South. , ,,
Is it not very strange that the Senator should
denounce this paper money, necessary to be used
to carry on this war, as worthless trash, and dis-
credit the Government of the United States? It
is very singular. As a matter of course, the
amendnient cannot be offered with any hope that
it will be adopted. If it were adopted it would
be a defeat of the bill. None of the banks of the
United States now pay gold and silver, nor can
they, it is impossible; and therefore the amend-
ment was moved, I think, not with much expect-
ation that it would prevail, but to enable the Sen-
ator to announce as his opinion that the money
of the United States, the notes issued by this Gov-
ernment, are worthless trash, uncons! I rational find
unlawful, and that therefore all the banks which
might be founded upon it would be unlawful.
Sir, the very moment this war is over; the very
moment our credit is good; the very moment the
bonds of the United States are worth above par,
that moment all these banks will be specie pay-
ing banks. My hope is that Congress will never
authorize the issue of more than $400,000,000 of
United States notes, and that these will be made
the basis during the war of the currency of the
country, and that by this bill the money of-the
people, through their banking associations organ-
ized all over the country, may be combined in
support of the credit of the United States to make
a safe and stable currency which will give us dur-
ing time of war the best substitute possible for
gold and silver. That, I believe, will be done;
but the very moment the war is over; the very
moment our bonds are equivalent to par with gold
and silver, as they will be when the war is over,
that moment all these banks will be specie paying
banks, and every one of them will then be re-
quired to keep the very amount of specie in their
vaults that the Senator provides for; that is, twen-
ty-five per cent, of the lawful money of the Uni-
ted States. There are but two species of lawful
money; one gold or silver coin, and the other
the United States greenbacks, as they are called.
During the war the greenbacks are necessary to
carry on the Government, and necessary as law-
ful money. ' They are made so by the Govern-
ment. :
Mr. POWELL. It is singular to me that the
Senator cannot discuss a legitimate matter of
finance without lugging in "Jeff Davis" here as
a kind of bugbear to somebody. I do not know
what Mr. Jefferson Davis has to do with this mat-
ter. The Senator says that I have announced that
I believe the legal tender clause of your note bill
to be unconstitutional. I so announced when the
bill to issue them was passed, and I voted against
it; and I really thought when the first bill was
passed that t|ie learned Senator from Vermont
[Mr. CollamerI made an argument which ought
to have satisfied every Senator here that it was
unconstitutional. I do believe that the legal tender
clause is unconstitutional. I do not believe that,
if a man has contracted to pay me $1,000, which
meant §1,000 in gold or silver coin, this Congress
can pass a law saying that I shall receive it in
paper money, and paper money that is at as heavy
a discount as this is.
The Senator says you cannot go on with the
war without the is ue of greenbacks, as I under-
stand. I think, and I have always thought, that
it was an unwise policy to issue^ one of them. I
know very well that in these times it would be
impossible to getalong with the sub-Treasury law-
requiring all the receipts and disbursements of the
public Treasury to be coined. I would have re-
pealed that much of the sub-Treasury law, and
I would have allowed the notes of solvent banks
to be received and paid for the public dues; and
then I would have gone into the market and bor-
rowed money. Your bonds were selling at a pre-
mium, in gold and silver coin too, before you com-
menced grinding out this paper money. Yon have
ground out paper money until now your bonds
are at a discount, payable in paper money that is
itself at a very heavy discount, a discount of some
forty per cent, and upwards; forty-seven I believe
to-day. This policjuhas already ruined the credit
of the nation, or at least very much weakened it;
destroyed it to a very great extent. In my judg-
ment this has been caused by the unwise financial
policy of the Government. 1 desire to keep up the
credit of the Government, and I believe it cannot
be kept up by the excessive issue of irredeemable
paper money. That is my firm conviction. I
wish to put, if I can do it, a little stiffening into
the Senator's bill, and I intend at the proper time
to move to strike out the clauses which requue
these notes to be redeemed by what he calls" law-
ful money," and to insert " gold and silver com,
believing as I do that no bank issue will ever be
of use to any country that is not convertible into
gold and silver.
I shall move further to amend the bill, if this
money is to be thrown on the people, by sti iking
out that provision which prevents it from being
received for your customs. If we compel the
people to take it in every direction, the Govern-
