1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3Tth Cong....3d Sess.
The Conscription Bill—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. op Reps.
I
with power over the whole property of the coun-
try. A bill to put all power in his hands over the
personal liberties of the people. A bill to indem-
nify him, and all under him, for every act of op-
ression and outrage already consummated. A
ill to enable him to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, in order to justify or protect him, and
every minion of his, in the arrests winch he or
they may choose to make—arrests, too, for mere
opinions'sake. Sir,some two hundred yearsago,
men were burned at the stake, subjected to the
horrors of the Inquisition, to all the tortures that
the devilish ingenuity of man could invent—for
what? For opinions on questions of religion —
of man's duty and relation to his God. And now,
to-day, for opinions on questions political, under
a free Government, in a country whoso liberties
were purchased by our ftthers by seven years*
outpouringof blood, and expenditure of treasure---
we have lived to see men, the born heirs of this
precious inheritance,subjected toarrestand cruel
imprisonment at the caprice of a President, or a
Secretary or a constable. And, as if that were
not enough, a bill is introduced here to-day, and
pressed forward to a vote, with the right of de-
bate,indeed—extorted from you by the minority—
but without the right to amend, with no more than
the mereprivilegeof protest—a bill which enables
the President to bring under his power, as Com-
mander-in-Chief, every man in the United States
between the ages of tfrenty and forty-five—three
millions of men. And, as if not satisfied with that,
this bill provides, Anther, that every other citi-
zen, man, woman, and child, under twenty years
of age and over forty-five, including1 those that
may be exempt between these ages, shall be also
at the mercy—so far as his personal liberty is con-
cerned—of some miserable "provost marshal"
with the rank of a captain of cavalry, who is never
to see service in thefield; and every congressional
district m the United St tes is to be governed—
yes, governed—by this petty satrap—this mili-
tary eunuch—this Baba—and he even -may be
black—who is to do the bidding of your Sultan,
or his Grand Vizier. Sir, you have but one step
further to go—give him the symbols of his office—
the Turkish bow-string and the sack.
What is it, sir, but a bill to abrogate the Con
stitution, to repeal all existing laws, to destroy
all rights, to strike down the judiciary, and erect
upon the ruins of civil and political liberty a stu-
pendous superstructure of despotism. And for
what? To enforce law? No, sir. it is admitted
now by the legislation of Congress, and by the
two proclamations of the President, it is admitted
by common consent, that the war is for the abo-
uuon of negro slavery, to secure freedom to the
black man. You tell me, some of you, I know,
that it is so prosecuted because this i^ the only
way to restore the Union; but other** openly and
candidly confess that the purpose of the prosecu-
tion of the war is to abolish slavery. And thus,
sir, it is that the freedom of the n^gro is to be pur-
chased, under this bill, at the sacrifice of every
nght of the white men of the United Sta'es.
wSir, j am opposed, earnestly, inexorably op-
posed, to this measuie. If theie weie not another
man in this House to vote against it, if tbeie weie
none to raise his voice against it, 1, at least, dare
stand here alone m my place, as a Representative,
undismayed, unseduecd, nnterrified,and heedless
of the miserable cry of " disloyalty," of sym-
pathy with the rebellion and with rebels, to de-
nounce it a? the very consummation of the con-
spiracy against the Constitution and the liberties
of my country.
Sir, I yield to no man in devotion to the Union.
Iam for maintaining it upon the pimciplos on
which it was first formed; ond I would have it,
at every sacrifice,exceptofhonor, which is " the
!ife of the nation.'* I have .stood by it in boyhood
and in manhood, to this hour; and I will not now
consent to yield it up; nor am 1 to be di i ven from
aneainestand persisten t support of the or. ly means
by which u can be restored, either by the thieats
of the party of the Administration here, or be-
cause of affected sne^is and contemptuous refu-
sals to listen, now, to reunion, by the pat ty of the
administration at Richmond. 1 never was weak
enough to cower before the reign of terror inau-
gurated by the men in power here, nor vain enough
to expect favorable responses now, or terms of
settlement, from the men in power, or the presses
under their control, in the South. Neither will
ever compromise this great quarrel, nor'agree to
.peace on the basis of reunion; but, { repeat it-
stop fighting, and let time and natural causes op-
orate—uncontrolled by military influences—and
tlie ballot there, as the ballot here, will do its
work. I am for the Union of these States; and
but for my profound conviction that it can never
be restored by force and arms; or, if so restored,
could not be maintained, and would not be worth
maintaining, I would have united, at first—even
now would unite, cordially—in giving, as I have
acquiesced, silently, in your taking, ail the men
and all the money you have demanded. But I did
not believe, and do not now believe, that the war
could end m anything but final defeat; and if it
should last long enough, then in disunion; or, if
successful upon the principles now proclaimed,
that it must and would end in the establishment
of an imperial military despotism—not only in the
South—but in the North and West. And to that
i never will submit. No,rather, first 1 am ready
j to yield up property, and liberty—nay, life itself.
I Sir, I do not propose to discuss now the ques-
1 lion of the constitutionality ofthis measure. The
genilerm.n from Ohio who pivceded me, [Mr.
White,] has spared me the necessity of an argu-
ment on that point. Fie has shown that between
the Atmy of the United States, of winch, by the
Constitution, the President of the United States
is the Commander-in-Ciiief, and the militia, be-
longing to the States, there is a wide and clearly
marked line of distinction. Tin* distinction is
fully and strongly defined in the Constitution,
and has been lecognized in the entire legislation
and practice of tlie Government from the begin-
ning'. The States have the right,and have always
exercised it, of appointing the officers of their
militia, and you have no power to take it away.
Sir, this bill was originally introduced m the Sen-
ate as a militia bill, and as such it recognized the
right of the States to appoint the officer*; but find-
ing it impossible, upon that basis, to give to the
Executive of the United States the entire control
of the millions thus organized into a military force,
as the conspirators against State rights and pop-
ular liberty deshe, the original biU won abandoned;
and to-day behold here a stupendous conscription
i bill for a standing army of more than three mil-
| lion men, forced from their homes, their families,
! their field*, and their workshops; an army orgau-
| ized, officered, and commanded by the servant
I President, now the master dictator of the United
; States. And for what? Foreign war? Home
; defense? No; butfoi coeicion, invasion,and the
I abolition of negro slavci y by force. Sir, the con-
! script-en of Russia is mild and merciful and just
' compared with this. And yet ihe enforcement of
I that conscription has just stirred again the slum-
' bering spirit of insurrection in Poland, though the
! heel of despotic power lias trodden upon the necks
! of her people for a century.
I Where, now, are your taunts and denunciations,
l! heaped upon the confederate government for its
!| conscription, when you, yourselves, become the
I; humble imitators of that government, and bring
• ! in here a conscription act, more odious even than
^ that passed by the confederate congress at Rich-
j' mond? Sir, the chairman of the Military Com-
; mittee rejoiced that for the last two years the Army
■, had been filled up by voluntary enlistments. Yes,
1 your Army h<ts hitherto been thus filled up by the
j: men of the North ond West. Ouc million two
;! hundred and thirty-seven thousand men—for most
j, of the drafted men enlisted, or procured sub-U'-
j twites—have \o!uniaii!y suirendeied their civil
j1 rights, subjected themselves to military law,and
|! titus passed under the command and within the
I; control of the President of the United States. Jt
|! is not for me to complain of that. It was their
■' own act—done oftlieir own free will and accord
i'i —unless bounties, promises,and persuasion may
ii be regarded as coercion. Tlie work you proposed
, was gigantic, and your means proportionate to it.
j! And'what has been the result? What do you
!| propose now' What is this bill? A confession
that the people are no longer ready to enlist; that
I' they are not willing to carry on this war longer,
i' until some pftoit has been made to settle this great
j! controversy insome other way than by the sword,
[i And yet, in addition to the one million two hun-
dred and thirty-seven thousand men who have
voluntarily enlisted, you propose now toforctftlie
entire body of the people, between the ages of
twenty and forty-five, under military law, and
within the control of the Presidratas Commanders-
in-Chief of the Array, for three years, or during
the war—which is to say " for life;" ay, sir,for
life, and half your Army has already found, or
will yet find, that their enlistment was for life tool
j repeat it, sir, this bill is a confession that the
people of the country are against this war. ft is
a solemn admission upon the record in the legis-
lation of Congress that they will not voluntarily
consent to wage it any longer. And yet, ignoring
every principle upon which the Government was
founded, this measure is an attempt by compul-
sion to carry it on against the will of the people.
Sir, what does all this mean? You were a majority
at first; the people were almost unanimously with
you, and they were generous and enthusiastic ill
your support. You abused your power and your
trust, and yon failed to do the work which you
promised. You have lost the confidence, lost the
lenrts of the people. You are now in a minority
at home. Ami yet, what a spectacle is exhibited
here to-night! You,an accidental, temporary ma-
jority, condemned and repudiated by the people,
are exhausting the few remaining hours of your
political life 111 attempting to defeat the popular
will, and to compel, by the most desperate and
despotic of expedients ever resorted to, the sub-
mission of the majority of the people, at home,
to the minority, their servants here. Sir, this ex-
periment has been tried before in other ages and .
countries, and its issue always, among a people
born free, or fit to be free, has been expulsion or
death to the conspirators and tyrants.
I make no threats. They are not arguments fit
to be addressed to equals in a legislative assem-
bly'; but there is truth—solemn, alarming truth—
in what has been said to-day by gentlemen on
this side of the Chamber. Have a care, have a
care, 1 entreat you, that you do not press these
measures too far. 1 shall do nothing to stir up
an already excited people—not because of any
fear of your contemptible petty provost marshals,
but because 1 desire to see no violence or revolu-
tion in the North or West. But 1 warn you now,
that whenever, against the will of' the people,
and to perpetuate power and office in a popular
Government which they have taken from you,
you undertake to enforce this bill, and, like the
destroying angel in Egypt, enter every house for
the first-born sons of the people—remember Po-
land. You cannot and will not bo permitted to
establish a military despotism. Be not encour-
aged by the submission of other nations. The
people of Austria, of Russia, of Spain, of Italy
have never known the independence and liberty of
freemen. Prance, in seventy years, lias witnessed
seven principal revolutions — the last brought
about in a single day by the arbitrary attempt of
the king to suppress freedom of speech and of
the press, and next the free assembling of the
people; and when he would have retraced his
steps and restored these liberties, a voice fiom the
galleries—not filled with cleiks and plunderers
and placemen—uttered the sentiments and will of
the people of Prance, in words now historic:
" It is too late." The people of England never
submitted, and would not now submit, for a mo-
ment, to the despotism which you propose to
inaugurate in America. England cannot, to-day,
fill up her standing armies by conscription. Even
the "pressgang," unknown to her laws, but for
n time acquiesced in, lias long since been declared
illegal; and a sweeping conscription like this,
now, would hurl not only the ministry from
power, but the queen from her throne.
Sir, so far as this bill is a mere military meas-
ure, 1 might have been content to have given a
silent vote against it; but there are two provisions
in it hostile, both to the letter and spirit of the
Constitution, and inconsistent with the avowed
scope and purpose of the bill itself; and, cer-
tainly, as I read them in the light of events which
have occuned in the past two years, of a charac-
ter which demands that the majority of thisHouse
shall strike them out. . There is nothing in the
argument that we have no time to send the bill
back to the Senate, lest it should be lost. The
Presiding Officers of both Housws we friends of
