174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
37th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
The Conscription Bill—Mr. Vcdlandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
the bill, and will constitute committees of confer-
ence of men favorable to it. They will agree at
once, and can at any moment, between this and
the 4th of March, present their report as a ques-
tion of the highest privilege; and you have a two
thirds majority in both branches to adopt it.
With these provisions of the bill stricken out,
leaving it simply as a military measure, to be
tested by the great question of peace or war, I
would be willing that the majority of the House
should take the responsibility of passing it with-
out further debate; although, even then, you would
place every man in the United States, between the
ages of twenty and forty-five, under military law,
and within the control, everywhere, of the Pres-
ident, oxcept the very few who are exempt; but
you would leave the shadow, at least, of liberty
to all men not between these ages, or not subject
to draft under this bill, and to the women and
children of the country too.
Sir, these two provisions propose to go a step
further, and include every one, man, woman, and
child, and to place him or her under the arbitrary
Eower not only of the President and his Cabinet,
ut of some two hundred and fifty other petty
officers, captains of cavalry, appointed by him.
There is no distinction of sex, and none of age.
These provisions, sir, are contained in the seventh
and twenty-fifth sections of the bill. What are
they? I comment not on the appointment of a
general provost marshal of the United States, and
Erovost marshals in every congressional district,
.et that pass. But what do you propose to make
the duly of each provost marshal in carrying out
the draft? Among other things, that he shall
" inquire into and report to the Provost Marshal
General5'—what? Treason? No. Polony? No.
Breach of the peace, or violation of Jaw of any
kind? No; but "treasonable practices;" yes,
treasonable puactices. What mean yod by
these strange, ominous words? Whence come
they ? Sir, they are no more new or original than
any other of the cast-off rags filched by this Ad-
ministration from the lumber-house of other and
more antiquated despotisms. The history of Eu-
ropean tyranny has taught us somewhat of this
doctiine of constructive treason. Treasonable
practices! Sir, the very language is borrowed
from the old proclamations of the British mon-
archs some hundreds of years ago. It brings up
the old, identical quarrel of the fourteenth century.
Treasonable practices? It was this that called
forth that English act of Parliament of twenty-
fifth Edward ill, from which we have borrowed
the noble provision against constructive treason
in the Constitution of the United States. Arbi-
trary aricsts for no crime known, defined or lim-
ited by law, but for pretended offenses, herded
together under the general and most comprehen-
sive name of" treasonable practices," had been
so fiequeut, in the worst periods of English his-
tory (hat, in the language of the act of Henry
IV, "no man knew how to behave himself or
what to do or say for doubt of J^he pains of trea-
son." The statute of Edward III had cut all
these fungous, toadstool treasons up by the root;
and yet, so prompt is arbitrary power to denounce
all opposition to it as treasonable that, as Lord
Halo observes—
"Things weir ->o carried by parlies and factions in the
sHccri'rfmg mgn ot' Richard il, that tins statute was but
littlo obscived tint as this or that pari) got the better. Po
the crane ot high ti eat-on wib, m a maimer, aihitiarily im-
poM'd and adjudgt-d to (he disadvantage of the -party which
uas to be judged ; which, by various vicissitudes and revo-
lution^, iniseliteted ail paiues first and lust, and left a gieat
un-uub'dnt'r.^ and uncjuir-uh'ss in tin; minds of the people,
and wrr* one ot the occasions of the unhappiness of the
kin«
And he adds that—
" ft came to pa-,*- that almost every offense that was or
teemed to he a breach ot the faith and allegiance due to the
king, was-, by construction, cont-equcncc, and interpretation,
raided into the oflen.se o( high tU'Ucon."
Richard II procured an act of Parliament—
even he did not pretend to have power to do it by
proclamation—declaring that the bare purpose
to depose the king and to place another in his
stead, without any overt act, was treason; and
yet, us BlaeksMue remarks, so little effect have
ovei-violent laws topreventciime, that wnhm two
years afterwards this very prince was both de-
posed and put to death. Still the struggle for
arbitrary and despotic power continued; and up
to the time of Charles I, at various periods, al-
most every conceivable offense relating to the
government, and every form of opposition to thg
king, was declared high treason. Amongthese
were execrations against the king; calling him op-
probrious names by public writing; refusing to
abjure the Pope; marrying, without license, cer-
tain of the king's near relatives; derogating from
his royal style or title; impugning his supremacy;
or, assembling riotously to the number of twelve,
and refusing to disperse on proclamation. But
steadily, in better times, the people and the Par-
liament of England returned to the spirit and
letter of the act of Edward HI, passed by a
Parliament which now, for five hundred years,
has been known and honored as Parliamentum
benedictum, the " blessed Parliament"—just as
this Congress will be known, for ages to come, as
"theaccursed Congress"—andamongmanyother
acts, it was declared by a statute, in the first year
of the fourth Henry's reign, that "in no time to
come any treason be judged, otherwise than as
ordained by the statute of King Edward III."
And for nearly two hundred years, it has been the
aim of the lawyers and judges of England to ad-
here to the plain letter, spirit, and intent of that
act, " to be extended," in the language of Erskine
in his noble defense of Hardy, " by no new or
occasional constructions—to be strained by no fan-
cied analogies—to be measured by no rules of po-
litical expediency—to be judged of by no theory
—to be determined by the wisdom of no individ-
ual, however wise—but to be expounded by the
simple, genuine letter of the law."
Such, sir, is the law of treason in England to-
day; and so much of the just and admirable stat-
ute of Edward as is applicable to our form of gov-
ernment was embodied in the Constitution of the
United States. The men of 1787 were well read
in history and in English constitutional law.
They knew that monarch sand Governments, in all
ages, had struggled to extend thelimitsoftreason,
so as to include all opposition to those in power.
They had learned the maxim that, miserable is
the servitude where the law is either uncertain or
unknown, and had studied and valued the pro-
found declaration of Montesquieu, that, "if the
crime of treason be indeterminate, that alone is
sufficient to make any Government degenerate into
arbitrary power." Hear Madison, in the Fed-
eralist:
net u-fangled and artificial treasons have been the great
engines by which vioient'factions, the natural offspring of
free governments, have usually icreakcdtheir alternate ma-
Utility on each other, the convention have, with great judg-
ment! opposed a harrier to this peculiar danger, by insert-
ing a constitutional definition ot the crime, fixing the proof
necessary for conviction of it, and restraining the Congress,
even in punishing it, from extending the consequences of
guilt beyond the person of its author."
And Story,notforeseeing thepossibility ofsuch
a party or Administration as is now in power, de-
clared it " an impassable barrier against arbitrary
constructions, either by the courts or by Con-
gress, upon the crime of treason.". " Congress;"
that, sir, is the word, for he never dreamed that
the President, or, still less, his clerks, the Cabi-
net ministers, would attempt to declare and pun-
ish treasons. And yet what have we lived to hear
in America daily, not in political harangues or the
press only, but in official proclamations and in
bills in Congress! .Yes, your high officials talk
now of "treasonable practices" as glibly "as
gnls of thirteen do of puppy dogs." Treason-
ablepractices! Disloyalty! Who imported these
precious phrases, and gave them a legal settlement
here? Your Secretary of War. He itwas who
by command of our most noble President author-
ized every marshal, every sheriff, every township
constable, or city policeman, in every State in the
Union, to fix, in his own imagination, what he
might choose to call a treasonable or disloyal
practice, and then to arrest any citizen at his dis-
cretion, without any accusing oath, and without
due process or any process of law. And now,
sir, all tfiis monstrous tyranny, against the whole
spirit and the very letter of the Constitution, is to
be deliberately embodied in an act of Congress!
Your potty provost marshals are to determine
what treasonable practices are, and "inquire into,"
detect, spy out, eaves-drop, msnare, and then
inform, report to the chief spy at Washington.
These, sir, are now to be our American liber-
ties under your Administration. There is not a
crowned head in Europe who dare venture on
such ail experiment. How long think you this
people will submit? But words; too—conversa-
tion or public speech—are to be adjudged " trea-
sonable practices." Men, women, and children
are to be*haled to prison for free speech. Who-
ever shall denounce or oppose this Administra-
tion; whoever may affirm that war will not restore
the Union, and teach men the gospel of peace,
may be reported and arrested upon some old
grudge, and by some ancient enemy, it may be,
and imprisoned as guilty of a treasonable prac-
tice.
Sir, there can be but one treasonable practice
under the Constitution in the United States. Ad-
monished by the lessons of English history, the
framers of that instrument defined what treason
is. It is the only offense defined in the Constitu-
tion. We know what it is. Every man can tell
whether he has committed treason. He has only
to look into the Constitution, and he knows
whether he has been guilty of the offense. But
neither the Executive nor Congress, nor both
combined, nor the courts, have a right to declare,
either by pretended law or by construction, that
any other offense shall be treason, except that de-
fined and limited in this instrument. What is trea-
son? It is the highest offense known to the law,
the most execrable crime-known to the human
heart—the crime of Iczsaz majestatis; of the parri-
cide who lifts his hand against the country of his
birth or his adoption. " Treason against the Uni-
ted States," says the Constitution, " shall consist
only in levying war against them, or in adhering:
to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort."
[Here a Republican member nodded seveial times
and smiled.] Ah, sir, I understand you. Butwas
Lord Chatham guilty of legal treason, treasona-
ble aid and comfort, when he denounced the war
against the colonies, and rejoiced that America had
resisted? Was Burke, or Fox, or Barre guilty,
when defending the Americans in the British Par-
liament, and demanding conciliation and peace?
Were even the Federalists guilty of treason, as
defined in the Constitution, for "giving: aid and
comfort" to the enemy in the war of 1812? Were
the Whigs in 1846? Was the Ohio Senator liable
to punishment, under the Constitution, and by
law, who said, sixteen years ago, in the Senate
Chamber, when we were at war in Mexico, " if
I were a Mexican as I am an American, I would
greet your volunteers with bloody hands, and wel-
come them to hospitable graves?" Was Abraham
Lincoln guilty, because he denounced that same
war, while a Representative on the floor of this
House ? Was all this " adhering to the enemy,
giving him aid and comfort" within the meaning
of this provision?
A Member. The Democratic papers said so.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Sir, I am speak-
ing now as a lawyer and as a legislator to legis-
lators and lawyers acting under oath and the other
special and solemn sanctions of this Chamber,
and not in the loose language of the political can-
vass. And I repeat, sir, that if such had been
the intent of the Constitution, the whole Federal
party and the whole \Yhig party and their repre-
sentatives in this and the other Chamber might
have been indicted and punished as traitors. Yet,
not one of them was ever arrested. And shall
they or their descendants undertake now to de-
nounce and to punish, as guilty of treason, every
man who opposes the policy of this Administra-
tion, or is against this civil war, and for peace
upon honorable terms? I hope, in spite of the
hundreds of your provost marshals, and all your
threats, that there will be so much of opposition
to the war as will compel the Administration to
show a decent respect for and yield some sort of
obedience to the Constitution and laws, and to
the rights and liberties of the States and of the
people.
But to return; the Constitution not only defines
the crime of treason, but in its jealous care to
guard against the abuses of tyrannic power, it
expressly ascertains the character of the proof,
and the number of witnesses necessary for con-
viction, and limits the punishment to the person
of the offender; thusgoing beyond both the statute
of Edward, and the common 1q.w. And yet every
