1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
paired with Mr. Burnham, who would have voted
m the affirmative, while he [Mr. Brown] would
have voted in the negative.
Mr. STRA.TTON said: I desire to statethat-my
colleague, Mr. Nixon, was called home last week
by reason of sickness in his family, and has not
yet returned. Upon tins question he is paired
with Mr. McKean, of New York.
Mr. SEDGWICK said: On all votes connect-
ed with this canal bi'l I am paired with my col-
league, Mr. Duell. I desire also to announce that
Alexander H. Rice is confined to his lodgings
by illness, and is paired upon these votes with
Mr. Train, who is also confined to his room by
illness. Mr. Train would have voted for the bill,
and Mr. Rice against it.
Mr. PATTON stated that lie was paired off
with Mr. Pomeiiot.
Mr. SARGENT stated that Mr. Low was de-
tained from the House by siclcncss,and Lhatupon
the main votes upon this bill he was paired with
Mr. Hutciiins.
Mr. COX stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Delaplaine.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. OL1N took the floor.
Mr. BABBITT. I ask the gentleman from New
York to grant me a few minutes of his time while
I explain my position on this bill.
Mr. OLIN. How much time does the gentle-
man desire ?
Mr. BABBITT. About ten minutes.
Mr. OLIN. Three other members from Penn-
sylvania desire a part of my time. £>ay five min-
utes and you can have it.
Mr. BABBITT. '1 can hardly get along with
five minute^.
Mr. Speaker, having, as a representative of the
lakes, been publicly and personally appealed to
by the eloquent and earnest gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Kellogg,] whose sound judgment I
hold m high respect, to come to his aid in this
measure, 1 have been thereby induced to it-con-
sider the grounds of the conclusion at which I had
previously arrived in respect to my vote, to see
whether there might not be some error in them;
and I wish now, in a few words, to state the con-
clusion of my sober second thoughts.
It is true, sir, as the gentleman from Illinois
has said, that I represent, as part of my district,
a town right on the shore of Lake Erie, and, 1
add, containing some fourteen thousand inhab-
itants, and rejoicing in the best and most capa-
cious harbor on that lake, and having a commerce
greater than the number of its inhabitants would
seem to indicate. It is, sir, a town as much ex-
posed to attack by an enemy having a fleet rul-
ing the waters of the lake as any othrr town on
its shores; and it has as deep an interest in what-
ever promotes the commerce of thegreatclunn of
lakes as any other on their borders; and my con"
stituents arc, therefore, directly interested m all
improvements calculated to increase that com-
merce. And further, I am convinced that the pro-
posed work would be one of gi e  t commuicial util-
ity, and such as, under circumstanccs different
from those which now exist, J would feel it both
a duty and a pleasure to vote for. I luive, sir, no
doubt of the constitutional power of the Govern-
ment to construct improvements (or the benefit
of commerce. But, sir, a review of the subject
has confirmed me in the conclusion to which 1 had
previously arrived, that the present is not a proper
time for entering upon a work so expensive, which
I believe to be mainly of a commercial chiuacter.
Sir, we are engaged m a fierce and mighty strug-
gle for national existence. Our national life is as-
sailed by a wicked rebellion, which for its utter
want of cause, its great magnitude, its bitter ma-
paralK.. ... v— — , . . .
the revolt of Satan and his angels against thejust
and beneficent government of Heaven.
Now, sir, I "think that during this despera e
8ti-u>>-<He for national existence we should devote
our entire energies, our whole rnf,ans, and a.I oui
credit, now strained to Us utmost extension to
the suppression of this great and devilish rebel-
lion 'While our rational existence is trembling
in a baKinec, I think we should throw no weight
into any aide scales, but cast all into the scale
which will toll for the salvation of our imperiled
Union. The undertaking of this great work now
would draw away sorae of our energy, and further
strain our credit, and could have no beneficial ef-
fect on our present struggle. The friends of this
improvement say it can be completed in three
years; I believe it would take much longer; but
if only three years, this war for national existence
will be decided m life or death long before any
enlarged boat could pass through your proposed
improvements. This is clearly, then, no military
measure, with a view to the present war. As a
military measure, therefore, it has a view solely
to a war with England, which may never occur,
and for which there is at present no imaginable
cause. Butif such a war is to come, and our lake
frontier to be defended by the aid of vessels of
war, then the proper mode, in my opinion, is to
build them on your lakes, where they are wanted,
and where they can be built twenty-five per cent,
below the cost of their construction on the At-
lantic. It was at the harbor of Erie, sir, that, dur-
ing the summer of 1813, the fleet was constructed
with which, on the memorable 10th of September
of that year, the gallant Perry met the fleet of the
enemy, and made them ours. The facilities now
for constructing a fleet at that point are a thou-
sand times greater than in 1813. We have now
the ship-builders, the mechanical skill, the iron
and coal, as well as the timber, in great abund-
ance on the spot. We are in connection by rail-
roads with every portion of an exuberantly pro-
ductive counti y, and by canal with the great iron
working establishments of Pittsburg. These ad-
vantages, sir, in connection with low rents, and
ihe abundance and cheapness of fuel and provis-
ions, which exist there, would enable you to
construct your war fleet at Erie at least twenty-
five per cent, below its cost on the Atlantic. And
what I know to be true of Erie may be true in
regard to many other ship-building towns upon
these lakes. But I speak only of what I know.
The idea of building your gunboats on the At-
lantic at an enhanced cost, and then enlarging
three hundred and sixty miles of canal, at the
costs of millions, to float them into the lakes where
they arc to be used in case of a war with England,
appears to my mind to be the climax of absurd-
ity. And particularly so when we consider that
in case of such a war you would need every war
vessel you have, and all you could build there, to
defend and protect your "Atlantic coast and com-
merce.
But it is said that the treaty of 1817 prevents
our building vessels of war at our lake harbors.
Sir, it does no such thing. It prohibits our main-
taining on the lakes more than a defined number
of armed vessels. To have vessels built, and
resting on the land, without their armaments,
ready for launching when needed, would be no
more a violation of that treaty than was the con-
struction of canals, subsequent to the treaty,
around the falls of the St. Lawrence, througn
which the London Times threatens to launch the
gunboats of Britain, builtand to be built, into the
lakes for our destruction.
But if such a construction of war vessels at our
lake harbors is thought to be prohibited by the
spirit of the treaty, then give the stipulated six
months' notice, and thus be ready to build your
i gunboats on tho lakes two years and a halt in
ij advance of the time when you could push them
through your enlarged canal. This would gtve
ij England no just cause of offense or alarm. Ihe
provision in the treaty for notice was designed as
an amicable measure, to which either party might
resort at pleasure without offense; and designed
to meet just such a case as has occurred, in the
altered circumstances of the two nations, in regard
to the facilities with which the lake can now be
reached by the one party and not by the other.
But a far better mode of defense than either
of those suggested, in case of imminent peril of a
war with England, would, in my opinion, be to
organize and put arms into the hands of two
hundred thousand minute men, who can be found
St within ten hours' march, by rail, of tho Niagara
I1 river; and on the first bugle note of war, push
" them over and take possession of the Weliand
canal and northern shores of both Lakes Erie and
Ontario; and put a like number across the St.
Lawrence, and take possession of all connections
between the lower and upper provinces of Canada.
Mr. OLIN. I now yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mqokhe&d,] forfivc minutes,
if he desires it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, I do noj
often trouble the House with remarks, and. I
would not do it on this occasion, had it notJteJ?
for the remarks made by the chairman of\tne
Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Olin,] i$
reference to the unanimous report made by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and which he thought
proper to denounce as a tissue of misrepresent-
ations," in his own mild language. ' _
Now, sir, if this measure were pressed thro,uga
as a commercial measure only, I should pot object
to it on that ground; I should object to it only on
account of the present condition of our country
and the want of means. I think it very improper
that the Government should embark in anything
of this kind at a time when we can hardly raise
money to pay our soldiers who are in the^field.
But the feature that i wish to call the attention of
the House to for a single moment, is the claim
that this work is a matter of military necessity,
and that by the opening of this Illinois canal an
avenue will be created from the western rivers to
the lakes, up which gunboats can be taken to de-
fend the lakes. Now, sir, to use the mild lan-
guage of the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, I say that anything of that kind is
a tissue of misrepresentation. Thatiswhatl want
to call the attention of the House to; and I want
to demonstrate it and demolish this claim. I ask
for the reading of the correspondence which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
House of Representatives,
Washington, February 7, 1863.
Dear Sir: I would be glial to have your opinion upon
the following point*, your experience on the ocean, lakes,
and rivers fitting you eminently to give the desired inform-
ation, namely: , .
J. Are the gunboats used on the western waters adapted
to service on the lakes?
2. How would those boats drawing less than six feet
water behave during storms on the lakes?
3. Could boats drawing sufficient waterto give thorn sta-
bility during storms be passed from the Mississippi liver to
the upper Jakes atai! seasons of the year, provided the pro-
posed woi k is finished, drawing six feet six inches of water.
A reply, before twelve o'clock on Monday, is very de-
sirable.
Respectfully, yours, J. K. MOORIIEAD.
Rear Admiral Foote.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting,
February 9, J86U.
Sir: Your letter of the 7th instant, propounding three
questions, referring to the capability of the western gun-
boats for service on the Jakes, has been received; and in
reply I have the honor to state:
1. I do not consider the presentgunboats on the western
nvers at all adapted to encounter the heavy seas to which
vessels on the lakes are often exposed.
2. These boats, modeled as they are, if drawing less' than
six feet water, would not only fall to leeward in heavy
weather, but the greater objection to them arwis from their
being so low in the water, and the exposed condition of
the decks, that the seas breaking over them would peril
their salety by the amount of water rushing below.
3. In itiv opinion, therefore, none of the gunboats con-
structed on the western river^ do possess tho qualities essen-
tial to safe navigation on the lakes at all seasons ot the year;
and I do not believe that gunboats drawing six feet vater
could pass, at the low stage of tho liver, over the shoals
and into the canal as proposed-
Verv respectfullv, your obedient servant,
A. U. FOOTB, Chief of Bureau,
Hon. J. K. Moorhead,
House of Representatives, Washington.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Now, Mr. Speaker, there
is the opinion ofa gentleman who knows all about
this subject; an old commodore who has seen much
sea service and has recently been engaged on the
western waters,and he has authorized me to say
that after he had written that answer to ray letter,
he submitted it to Commodore Davis, and that
Commodore Davis approved of it. Now, I know,
and I suppose that all the practical men in this
House know, that the idea of taking gun boats from
the western livers into the lakes for tho purposes of
naval warfare is preposterous, utterly preposter-
ous. I think the paper that has been read proves
it most cleaily. In his answer to the third inquiry
Admiral Foote says that there is not sufficient
water from the mouth of the Ohio river up to St.
Louis and mouth of the canal at ceitain seasons
of the year to take a boat up. That fact is well
known to western gentlemen, although they have
not seen proper to develop it lu-r.e.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me, i stated the fact on
Saturday,"and f state it again now, that the gun-
boats built at St. Louis 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to any
interruption.
