m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
[February 23.
3Yth Gong....3d Sess.
The Conscription Bill—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho-, of Eeps.
And here is another order to the same effect,
dated "Department of State, Washington, No-
vember 27, 1861," signed by WlHiam H. Seward
himself, and read to the prisoners at Fort Warren
on the 29th of November, 1861:
'* Discountenancing and repudiating all sucti practices"—
The disloyal practice, forsooth, of employing
counsel—
"the Secretary of State desired that all the Slate prisoners
may understand that they art expected to revoke all such en-
gagements now existing and avoid any hereafter, a< they can
only lead to new complications and embarrassments to the
cases of prisoner# on whose behalf (Ae Government might be
disposed to act with liberality •"
Most magnanimous Secretary! Liberality to-
ward men guilty of no crime, but who, though
they had been muiderers or pirates, were entitled
by the plain letter of the Constitution to have
"the assistance of counsel for their defense."
Sir, there was but one step further possible, and
that short stpp wns taken some months la'- r,
when the prisoners of State were required to make
oath,as thecondition of their discharge, that they
would not seek their constitutional and legal rem-
edy in court for the wrongs and outrages inflicted
upon them.
Sir, incredible as all this will seem some years
hence, it has happened, all of it, and moic yet
untold, within the last twenty months, in the Uni-
ted States. Under Executive usurpation, and by
virtue of presidential proclamations and cabinet
orders, it lias been done without law and against
Constitution; and now it is proposed, I repeat, to
sanction and authorize it alt by an equally uncon-
stitutional and void actof Congress. Sir, legisla-
tive tyranny is no more tolerable than Executive
tyranny. It is a vain thing to seek £o cloak all
tills under the false semblance of law. Libcity is
no more guarded or secured, and arbitrary power
nomoreh'dged in and limited here than under
the Executive orders of last summer. We know
what has already been done, and we will submit
to it no longer. Away, then, with your vain
clamorabout disloyalty, your miserable mockery
of treasonable practices. We have read with vir-
tuous indignation in his'ory ages ago of an Eng-
lishman executed for treason, in saying that he
would make his sou heir to the crown,"meaning
of his own tavern-house, which bore the sign of
the crown; and of that other Englishman, whose
favorite buck the king had killed, and who suf-
fered death as a traitor, for wishing, in a fit of
vexation, that the buck, horns and all, were em-
boweled in the body of the king. But what have
we not lived to see in our own time? Sir, not
many months ago, this Administration in iis great
and tender mercy toward thesix hundred and forty
prisoners of State, confined for treasonable prac-
tices, ai Camp Chase near the capital of Ohio, ap-
pointed a commissioner, an extra judicial func-
tionary, unknown to the Constitution and laws,
to hear and determine the cases of the several par-
ties accused, and with power to discharge at his
discretion, or to banish to Bull's Island, in Lake
Erie. Among the political prisoners called be-
fore him was a lad of fifteen, a newsboy upon the
Ohio river, whose only offense pioved, upon in-
quiry, to be that he owed fifteen cents the unpaid
balance of a debt due to his washer-woman—pos-
sibly a woman of color—who had him arrested
by the provost marshal as guilty of " disloyal
piactices." And yet, for four weary months the
jad had lain in that fouland mostloathsome prison,
t.^der military charge, lest, peradventure, he
should overturn the Government of the United
Stales; or, at least, the administration of Abra-
ham Lincoln !
Several AJembers on the Democratic side of
the House. Oil no; the case cannot be possible.
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM. It is absolutely
tine, and it is one only among many such cays.
Why, sir, was not the hump-back carnei of the
jN'ew Yoik Daily .News, a paper edited by a mem-
ber of this House, arrested in Connecticut, for
Belling that paper, and hurried nfFout of the State,
and imprisoned in Fort La Fayette? And yei,
Senators and Representatives, catching up the
hjutal cry of a bloodthiisty but infatuated par-
tisan press, exclaim " the Government has been
too lenient, there ought jo have been more ar-
rests!"
Weil did Hamilton remark that " arbitrary-im-
prisonments have been in all ages the favorite and
most formidable instruments of tyranny;" and,
not less truly, Blackstone declares that they are
*'a less public, a less striking, and therefore a
more dangerous engine of arbitrary government"
than executions upon the scaffold. And yet, to-
night, you seek here, under cloak of an act of
Congress, toauthorize these arrests and imprison-
ments,and thus to renew again that reign of terror
which smote the hearts of the stoutest among us,
last summer, as " the pestilence which walketh
in darkness."
But the Constitution provides further, that
" The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and offset*, agairwt unreasonable searches
and seizuie^, bhail not be vioiatul, and no warrants shall
isMie hut upon probable cau-*e, supported by oath or affirm-
ation, ami particularly describing the place to be searched
and the persons or things to be seized."
Sir, every line, letter, and syllable of this pro-
vision has been repeatedly violated, under pie-
tense of securing evidence of disloyal or treason-
able practices; and now you propose by this bill
to sanction the past violations,and authorize new
and continued infractions in future. Your pio-
vost marshals, your captains of cavalry are to
" inquire into treasonable practices." How? fn
any way, sir, that they may see fit; and of course
by search and seizure of person, house, papers,
or effects; for, sworn and appointed spies and in-
formers as they are, they will be and can be of
no higher character, and no mo re scrupulous of law
or right or decency than their predecessors of last
summer, appointed under Executive proclama-
tions of no more or less validity than this bill which
you seek now to pass into a law. Sir, theie is but
one step further to take. Pat down the peaceable
assembling of the people; the right of petition for
redress of grievances; the " right of the people to
keep and bear army;" and finally the right of suf-
frage and elections, and then these United States,
this Republic of ours, will have ceased to exist.
And that short step you will soon take, if the
States and the people do not firmly and speedily
check you in your headlong plunge mto despotism.
What yet remains? The Constitution declares
that—
"The enumeration in the Constitution of certain right*
shall not be construed to deny or dispaiage others retained
by the people."
And again:
"The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are re-
setv a m the States respectively or to the people."
And yet, under the monstrous doctrine that in
war the Constitution is suspended, and that the
President as Commander-in-Chief, not of the mil-
itary forces only, but of the whole people of the
United States, may,under " the war power,"do
whatever he shall think necessary and proper to
be done, in any State or part of any State, how-
ever remote from the scene of warfare, every right
of the people is violated or threatened ,and every
power.of the States usurped. Their last bulwaik,
the militia, belonging solely to the States when
not called as such into the actual service of the
United States, you now deliberately propose, by
this bill, to sweep away, and to constitute the
President supreme military dictator, with a stand-
ing army of three millions and more at his com-
mand. And for what purpose are the militia to
be thus taken from the power and custody of ihe
States? Sir, the opponents of the Constitution
anticipated all this, and were denounced as raving
incendiaries or distempered enthusiasts.
" The Federal Government"—
Said Patrick Henry, in the Virginia Convention,
" squints towards monarchy. Your President may easily
become a kmg. It ever he violates the laws, writ not the
i recollection oj kU crimes teach him to make one bold push/or
j the American throne ? Will not the immense difference
j between being master of everything and b«- ing ignommi-
i ou^fy tried and punished powentiUj excite Inm to make
j this bold push? But, sir, where is the existing toiceto
I punish lutn? Can he not, at the head of hi- arm), beat
down all opposition? What, then, will become of you and
youi lights? Wit! not absolute despotism ensue?"*
And yet, for these apprehensions, Henry has
been the subject of laughter and pity for seventy
"And the repoiter. unable to follow the vehement orator
of th  Revolution, adds:
" Here, Mr. Henry strongly and pathetically expatiated
on the piobabiltty of the President's enslaving America,
1 aud the horrid consequences ifaai must result*"
years. Sir, the instinctive love of liberty is wiser
and more far-seeing than any phiUsophy.
Hear, now, Alexander Hamilton, in the Fed-
eralist. Summing up what he calls the exagger-
ated and improbable suggestions respecting the
power of calling for the services of the militia,
urged hy the opponentsof the Constitution, whose
writings he compares to some ill-written tale, or
romance full of frightful and distorted shapes, he
"The militia of New Hampshire, they allege, is to be
marched to Georgia; of Georgia to New Hampshire; of
New York to K>ntueky; and of Kentucky to Lake Cham-
plain. Nay, the debts due to the French and Duich arc to
be paid in militia men, instead of LouN d'ors and ducats.
At one moment, there is to be a larce arim to la> prostrate
the liberties of the people; at another moment, the militia
of Virginia are to he dragged from their home*, five or six
hundred miles-, to tame the republican contumacy of Mas-
sachusetts j and that of Massachusetts is to he transported an
equal distance to subdue the tefradory haughtiness of the
aristocratic yirginians. Do person** who rave at this rate
imagine that their eloquence can impose any conceit" or
absurdities upon the people of America for infallible
truths?"
And yet, sir, just three quarters of a century
later we have lived to see tln se ravings, conceits,
and absurdities practiced, or attempted, as calmly
and deliberately as though the power and the right
had been expressly conferred.
And now, sir, listen to the answer of Hamilton
to all this—himself the friend of a strong Govern-
ment, a Senate for life, and an Executive for life,
with the sole and exclusive power over the mili-
tia, to be held by the national Government; and
the Executive of each State to be appointed by
that Government:
11 If there should be an army to be made u?e of as the en-
gine of despotism, what need oi the militia? If there should
be no army, whither wou d the militia^ irritated at being
required to undertake n distant and d'wti easing expeditions
Jor the purpose of riveting the chains of slave) y upon a pa)t
of their countrymen, direct their couise, but to the seats
of the tyrants who had meditatcd so foolish as
wfli, as so wicked a project! to crp-h them in their
imagined in'trenciments of power, and make thkm ah
example of the vengeance of an abusf.d and incensed
people? I* this tile way in which u-urpo's stride to do-
minion over a numerous and enlightened nation?"
Sir, Mr. Hamilton was an earnest, sincere man,
and, doubtless, wrote what he believed; he was
an able man also, and a philosopher; and yet how
little did he foresee, that just seventy-five years
later, that same Government, which lie was striv-
ing to establish, would, in desperate hands, at-
tempt to seize the whole militia of the Union, and
convert them into a standing army, tndtfinite as
to the time of its service, anil for the very purpose
of not only beating down State sovereignties, but
of abolishing even the domestic and social insti-
tutions of the States.
Sir, if your objects are constitutional, you have
power abundantly under the Constitution, with-
out infraction or usurpation. The men who framed
that instrument made it both for war and peace.
Nay, more, they expressly provide for the cases
of insurrection and rebellion. You have ample
power to do all that of right you ought to do—all
that the people, your masters, permit under their
supreme will, the Constitution. Confine, then,
you i selves within these limits, and the rising storm
of popular discontent will be hushed.
But I return, now, again, to the arbitrary ar-
rests sanctioned by this bill, and by that other
consummation of despotism, the indemnity and
suspension bill, now in the Senate. Sir, this is
the very question which, as I said a little while
ago, we made a chief issue befoie the people in
th° late elections. You did, then, distinctly claim
—and you found an Attorney G< m-ral and a few
other venal or very venerable lawyers to defend
the monstrous claim—that the President had the
light to suspend the sviit of habeas corpus; and
that every one of these arrests was l<gal and justi-
fiable. We went before the people with the Con-
stitution and the laws in our hands, and the love
of liberty in our hearts; and the verdict of the
people was rendered against you. We insisted
that Congress alone could suspend the writ of
habeas corpus when, in cases of rebellion or inva-
sion, the public safety might n quire it. And to-
day, sir, tiiat is beginning to be again the acknowl-
edged doctrine. The Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States so ruled in the Merry-
man case; and the supreme court of Wisconsin,
I rejoice to say, bus rendered a like decision; and
