1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ply of breadstuff's at the North would be cut off.
You make clocks and a variety of things both use-
ful and ornamental in New England and New
York, still the people there must have bread, and
that they would be deprived of the moment their
communication was cutoff from the Northwest,
as it would be substantially by losing the com-
mand of the lakes.
But we are told, Mr. Speaker, that this meas-
ure is objectionable as inaugurating a great sys-
tem of internal improvements. I had supposed
that at this late day that bugbear had ceased to
frighten people. I think that all the reflecting men
of this country have come to the conclusion, look-
ing at the philosophy of our present history, that
if there were two wise and great men in our revo-
lutionary period, those men were George Wash-
ington and Alexander Hamilton. 1 think the Amer-
ican world of to-day will agree that these were the
two men who saw furthest into the future, and
who examined all the philosophy of popular gov-
ernment, and saw more clearly the dangers and
difficulties which were likely to disturb our peace
and destroy the perpetuityof ourinstitutions,than
all other public men who have found a place in
our history.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is my deliberate convic-
tion that had the policy of this Government from
its foundation been engaged in every work of in-
ternal improvement calculated to develop the na-
tional resources, and, if need be, for that purpose
to have contracted a large national debt, and bound
the whole country together by all the strength
of civil, social, and commercial ties; if, in other
words, we had adopted a policy calculated to make
us one people, instead of encouraging that narrow,
petty, contemptible policy whose offspring has
been State pride, State sovereignty, and State
rights, the Republic would not to-day be falling
in nuns.
The distinguished chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means has taken occasion to do
what he usually does in this House whenever
opposed to a measure brought before it—not to
meet and overthrow it by argument, but attempt
to bring Joe Miller's resources against it, and
joke it out of the House. Now, I have no objec-
tion to be amused in that way, but I do not think
it very dignified, very statesmanlike, and least of
all do I think it worthy of the gentleman who
stands at the head of the House by his position,
as he certainly does by his great talents.
My friend from Pennsylvania on my right
[Mr. Hickman] has stated that he did not thmk
any member was in earnest in support of this meas-
ure Is there a man here who does not know
that the eight great States of the Northwest have
been built up by the system of canal communica-
tion? Is there a man here who will deny that dur-
ing the last year the railroad companies of New
York and Pennsylvania have levied exorbitant
tribute on the western produce transported on
their lines ? Have they not increased the rates of
transportation thirty or forty per cent, over pre-
vious years?
Mr. TRIMBLE. Wilithegentlemanallowme
to ask him whether he is not aware of the fact that
there has been double the quantity of western
produce shipped to the sea-board last season and
exported to foreign countries than ever was be-
fore, notwithstanding the loss of the Mississippi
river and the Baltimoreand Ohio railroad,andthe
monopoly of the use of the Pennsylvania railroad
by theGovernmentfor the transportation oftroops
and army supplies; and whether this trade was not
done by the New York canals and railroads and
the St. Lawrence river?
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the gentleman if, notwithstanding the immense
freights carried over these railroads, there is not
a surplus which they cannot possibly transport?
Mr.THIMBLE. I am obliged to the gentleman
for that question. It is a fact that there is still a
great deal of produce in the est to be transpoi ted.
But as I remarked on Saturday, if these usual
channels of communication were all open they
would be ample forall purposes oftransportation.
I will also remark, with the leave of the gentle-
man, that these New York and Pennsylvania rail-
roads justify themselves for their large increase m
their price of freights by the large increase in the
expense of running. .
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. And is it not also
a fact that the Grand Trunk railroad is so per-
fectly overburdened with freight that it cannot
carry a tithe of what is required of it?
Mr. OLIN. Upon this subject 1 wish to call
the attention of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Lovejoy,] who, I understand, has some statistics
from the Secretary of the Treasury in reference
to the exports of breadstuff's from the port of
New "Orleans, as compared with the exports of
western breadstuff's from the Atlantic ports, and
which may throw some light upon the statement
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Trimble] the
other day, as to the amount of breadstuff's ordi-
narily shipped down the Mississippi river.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir. I have here a state-
ment that will show the importance of having some
connection with the East, some outlet to the At-
lantic as well as to the Gulf. That we must have
the Mississippi river opened is admitted on all
hands; but these figures will show to every prac-
tical statesman the great importance of an outlet
to the East for our produce.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. I object to any interrup-
tion of the gentleman from New York. We can
get no such courtesy on this side.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is too late to object. The
gentleman from New York has yielded, and I am
in possession of the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman can object at any time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I will pass the figures
to the gentleman from New York, and he can
read them himself.
Mr. OLIN. The statement referred to by the
gentleman from Illinois will show what an entire
misapprehension has existed in reference to the
amount of commerce on the Mississippi river in
comparison with that to the Atlantic sea-board.
Now, si r, without taking up the time of the House
by reading this statement at length, I will remark
that it shows the amount of western breadstuff's
exported from the port of New York, before the
opening of the rebellion, to be three times as great
as that exported from New Orleans, and I desire
the following schedule to be printed in my re-
marks:
Comparative export's of breadstuff's and provisions pom
New Orleans and New York.
1. The annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury for
the year ending August 31, I860, shows the amounts of
breadstuff's and provisions exported to foreign countries
from New Orleans and New York, to be respectively as
f°"01VS: New Orleans. Nem York.
Wheat, bushels  2,J8  I'fgS'om
Wheatflour, barrels  'JHJ
Indian com, bushels  Rfi'n71
Indian meal,barrels  l->8 86,0/3
Pnrk hnrrel«   4,«2dI) juyjO/y
Ilanwaml bacon,pounds  8q='S ^'hs'hI
Butter, pounds  g 14410 717
Ulieese, pounds  88,b9l 14,410,
Lard, pounds 1 'SSJiA
Tallow, pounds    1,90 ?'*W4 912
Skins and furs (dollars)  350 1,394,912
2. From the annual statements reported to the cnami>er
of Commerce of Cincinnati, it appears that in the year end-
ins August 31, 1860, the exports of breadstuff* and provis-
ions from Cincinnati were destined as follows, showing a
proportion exceeding threefold going north and west.
SOUTHWARD. NORTHWARD.
Ports Canal
New Other up and
Orleans. Ports, river, railway.
',i« i3$t
Com «ackr ............ 9 044 14 596 17,786 7,441
I ard' 'barrels'  12,485 1,600 6,006 39,969
larf'kess ....30,037 2,743 3,611 19,310
' 3. The receipts at Chicago of wheat and corn, (includ-
ing flour reduced to bushels,) as shown by the reports of its
Boards of Trade, were as follows: ^ ^
Wheat bushels 16,034,319 22,013,830 21,90-2,765
Corn, "  13,743,172 24,186,382 89,761,026
29,797,481 47,100,11*2 51,663,781
4. The receipts at and exports from New York of wheat
and corn (including floui reduced to bushels) for the year
1862, up to December 1ft, 1862, were as follows:
Wheat and flour, bushels $902,270
Corn, bushels   17,o,8,%0
70,481,230
Exported from New York In the same period:
Wheat and flour, bushels •>/,a4/,0"
Corn, bushels  
49,850,081
But the gentleman says the amount exported j
from New Orle«m  i« not an ind ication of the com- I
merce of the Mississippi; that the grain and bread-
stuffs consumed by the people of the South con-
tiguous to the Mississippi nver are that towhich -
the West mainly look. Mr. Speaker, will any
man pretend to say that the wheat and other prod-
ucts consumed by the city of New Orleans and by
the people contiguous to the Mississippi river are
greater than those Consumed by the cities of New
York, Philadelphia, Boston, and by the people of
New England, who derive their supplies of this
description mainly from the West? Why, sir, the
proportion of corn raised in the southern State#
is vastly greater in proportion to the population
than it is in New England. You can, therefore,
see at once what must be the comparative domes-
tic consumption of these breadstuffs in the two
directions. , ,
I was proceeding to say that these statistics
of the Secretary of the Treasury show that more
than three fourths (prior to the breaking out of
the rebellion) of all the products of the Missis-
sippi valley exported went from the Atlantic
coast rather than from the southern outlet of that
valley.
I assert, then, that this measure will showjust
this: that if you will loan the bonds of the Gov-
ernment, the States in which these works are to
be constructed will undertake to complete them.
Three million five hundred thousand dollars will
enlarge the locks of the Erie and Oswego canal to
about three times its present capacity. If thus
enlarged freights upon it will be proportionally
reduced; that by reason of its limited capacity
and the great abundance of the surplus products
of the West during the past year freights rose
from twenty to even as high as sixty per cent.
Now, I affirm it can be demonstrated that if you
produce no more grain in the future than you did
last year in the great Northwest, if this measure
results in a reduction of freights to the amount
of fifteen cents per bushel of corn, a saving of at
least $16,000,000 each year will be realized from it.
Now, does any man in this House want to be
told, can any human ingenuity avoid the conclu-
sion, that in cheapening the coat of transportation
you increase the value of the article to be trans-
ported, or diminish its price to the consumer? In
other words, to the extent you cheapen the cost
of transportation, just to that extent you increase
the wealth of the country. I know that there is
a certain kind of Democracy that never can look
beyond a wheelbarrow for any contrivance that
shall dispense with manual labor and shall afford
means and facilities for developing the resources of
the country, yet it is by these contrivances and
appliances in the arts and sciences permeating all
the channels of industrial and social life that the
wonderful developments and progress of the coun-
try have been achieved in the last quarter of a cen-
turv.
1 am astonished and mortified to find members on
this floor from my own State opposmga measure of
this kind; especially some from the great commer-
cial metropolis of the nation, one of them claiming
to belong to the Chamber of Commerce of thatcity.
I did not expect opposition from such a source;
much less did I expect the measure would be mis-
represented. Why was he selected as the instru-
ment to print and circulate all over this country,
and mislead the public mind so far as anybody
would pay attention to it, a document stating that
this is a measure proposmg to spend over twenty
million dollars for enlarging the locks of the Erie
and Oswego canals ? MMiy, did not he know bet-
tor ? The government of the State of New York
has never asked for more than $3,500,000 for this
purpose. No one here has asked it. Why then
was it necessary to represent that New York was
here, in one sense, seeking to perpetrate a fraud;
while pretending to ask but for $3,500,000, really
was asking for §20,000,000?
I inadvertently stated the other day that it was
pretended in that report that $30,000,000 was
required to complete the proposed enlargement,
and was furiously called to order for it. But
$30,000,000 is scarcely a more gross exaggeration
than §20,000,000. This gentleman states that
New York alone was here demanding $20,000,000
to be squandered upon this project. Now, he
ought to know better. He ought to know that
no'measure had been before the House asking or
demanding any such thins. And why was it ne-
cessary to send such a document as that to the
Ohio Legislature, or elsewhere, for them to resolve
