180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
inspectors, who shall, immediately after the pas-
sage of this act, be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and,consent of tlfe Sen-
ate, without regard to their r'an'k when so selected,
but with sole regard to qualifications, and who
shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments now
authorized by law to officers of that grade.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers of the medical inspector's .department shall
be charged, in addition to the dutle'a now assigned
to them by existinglaws, with the duty of making
regular and frequent inspections of all military
general hospitals and convalescent camps, and
shall, upon each such inspection, designate to the
surgeon in charge of such hospitals or camps, all
soldiers who may be, in their opinion, fit sub-
jects for discharge from the service, on surgeon's
certificate of disability, or sufficiently recovered
to be returned to their regiments for duty, and
shall see that such soldiers are discharged or so
returned. And the medical inspecting officers are
hereby empowered, under such regulations as may
be hereafter established, to direct the return to
duty, or the discharge from service, as the case
may be, of all soldiery designated by them.
Approved, December 27, 1862.
Chap. VI.—An Act for the Admission of the State
of West Virginia into the Union, and for other
purposes.
Whereas the people inhabiting that portion of
Virginia known as West Virginia did, by a con-
vention assembled in the city of Wheeling on the
twenty-sixth of November, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, frame for themselves a constitution
with a view of becoming a separate and inde-
pendent State; and whereas at a general election
held in the counties composing the territory afore-
said on the third day of May last, the said con-
stitution was approved and adopted by the quali-
fied voters of the proposed State; and whereas
the Legislature of Virginia, by an act passed on
the thirteenth day of May, eighteen hundred and
vsixty-two, did give its consent to the formation
of anew State within the jurisdiction of the said
State of Virginia, to be known by the nnine of
West Virginia, and to embrace the following
named counties, to wit: Hancock, Brooke, Ohio,
Marshall,Wetzel, Marion, Monongalia, Preston,
Taylor, Tyler, Pleasants, Ritchie, Doddridge,
Harrison, Wood, Jackson, Wirt, Roane, Cal-
houn, Gilmer, Barbour, Tucker, Lewis, Braxton,
Upshur, Randolph, Mason, Putnam, Kanawha,
Clay, Nicholas, Cabell, Wayne, Boone, Logan,
Wyoming, Mercer, McDowell, Webster Poca-
hontas, Fayette, Raleigh, Greenbrier, Monroe,
Pendleton, Hardy, Hampshire,and Morgan; and
whereas both the convention and the Legislature
aforesaid have requested that the new State should
be admitted into the Union, and the constitution
aforesaid being republican in form, Congress doth
hereby consent that the said forty-eight counties
may be formed into a separate aud independent
State: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Ainericain Congress
assembled, That the State of West Virginia be, and
is hereby, declared to be one of the United States
of America, and admitted into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States in all respects
whatever, and until the next general census shull
be entitled to three members in the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States: Provided always,
That this act shall not take effect until afw r the
proclamation of the President of the United States
hereinafter provided for.
It being represented to Congress that since the
convention of the twenty-sixth of November, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, that framed and pro-
posed the constitution for the said State of West
Virginia, the people thereofhave expressed a wish
to change the seventh section of the eleventh arti-
cle of said constitution by striking out the same
and inserting the following in its place, namely:
" The children of slaves born within the limits of
this State after the fourth day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, shall be fiee; and that
ail slaves within the said State who shall, at the
time aforesaid, be under the age often years, shall
be free when they arrive at the age of twenty-one
yesand all slaves over ten and under twenty-
one years shall be free when they arrive at the age
of • twenty-five years; and no slave shall bg per-
mitted to cqme into the State for permanent resi-
dence'therein:" Therefore,
Sec. 2. Be itfurther enacted, That wheneverthe
people of West Virginia shall, through their said
convention, and by a vote to be taken at an elec-
tion to be held within the limits of the said State,
at such time as the convention may provide, make,
and ratify the change aforesaid, and properly cer-
tify the same under the hand of the president of the
convention, it shall be lawful for the President of
the United States to issue his proclamation stating
the fact, and thereupon this act shall take effect and
be in force from and after sixty days from the date
of said proclamation.
Approved, December 31, 1862.
Chap. VII.—An Act to improve the Organization
of the Cavalry Forces.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmtricain Congress
assembled. That hereafter each regiment of cavalry
organized in the United States service may have
two assistant surgeons, and each company or troop
of cavalry shall have from sixty to seventy-eight
privates.
Approvep, January 6, 1863.
Chap. IX.—An Act prescribing the Times and
Places for holding Terms of tiie Circuit Court
for the Districts of Iowa, Minnesota, and Kan-
sas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amerirain Congress
assembled, That the terms of the circuit court for
the districts of Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas,
shall be holden in each and every year at the fol-
lowing times and places, to wit: For the district
of Iowa, at Des Moines, on the first Tuesday in
May and November; for the district of Minne-
sota, at St. Paul, on the third Monday of June
and October; and for the district of Kansas, at
the place prescribed by law for holding terms of
the district court therein, on the fourth Monday
of May and November.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted^ That all writs,
process, and other pioceedings of whatever kind
relative to any cause, civil or criminal, pending
in or returnable to the circuit court for said dis-
tricts of Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas, at terms
heretofore prescribed by law, are hereby declared
continued, transferred, and returnable to the said
circuit court for said districts, respectively, at the
terms first to be held under the provisions of this
act. And no process issued, proceeding pending,
bail-bond or recognizance taken in or returnable
to either of said circuit courts shall be avoided,
invalidated, or impaired by the change in the time
or place of holding the terms of such court made
by this act; and the entries of record may be made
in conformity with the provisions of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted t That so much
of the fust section of an act to amend the act of
the thud of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, entitled " An act supplementary to the act
entitled ' An act to amend the judicial system of
the United States,' " approved July fifteen, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, as conflicts with this
act be, and is hereby, repealed.
i Approved, January 13, 1863
| Chap. X.—An Act to provide for the Imprison-
| mt*nt of Persons convicted of Crime by the
Criminal Court of the District of Columbia,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amcrica in Congress
assembled, That all persons who shall heieafter be
convicted by the criminal court of the District of
Columbia of any offense the punishmentof which
by law shall be confinement in the penitentiary
shall be confined during the term for which they
shall be sentenced by said court in some suitable
prison in a convenient State, where they can be
employed at suitable labor, to be designated by
the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That it shall i
be the duty of the Secretary of the interior to con- '
tract with the managers or superintendent of a
suitable prison in some convenient State for the I
imprisonment and subsistence and proper em-
ployment of all prisoners who shall be convicted
in said court of-such offenses on the best terms
that he can; and he.shall, on or before the first
day of each term of the criminal court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, inform said court in writing of
the designation and location of the prison in which
he shall have made provision for the confinement
and support of prisoners; and said court shall sen-
tence all persons who shall during said term be
convicted of such offenses to confinementat hard
labor in the prison so designated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
make suitable provision for the safe transporta-
tion of all prisoners to the prfeon to which they
shall be sentenced by the court; and until they
shall be so transported they shall be confined in
the jail of Washington city.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the action
of the Secretary of the Interior in transferring the
prisoners confined in the penitentiary of the Dis-
trict of Columbia to the penitentiary in the city
of Albany, in the State of New York, in the month
of September last, by direction of the President,
is hereby legalized and declared valid, and the
said prisoners shall continue in confinement in
said prison until the expiration of their several
terms of imprisonment, or until they shall be
legally discharged.
Sec . 5. And be it further enacted, That all appro-
priations heretofore made for the support or the
prisoners in the penitentiary of the District of
Columbia, or for the payment of watchmen, la-
borers, and officers connected with said peniten-
tiary, and all appropriations which shall hereafter
be made for the expenses and support of prison-
ers convicted in the District of Columbia shall be
applied, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, to defray the expenses of transport-
ing to and subsisting prisoners in any prison se-
lected by him, as before provided for their con-
finement. The Secretary of the Interior shall also
cause to be paid from such appropriations the sum
of tpn dollars to each prisoner when he or she shall
be legally discharged, to enable such prisoner to
reach the point he or she may wish to go to.
Sec. 6. And beitfurther enacted, That whenever
a suitable penitentiary shall be erected in the Dis-
trictof Columbia, and completed for the reception
of prisoners, it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Interior to cause to be transferred to such
penitentiary all pesons who shall tnln be impris-
oned outside of the District of Columbia under
sentence of the criminal court of said District.
Approved, January 16, 1863.
Chap. XI,—An Act making Appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprej
sentativesof the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and mu-
sicians, one hundred and seventeen thousand one
hundred and seventy-six dollars.
For commutation of subsistence, five hundred
and forty-seven dollars and fifty cents.
For pay in lieu of clothing to officers' servants,
three thousand six hundred and seventy-three
dollars and fifty cents.
For current and ordinary expenses, as follows:
repairs and improvements, fuel and apparatus,
forage, postage, telegrams, stationery, transpor-
tation, printing, clei ks, miscellaneous an'd inci-
dental expenses, and departments of instruction,
thirty-nine thousand seven hundred and five dol-
lars.
For gradual increase and expense of library,
one thousand dollars.
For expenses of the board of visitors, four
thousand dollars.
For forage of artillery and cavalry horses, five
thousand dollars.
For supplying horses for artillery and cavalry
exercise, one thousand dollars.
