THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
cupatiori of rebel forces,and was in a state almost
of revolution, certainly of rebellion. When the
army of the Union took possession of New Or-
leans and expelled the rebel usurpation, it drove
out, its early as May last, from those entire dis-
tricts, the rebel power. They left whatever of
Union sentiment there was there the opportunity
to develop itself, and left a love for the Union, if
any existed there, to grow and to strengthen its
hold upon the people.
• On an invitation to the people to renew their
allegiance to the Government of the United S|ates
in the course of last summer, more than sixty
thousand of the citizens enrolled themselves and
took the oath of allegiance. In order to preserve
peace, and to enforce good order and such laws
and regulations of society as were absolutely ne-
cessary while the State authority was held in abey-
ance, the President clothed one of his brigadier
generals with the authority of military governor
of the whole State of Louisiana early in the sum-
mer. From that time to this he has been discharg-
ing all the functions which would ordinarily be
discharged by the Governor of the State of Louis-
iana under the same circumstances. He has issued
Writs. He has appointed such officers of the
law as the real Governor of the State would ap-
point. He has enforced order in like manner as
the Governor of the State would enforce it. He
has regulated the municipal affairs of the State
after the manner and in the form required by the
constitution and laws of Louisiana. Governing
himself by the requirements of that instrument
and of those laws, he has gone on, to all intents
and purposes, as the Governor of Louisiana.
There was no evidence before the committee, and
the committee believes that none exists, that any
Union man in Louisiana resists in any manner
this exercise by the military governor of the civil
functions of the Governor of Louisiana.
The constitution of Louisiana requires that
when any vacancy shall occur in the office of
Representative in Congress, from death or other-
wise, the Governor shall by proclamation call a
special election. In obedience with that require-
ment of the constitution of Louisiana, and on the
earnest solicitation of large numbers of voters in
those two congressional districts, the military gov-
ernor called an election by proclamation in those
two congressional districts, to be held on the 3d
of December last. The result of that election
was: in the first district, a vote of 2,643; of which
Mr. Flanders received 2,370, and all others 273.
In the election in the second district, Mr. Hahn
received 2,799 votes, and all others 2,318, a total
of 5,117.
It is on the strength of these elections that these
gentlemen present themselves and ask for seats
in this House. The requirements of the law of
Louisiana were all observed with the exception
of the matter of the military governor. The ap-
pointment of commissioners of election, the man-
ner of polling the vote, the precincts at which the
votes were polled, the police regulations ensuring
peace and good order at the election, the means
of preventing illegal voting and fraud, all of the
details, down to the minutest municipal regula-
tions, were observed at the polls on that day.
Previous to the election, from the time the
proclamation was issued, there was all the ordi-
nary canvass attendant on election for members
of Congress. Political meetings wereheld in the
city hall and at different parts of the city of New
Orleans, and in the parishes. The merits of the
candidates were discussed openly and with the
same earnestness, zeal, and bitterness, if that
were necessary, that attend congressional elec-
tions under the most favorable circumstances.
Men presented themselves as candidates. Their
merits were canvassed. Some candidates with-
drew themselves, and others were withdrawn by
their friends.
All had an opportunity to be voted for and to
vote, who had not rendered themselves ineligible
according to the act of Congress passed at last ses-
sion. There was no interference ofthe military.
There was no voting of soldiers. There was an
entire absence of soldiers from the polls. There
was the ordinary complaint that men in official
position in the municipality urged men to vote
particular tickets; and men who were unsuccess-
ful at the polls felt that undue influence was ex-
erted in certain quarters in behalf of certain can-
didates; but not reaching to the military. There
were precisely those evidences that always at-
tend a thorough and genuine election for a mem-
ber of Congress.
The vote was a large one. In the first district
where at the previous election only 5,000 votes
had been polled, there were 2,643 votes polled. In
the second district, where the votes at the previous
election had been about 10,000, there were over
5,000 votes polled.
Mr. HARRISON. I wish to inquire of my
friend from Massachusetts whether there was any
testimony before the Committee of Elections upon
the question as to whether there was any inter-
ference by the military authorities to prevent a
free and untrammeled choice by the electors voting
at the election in question ?
Mr. DAWES. There was the testimony of
one unsuccessful candidate in one of the districts;
and there was also the volunteer testimony of sev-
eral gentlemen who were here in the city from
New Orleans. The unsuccessful candidate who
came before the committee complained, as 1 have
just stated, that he thought the street commis-
sioner exercised in the first district an undue in-
fluence upon the voters, especially those in his em-
ploy in cleaning the streets; but neither he, nor
any other person who was called before the com-
mittee, claimed that there was the least inter-
ference of the military in the matter of the elec-
tion. I think the Committee of Elections were
particularly attentive to that point. I do not think
any member of the committee would, for a mo-
ment, give countenance to an election in which
they had evidence of the presence of a military
power. I, certainly, speaking for myself, would
say that no reason would be stronger with 'me
than the evidence that the military had directly or
indirectly been present at the polls in any shape
whatever, for nothing seems to be so fatal to the
freedom of elections as the presence of a military
power.
I know it got abroad that thegeneral command-
ing in one instance interfered with a gentleman
who had offered himself as a candidate for this
place in one of those districts—in the second dis-
trict, in which Mr. Hahn was elected. But it ap-
pears upon an examination of the facts that the
gentlemaii alluded to had beenamemberof the con-
vention in Louisiana which passed a secession or-
dinance, and had signed that ordinance, had gone to
his home in Louisiana, and up to a certain time had
taken a position with the enemies of the Govern-
ment. Afterwards he joined the Union party and
put himself up as a candidate for Congress. He
was asked if he could take the oath required after
the passage of the law which we passed last sum-
mer. And it is fair to say that the major general
advised him not to run; that it was desirable that
whoever came hereto present credentials as a Rep-
resentative should bring the strongest show ofthe
largest number of voters, both for the effect it
might have upon the Union cause there and upon
the Union cause all over the country. The evi-
dence to the committee was satisfactory that this
gentleman saw the importance of that suggestion
and voluntarily withdrew from the canvass. And
he supported the gentleman who was elected.
Let me say further that the gentleman who was
elected was—I will not exactly say unfriendly—
but was not the candidate of those who supported
the major general then commanding—a perfectly
conclusive fact upon the question whether he or
those in military command interfered at all in the
election. If they had, of course they would not
have permitted a gentleman to have been elected
very lately over the candidate "who was put in
nomination by the special friends of the major
general commanding. So that I think it may be
said to be conclusively'shown that the military
interfered in no respect and in no particular with
this election. The committee, as is stated in their
report, found no difficulty whatever in coming to
the conclusion that these gentlemen were entitled to
be admitted to seats upon this floor, except the fact
that the election was called by a military governor.
These gentlemen, both of them, received a larger
poll than any other who has been admitted into
the House from any of the seceded States, by
virtue of any election held after the inauguration
of the rebellion.
I was stating when interrupted that it was a
large vote. It was just about fifty per cent, of the
regular vote in ordinary times of peace and quiet
before the rebellion. There had been enlisted into
the Army of the Union about two thousand men
in those two districts; and two full regiments of
Louisiana volunteers had also been elisted, mak-
ing about four thousand Union soldiers. The
number who had gone into the armies of the re-
bellion from these districts was variously esti-
mated at from five to ten thousand. Taking a
low estimate there must have been as many as
nine or ten thousand men in both armies; and es-
timating the usual number of voters among these,
and the usual vote cast at preceding elections,
would be just about made up. So that this had
every essential of a regular election in a time of
most profound peace, with the exception of the
fact that the proclamation was issued by the mil-
itary instead of the civil governor of Louisiana.
Thequestion then came upbefore the committee
whether these two districts should be denied a rep-
resentation in this House from that cause. And
the committee were led to inquire what were the
powers of a military governor, and how far the
civil functions which he exercises are to be held
valid, or at least be recognized by this House.
The committee sought, as the House well knows,
to obtain from the President what sort of a com-
mission be clothed this military governor with—
without success however. The office of military
governor is not very clearly defined. I suppose
it has its origin in necessity. There is an abso-
lute necessity for some person under the circum-
stances in which we found ourselves in New
Orleans, to discharge precisely the functions dis-
charged by this governor. He must of couse take
his authority not from the constitution of Louis-
iana or the laws of the State, for neither the con-
stitution of Louisiana nor the laws of that State
contemplated such an exigency as was upon the
people there; nor have the laws of the United
States. They have never contemplated that the
Governor of Louisiana should turn traitor and
abdicate the office of Governor under the constitu-
tion and laws of the State.
What, then, of the acts of this military gov-
ernor are to be recognized? That he has dis-
charged every day there civil as well as military
functions cannot be denied. A military governor
is not entirely unknown to the law, even in this,
country. The Supreme Court ofthe United States
has recognized not only the power of the Presi-
dent of the United States to appoint a military
governor, but has recognized both his military
and civil functions as binding in law. They have
not undertaken, it is true, to say how far, as a
military man, he may discharge the functions of
the civil governor. So far as they have had oc-
casion to pass, they have limited them as near as
may be to the line of necessity. They have, how-
ever, given full force and effect to the acts of a mil-
itary governor, when acting in a civil capacity.
When a military governor was appointed for the
Territory of California before it was admitted as
a State into the Union, he was obliged, from that
same necessity constantly to discharge civil func-
tions, and civil functions of a variety of charac-
ter, for which we have no authority except that
of necessity. These have come under the cog-
nizance ofthe Supreme Court of the United States,
and they have pronounced them valid even to the
extent of imposing duties and collecting revenue
by a collector of a port appointed by the mili-
tary governor, and who continued in the discharge
of his functions, imposing duties and collecting
revenue, even after that port had been embraced
within a collection district, and a collector had
been appointed in accordance with the require-
ments of the statute. So that, to some extent,
certainly we have the highest authority for the
validity of the civil functions of a military govern-
ment.
The question comes, what is the limit; or,
rather, the practical question is at this moment,
whether these particular functions, exercised un-
der these ciicumstances, are of such a character
as to deserve to be recognized by this House at
this time? Those who believe that he cannot
exercise civil functions of course strike at all of
his acts, and upturn all that he has done during
the exercise of his power in New Orleans. They
pronounce invalid all of his acts, even to the judg-
ments of the courts and the executions-of those
judgments, the enforcing of police regulations and
the collection of debts; in other words, they rev-
olutionize anew and break up the order of things
established there, and create anew chaos, I sup*
