1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CHLOBE.
181
Laws of the United States.
37ih Cong. .. .•3d
For repairs of officers' quarters, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For targets and batteries for artillery exercise,
one hundred dollars.
For furniture foi hospital for cadets, one hun-
dred dollars.
For annual repairs of gas-pipes and retorts,
three hundred dollars.
For kitchen of cadets' mess hall, two thousand
dollars.
For furniture for soldiers' hospital, two hun-
dred and ninety-two dollars.
For replacing roofs of academic buildings, four
thousand dollars: Provided^ That the walls of said
buildings are, in the opinion of the superintend-
ent, strong, enough to bear the weight of a slate
roof.
For fire apparatus, three thousand dollars.
Approved, January 23, 1863.
Chap. XIII.—An Act to amend the Act entitled
"An Act to amend the Act of the third March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,entitled 'An
Act supplementary to the Act ctttitled ' An Act
to amend the Judicial System of the United
States.'"
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congi'ess
assembled, That fiom and after the passage of this
act the districts of Ohio and Michigan shall con-
stitute the seventh circuit, and the district of Illi-
nois, the district of' Indiana, and the district of
Wisconsin, shall constitute the eighth circuit.
Approved, January 28, 1863.
Chap. XIV.—An-Act to provide for the Printing
of the Annual Report of the Banks of the Uni-
ted States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause the annual report
upon the banks of the United States to be com-
pleted at as early a day before the first Monday
in October in each year as js practicable.
Sec. 2. Jhid be it farther enacted, Tliat when
completed, or in the course of its progress to-
wards completion, if that will give dispatch to the
business, the work of printing, under the super-
intendence of said Secretary, shall be commenced,
and the whole shall be printed and ready for de-
livery, on or before the fust day of December
next ensuing the close of the year to which the
report relates.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That until
Congress shall otherwise direct, the Secretary of
the Treasury shall cause to be printed five thou-
sand copies of said repoi t for the use of Congiess
and of the Tieasury Department.
Approved, January 30, 1863.
Chap. XVII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the paym^ntof Invalid and other Pensions
of the United States for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled. That the following sums be, and the
sam'i are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment of pensions for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four:
For Army invalid pensions under various acts,
three million dollars.
For pensions to revolutionary soldiers, and the
widows of those who served in the revolutionary
war, under acts of eighteenth March, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, fifteenth May, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, and seventh June,
eighteen hundred and thirty two, the third section
of the act of fourth July, eighteen hurdred and
thirty-six, the acts of seventh July, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-ehrht, third March, eighteen hun-
dred and forty three, seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-four, second February and
twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, and second section act of thitd February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, two hundred and
fifty ,find dollars.
For pensions to widows and orphans, under
first section act fourth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, act of twenty-nrst July, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, first section act of third Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred [and] fifty-three, act third
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and act
fourteenth July, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
three million eight hundred thousand dollars.
For Navy invalid pensions, one hundred and
thirty-five thousand dollars.
For Navy pensions to widows and orphans)
under act of eleventh August, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, and fourteenth July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, live hundred thousand
dollars.
For privateer invalid pensions, three hundred
dollars: Provided, That no pension shall be paid
under this act to any person who has been en-
gaged in the present rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or lias in any way
given aid and comfort to those engaged ill the
rebellion.
Approved, February 3,1863.
Chap. XIX.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Consular and Diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the following sums be, anu the
same are hereby,appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, minis-
ters, and commissioners of the United States at
Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain,
Austria, Brazil, Mexico, China, Italy, Chili,
Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Rome, Belgium,
Holland, Denmark, Sweden,Turkey, New Gre-
nada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Guatemala,
Nicaragua, Sandwich Islands, Costa Rica, Hon-
duras, Argentine Confederation, Paraguay, and
Japan, three hundred and one thousand dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, thirty
thousand dollars.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of legation
at London and Paris, three thousand dollars.
For salary-of the interpreter to the legation to
China, five thousand doliais.
For salary of the secretary of legation to Tur-
key, acting as interpreter, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of ail the missions
abroad, sixty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
eighty thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, three thousand dollars.
For expenses of the consulates in the Turkish
dominions, namely, interpreters, guards, and
other expenses of the consulates at Constanti-
nople, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, and Beiiut,
two thousand five hundred doliais.
Foi the'ielief and piotection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of the masters and
crews of foreign vessels m rescuing citizens of
the United States from shipwreck, five thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of blank-books, stationery,
arms of the United States, seals, piesscs, and
flags, and for the payment of postages, and mis-
cellaneous expenses of the consuls of the United
States, forty-five thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls general, con-
suls, and commercial agents who are not allowed
to trade, including loss by exchange thereon,
forty-one thousand eight hundred and ninety
dollars. •
For salaries of consuls general at Quebec,
Calcutta, Alexandria, Havana, Constantinople,
Fran kfort-on-t he-Main; consuls at Kanagawaand
| Nagasaki, ni Japan, Liverpool, London, Mel-
j bourne, Hong-Kong, Glasgow, Mauritius, Sin-
! gaporc, Belfast, Cork, Dundee, Demarnra, Hali-
fax, Kingston, (Jamaica,) I*eeds, Manchester,*
Nassau,(New Providence,) Southampton,Tui&is
Island, Prince Edward's island, Havre, Paris,f
Marseilles, Bordeaux, £aRochelle, Lyons,$£$£7
cow, Odessa, Revel, St. Petersburg, Matanzas*
Trinidad de Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, Sah JuVv
(Porto Rico,) Cadiz, Malaga, Popce, (porta
Rico,) Trieste, Vienna, Aix-la-Chapelle,. pan-
ton, Shanghai, Fouchou* Amoy, Ningpo, Beirut,
Smyrna, Jerusalem, Rotterdam, Amsterdam,Ant-
werp, Funchal, Oporto, Saint Thomas, Elsineur*
Genoa, Basic, Geneva, Messina, Naples, Paler-
mo, Leipsic, Munich, Leghorn, Stuttgardt,, Bre-
men, Hamburg, Tangiers, Tripoli, Tunis, Rio de
Janeiro, Pernambuco, Vera Cruz, Acapulco, Cfrl-
lao, Valparaiso, Buenos Ayres, San Juan del Sur,
Aspinwall, Panama, Laguayra, Honolulu, La,-
haina, Capetown, Falkland Islands,Venice,Stet-
tin, Candia, Cyprus, Batavia, Fayal, Santiago,
(Cape de Vei;ds,) Sainte Croix, Spezzia, Athens,
Zanzibar, Bahia, Maranham Island, Para, Rio
Grande, Matamorns, Guayamas, Mexico, (city,)
Tamnico, Paso del JNorte, Tabasco, Paita,Tum-
bez, Talcahuane, Carthogena, Sabanillo, Omoa,
Guayaquil, Cobija, Montevideo, Tahiti, Bay bt
Islands, Apia, Lanthala, Bristol, Cardiff, Malta,
Saint John, (Newfoundland,) Saint John, (New
Brunswick,) Pictou, (Nova Scotia,) La Union,
Barbadoes, Bermuda, Antigua, Nantes, Napo-
leon-Vendee, Nice, Lisbon, Gottenburg,Tehuan-
tepec, Santos, Saint Catherine, Balize, Gaspe
Basin, Valencia, Port Mahon, Martinique, Ta-
ranto, Santunder, Galatz, Bilbao, Scto, Para-
maribo, Macao, Stockholm, Ancona, Otranto,
Swatow, La Paz, Bergen, Trinidad, Barcelona,
Gtuebec, Maricaibo,Algiers, San Domingo,(city,)
Monrovia, Cape Haytien, Aux Cayes, and New-
castle-upon-Tyne; commercial agents at San
Juan del Norte, Saint Paul de Loando, (An-
gola,) Gaboon, Saint Marc, Cura§oa, and Amoor
River, including the loss by exchange thereon,'
four hundred and sixteen thousand three hun-
dred and fifty-four dollars and thirty-four cents;
and the salary of the consul at Guayamas shall
be fifteen hundred dollars per annum, to com-
mence on the fifth day of August, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one: -Provided, That the amount
due to the late William L. Baker be paid to his
widow.
For interpreters to the consulates in China, in-
cluding loss by exchange thereon, five thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For expenses incurred, under instructions from
the Sectetary of Slate, in bringing home from for-
eign countries persons charged with crime, and
expenses incident thereto, ten thousand dollars.
For salaries of the marshals for the consular
courts in Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, in-
cluding loss by exchange thereon, nine thousand
dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts in
Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, and for wages
of the keepers ofthe same, nine thousand dollars.
For salaries of commissioners and consuls-gen-
eral to Hayti and Liberia, eleven thousand five
hundred dollars.
For expenses under the actofCongress to carry
into effect the treaty between the United States
and her Britannic Majesty for the suppression
ofthe African slave trade, passed July eleventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, seventeen thou-
sand dollars.
Approved, February 4, 1863.
Chap. XX—An Act in relation to Commis-
sioned Officers of the United States Revenue
Cutter Service.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the UnitedStates of America in Congress
assembled, That the commissioned officers ot the
United States revenue cutler service shall be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the
grades of engineers shall be chief engineers, first
and second assistant engineers, with the pay and
relative rank of first, second, and third heuten-
antsf respectively.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That the wages
of pettyofficersand crew shall notexceed theaver-
asre wa^res paid for like services on the Atlantic
