THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1863.
New Series No. 53.
pose to show wuh what skill they can restore
again from chaos law and older.
The question arises^iow we can from chaos
draw anew law and order except on the assump-
tion at some point of the power by some person.
Inasmuch as the constitution of Louisiana, or
the laws or the Constitution of the United States,
inasmuch as they have all failed to provide for
such a contingency, one of two things must be:
the chaos must obtain forever in that State; we
must wait tor the return of the traitor Governor
of Louisiana to loyalty and to the discharge of
the functions of his office; or somebody must
assume at some point authority to set the wheels
of the government again in motion. U has
always been the practice of the House in the ab-
sence, from any cause whatever, of the civil gov-
ernment, to set if. in motion, and to recognize as
being necessary and assuming to be lawful that
winch some man may assume to perform. The
committee did not see any good reason for making
that assumption nt one point or at another; but
wherever it may have sprung up, provided that
the loyal people acquiesce in it and regatd it as
legal, and provided that it confined itself to the
necessities of ihe case, to set the law and the Con-
stitution itself in motion at the earliest possible
period of time. The people must be satisfied
with it. It did not seem to us that it made a
difference whether they recognized U atone point
or another. So this House lias olten set the ex- j
ample that it is a mailer of mdiilerence at what j
point the assumption is made. |
Mr. MAYiNARD. i ask the gentleman from j
Massachusetts to allow me a few moments on !
this question at this point, if it is his intention to
call lor the previous question when he has closed
his rematks.
Mr. DAWES. I do not intend to call for the
previous question. Mr. Hahn desires also to
sptak on the repoitof the Committee of Elections.
Mr. Speaker, 1 was saying, when interrupted,
that Congress itself had set the example of lee-
ognizmg as legal the war-exercising authority m
different stages of this rebellion m the different
Slates, provided that they could be satisfied ihut
these acts resulted Irom necessity, and were ac-
quiesced in by the people. The {Senate, in recog-
nizing the case of a new Legislature ot Virginia,
started, imp! ovised — i will not say that that is die
opinion, although i euteitam the opinion; it im-
provised in Western Vitgima a Legislature which
sent two Senatois, bunging wuh them the seal of
the State and the name of a new government al-
most not an hour old. 'lhey reiused to inquire
into the legality of the proceed ings and the author-
ity uuder which tins government acted, falling
back on the question whether it was nut a bona
fide government, whether wisely or not it is quite ,
luo late for us to say now, for following that up j
the House recognized the authority ot that very ;
government. We recognized the authority of the ]
Governor to hold elections, lie made his piocla- j
mation, issued his writs ot election, and elections j
Were held undej' them; and, sir, the members ,
elected at those elections aie now sitting m this j
House. The right to iheir seats is traced directly
to that point.
Mr. WICKLiFFE. Was not that Governor
elected by the people?
Mr. DAWES. INot until long after the trans-
actions I have alluded to.
Mr. WlCKLiFFE. Then how was he made
Goveinoi ?
Mr. DAWES. He was appointed Governor
by a convention.
Mr. WiCiiFlFFE. Convention of the people?
Mr. DAWES. A general convention, who
claimed to repies«nt the people.
Mr. W iCKLlFFE. Yes, sir; they represented
the people theie.
Mr. DAWES. Precisely as I have said before,
tiiat in what ioim and m what manner that as-
sumption of power is obtained, it has no authonty
of constitutional law behind it. It is oiUmai ily
done through the machinery of a convention; but
there is no constitutional law, no law of any kiuds
53
that clothes such a convention with any more
authority than a mass meeting of New Orleans,
where the whole body of voteis assembled.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is not the dis-
tinction, that in the case he speaks of the govern-
ment was a provisional government of the people
and purely a civil government?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know what my friend
calls a provisional government. It was a provis-
ional government that provided for the necessities
of the case. In that sense it was a provisional
government. It was born of a mass meeting. The
man who came from that body is Governor of Vir-
ginia. He is clothed with powers as commander-
in-chief as well as with those of civil Governor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Still he was a
civil Govetnor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oblige me with the law
that confers the authority on these military gov-
ernors. Who confers that power? Who creates
the jurisdiction ? And what are the limitations of
the powers of a military governor?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has not done
me the honor to listen to what I have said, or else
I have failed to make myself understood.
Mr. WICKLiFFE. I beg the gentleman's
paidon.
Mr. HARRISON. If there hod been an act-
ing civil Governor of the State of Louisiana at
the time these elections were ordered, would he
have been authorized by the laws of the State of
Louisiana to have issued a proclamation direct-
ing such elections to be held in these districts at
the time the elections in question were held ?
Mr. DAWES. There is no doubt about that.
If the gentleman will read the report, he will find
the authority to the Governor of the State.
Mr. HARRISON. I find that section thirty-
three of the election law of Louisiana pi ovules—
" Tlial incase of vacancy by d*ath or otherwise in th^saul
office nf Representative between the gctictal elections it
shall be the duty oi tlu- Governor, by proclamation, loesu^e
an flection to be held aceoidwg to law to fill the va-
cancy."
I understand the fact in this case to be that
these elections were ordered to be held to fill va-
cancies alleged to have aiisen by reason of the
failure to elect members of Congress in Novem-
ber, 1^1, that being the time prescribed by the
laws of Louisiana for the regular election of mem
bers of Congress. Does the section of the law
which I have quoted provide for the precise case
we have here? * %
Mr. DAWES. The law is as it has been read.
That is, if during the two years for which the Rep-
| resfr'tuative in Congress it. elected the vacancy shall
occur from any ' ause whatever, then it is the duty
of tin- Governor by proclamation to call an election
to fill that vacancy.
Where the time prescribed by the regular law
for the election of a Representative to Congress
passes, for any reason whatev« r,and there is no-
body in office, there is a vacancy which the Gov-
ernor of a State is r« quired to fill. ! think the
office is quite as empty with nobody in it as if
somebody had been in it a part of the term and
then died. The House has passed upon that ques-
tion heretofore. The question was up for discus-
sion in this Hall in one of the Virginia cases, and
the point was taken by the claimant in the House
,! that there could not be a vacancy unless the office
ii had been once filled; but the Hou.se thought oth-
;j erwise, and 1 think the House was right
j! Sir, tins man was discharging all the duties of
;i Governor of Louisiana which it became neces-
l! sary to discharge. We are not authorized to puss
!i upon the question whether or not he rightfully
ji discharges those duties; that is 10 say, we are
i' not authonzed to pass upon the question who is
Governor and who is not for the Stale of Lou-
j isiana. So far as we are concerned we have the
!' power to reject or admit a member for any leason
'! we please. Discharging all those duties; holding
I himself out to the public as Governor ot Louis-
II iana to this extent; everybody acquiescing; no
is one act of his, so far as our information is con-
!i cerned, conflicting with any other act of anybody
else assuming to be Governor, it is fair, I say, that
we may to this extent treat him as Governor of
Louisiana de facto. I know very well thataccord-
ing to the stricn at old eonimon-law definition of
a Governor de facto it may be difficult to sustain
entirely his position as such.
I do not put my position upon that ground. I
say that that ground has been deemed, in this
House and iri the other branch of Congress, to
have been a sufficient ground upon winch to res.t
ill recognizing the acts of a man assuming to be
the Governor of a State, when, in point of fact,
he had no legal authority for those acts.
But, sir, anolher more serious question is pre-
sented, after all: how are these districts and this
State ever to be represented again in this Con-
gress, except by some means entirely 'analogous
to tins case ? 1 do not mean by means exactly like
this; but I do not see how there can ever exist
any means in the world for these districts ever
attain to be ^presented in this Congress except
by means analogous to this, and having 110 more
authority or sanction of law than tins has. The
authority of law may originate through a differ-
ent machinery; it may start from another point;
it may go back to mass conventions in the district
or State; it may arise from usurpation of author-
ity, in which all the people may acquiesce, yet it
still starts somewhere by itself, and without con-
stitutional authority or authority of law.
Theiefore it is that the committee do not sea
that it matters at all whether it starts at this point
or at any other, provided it has the all-important
and all-essential element of securing to the people
of these districts the free and untrammeled and
unawed exercise of the elective franchise. That
they are entitled to representation here, no man
who acknowledges his obligations to the Consti-
tution can doubt for a moment. That we have
something to do as a Government here in Wash-
ington in seeming to them that lepresentation, I
do not see iiow anybody can doubt for a moment.
What we shall do, or what are the particular
means or methods by which we shall secure that,
may depend upon the circumstances of each par-
ticular case; but if we acknowledge the obligations
of the Constitution upon us to guaranty to them
a representation here, we have got to do our part
towards securing it.
And when a case is presented like this, where
there has been such freedom and such a full and
hearty expression of the choice at the ballot-box;
where the forms of law have been complied with
with such scrupulous regard; and where the elec-
tion lacks only the constitutional sanction of a
Governor, who has fled the country and refused
to dischaige the duties devolved upon him by the
Constitution, shall we shut the door against such
a representation as this,and ask ourselves whether
any other method better, any other method safer
or more ill conformity with republnan institu-
tions and the requirements of the Constitution,
call be adopted therewith any hope of success?
1 am not an advocate of the authority of mil-
itary governors. The presence of that author-
ity one inch beyond wheie it is necessaiy, does
not meet my approval. I would circumscribe it
to the narrowest possible limits. 1 would give to
this act of authority precisely the same iorce and
effect here to-day as if it originated in the appoint-
ment of him by a mass meein.g of all the electors
of these two congressional diMticts assembled in
the City Hall at Niw Orleans; b, cause 1 believe
in setting in motion the .wheels of government lit
these States at the earliest possible moment.
I believe, as 1 have often stated here, and tired
the car of the House by repeating, that it is the
only hope of the restoration and of the continu-
ance of this Government in the form and under
the sanctions of the Constitution; and no better
method, no healthier method, to my mind, is open
to us than that which, recognizing the spontaneous
voice of these electois, gives it a place here, around
, which the Union sentiment of the State ot Lojisi-
1 ana may cluster, and cling, and twine ttsut, and
j grow and hear Iruit.
1 And certainly, Mr. Speaker, when we have the
