182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February T,
3tTH Cosg....3D SESS.
Laws of the United States.
or Pacific coasts, respectively, in the merchant
service.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers of the revenue cutter service, when serving
in accordance with law, as part of the Navy, shall
be entitled to relative rank, as follows: captains,
with and next after lieutenants commanding in
the Navy; first lieutenants with and next after
lieutenants in the Navy ; second lieutenants, with
and next after masters in line in .the Navy; third
lieutenants, with and next after passed midship-
men in the Navy: Provided, That no change of
rank by this bill shall increase the pay to which
such officer is now entitled by law.
Approved, February 4, 1863.
Chap. XXI.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
" An Act for the Collection of Direct Taxes
in Insurrectionary Districts within the United
States, arid for other purposes,"approved June
seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the seventh section of an act en-
titled " An act for the collection of direct taxes in
insurrectionary districts within the United States,
and for other purposes," approved June seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty two, be amended so
as to read as follows: Section 7. Anil be it further
enacted, That the said board of commissioners
shall be required, in case the taxes charged upon
the said lots and parcels of land shall not be paid,
as provided for in the third section of this act, to
cause the same to be advertised for sale in a news-
paper published in the town, parish, district, or
county where situate; arid if there be no such
newspaper published in said town, parish, di"
trict, or county, or if the publisher thereof refn
tO'publish the same, then in any other newspaper
to be selected by said commissioners in said dis-
trict, or in the city of Washington, for at least
four weeks, and by posting notices of said sale in
three public places in the town, parish, district,
or county within which said lands are situate, at
least four weeks previous to the day of sale; and
at the time and place of sale to cause the same to
be severally sold to the highest bidder for a sum
not less than the taxes, penalty, and costs, and
ten per centum per annum interest on said tax,
pursuant to said notice; in all cases where the
owner of said lots or parcels of ground shall not,
on or before the day of sale, appear in person be-
fore the said board of commissioners and pay the
amount of said tax, with ten per centum interest
thereon, with the cost of advertising the same, or
request the same to be struck off to a purchaser
foraless sum than two thirds of the assessed value
of said several lots or parcels of ground, the said
commissioners shall be authorized at said sale to
bid off the same for the United State at a sum not
exceeding two thirds of the assessed value there
of, unless some person shall bid a larger sum; and
in that case the same shall be struck off to the
highest bidder, who shall, upon paying the pur
chase money in gold and silver coin, or in the
Treasury notes of the United States, or in United
States notes, or in certificates of indebtedness
against the United States, be entitled to receive
from said commissioners their certificate of sale,
which said certificate shall be received in all courts
and places as prima facie evidence of the regularity
and validity of said sale, and of the title of the said
purchaser or purchasers under the same: Provid-
ed, That the owner of said lots of ground, or any
loyal person of the United States having any valid
lien upon or interest in the same, may, at any time
within sixty days after said sale, appear before
the said board of tax commissioners liihis or her
own proper person, and, if a citizen, upon taking
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and paying the amount of said tax and
penalty, with interest thereon from the date of the
said proclamation of the President mentioned in
the second section of this act, at the rate of fifteen
per centum per annum, together with the ex-
penses of the sale and subsequent proceedings,
to be determined by said commissioners, majf re-
deem said lots of land from said sale; and any
purchaser under the same having paid moneys,
Treasury notes, or other certificates of indebt-
edness of the United Statejs, shall, upon sucfi re-
demption being made, be entitled to have the same,
with the interest accruing after said sale, returned
to him by the said commissioners, upon surren-
dering up the certificates of sale: And provided
further, That if the owner of said lots of ground
shall be a minor, a non-resident alien, or loyal cit-
izen beyond seas, a person of unsound mind, or
under a legal disability, the guardian*, trustee, or
other person having charge of the person or estate
of such person, may redeem the same atany time
within two years after the sale thereof, and in the
manner above provided, and with like effect: And
provided further, That at such sale any tracts, par-
cels, or lots of land which may be selected under
the d irection of the President for Government use,
for war, military, naval, revenue, charitable, edu-
cational, or police purposes, may, at said sale, be
bid in by said commissioners, under the direc-
tion of the President, for, and struck off to, the
United States: And provided further, That the cer-
tificate ofsaid commissioners shall only be affected
as evidence of the regularity and validity of sale
by establishing the fact that said property was
not subject to taxes, or that the taxes had been
:>aid previous to sale, or that the property had
>een redeemed according to the provisions of tilts
act.
Approved, February 6, 1863.
Chap. XXII.—An Act to increase the Clerical
and other Force of the Quartermaster General's
Office, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be added to the cler-
ical and other force in the office of the Quarter-
master General, to be appointed by the Secretary
of War, four clerks of class four, and ninety clei ks
of class one; also, thirty copyists and six labor-
ers, at an annual compensation of six hundred
dollars each.
Sec.2. Andbe it further enacted, That in settling
the accounts of the commanding officer of a com-
pany for clothing and other military supplies, the
affidavit of any such officer may be received to
show the loss of vouchers, or company books, or
any matter or circumstance tending to prove that
any apparent deficiency was occasioned by un-
avoidable accident, or lost in actual service, with-
out any fault on his part, or that the whole or any
part of such clothing and supplies had been prop-
erly and legally used and appropriated; and such
affidavit may be considered as evidence to estab-
lish the facts set forth, with or without other evi-
dence, as may seem to the Secretary of War just
and proper under the circumstances of the case.
Approved, February 7, 1863.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act to authorize the raising
of a Volunteer Force for the better Defense of
Kentucky.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Governor of the State of Ken-
tucky, by the consent and under the direction of
the P'residentofthe United States, shall have power
to raise and organize into regiments a volunteer
force not exceeding twenty thousand, rank and
file, to be raised within the State of Kentucky, to
serve for the term of twelve months, to be em-
ployed within the limits of Kentucky in repelling
invasion,suppressing insurrection, and guarding
and protecting the public property : Provided, That
at any time it may be necessary, in the discretion
of the President of the United States, these troops
may be employed out of the limits of Kentucky
against the enemies of the United Slates.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the regi-
mental and company officers shall he appointed
and commissioned by the State of Kentucky ac-
cording to the laws thereof: Provided, That the
officers of said regiments shall be entitled to pay
only when the regiments or companies are filled,
as now required by law, and while in actual ser-
vice. *
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the regi-
ments, when raised and officered as aforesaid,
shall be mustered into the service of the United
States, and be subject to the command of the
President of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers and soldiers thus enrolled and mustered into
service shall be subject to the rules and articles
of war, and shall be placed on the same footing
as other volunteers in the service of the United
States as to pay, subsistence, clothing, and other
emoluments, except bounty, for and during the
time they may be in actual service.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That a por-
tion of this volunteer corps, not exceeding two
regiments, may, when necessary, in the opinion
ofthe President of the United States, be mounted
and armed as mounted riflemen.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident shall have power to make such other regu-
lations in regard to the organization and service
of this force as he shall deem expedient for the
interest of the service.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That, by and
with the consent of the President of the United
States, the volunteers authorized to be raised by
this act, or any portion of them, may be attached
to and become part of the body of the three years
volunteers, according to such rules and regula-
tions as the President of the United States may
prescribe.
Approved, February 7, 1863.
Chap. XXIV.—An Actto provide for the Protec-
tion of Overland Emigrants to the States and
Territories of the Pacific.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That for the protection of emigrants by
the overland routes to the States and Territories
of the Pacific the sum of thirty thousand dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of War: Provided, That ten thousand
dollars of said appropriation shall be applied to
the protection of emigrants on the route from Fort
Abercrombie by Fort Benton.
Approved, February 7, 1863.
Chap. XXV—An Act making Appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, and for a Deficiency for the Signal
Service for the year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four: _ .
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of^
recruits, and compensation to citizen surgeons for
medical attendance, two hundred and seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For bounties and premiums for recruits of the
regular Army, three hundred and twenty-four
thousand dollars.
For bounties for recruits of the volunteer ser-
five million dollars.
For collecting, drilling, and organizing volun-
teers-, and all other necessary expenses, ten mil-
lion seven hundred thousand dollars.
For pay of the Army, nine million five hundreS
and ninety-six thousand five hundred and thirty-
eight dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, one
million six hundred and twenty thousand and
forty-eight dollars.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
one hundred and four thousand six hundred dol-
lars. '
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ing not drawn, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, seventy-six thousand nine hundred and
seventy dollars.
For pay of volunteers under acts of twenty-sec-
ond and twenty-fifth of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, two hundred and sixty-six million
four hundred and ten thousand nine hundred and
eighty-one dollars and six cents.
For subsistence in kind for regulars, volunteers,
