1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
inevitable sequence of the position which I have
taken. I have already laid down what I suppose
to be the duty of a military commandant in an
insurrectionary district—not a military governor.
I know nothing about military governorship.
There is no such officer known to the law. But
the duty of a military commandant of an insur-
rectionary district is to keep peacc until the people
can have an opportunity of acting according" to
law, and thus securing their representation. Have
' they done so in this instance? That question rises
right in the chain of the argument which I have
made. I say they have not. The law has been
violated. And even if the people have acquiesced
in a usurpation, you and I are, by our oaths, for-
bidden to assist them in carrying it out.
Now, let us see how this stands. Suppose the
military commandant down there dops what I say
his duty is. Suppose he keeps the peace and gives
the people an opportunity to return to their alle-
giance; and not by brutality and ferocity, such
as lias disgraced our cause in New Orleans, but
by the superior law and power of kindness, he
wins them to return once more to their fealty to
the Government. When they have thus returned,
let me ask the gentleman from Ohio what is their
legal method of obtaining representation here?
The gentleman says the Governor of Louisiana
has vacated his office; then the first thing for the
people to do in returning to their allegiance is to
fill the office of that civil Governor. This has
been done in other cases. Why should it not be
done in theirs? First and precedent to a valid
election for members of Congress to fill vacancies,
it is the duty of the Governor of the State of Lou-
isiana, as the gentleman from Ohio knows, to call
such election. It is made so by the constitution
and laws of that State, which, according to the
theory on winch this war was commenced, are
still in full force within the Union. In this in-
stance, however, somebody else has done it for
him. When the people shall have returned to
theirallegmnce by virtue of the peace established,
if you please, by the military governorship of that
region, let them not commence to obtain repre-
sentation here first by ignoringthe only principles
on which that representation can be lawful. Let
them commence at the foundation, and restore
their civil polity that has been disturbed by the
rebellion, and then, by virtue of it, hold their elec-
tions according to law.
Mr. HARRISON. My answer to the gentle-
man from Indiana is this: the difficulty, to my
mind, is n practical one. According to the gen-
tleman's own theory and principles, as I under-
stand them, the election for Governor cannot be
held in pursuance of the constitution and laws of
the State of Louisiana until the expiration of the
term for which the Governor who voluntarily and
wrongfully abdicated his office was elected. There-
fore that State would necessarily have to remain
unrepresented in the Congress of the United States
until the full term for which the Governor was
elected had expired. This brief and limited state-
ment of my views is simply an illustration of the
evils which I fear will necessarily result in accom-
plishing the great and difficult work of restoring
the insurrectionary States to their proper consti-
tutional relations, from the practical application of
the general doctrines which the gentleman is pre-
senting with so much ability.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, all this has
passed before my mind already; and, whether fee-
bly or well, I have attempted to answer it. One
of the primary rights of a people is a government,
if a man runs away from an office which the peo-
ple have selected him to fill, they can, in their pri-
mary capacity, call a constitutional convention,
and refill that office. Now, the difficulty between
the gentleman from Ohio and myself is, that I want
to commence at the beginning, and have the law
administered in Louisiana from the foundation
of the State government up through all its parts,
while he wants to skip the condition precedent to
a valid election of members of Congress—the sanc-
tion of the only kind of Governor known to the
constitution of Louisiana or the Constitution of the
United States—and reach by one leap that point;
a leap, however, let me say to him, that involves a
po wer in the Executive over the State never heaid
of, never dreamed of, by the letter or spirit of the
Constitution. The gentleman may say that the
difference between him and me is small ; that I am
for having the people to act in their primary and
fundamental capacity in regard to the governor-
ship, and that lie is Cor having them to act in the
same capacity in regard to the members of Con-
gress. The gentleman asks, what is the difference
between the two positions? The difference, I will
say to my friend from Ohio, is vast, and fraught
witii the most momentous results. The one in-
volves the total prostration of free representation,
the utter overthrow of your Constitution, and the
utter abrogation of the right of the State to govern
her local affairs by virtue of her own laws. The
gentleman's position inaugurates a system of ex-
ecutive usurpation which will stalk through these
Hallsatthe head ofa military power. It will send
us all home or silence our tongues. It will make
these arches resound with the clanking of the
chains of an absolute despotism, instead of with
the voices of free men. That is the difference be-
tween the position of the gentleman from Ohio and
mine.
Mr. HARRISON. The gentleman from Indi-
ana will, 1 am sure, do me the justice to admit that
the ground on which I have suggested the claim-
ants are entitled to their seats is entirely independ-
ent of the action of the military governor of Lou-
isiana.
Mr. VOORHEES. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from Ohio, for that was just the point in my
argumentthat comes next in my way, and to which
1 desire to hasten. There 1 take issue with him;
and I will show him that he is in error. By virtue
of my position on the committee—not by virtue
of my superior industry or intelligence, by any
means—I am enabled to prove to him that his
statement is incorrect.
Mr. MENZIES. I was not present at the meet-
ing of the committee at which the vote was taken
on this matter, and I would like the gentleman from
Indiana to answer me a question. I wish to know
whether the people of Louisiana did not in these
elections comply with the laws of Louisiana as
fully as they possibly could; and whether,in those
which they failed to comply with, they did not fail
solely in consequence of the rebellion ?
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 am just coming to that
point. Let me answer the gentleman from Ken-
tucky that I hold that the right of representation,
the whole machinery of civil government, is
stopped and held in abeyance in a State situated
as Louisiana is, until it can move according to its
laws. Whether the people have been prevented
from executing their civil duties according to law,
by reason of the rebellion or any other cause, does
not affect this argument. If they have not done
so in the cases under consideration, I know of no
power which I possess to give validity to their
illegal acts. Neither can the Executive heal the
defect by an act still more illegal, indefensible,
and unconstitutional.
But there is another answer which occurs to me
in connection with the question of the gentleman
from Kentucky, and also in continuation of my
answer to the gentleman from Ohio. General
She'pley, a brigadier general, exercised all the
power which resulted m these elections. He, in
subordination to General Butler anil the Execu-
tive, moved everything. Without him nothing
was. He spoke this election into existence.
Without this military power, supplanting and
assuming to act for the civil power in Louisiana,
nothing would have been done. Every one knows
this to be true. In evidence of it, let me call the
attention of the House to the proclamation of the
military governor:
A PROCLAMATION
By Brigadier General George F. Shepley, military governor
of the Slate of Louisiana.
Whereas tile State or Louisiana is now and hs- been
without any Representative, in the Tluity-Heventli l!im-
sress nf the'Umted States of Amcuea ; and whereas a very
aree majority of the cite,.ens ot the lir-t and second con-
gressional districts in tins State, hv taking the oath ot ahe.-
giance, have given evidence of then loyalty and obedience
to the Constitution and laws of the United States-
Now. theieloie, I. Ueo.sc F Sheplev. military governor
of the State of Louisiana, tor the purpose ot seeming to tiie
lowtl elecLors in the pallsiies composing these two congres-
sional districts then appi.ipnate andjawtiit iepre,seni,iuon
in the House of Itepiesentatives ol the United Mates ot
America, and ot enabhns them lo avail themselves of the
benefits secured by the proclamation ot the President of the
United States to the people ot any State, or pait o, a fatate
who shall on the 1st day of Januarj next he in {rood tilth
represented in the Oonstres., ot t!ie Lmted States by mem-
bers eho-cii thereto at elections wherein a inn'.ority ot t.ie
qualified voteis of such State have paitieipated,
fit to issue this m> proclamation, appointing an election to
be held on Wednesday, the 3d (1 iy of December next, to fill
said vacancies m the Thirty-Seventh Congress of the Uni-
ted States of America, in the following districts, namely i
Then comes an enumeration of the election
precincts, &c.
Now, what isthelawofthatStateon this point?
The power to issue a proclamation calling a spe-
cial election is vested in the Governor of Lou-
isiana, chosen by her own people, and not in an
instrument of the Executive. How docs the gen-
tleman from Kentucky answer that? How does
the gentleman from Ohio answer it ? You say the
military had nothing to do with these elections.
Yet you see that they had their origin in a plain
and absolute military usurpation. They com-
menced in a military proclamation, and the only
certificates of election which the claimants pre-
sent here as titles to their seats are sigued by a
brigadier general of the Army.
Mr. HARRISON. J ask the gentleman from
Indiana whether the legal principle, that subse-
quent ratification is equivalent to antecedent au-
thority, does not apply to this act ofthe electors
of Louisiana.
Mr. VOORHEES. Has the gentleman from
Ohio any evidence of subsequent ratification ? If
he has, I have none. I sea influences surround-
ing these elections winch, to my mind, indicate
anything rather than the free, untrammeled voice
of the people, acting independent of military co-
ercion and executive dictation. On the very face
of this proclamation, what do we see? One in-
ducement held out to the citizen* of New Orleans
to participate in these elections is, that they may
in that way escape the effects of the presidential
proclamation of the 3st of January last; that they
may escape being robbed of their property by
going to the polls and voting; may escape having
their slaves taken from them by the President of
the United States, if they elected members of Con-
gress. One inducement held out in the body of
this pioclamation was the right of representation,
it is true; but the other was* the argument and
inducement of the highwayman: " Elect, and
your property will be saved !" " Refuse to elect,
and the Commander-in-Chief of the Army, the
President of the United States, will strip you
naked, and rob you of your plainest rights of
property." This is the language, plain and dis-
tinct, addressed to the citizens of the first and sec-
ond congressional distucts of Louisiana by the
proclamation under which these elections were
held. Is this a free election? Who will dare
say so ? To my mind it is the grossest and most
outrageous assault upon the freedom of the elect-
ive franchise ever known in a republican Govern-
ment.
Mr. HARRISON. I submit to the gentleman
from Indiana, that if the statement of fatus made
by the chairman of the Committee of Elections is
true—namely, that the loyal and qualified electors
of the two congressional districts of which the
claimants are citizens exercised an untrammeled
choice at the elections under which they claim,
seats—whether the attendance by the electois on
the day named in the proclamation of the military
governor for that purpose, and actually holding
the elections, was not an emphatic and conclusive
ratification of his act by the people so voting,
thereby making the elections as valid as if they
had themselves taken the initiative?
Mi. VOORHEES. Now, will the gentleman
from Ohio tell nu how many voters casttheir votes
on the day of that election because they desired
to be represented in this Congress, and how
many because they wanted to save their slaves
under the proclamation of the President? If he
can give me this information, 1 can tell him how-
much the ratification of which he speaks was
woith. Both inducements were held out; and if
the gentleman can inform me how many persons
voted because they desired to picvent their prop-
erty being taken Irom them, and how many be-
cause they desired to send these claimants here, I
can answer how far this act of the military gov-
ernor was ratified by the people. The inducement
in regard to their slaves was deemed as of sufficient
importance to insert in the body of the procla-
mation, and I have no doubt it broughtmany cit-
izens to the polls.
The gentleman asks me whether the people
there did all they could. I expect they did to
avoid injury to their lights and the plunder of
their property.
Mr. MENZIES. I wili repeat my question, in
