836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
order that the gentleman may understand the
point upon which my mind turns. I would like
to know if the people of these districts complied
with the law of the State of Louisiana except in
the particulars mentioned in the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections; that if the day was not the
one prescribed by law as an election day for this
purpose, and that the proclamation was not, in
that event, issued by the legal Governor of Louis-
iana? I ask the gentleman whether he believes,
the rebellion having deprived them of the power
to comply with the law in these respects, the peo-
ple might not have themselves assembled on any
day they might name and elected persons to rep- '
resent them in Congress?
Mr. VOORHEES. I answer the gentleman by ;
repeating that when the forms of regular govern- j
merit are lost the people must begin again denovo.
They must begin down at the very foundation
of civil government. They must again fiil their
vacant offices, commencing with that of Gov-
ernor, and then by his aid proceed according to
their own laws to give motion and vitality to every
department. This may be done by virtue of the
peace secured and maintained by tne arms of the
Government. Let the people of Louisiana do
this if their condition will permit it, and then they
may proceed under the constitution of that State
and in obedience to their own laws. In that way
we avoid this monstrous unconstitutional stretch
of power, unknown to our Constitution or laws,
which has been exercised in the appointment of
a military governor, by whose conduct the laws
have been violated.
Again, sir, I come back to the very foundation
of this whole proceeding. I deny that George F.
Shepley, as brigadier general and military gov-
ernor of Louisiana, or in any other capacity, un-
less the people of Louisiana had of their free,
untrammeled choice, made him their Governor
under the constitution and laws of that State, had
any right at all to the power which he has exer-
cised. I caie not if he had exercised this power
in accordancc with the forms aud precedents of the
constitution and laws of Louisiana. The ques-
tion would still arise as to his right to be in that
capacity at all. The constitution of Louisiana
knows him not. The Constitution of the United
States knows not this man, George F. Shepley,
as the governor of a State, military or civil. He
is known to nothing except the appointing power
that rests in the Commander-in-Chiefof the At my,
the President of the United States, to make him a
general. Do you know what powers appertain
to a brigadier general of the United States Army?
If you do, you know what powers reside with
George JJ. Shepley; and lie can properly exercise
no others. Outside of them he is a dead man offi-
cially, and his acts have no validity with me.
You may argue questions of expediency; you
may argue questions of the restoration of the
Union: 1 shall argue, first my oath, my conscience,
and my duty to civil liberty. You may reflect
your wishes, your hopes, and your fears jn your
arguments here, but nothing can change a prin-
ciple or escape the power of truth. No ingenuity
can reason away the fact that in this proclamation
George F. Shepley was a usurper. It is of a piece,
too, with a wide-spread system of executive en-
croachment, which, unless trampled under foot by
the representatives of a free people, will speedily
trample us to death under its feet. Give to this
system vitality here, in this Hall, and if vour
armies move on and take possession of States", the
Representatives, not of the people, but of the one-
man power enthroned at the west end of this capital,
will be seen here outnumbering and defeating the
Representatives of all th? loyal States in this Union,
in vain then will popular elections take place; in
vain will popular measures be inaugurated; your
President can defy them all.
If you enter upon the course which the recom-
mendation of the Committee of Elections invites
us to pursue, this day you place the liberties of
the people in the hands of the President. A ma-
jority in this House may adopt this resolution,
but that majority no longer expresses the will of
a majority of the people. No, sir; the people of
the country are listening with joyful anxiety for
the sound of the retiring footsteps of the major-
ity of this House as they go out to return no more
to these Hails. I declare before the country that
within the last twenty months the Thirty^Seventh
Con£re« kas sanctioned greater strides* towards
despotism than has ever been made in any other ;
Government professing constitutional limits with- I
in a period of two hundred years. And if I had
not thought this was a part and parcel of a grand
gigantic system of executive domination, I would
not have raised my voice to-day. It is not my
custom nor my pleasure to mingle much in de-
bate. But I ask the people to watch the proceed*
itigs on this question.
If the Army can go forth and bring represent-
atives with voices equal to ours, with no constit-
uents to trammel them at their back, with no one
to represent except the President, then we might
as well know it at once. Then our seats here
become worse than valueless. They will be em-
blems of our vassalage. I do not say, and do not
wish to be understood as saying, that the gentle-
men from New Orleans would, in any sense, be
the tools and the implements of usuiped power
here. I know nothing of it. I care to know noth-
ing of it. The principle, however, is fraught with
disaster and absolute overthrow to republican lib-
erty. It is also fraught with the absolute over-
throw of the independence of thislegislativebody.
You may sanction it if you please, i wash my
hands of it.
But, sir, suppose we sanction the principle of
this report of the committee, where will ustop?
Under this military rule members of a Legislature
may be elected, and they can return Senators to
the other branch of Congress, and soon the un-
broken waves of an absolute despotism will sweep
over every State in the Union. The proud turrets
of State sovereignty will sink beneath the stagnant
uniformity of executive usurpation, as hopelessly
submerged as the cities which perished in the dis-
mal depths of the D< ad sea. Ay, sir, the Dead
sea of absolute despotism will pervade the face of
the whole country, for if this thing can take place
m one instance it can take place in all.
Mr. HARRISON. If the people of Louisiana
can not reconstruct their State government, by [tut-
ting its organization into active, practical opera-
tion, and thereby fully restore the constitutional
relations between itand the General Government,
in the manner which i have suggested, would they
not be compelled, if the rebellion could be totally
suppressed in that State to-morrow, still to remain
foralong period of umeunrepiesented in Congress,
and continue substantially in a state of anarchy?
Mr. VOORHEES. The gemleman'sargument
proceeds upon a ground I have never recognized,
and which I never will recognize, the ground of
expediency. They must so remain rather than
call upon us to prostrate and stab the liberties of
the country. They must so remain rather than
ask us to establish upon the rums of the country
the unquestioned tyranny of executive power.
One woid further. They must remain unrep-
resented according to the theory of our Govern-
ment, peace being kept m their borders by mili-
tary power, until the people can reestablish their
civil government, not m violation of law, but by
virtue of and in strict conformity to law, as i
have already indicated. If the military power
cannot protect the people in asserting their lights
according to law, it is not worth maintaining. Its
mission, in that cn.se, is a failure. What aie you
exercising it for? To give the people a chance to
violate law? No, sir; 1 will never give my sanc-
tion that the military power shall become an engine
with which the Executive may overthrow the laws
and make his will supreme.
The gentleman says that Louisiana may remain
| along time in thib condition. Suppose she does,
! we do no violence to our own liberties. If mili-
| tary power is to win back a single State to the
| Union, let me say that it will have to be wielded
I in all instances to give the people an opportunity
j to obey the law# of their own making, and not
j for the purpose of usurping their laws and sup-
! planting them with another system.
| Mr. HARRISON. Will tiie gentleman yield
I to me once moi e ?
I Mr. VOORHEES. I yield to the gentleman,
i although 1 am not the recipient of any like favor
j from that side of the House.
Mr. HARRISON. 1 have never refused the
gentleman a like courtesy.
Mr. VOORHEES. The remark was not in-
tended for my clever friend from Ohio, but for the
| majority on that side of the House who, by par-
I hamentary tactics, have kept nje off the floor.
Mr,- HARRISON I have, since | became a
member of this House, been in favor of freedom of
debate by gentlemen on both sides of the House,
and have studiously endeavored to observe that
courtesy toward every member which becomes the
place. I do not now intend to be troublesome.
Mr. VOORHEES. You are not.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman what provision of the Constitution of
the United States will be violated by allowing the
people of the State of Louisiana to obtain a rep-
resentation in this House, to banish from their
nudst the evils of anarchy, and secure the protec-
tion afforded by the execution of the laws by civil
magistrates, which they so vastly need?
Mr. VOORHEES. A representation according
to law would be in violation of no principle that
I know of. A representation against, contrary
to, law would be in violation of the Constitution,
which reauires us to uphold law.
Mr. HARRISON. 1 omitted to limit my prop-
osition with the words: obtaining representation
in this House in the mode I have suggested.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have been trying now three
quarters of an hour to elucidate that very point—
whether these gentlemen come here by virtue of
the sanction of the Constitution; by virtue of au-
thority we can hold to be legal and proper. I
think I have shown to the House that their elec-
tion is founded upon a principle that is totally
subversive of the freedom and independence of
this body, and in contiavention of the constitu-
tion and laws of Louisiana and the Constitution
of the United States.
Let me hasten on. I have talked much longer
than I expected I would. This Governor Shep-
ley, as he styles himself, has not even tried to obey
the laws concerning the details of these elections.
My friend from Kentucky has asked whether the
people have not done as well as they could. I
expect they have. I do not blame them. They
were tlueatened with the President's proclama-
tion to be robbed of their property if they were
not lepiesented. They weie surrounded by a mil-
itary power, exercised by a man who never saw
the face of his enemy in the field, but who re-
served his military powers for non-combatants,
captives, prisoners of war, women, and children.
They were oppressed under General Butler with
the most atrocious tyranny, m my judgment,
which has ever disgraced the annals of civilized
waifare. They came forward and voted, perhaps
thinking that they were doing something which
might mitigate the severity of the military des-
potism which ruled over them. Under these cir-
cumstances, the suffrages of the people of New
Orleans and vicinity were taken on the 3d day of
December. But, as I have said, there was no at-
tempt to obey the laws. The laws of Louisiana
require-a registration of the voters. It is required
in New Orleans that each man's name shall be
registered before he can vote. The military gov-
ernor set that law aside and permitted everybody
to vote, whether they were registered or not.
By proclamation the lightful law of Louisiana
upon the subject of elections was set aside, so that
the voting might be as illegal as the unsettled and
licentious spirit of the times might dictate.
Sir, the two proclamations of General Shepley
overthrew the whole system of eh ctions and rep-
resentation m the State of Louisiana. I submit
to my candid friend from Ohio, [Mr. Harrison,]
what could be more complete than tne utter over-
throw of the constitution and the laws on the sub-
ject of elections by this military governor; first,
by supei seding the constitution, and ukui ping the
poweisand duties of civil governor; and next, by
proclamation setting aside the law which required
the registration of voters.
Under these cii eumstances a certain number of
votes were cast; whether they were legal votes
or not, the law which protected the purity of the
ballot-boxes being nullified by the strokeof a pen,
we cannot say. And under these circumstances
it is gravely urged that these men are entitled to
seats upon this floor.
Mr. Speaker, I have said more, by far, than I
intended, All I desired to do was simply to call
the attention of the House, first, to the proposi-
tion which I made in the opening, that if this State
is your State; if it is yet a member of this un-
broken Union, according to the construction of
nearly every gentleman upon this floor; if it is not
a foreign Power, you cannot—not merely the Ex-
ecutive c&naot—but you cannot, Congress cannot,
