186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
3Tth Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
persons complaining the fairest opportunity of
verifying theirclaim with the least expense; they
shall take care that no unjust or fictitious claim
shall be established; and if they have any reason
to suppose thatany such claim is presented, they
shall have power, and it shall be their duty, to
procure any countervailing proof, to their knowl-
■ edge, that the same may be finally rejected. The
testimony of the witnesses and the examination
of the complainant shall be reduced to writing,
signed and certified by them, respectively, and
shall, with the petition and all the papers relating
to each case, with the finding of the commission,
be transmitted to the Secretary of the Interior for
his approval, rejection, or modification, to be by
him laid before the next Congress. A major-
ity of the commission may select their presiding
officer, and shall be competent to decide all ques-
tions arising before them.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, Thatsaid com-
missioners shall hold their first session at Saint
Peter's, in the State of Minnesota, on or before the
first day of April next, for the hearing of claim-
ants, and that all claims must be presented to said
commissioners on or before the first day of Sep-
tember next, or the same shall not be heard by
them; and the said commissioners shall make and
return their finding, and all the papers relating
thereto, on or before the firstday of December next.
Sec. 5. Andbeit further enacted, Thatsaid com-
missioners shall receive for their services and ex-
penses the sum of two thousand five hundred dol
iars each. And they are authorized to depute a
proper person to summon witnesses, who shall
be entitled to receive his actual expenses, to be
allowed by said commissioners, and the sum of
three dollars per day for his services. Witnesses
subpenaed in behalf of the United States shall re-
ceive pay for attendance not to exceed the foes
allowed by the laws of Minnesota for witnesses
attending justices'courts. And, for paying the
expenses of said commission, the further sum of
ten thousand dollars is hereby appropriated out of
the said annuities in the Treasury of the United
States, or so much thereof as may be necessary
to pay the same.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
rotary of the Interior, immediately after the pas-
sage of tins act, shall cause the same to be pub-
lished in four of the newspapers of the State of
Minnesota which, in his opinion, will give the
most publicity to the same among the people who
have suffered bysaid depredations,and give notice
of the first meeting of said commissioners, the ex-
penses to be paid out of the sum appropriated in
the next preceding section.
Sec. 7. Jind be it farther enacted, That tf the
complainant, orany witness testifying before said
commissioner, shall be guilty of perjury, upon
conviction thereof in the proper court of the Uni-
ted States, he shall suffer the pains and penalties
prescribed by the laws of the United States for
that offe use.
Sec. 8 Andbe it farther enacted, That the said
commissioners may make rules, not inconsistent
with this act, prescribing the order and mode of
presenting, prosecuting, and proving said claims
before them, winch rules shall be published in one
newspaper in the city of Saint Paul and one in
SaintPeter forat least two weeks prior to the first
session of said commission, to be held at Saint
Peter as directed in the fourth section of this act,
and the expenses of such publication shall be paid
out of the fund appropriated in the fifth section of
this act.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Inteiior is hereby authorized to set
apart of the public lands, not otherwise appropri-
ated, eighty ucits in severalty to each individual
of the before-named bands who exerted himself in
rescuing the whites from the late massacre of said
Indians. The land so set apait shall notbe sub-
ject to any tax, forfeiture, or sale, by process of
"law, and shall not he aliened or devised, except liy
the consent of the President of the United States,
but shall be an inheritance to s.iid Indians and
their heirs forever.
Sec. 10. And be it farther enacted, That said
commissions s, before entering upon the discharge
of theirdutics assueh, shall give bonds 111 the usual
form to the United States, in the sum of twenty
thousand dollars each, with good and sufficient
security, to be approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, faithfully to discharge their duties as
such, and to account for any money which may
come into their hands.
Approved, February 16, 1863.
Chap. XLIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the construction, preservation, ana repairs
of certain Fortifications and other Works of
Defense for the year ending thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
scntat ives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four:
For Fort Montgomery, at outlet of Lake Cham-
plain, New York, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Knox, at narrows of Penobscot river,
Maine, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at entrance of Kennebec river, Maine,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For fort on Hog Island ledge, Portland harbor,
Maine, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For new Fort Preble, Portland harbor, Maine,
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Scammel, Portland harbor, Maine,
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For new Fort Constitution,Portsmouth harbor,
New Hampshire, two hundred thousand dollars.
For new Fort McClary, Portsmouth harbor,
New Hampshire, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Winthrop and exterior batteries, Gov-
ernor's Island, Boston harbor, Massachusetts,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, Boston harbor, Massachu-
setts, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For permanent forts at Provincetown harbor,
Massachusetts, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For permanent forts at New Bedford harbor,
Massachusetts, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Rhode Isl-
and, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For permanent defenses at Narragansett Bay,
Rhode Island, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For additional fortifications at New London
harbor, Connecticut, two hundred thousand dol-
lars: Provided, however, That this appropriation
shall not be expended unless New London be
selected as a permanent site for a navy-yard or
naval station.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York,
twenty-five thousand dollars. ' •
For fort at Wdlet's Point, opposite Fort Schuy-
ler, New York, two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For fort on site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Isl-
and, New York, two hundred thousand dollars.
For casemated battery on Staten Island, New
York, two hundred thousand dollars.
For new battery, near Fort Hamilton, New
York, one hundied thousand dollars.
For fort atSandy Hook, New Jersey, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Delaware, Delaware river, two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For permanent "work for Delaware Breakwater
harbor, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Carroll, Baltimore harbor, Maryland,
two hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginia,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Wool, Hampton Roads, Virginia,
two hundred thousand dollars.
For Fot t Clinch, en trance to Cumberland sound,
Florida, one hundred and fifty.thonsand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, three
hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, three
hundred thousand dollars.
For new fort at Tortugas, Florida, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For Fort at Ship Island, coast of Mississippi,
one hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Jackson, Mississippi river, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For Fort Saint Philip, Mississippi river, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For fort at Fort Point, San Francisco bay, Cal-
ifornia, two hundred thousand dollars. ■
For fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco bay,
California, one hundred thousand dollars.
For defensive works in Oregon, and Washing-
ton Territory, two hundred thousand dollars.
For contingencies of fortifications, including
field works and field operations, seven hundred
thousand dollars.
For tool and siege trains for armies in the field,
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For bridge trains and equipage for armies, in
the field, five hundred thousand dollars.
For completing fortifications and erecting new
ones for the defense of Washington, two hundred
thousand dollars. ^
Approved, February 20, 1863.
Chap. XLIV.—An Act to provide for the ap-
pointment of an Assistant Register in the
Treasury Department, and a Solicitor for the
War Department, and for other purposes?
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,'That the President be, and he js here-
by, authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consentof theSenate, for the term of one year,
an officer in the office of the Register of the Treas-
ury, to be called the Assistant Register, at an an-
nual salary of two thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the du-
ties of said assistant shall be such as may be de-
volved on him by the Register of the Treasury,
and, in the absence of the Register, said assistant
shall act in his place and stead; and any official
record, certificate, or other document, excepting
warrants, bonds, and drafts, if signed by the As-
sistant Register, shall have the same legal force
and validity as if signed by the Register of the
Treasury.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
an officer in the War Department, to be called the
Solicitor of the Department, at an annual
salary of twenty-five hundred dollars.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the
amount necessary to pay the salaries of the offi-
cers authorized to be appointed by this act, for the
current and next fiscal years, be paid out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, February 20, 1863.
Chap. XLV.—An Act temporarily to supply va-
cancies m the Executive Departments in cer-
tain cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembted, That in case of the death, resignation,
absence from the seat of Government, or sickness,
of the head of any Executive Department of the
Government, or of any officer of either of the said
Departments whoseappomtment is not in the head
thereof, whereby they cannot perform the duties
of their respective offices, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United Slates, in case he shall
think it necessary, to authorize the head of any
other Executive Department, or other officer m
either of said Depaitments, whose appointment is
vested in the President, at his discretion, to per-
form the duties of the said respective offices until
a successor be appointed, or until such absence
or inability by sickness shall cease: Provided,
That no one vacancy shall be supplied in manner
aforesaid for a longer term than six months.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this'act are hereby repealed.
Approved, February 20, 1863.
Ciiap. XLVI.—An Act concerning Pardons and
the remission of Penalties and Forfeitures in
Ciimmal Cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
ii assembled, That (to remove doubts as to the tr'ue
