THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
unpaid through the mails to other than their reg-
ular subscribers.
Postmasters,at the office of delivery, are to be
authorized, and it is to be their duty, to remove
Ae wrappers and envelopes from printed and other
,matter not charged with letter postage, nor law-
fully franked, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether there is upon, or connected with, any
such printed matter or in such package any niat-
,-teror thing which would authorize or require the
charge of a higher rate of postage thereon. The
.Postmaster General may require an affidavit in
form, to be prescribed by genera! regulation, to
be taken by any publisher, or any clerk, agent,
or servant of such publisher of any paper or
periodica], which, by the terms of this act, may
be sent to regular subscribers without prepay-
ment of postage at the mailing office, to the effect
that neither he nor any other proprietor, clerk,
agent, or employe, within his knowledge, has
sent, or caused or permitted to be sent, through
the mails without prepayment by postage stamps
any copies of such paper or periodical, (naming
it,) except the same were sent to bona fide and
regular subscribers thereto. And if it be ascer-
tained that such papers or periodicals have been
thus unlawfully sent, with the knowledge or con-
sent of such proprietors, or of the agent or clerk
in charge of that business, or if such affidavit,
when required by the postmaster General, or by
a special agent of the Post Office Department,
shall be refused, the person guilty of such offense,
or refusing such oath, is to be liable to a fine of
fifty dollars in each case, to be recovered by suit
before any court of competent jurisdiction, one
half of which, when recovered, will be paid to
the informer.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have several amendments
to offer to the bill, many of which are merely
verbal. In the first place, I will pass through the
bill making those amendments which are merely
verbal* On page 3, section four, line twelve, I
move to insert after the word "to," the words
" less than;" so that the clause will read, " when-
ever it shall have amounfed to less than §1,000
and not leas than $100," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 5, section nine,
line ten, i move to fill up the blank in that line by
the word "eleven;" so that it will read, "as pro-
vided for in section eleven of this law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. On pas;c 12, section twen-
ty-four, line four, the word " expense" should be
"expenses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 15, section twen-
ty-nine, line two, at the enu of the line, after the
word "second" the word " regular" should be
inserted; so as to read, " regular printed matter."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 18, section thirty-
seven, line four, the word " mariners" should be
changed to " marines."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAM ER. On page 20, section forty-
two, line seven, 1 desire to have the word "of"
stricken out, and the words " not exceeding" in-
serted; so that, it will read, " us well as a registra-
tion fee not exceeding twenty cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 18, section thirty-
seven, line six, the word "'mailed" should be
erased, and the words "deposited for mailing"
inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 18, section thirty-
six, lines six and seven, the words " charged with
rates as if wholly unpaid" I desire to have erased.
The provision is, that when a letter is deposited
partially prepaid, and forwarded, the letter shall
be charged with double the postage, paying no
regard to what has been paid. I see no good rea-
son in that; and on reflection I desire thatthe words
" charged with rates as if wholly unpaid" in that
section should be erased.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER, On page 90, section forty-
two, lines ten and eleven, the words " except for
money letters" should be erased, and also all
after the word " thereof" in line thirteen down to
and ineludirig the word " paid" in line seventeen,
in the following words:
And provided further. That if money letters are deposited
for mailing without ptepayuient of the registration fee, the
same shall, nevertheless, be charged therewith, and shall
not be delivered until the same shall be paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I propose an amendment,
as an additional section*
And be it further enacted. That this act shall be in force
and take enect from and after the 30th day of June, 1863.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. These are all the amend-
ments that 1 desire to offer.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
it was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps an amendment
can be received by unanimous consent now. In
regard to the oath, I wish to suggest that we
passed a law at the last session of Congress pre-
scribing an oath of office forail persons appointed
or elected to any office under the Government;
and I think that is a better way than to prescribe
a particular oath in each case—1 mean so fi.r as
the loyally of the party is concerned. In the sec-
ond section of this bill a provision is inserted re-
quiring the person appointed to make oath that
he " is now and will continue to be loyal and faith-
ful to the United States of America, and to the
Union of said States, and will oppose all combi-
nations and all efforts against the same, or de-
signed for the overthrow thereof." I would sug-
gest to the chairman of the Post Office Committee
that these words he stricken out, and that the re-
mainder of the oath remain, which requires him
to swear that he will faithfully perform the duties
of his office, and then let him subscribe to the oath
which is provided generally forail officers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to dispense with- 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will not the gentleman
allow us to finish this bill? There will be no dis-
cussion about it.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 452, but I will al.o w this bill to be disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
bill of the Senator from Vermont being finished.
Mr. COLLAMER. I only want the special
order laid aside informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the bank bill does not
lose its place, i have no objection to finishing the
pending bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be inform-
ally laid asuJ ', and will be so, if there be no ob-
jection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make this suggestion,
if the chairman of the Post Office Committee as-
sents to it; that after the word " therefore " in the
seventh line of the second section, there be insert-
ed " in addition to the oath of office prescribed by
the act of July 2, 1862." Then the section will
go on requiring the officers " respectively" to
" take and subsenbe the following oath or affirm-
ation before some magistrate, and cause a certifi-
cate thereof to be filed in the General Post Office;
leaving that part of the oath which applies to the
discharge of the duties of the particular office to
remain. Strike out all about his loyalty, and let
him take the general oath prescribed by law on
that subject. I propose to strike out from line
fourteen to eighteen after the words " United
States"down toandincludingthe word " thereof"
and then refer to the other law. If there is no
objection to that, I make that suggestion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that I have
any objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make that motion, then,
to insert after the word " therefor," the words
" in addition to the oath of office prescribed by
the act of July 2, 1862."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should like to hear it
read from the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
on page 2 of the bill, line seven of section two,
after the word " therefor" to insert " in addition
to the oath of office prescribed by the act of July
2,1862, "and to strike out after the word "States,"
in line fourteen, to the word "thereof," in line
eighteen, so that the clause will read:
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted, Thatthe Postmaster
General, all po>tmasters, and-pecial agents, and all persons
employed hrtlie General Po-t Office, or in the care, cus-
tody, or conveyance of the mail, hereafter appointed or em-
ployed, shall, previous to entering upon the duties assigned
to them, or the execution of their ttusts and before they
shall be entitled to receive any emoluments therefor, in ad-
dition to the oath of office prociibed by the act of July 2,
1862, respectively take and hubsrribe the following oath or
affirmation before some magistrate, and cause a certificate,
thereof to be filed in the General Post Office.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do you not strike outpart
of the oath ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the Secretary read the
words proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. COLLAMER. Read the oath as it will be
after the clause is stricken out.
The Secretary read, as follows:
I, A R. do swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that I
will faithfully perform al! the duties required of rue, and
abstain from everything foi bidden by the Jaws in relation
to the establishment of the po>t office and post road^ within
the United States ; and that I will honestly and truly ac-
count for and pay over any moneys belonging to the said
United States which may coine into my possession or con-
trol ; so help me God.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made.
The bill was passed.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is the bill (S. No. 486) to provide a national
currency, secured by a pledge of United Slates
stocks, and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption thereof. That bill is now before the
Senateu-as in Committee of the Whole, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment «f the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell.]
Mr. SH ERM AN. Mr. President, the import-
ance of the subject under consideration demands
a fuller statement than has yet been made of the
principles and objects of this bill. I wished to
avoid the labor discussing this subject; but it
seems to be necessary. I shall endeavor to con-
dense what I have to say, for I know the time of
the Senate is precious, and I desire to get a vote on
this bill, if practicable, to-day.
It is the misfuitune of war that we are com-
pelled to act upon measures of grave importance
without that mature deliberation secured in peace-
ful times. We are now to act upon a measure
that will affect the property of every citizen ofthe
United States, and yet our action for good orevil
must be concluded within the few days or weeks
of this session. We are about to choose between
a permanent system, designed to establish a uni-
foim national -currency based upon the public
credit, limited in amount, and guarded by all the
restraints which the experience of men has proved
necessary, and a system of paper money, without
limit as to amount, except for the growing neces-
sities of war. In the consideration of such a ques-
tion we surely should sacrifice all local interests, all
pride of opinion; and, while acting promptly un-
der the pressure of events, we should bring to our
aid all the wisdom of united counsels, and all the
light which the experience of former generations
of men can give us.
It is fortunate that the scheme presented is not
novel either in its principles or details; nor is it
presented to us for the first time at this session.
In December, 1861, the Secretary of the Treasury
briefly but clearly stated the outlines of the sys-
tem proposed, and a bill similar in its main pro-
visions to the one under consideration was intro-
duced in the House of Representatives at the last
session. It was not then much discussed, because
of the greater demand for military and naval
measures, and the necessity of an extensive and
novel law of internal taxation.
But while we were thus engaged, this system
was discussed among those whose business made
them conversant with finance and currency; and,
sir, I may safely say that though it ran counter
to the local interests of those engaged in the bus-
iness of banking, it has steadily gained in favor
with all classes of our citizens.
The subject was again presented tous atgreater
length and with more urgency by the Secretary
of the Treasury in his recent annual report, in
which the arguments for and agaiost the system
