APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION Ah GEQBg,
[February 24,
3!7tii G0kg....3d Sess..
Laws of the United States..
making: any valid civil contract with any person
other than a native member of their tribe without
the, consent of the President of the-United States.
The Secretary of the Interior shall also make
reasonable provision for the education of said In-
dians,, according to their capacity and the means
at his command.
Approved,.February 21,1863.
Chap. LIV.—An Act to divide the State of Mich-
igan into two Judicial Districts, and to pro-
vide for holding the District and Circuit Courts
therein.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the State of Michigan be, and the
same is hereby, divided into two judicial districts,
in the following manner, namely:
the eastern and western districts.
The western district shall embrace all the terri-
tory and waters within the following boundaries,
to wit: commencing at the southwest corner of
Hillsdale county, m the State of Michigan, and
running from thence north, on the west line of
Raid county, to the south line of Calhoun county;
thence east, on thesouth line thereof, to the south-
east corner ofsaid last-named county; thence north,
on the east boundary of said county, to the south
line of Eaton county; thence east, on said south
line, to the southeast corner of Eaton county;
thence north,on the east boundary of Eaton coun-
ty, to the south line of Clin ton county; thence west,
on the south boundary of said county, to the
southwest corner thereof; thence north, on the
west boundary of Clinton and Gratiot counties,
to the south boundary of Isabella county; thence
west, on its south boundary, to the southwest
corner of said last-named county; thence north,
on the west line of Isabella and Clare counties, to
thesouth boundary of Missaukee county: thence
east, on its south boundary, to the southeast
corner of Missaukee county; thence north, on
the east line of Missaukee, Kalcasca, and An-
trim counties, to thesouth boundary [of] Emmet
county; thence east to the southeast corner of
Emmet county; thence north, on the east bound-
ary of Emmet county, to the Straits of Mackinac;
thence north to rmd way across saul straits; thence
westerly, in a direct line, to a point on the shore
of Luke Michigan where the north boundary of
Delta county reaches Lake Michigan; thence west
on the north line of Delta county, to the north-
west corner of said Delta county; thence south,
on the west boundary of said county, to the di-
viding line between the States of Michigan and
"Wisconsin in Green I5ay; thence northeasterly,
on the said dividing line, into Lake Michigan;
and thence southerly, through Lake Michigan,
to the southwest corner of the State of Michigan,
on a line that will include within said boundaries
the waters of Lake Michigan within the admiralty
jurisdiction of the State of Michigan; thence ensi,
on the south boundary of the State of Michigan,
to the intersection of the west line of Hillsdale
county. The judicial center of which district
shall be at Grand Rapids, in the county of Kent,
where the courts of said district shall be held.
The eastern district shall embrace all the other
territory of the State of Michigan and ail other
waters ofsaid State not embraced within the fore-
going boundaries of said western district. The
judicial center of said eastern district shall be at
Detroit, in the county of Wayne, where the courts
of said district shall be held.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there
shall be two terms of the circuitand district courts
begun and held in eacli of said districts, to wit:
At tlie city of Detroit, for the eastern district, on
the iirstTuesday in June, November, and March,
in each year; and at the city of Grand Rapids, for
the western district, on the third Monday of May
and third Monday of October in each year. And
the said courts are hereby authorized to hold ad-
journed terms when the business before the courts
shall, in the opinion of the court, require it.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That all suits
and other proceedings, of whatever name or na-
ture, now pending in the circuit or district courts
of the United States for the district of Michigan,
shall be tried and disposed of in the circuit and
district courts, respectively, for the eastern dis-
trict of Michigan, in the same manner as the same
would have been in case said State had not been
divided into two districts; and for that purpose the
jurisdiction-is reserved to said courts in the east-
ern district; and the clerk of the circuit and dis-
trict courts for the present district of Michigan
shall remove the records and files of the said cir-
cuit and district courts to the city of Detroit, and
do and perform all'the duties appertaining to his
office within the eastern district; and all process
and other proceedings taken or issued, or made
returnable to the circuit or district court for the
present district of Michigan, shall be returnable
at the next term of the said courts, respectively,
in the eastern district of Michigan.
Sec. 4. And be-it further enacted, That upon the
application of any party to any suit now pending
which would have been commenced in the west-
ern district if this act had been in force before the
commencement of said suit, the proper court may,
and, if all parties consent, shall, order that the
same be removed for further proceedings to the
proper court for the western district; and there-
upon the clerk shall transmit all the papers in the
cause, with a transcript of the order of the removal,
to the clerk of the court to which the said suit shall
bo removed; and all further proceedings shall be
had in said court as if the suit had been originally
commenced therein.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the pres-
ent judge of the district of Michigan be, and he is
hereby, assigned to hold said courts in the east-
ern district of Michigan, and shall exercise the
same jurisdiction and perform the same duties
within said district as he now exercises and per-
forms within his present district.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted^ That final pro-
cess upon any judgment or decree entered in the
circuitordistrictcourtof the United States for the
distnctof Michigan, and all,other process for the
enforcement of any order of said courts, respect-
ively, in any cause now pending therein, except
causes removed as hereinbefore provided, shall be
issued from and made returnable to the proper
court for the eastern district of Michigan, and
may run and be executed by the marshal ofsaid
eastern district in any part of said State.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That there be
appointed a district, judge for the said western
district of Michigan, who shall possess the same
powei.s «iud do and perform all such duties in his
district as are now enjoined or in any wise apper-
taining to the present district judge for the district
of Michigan; and the district judge of each dis-
trict shall be entitled to the sanie compensation as
by law is provided for the present judge for the
district of Michigan.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted} That there be
appointed one person as districtattorney, and one
person as marshal, for said western district, whose
terms of appointment and service, as well as du-
ties and emoluments, shall be the same with those,
respectively,appertaining to the said offices in the
district of Michigan. And said marshal shall give
the same bond that other marshals are required to
give, to be approved and recorded as now directed
by law: Provided t That the present district attor-
ney of the disti ict of Michigan shall be the district
attorney of the eastern district, and retain the
charge of all suits already commenced until final
termination, unless the President of the United
States shall otherwise-direct, and the present mar-
shal of the district of Michigan shall be the mar-
shal of the eastern district, during their respective
official terms.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That all suits
hereafter to be brought in either of said courts not
of a local nature, shall be brought in the court of
the district where the defendant resides; but if
there be more than one defendant, and they reside
in d liferent disti icts, the plain tiff may sue in either,
and send a duplicate writ against the defendants,
directed to the marshal of the other district, on
winch an indorscinontshall be made that the writ
thus sent is a copy of a writ sued out of the court
of the proper district; and the said writs, when
executed and returned into the office from whcnce
they issued, shall constitute one suit,and be pro-
ceeded in accordingly.
Approved, February 24, 1863.
Chap. LV.—An Act to establish certain Post
Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following be established as
post roads:
california.
From Colusa to Bear Valley.
From Folsom to Lincoln.
From Trinity Centre, via Summerville, Cecil-
vilie, and Centreville, to the Forks of Salmon
River, Klamath county.
missouri.
From Warrenton to Troy.
From Warrenton to Pinkney.
From St. Charles to Elsah, in Jersey county,
Illinois, via Portage de Sioux.
From Wellsburg, by Chain of Rocks, Bailey 's,
Chantilly, and Snow Hill, to New Hope, in Lin-
coln county.
From Mount Yernon to Carthage, via Bowei's
Mills.
illinois.
From Peru Station to Blue Grass.
indiana.
From Knox to Hamlet.
From Bristol', Indiana, via Osborn's Corners,
to Brownsville, Michigan.
From Wilmot, via Indian Village, Cromwell,
to Ligonier.
From Brookvillc to Sumanville.
iowa.
From Des Moines, via Adelphia, Vandalia,
Bennington, and Red Rock, to Knoxville.
From Sioux City to the Yancton Agency, Fort
Randal, Fort Pierre, Fort Berthol, Fort Union,
mouth of Milk river, Fort Benton, Sun River
Farms, Deer Lodge, to Bitter Root Valley.
From Masonville to Marion.
kentucky.
Fiom Vanceburg, via Kinny Mills and the
mouth of Laurel, to Olive Hill.
nebraska.
From Omaha City, via De Witt, to West Point.
From Omaha City,via Hazleton, to ForestCity
From Fiemont, via Jalapa, to West Point.
From Columbus, via Momoc, to Genoa.
From Columbus to Camden.
From Nebraska Centre, via Elm Creek, Buffalo
Creek, mouth of North Fork of Platte River, and
Lodge Pole Creek, to Boulder City, Colorado
Territory.
From Fort Laramie, via Deer Creek, Platte
Bridge, Green River and Fort Bridger, to Salt Lake
City, Utah Territory.
From Cottonwood Springs, via Republican
Fork, to Fort Riley, Kansas.
Fiom Plattsmouth, via Plattsford and Forksof
Salt Creek, to Camden.
* From Brownsville, via St. Frcdcrick, Tecum-
seh, Vesta, and Austin, to Camden.
UTAH.
From Beaver, via Greenville and Fort Adams,
to Minersville.
From Payson to Goshen.
new york.
From Boonville, via East Road, to Port Ley-
den, and thence, via River Road, to Lyons Falls.
From Pittsfield, Pennsylvania, viaFreehol'd and
Lottsville, to Broken Straw.
ohio.
From New England to Amesville.
From Braceville to Farmington.
From Greenville, via Clapboard Town, Dill's
Station, Beansville, Nevada, Brock, to North Star,
in Darke county.
pennsylvania.
Fro m Mapleton, the present terminus of route
number twenty-five hundred and eightv-three, to
Newtown.
From Pittsburg to West Middleton.
From Germantown to Silver Rock.
From New Germantown to Concord.
From duakertown, via Richlandtown, Pleas-
ant Valley, Springtown, and Durham, to Riegles-
viile.
