1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-tOBEi
Laws of the United States.
37M GONG, .. . 3D
From Pike, via Wyulusing, to Dus!iore.
Prom Pleasantville, via Tionesta, to Clarion.
Prom New Germantown, in Perry county, to
Concord, in Franklin county.
Prom Milton,Northumberland county,to Lew-
istonville, in the county of Montour.
From West Nanticoke, via Harvey's Creek, to
Silver Rock.
From Stroudsburg, in Monroe county, via Sny-
dersville, Keliersville, and Fennersville, to Broad-
headsville.
From Kelly's Station, on the Alleghany Val-
ley railroad, to Cochran's Mills, in Armstrong
county.
From Reading, via Adams', Brownsville, and
Klop's Store, to Womelsdorp.
From New Germantown, Perry county, to
Concord, in the county of Franklin.
wisconsin.
From Wausau to Jenny.
From Waupacca, via Amherst, to Plover.
west virginia.
From Kingwood, via Albright, to Portland.
colorado.
From Denver to Bear Canon, on the head-
waters of West Plumb Creek.
From Golden City to Ralston Creek.
dakota.
From Mankato, Minnesota, via Madalia,
Ashipman,Randolph Lake,Stevens Lake, north
and south bends of the Des Moines river, Lake
Graham, Blue Mound, Sioux Falls, Upper James
Crossing, Yankton, Smutty Bear's Camp, Bon
Homme, Wannavi, Tuflfsvilie, (or Neshuda,)
Phiibrick's Crossing, (or Choteau,) and Green-
wood, to Fort Randall.
From Elkpoint, via Brule Creek and Valley of
Bix Sioux river, to Sioux Falls City.
Prom Great Salt Lake City, Utah, via Ogden
City, Cache Valley, Snake River Ferry,and Ban-
nack City, to Fort Benton.
nhvada.
From Chico, California, via Susanville, to
Humboldt City.
washington.
From Fort Laramie, Nebraska, to Hell Gate,
Washington.
Sec. 2. Jiad be it further enacted, That the true
intent and meaning of the eighth section of the
act entitled " An act making* appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth day of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two,"shall be taken,
deemed, and construed to be directory to the Post-
master General to make the mail service on the
route therein mentioned semi-weekly fbr the pe-
riod therein provided.
Sec. 3. Jindbe it further enacted. That the Over-
land Mail Company no\v engaged ineanying the
United States mail from Saint Joseph, Missouri,
to Placervilie, California, shall have the privilege
of occupying the public lands where their stations !
are fixed at the rate of not more than one for every |
ten miles of the route on which said company :
carry the said mat!, and shall have preemption !
right therein of any land,, not rnincial, arid not j
disposed of or reserved, or to which a preemption j
or homestead claim has not attached when the ]
same shall be brought into market to the extent 1
of one hundred and sixty acres, to be selected ]
contiguous to and to include their improvements; ■
said preemption right being in lieu of the same i
heretofore granted by the twelfth section of the '
act approved third March, eighteen hundted and ;
fifty-seven, entitled "An act making appropna- |
lions for the sei vice of the Post Office Department ;
during the fiscal year ending thirtieth June, eigh- j
leen hundred and fifty-eight." j
Approved, February 24, 1863. j
the northern boundary of the Territory of New
Mexico to the southern boundary line of said
Territory of New Mexico be, and the same is
hereby, erected into a temporary government by
the name of the Territory of Arizona: Provided,
That nothing contained in the provisions of this
act shall be construed to prohibit the Congress of
the United States from dividing said Territory or
changing its boundaries in such manner and at
such time as it may deem proper:' Provided, far-
ther > That said government shall be maintained
and continued until such time as the people resid-
ing in said Territory shall, with the consent of
Congress, form a State government, republican
in form, as prescribed in the Constituflbn of the
United States, and apply for and obtain admis-
sion into the Union as a State, on an equal foot-
ing with the original States.
Sec. 2. Jlndhe it further enacted, Thntthegov-
ernment hereby authorized shall consist of an
executive, legislative, and judicial power. The
executive power shall be vested in a Governor.
The legislative power shall consist of a Council of
nine members, and a House of Representatives of
eighteen. The judicial power shall be vested in
a supreme court, to consist of three judges, and
such inferior courts as the Legislative Council may
by law prescribe. There shall also be a secretary,
a marshal, a district attorney, and a surveyor gen-
eral for said Territory, who, together with the
Governor and judges of the supreme court, shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and the term of
office for each, the manner of their appointment,
and the powers, duties, and ihe compensation of
the Govei nor, Legislative Assembly, judges of the
supreme court, secretary, marshal, district attor-'
ney, and surveyor general aforesaid, with their
clerks, draughtsman, deputies, and sergeant-at-
arms, shall be such as are conferred upon ihe same
officers by the act organizing the territorial gov-
ernmentofNew Mexico, which subordinate offi-
cers shall be appointed in the same manner, and
not exceed in number those created by said act;
and acts amendatory thereto, together with all le-
gislative enactments of the Territory of New Mex-
ico not inconsistent with the provisions of this act,
are hereby extended to and continued in force in
the said Territory of Arizona until repealed or
amended by future legislation: Provided, That no
salary shall be due or paid the officers created by
this act until they have entered upon the duties
of their respective offices within the said Terri-
tory.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall neither be slavery nor in voluntary servitude
in the said Temtoiy, otherwise than in the pun-
ishment of crimes, whereof the parties shall have
been duly convicted; and all acts and parts of acts,
either of Congress or of the Territory of New
Mexico, establishing, regulating:, or in any way
recognizing the relation of masterand slave in said
Territory are hereby repealed.
Approved, February 24, 18G3.
Chap. LVI.—An Act to provide a Temporary i!
Government for the Territory of Arizona, and
for other pui poses. •!
Be ii enucttd by the Senate and House of Re pre- .1
sentatives of the. United Slates of Jhnericain Congress J
assembled, Tina all that part ot the present Ter- jj
ritory of New Mexico situate west of a line run- !>
ning due south from the point where the south- !j
west corner of the Territory of Colorado joins jt
Chap. LVlil.—An Act to provide aNational Cur-
rency, secured by a pledge of United States
Stocks, and to piovide for the circulation and
redemption thereof.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimericain Congress
assembled, Tliat there shall be established in the
Treasury Department a separate bureau, which
shall be charged with theexecution of this and all
other laws that may be passed by Congress re-
specting the issue and regulation of a national cur-
lency secured by United States bonds. The chief
officer of the said bureau shall be denominated the
Comptroller of the Currency, and shall be under
the general direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. He shall be appointed by the President,on
the nomination of the Secretary of the Treasury,
by and with the adviccand consent of the Senate,
and shall hold his office for the term of five years,
unless sooner removed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. He
shall receive an annual salary of five thousand
dollars. He shall have a competent deputy, ap-
pointed by the Secretary, whose salary shall bfe
two thousand five hundred dollars, and who shall
possess the power and perform the duties attached
by law to the offi.ee of comptroller during a^va1-
cancy in such office, attd daring his sbsencero^
inability. He shall employ, from time to tim^
the necessary clerks to discharge such dutrearftft
he shall direct, which clerks shali be appomted
and classified by the Secretary of the Treasury
in the manner now provided by law. Within fif-
teen days from the time of notice of his appoint-
ment, Uie Comptroller shall take and subscribe the
oath of office prescribed by the Constitution and
laws of the United States; and he shall give to the
United States a bond in the penalty of one hun-
dred thousand dollars, with not less than two re-
sponsible freeholders as sureties, to be approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned for
the faithful discharge of the duties of his office.
The Deputy Comptroller so appointed shall also
take the oath of office prescribed by the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, and shall give
a like bond in the penalty of fifty thousand dol-
lars. The Comptroller and Deputy Comptroller
shall not, either directly or inairectly, be inter-
ested in any association issuing national currency
under the provisions of this act.
Sec . 2. Jind be itfurther enacted, That the Comp-
troller of the Currency, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, shall devise a seal',
with suitable inscriptions, for his office, a descrip-
tion of which, with a certificate of approval by the
Secretary of the Treasury, shall be filed in the of-
fice of the Secretary of State with an impression
thereof, which shall thereupon become the seal of
office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the
same may be renewed when necessary. Every
certificate, assignment, and conveyance executed
by the Comptroller, in pursuance of any author-
ity conferred on him by law, and sealed with his
seal of office, shall be received in evidence in all
places and courts whatsoever; and all copies of
papers in the office of the Comptroller, certified
by him and authenticated by the said seal, shall
in all cases be evidence equally and in like man-
ner as the original. An impression of such seal
directly on the paper shall be as valid as if made
on wax or wafer.
Sec. 3. *ftnd be it further enacted, That there
shall be assigned to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency by the Secretary of the Treasury suitable
rooms in the Treasury building for conducting
the business of the Currency Bureau, in which
shall be safe and secure fire-proof vaults, in which
it shall be the duty of the Comptroller to deposit
and safely keep all the plates and other valuable
things belonging to hisdepartment;and the Comp-
troller shall from time to time furnish the neces-
sary furniture, stationery, fuel, lights, and other
proper conveniences for the transaction of the said
business.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be. it further macted, That the term
" United Slates bonds," as used m this act, shall
be construed to mean all coupon and registered
bonds now issued or that may hereafter be issued
on the faith of the United States by the Secretary
of the Treasury in pursuance of law.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That associ-
ations for carrying on the business of banking
may be formed by any number of persons, not
less in any case than five.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That persons
uniting to form such an association shall, under
their hands and seals, make a certificate which
shall specify—
First. The name assumed by such association.
Second. The place where its operations of dis-
count and deposit are to be carried on; designat-
ing the State, Territory, or district, and also the
particular city, town, or village.
Third. The amount of its capital stock, and
the number of shares into which the same shall
be divided; which capital stock shall not be less
than fifty thousand dollars; and in cities whose
population is over ten thousand persons, the cap-
ital stock shall not be less than one hundred
thousand dollars.
Fourth. The-names and places of residence of
the shareholders, and the number of shares held
by each of them.
Fifth. The time when such association shall
commence.
Sixth. A declaration that said certificate is made
to enable such persons to avail themselves of the
advantages of this act.
