THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
the necessity of paying it in gold and silver, you !
givehim practically the power to coin money.
This power Napoleon, in the midst of his cam-
paign of AusterlHz, complained existed in the
Bank of France, and insisted that it should be re-
strained. I may say that there is not a single diffi-
culty we ave now encountering in the finances of
thisGovernmentthat has not been discussed and
encountered in France and England during the
long wars of the^French Revolution. Napoleon,
in a letter which I find in the fifth volume of Big-
non,inspeakingof the power granted to the Bank
of Prance to issue paper money when specie pay-
ments were suspended, says:
♦{ The evil originates in the bank having transgressed the
law. What has the law done? It has given the privilege
of coining money in the foim of paper to a particular com-
pany ; but what did it intend by so doing? Assuredly that
the circulation thus created should be based on solid cied-
it. The bank appears to have adopted a most erroneous
principle, which h to discount to individuals, not in pro-
portion to their leal capital, but to the number of shares of
its capital stock which they possess. That, however, is no
real test of solvency. How many persons may be possessed
of fifty or a hundred such shares and yet be so embarrassed
that no one would lend them a single farthing? The paper
of the bank is thus issued in many, perhaps a majority of
cases, not on real credit, but on a delusive supposition of
wealth. In one word, in discounting after this manner
the bank is coining false money. So clearly do f see the
dangers of such a course, that, if necessary, I would stop
the pay of my soldiers rather than porseveie in it. I am
distressed beyond measure at the necessities of my situa-
tion, which, by compelling me to live in camps and engag-
ing nie in distant expeditions, withdraw my attention from
what would otherwise be the chief object of my anxiety,
the first wish of my heart—a good and solid organization
of all that concerns the interest of banks, manufactures,
and commerce."
Surely, when Napoleon was so jealous of the
power of the Bank of France, as William Pitt was
of the Bank of England, institutions of a national
character, under the control of the national Legis-
lature, and carefully watched by executive power,
to coin money, or which is the same thing when
specie payments are suspended, to issue paper
money, we should be jealous of the power exor-
cised by a multitude of local banks chartered by
twenty-eight States, and whose issues arc not
secured by any unifornxstandard and are not re-
strained by the obligation to redeem in coin.
This .idea expressed by Napoleon Bonaparte
embodies the real objection to bank paper money
issued in time of war when specie payments are
suspended, it is a power that ought never to be
exercised by any but the Government. It is the
power to coin money; because when a bank is-
sues its bill without the restraint of specie pay-
ments, it substantially coins money, and false
money. Sir, this is a privilege that no nation can
safely surrender to individuals or banks. It is a
privilege that ought only to be exercised by the
highest power in the Government. It ought only
to be exercised by the State itself, and that only
when the State is in danger.
Mr. Burke says that the revenue of the State is
the State, and the currency affects and controls
the revenue. Now, sir, under our present system
we cannot reoeive the revenue in the currency
common among the people. Local banks beyond
our power regulate the currency established by
the Government. We cannot have a good cur-
rency until these banks are reduced to a common
system. Upon this point, I venture to refer to an
authority which I do not like to quote, because it
is not friendly to our country; yet it is a paper con-
ducted with eminent ability—the London Times.
In a recent article on the subject of this bill, it
says:
" By the want of a paper currency that would be taken
in every State of the Union at its nominal value the Amer-
ican.- have suffered suveiely. Thedifleicut State* weie,
a1? to their bank nofes,so many foreign nations, each refus-
ing the paper of the others, except at continually varying
rates of discount. Frequently there was a greater loss on
paper taken or sent fiom an eastern ton western State than
on English bank notes convpt ted into Austrian money In
Vienna Only adept* and regular money-changers could
tell whcthei a note was current or not, the p iper of broken
or suspended banks remaining in circulation lm « aftei their
value had departed. The Fedeial Goveiumentavoided loss
by refusing all paper of every kind. Its import duties were
taken only in gold, and inland revenue it bad none. The
first appearance of a department for collecting that kind of
taxation ism the present bill proposed by Mi. Chase. But
the difficulties of the Government have compelled it to is-
<uo a paper that will pass cuirent in any p u r of the terri-
tory. Through the evils of wai the people will at lea^t gain
that deliverance from the previous contusion of their cur-
rency which to European-* appeared a barbarism. If the
social storm sweeps away the 4 wild cat' and 4 bogu«; banks
of the Union, it will have left some t-mall compensation for
Uie wreck ot better thing*. The best part of Mr. Chase's
plan is the suggestion that will probably excite the least
attention."
Sir, while I believe that no system of paper
money should depend alone upon banks, I am
far from objecting to their agencies. They are
useful and necessary mediums of exchange, in-
dispensable in all commercial countries. The
only power they derive from incorporation not
granted to all citizens is the power to issue notes
as money, and this power is not necessary for
their business or essential to their profit. Their
business connects them with the currency; and
whether it be gold or paper, they are deeply in-
terested in its credit and value. Is it not then
possible to preserve to the Government the ex-
clusive right to issue paper money, and yet not
injuriously affect the interests of the local banks?
This is the object of this bill. But it is asked,
why look at all to the interests of the banks;
why not directly issue the notes of the Govern-
ment, and thus save to the people the interest in
the debt represented by the notes in circulation?
The only answer to this question is that history
teaches us that the public faith of a nation alone
is not sufficient to maintain a paper currency.
There must be a combination between the inter-
ests of private individuals and the Government.
As this is an important principle, I venture to
refer more fully to examples of depreciated Gov-
ernment paper money.
Oar revolutionary currency, continental money,
depreciated until it became worthless. I have here
a table showing its gradual depreciation. When
it was first emitted, June 23, 1775, it was par
with gold. The last issue of $10,000,000 on the
29th of November, 1779, sold for $259,743, or as
one to thirty-eight and a half, and afterwards it
went down in the hands of the people. Over
$380,000,000 of continental scrip was issued. The
first issue was good. If our revolutionary fathers
had been able to confine the limit to something
like ten or twelvemillions, which would have been
about the same proportion as $500,000,000 to our
present condition, it would have maintained its
credit, and would have been redeemed by the Uni-
ted States. So it was with the assignats ofFrance.
They were issued at first based upon the national
domain amply secured, but they declined at a fear-
ful ratio as the issue increased. I will read a short
extract to show the precise history of those Gov-
ernment assignats, to warn Senators against tread-
ing the same downward course:
" In April, 1790, when theasMcnats were first circulated,
theii amount was stipulated at 400.000,000 francs (between
fifteen and sixteen millions sterling;) m September follow-
ing theii issue was extended to 1,200,000,000 ; m Jauuaty,
1793, they amounted to 9,626,000.000 ; in September, 1794,
to8,817,.->00.000; in 1795,9,699,500.000; and lastly, m Sep-
tember, 179G, to 4f>."579,000.000 tranes, a sum tat too enor-
mous to be expreiwd even in Butinh money, were not all
degieos of comparison fo-t m the extent of the amount. At
the peuodof then eea^inirtoconstitute paitofthe currency
of France, an a-signat of J00 fianes (about £4) was ex-
changed; for three and a half sous (about l$d. steiling) in
specie."
The issue of assignats was sustained by the
same arguments that we hear now in favor of a
continuous and unlimited issue of this kind of
paper money. Precisely the same kind of argu-
ments were enforced with all the power and elo-
quence of Mirabeau; and yet these assignats de-
preciated from the very date of his speech, day
after day; and on every fresh issue they went
still further downward and downward. The very
moment you reach the amount necessary for a
circulating medium, at that very moment the de-
preciation wtll commence, until it destroys all the
standard of values, and all the rights to property.
In Austria the same effect was produced. The
wiener wahrung of that country passed through
the same histoid of depreciation as the assignats
of France, showing an invariable law which can-
not be disregaided by any nation. This country
can maintain an issue of about four hundred mil-
lion dollars of United States demand notes, and
no more; and when you go beyond that limit—a
limit fixed by the laws of finance, which are irre-
pealable—that moment you endangeryourwhole
system. As a matter of course, you must during
a time of war issue a certain amount of paper
money as the basis of circulation or banking; but
that amount must be limited by the demand for a
circulating medium.
Mr. President, I have thus endeavored to show
that. Government paper money, unsupported by
private capital, cannot be maintained as a currency
in time of war. I have also endetrvored to show,
and did show on a former occasion, that the issuing
of notes by adiversity ofpnvate banks understate
authority,and unchecked by specie payments, is
inexpedient,destructive, and, in my opinion, un-
constitutional. The two systems cannot exist to-
gether. They will inevitably induce inflation and
ultimate bankruptcy. A good national currency
as a substitute for gold and silver can only exist
by combining the two systems; so that the Gov-
ernment may issue notes of uniform tenure prop-
erly secured, and the banks shall redeem and
maintain their credit.
I have a very curious diagram here that can
only be instructive by being seen. It purports to
be a diagram showing the progress of bank cap-
ital, bank circulation, bank deposits, and bank
loans in different periods of our national history.
It shows very clearly that the very moment the
circulating medium of the country passes beyond
the true boundary line, that very moment every-
thing else is inflated in proportion—loans, dis-
counts, and deposits; and this inflation goes on
rapidly until some sudden unforeseen eventchecks
the whole system, and it falls like a bubble to the
ground. We were instructed in our boy ish days by
diagrams showing the height of mountains and the
length of rivers; but this diagram is more instmot-
ive than any of that class. It shows" that in 1837,
the first period of inflation in this country since
1815, the loans and discounts rose to the enormous
sum of $540,000,000; the bank circulation rose to
something like three hundred and forty millions.
This was after the Bank of the United States had
ceased to exist. Everything else became inflated;
and within one year from that time there was a
general collapse and disaster all over the whole
country; the price of everything fell; and the great
body of this currency fell dead on the handy of the
people and was lost. Much of the deposits of in-
dividuals in the hands of the banks was also lost;
and more than one half of all the paper money
then in circulation was substantially worthless to
the community. The rapid change from a high
period of inflation to a serious depression was al-
most as rapid as the rise ofpric.es. In 1857, the
same rise occurred, but to a limited extent. The
loans and stocks had then risen to §740,000,000,
mostly on railroad securities. The collapse of a
bank in the State of New York, the Ohio Lile
Insurance and Trust Company, at once created a
derangement in all financial matters,and there was
then a term of great depression; so that within a
single year the loans of the banks were reduced
from $740,000,000 down to about $620,000,000,
and the circulation and everything else accord-
ingly.
Mr. President, we are already in a period of
great inflation. The Government of the United
States has either in circulation or has authoi ized
now nearly four hundred million dollars of United
States notes. We havo a bank circulation of from
one hundred and sixty toone hundred and st venty
millions. If we adopt the proposition which is
sent to us from the House of Representatives to
go on increasing our circulation by the issue of
$300,000,000 more it will create an inflation that
will inevitably lead to the derangement ot ail the
business affairs of the country. We must check
it; we must put a stop to it. Whatever may be
the hazards, we must check this over-expansion
and over-issue. If you authorize that issue of
United States notes it will be at once followed by
an issue of more bank paper, and then we shall
have the wildest speculation. Hitherto the infla-
tion has not extended to many articles. Cloth-
ing is somewhat higher; but most articles of pro-
visions still maintain their equilibrium. Real
estate has not yet been much affected by the in-
flation; but if you go on adding to yourcurrency,
depreciating the standard of values, you will have
our people within one year from this time em-
baiked in a wild series of speculations. Tlx; wild
lands of the West, which in 1837 were woith from
fifteen to twenty dollars an acre, were one year
afterwards reduced to Government prices. They
will again become inflated, and every kind of
business will be damaged and disorganized. 1
say it is a danger before which a lost battle sinks
into insignificance; and if we permit this inflation
to go on we shall do our country a greater hatm
than the confederates can possibly do by defeat-
ing any one of our armies.
The question then occurs'—theonly one, indeed,
