844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
would be guarded against all frauds and altera-
tions. There would be but five or six kinds of
notes in the United Stales, instead of the great di-
versity that there now is. This would be a great
guard. I have here a table showing the number
of counterfeit notes in this country, to which I
will refer. It is a curious and instructive expose,
by a friend of mine, who took the pains to ex-
amine into the subject:
The notes of over twelve hundred banks Have been coun-
terfeited or altered. There are in existence over three
thousand kinds of altered notes; seventeen hundred vari-
eties of spurious notes; four hundred and sixty varieties
oFiiiMtattoux; and over seven hundred of other kinds j this
arising from the great variety of bank notiw ; there homg,
at a moderate estimate, over seven thousand various kinds
of genuine biHs—some executed by good artists, and many
in nn indifferent manner
The following statistics are from reliable data as to the
years 1856 and 1862;
1856. 1862.
Number of banks ......  1,409 1,500
Number whose notes are not counterfeited, 463 253
Number of kinds of" imitations"..,  1,462 1,861
Number ol kinds ofaltorutions  1,119 3,099
Number of kinds of'4 spurious"  2-24 1,685
I ask you, sir, how is it possible to have a
currency—how is it possible for any honest man
to detect the genuine from the counterfeit, when
he has to select from seven thousand different
kinds of bank bills, and the bills of those banks
have been counterfeited; when so large a portion
of them are spurious and counterfeit? It is im-
possible. Under this system, the banks will be
saved from all this difficulty. Theie will be but
six or seven kinds of notes. They would become
familiar to us, so that every man would be a
counterfeit detector in himself, and would not be
compelled to look through a long list to ascertain
whether a bill was genuine or not. This very
fact would give a credit and currency to bank cir-
culation which it has not now.
There is another udvantage these banks would
have. They are made by this law depositories
of the public money. AM the money collected
by the collectois and vniious other Government
officers would be deposited in the banks conven-
ient or adjacent to (he collector; and these depos-
its are the most abundant and profitable source
of revenue. They would be moie stable than in-
dividual deposits. They would be paid out in
the form of checks and drafts, and would be there
in the hanks perfectly safe, secured to the Gov-
ernment by the United States bonds; and yet they
would be a legitimate source of banking profit.
XXnder the present system the laws forbid such a
thing. Local banks cannot be made a safe de-
pository. The experience of the past has shown
that they are not safe depositories; and, there-
fore, this would be an advantage which the new
banks would have over the old!
There is still another advantage. These notes
are to be receivable for taxes due to the United
States. The notes of the State hanks cannot be
leceived by any United'States officer. They aie
dishonored and disgraced from the beginning by
being refused by the national Government. The
paper of these banks will be receivable for Gov-
ernment dues. This would be again another prof-
itable source of circulation.
Under this system, Mr. President, there could
be no object for brokers, who are the natural ene-
mies to banks, to "run" upon a bank; because
the notes being all of uniform face and uniform
value, exchange being equalized all over the coun-
try, there would be no object for a 44 run," as it
is called, on a bank. I tfiink, therefore, it could
be proved to the satisfaction of every man who
is interested in these banking associations, that it
is for their interest to convert their local systems
into the national system by filing with the Gov-
ernment the security required by the law, and thus
aiding the Governmental the same time that they
aid themselves.
It may be thought, and perhaps my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Collamer] thinks, that I am hos-
tile to Suite banks. 1 am not and never have been.
I have always been friendly to ihem. But, sir,
I think that everything ought to be subordinate
now to what is necessary for the good of the coun-
try. Ail private interests, all local interests, all
banking interests, the interests of individuals,
everything, should be subordinate now to the
interests of the Government; and whenever J see
anything whatever standing in the way of what
i believe is demanded by the good of the United
States at large, I will seek, if possible, without
doing them any injury, to make them harmoni-
ous with the system adopted by the General Gov-
ernment. I believe that by the adoption of this
system you will harmonize the interests of the
local banks with the interests of the Government
of the United States.
Now, sir, what benefits do the people derive
from this system? Those benefits may be inferred
from what I have already stated. In this way
.the people would have a currency combining the
national faith with the private stock and private
credit of individuals. They would have a cur-
rency that would be safe, uniform, and convert-
ible. They would have all that can be desired
in any community: a currency limited in amount,
restrained by law, governed by law, checked by
the"powerof visitation, checked by the limitation
of liabilities, safe, uniform, and convertible in
every part of the country. When I see that the
people of the United States can derive these ad-
vantages; when I see that the Government of the
United States can derive these advantages from
this system of banks, I will not hesitate for a mo-
ment, even if I am compelled as a part of the sys-
tem to induce the withdrawal of local bank paper,
to induce them to surrenderthat which cannotsafe-
ly be exercised by any private individual in time
of war; and that is the power to issue or to coin
money; a power that should only be granted to
the Government.
Mr. President, I do not wish to pursue this ar-
gument much further; but I could show, by ref-
erence to our own history, that I seek to accom-
plish only what all the statesmen of our country
have sought to accomplish. Every party that
has been organized in this country, from the foun-
dation of the Government to this time, has, at
some period of its history, sought to accomplish
tins object of a uniform national currency. The
Federalists, under the lead of Alexander Hamil-
ton, brought order out of chaos after the revolu-
tionary war by the adoption of the United States
Bank. They gave us for twenty years a stable
currency; and without that currency the funding
system, which secured the credit of the United
States, could not have been adopted. It was only
through the agency of the Bunk of the United
States, organized in some respects upon a foun-
dation like tins, upon the basis of Government
securities, that our fathers were enabled to pay
off the revolutionary debt—to establish that wise
system by which it was gradually diminished and
finally paid oil*. When that bank expired we had
a penod of confusion and disorder. We iiad the
istmcH of local banks for four or five years, when
the Republican party, the rivals of the old Fed-
eralists, then in power, passed a bank bill under
the lead of Mr. Madison and Mr. Dallas. The
arguments at those times in this very body, and
in the House of Representatives, ni 18J5 and
1816, show that the same difficulties by winch we
aie ikuv surrounded then existed—a depreciated
and disordered paper currency, which could only
be remedied by the substitution of one national
currency. That object was accomplished by the
Republican party of Mr. Madison, by the incor-
poration of the second Bank of the United States;
and for twenty years that went on in a career of
almost uninterrupted prosperity. No one lost by
it. However, at the expiration of the charter of
the second bank, there was no longer any debt of
the United States; there was no object, so far as
the Government was concerned, in having any
kind of paper money. All the motive for paper
money had ceased, so far as the Government was
concerned. The debt was paid off. it was the
object then to cease to contract any further debt;
and, upon the basis of the facts then existing, 1
believe the adoption of the sub-Treasury scheme
was a wise and judicious plan. I was too young
to lake part in the political disputes of that time.
Probably at that time, with my natural predilec-
tions, if I had taken port, I should have been op-
posed to the sub-Treasury scheme; but looking
| on it now without any feeling, I believe the adop-
i tion of the sub-Treasury scheme was wise, and in
| timt 5 of pcace it was ample; gold and silver were
| abundantenough for a national currency,and form
| the best national currency; and were it not now
necessary by the operations of war to substitute
some other for it, 1 should not be in favor of over-
throwing any portion of that system.
The Democratic party, from 1837 to 1845,
adopted the sub-Treasury scheme as thcirnational
currency. We now, surrounded by difficulties,
surrounded by war, and in the midst of great
troubles, are compelled to resort to some scheme
by which to nationalize and arrange upon a secure
and firm basis a national currency. Every com-
mercial country in the world has adopted it, and
it is a remarkable fact that every nation of mod-
ern times that has attempted to base its currency
solely upon Government paper has utterly failed,
and has eventually repudiated that currency; but
when its currency has been supported, aided, and
combined with local banks, when the interests of
private individuals have been combined with the
Government, the issues succeeded. The Bank of
England is a striking example. The Bank of
England grew out of the loan by private individ-
uals to the Government of Great Britain ofsome-
thing like a million pounds. From that time it
has been going on increasing, never failing, and
yet the Bank of England is but a Government
machine. All the paper issued by that bank is
based upon the bonds of the Government. Not
a dollar of notes issued by that bank but what is
represented either by gold or silver, or by Gov-
ernment securities; usually tliQ Government secu-
rities are largely in excess of the circulation.
It is not necessary to resort to the history of
the Bank of England or the Bank of France to
show that no Governmentcan borrow large sums
of money from the people except through the
agency of some kind of fiscal corporation or of
individuals. There must be some intermediate
link between the people who loan the money and
the Government who borrows it; and that link,
according to the experience of nations, must be
some corporation authorized to issue, upon the
credit of the people, paper money. Every Bank
of England note, every note of the Bank of France,
is really a note of England or of France. In all the
troubles that have occurred since the foundation
ot those institutions, they have been mainly in-
strumental in supporting and sustaining the credit
of the country.
Sometimes, I know, we are told that unless we
issue this laige amount of paper money we shall
have to pay interest, and the national debt will ac-
cumulate. Why, Mr. President, a national debt,
although it is not a blessing, is yet not so danger-
ous and troublesome a thing as many Senators
think. The power of paying off a national debt,
by the means of a sinking fund, exists at any
time. The amount of tax levied by this bill will,
in forty years, pay off every dollar of the national
debt. That may seem to be a striking proposition,
but yet it is absolutely true. A sinking fund of
$1,000,000 a year,at fiv</ per cent, per annum, will
amount to $100,000,000 in thirty-five years. At
six per cent, it will be $100,000,000 in thirty-two
years; and the very tax levied by this bill upon
these banks, if applied as a sinking fund and set
apart for that purpose, would in thirty-five years
at five per cent., or thirty-two years at six per
cent., pay off $600,000,000 of the national debt. A
sinking fund of $10,000,000 annually, commenced
to-day, would m the lifetime of a single man pay
off $2,000,000,000. Sir, I do not, therefore, fear
a national debt if we only have a wise system of
finance by which it may be maintained; because
the operation of the sinking fund, as proved by
actual experiment, is so striking that in the life-
time of a single man an annuity of $10,000,000,
as I have stated, would pay off the laigest possi-
ble debt that it is anticipated can occur in our gen-
eration—that is, $2,000,000,000. 1 may here say
that it was the intention of the Committee on Fi-
nance to report as paitof this vscheme a perma-
nent sinking fund; but on reflection, as it was a
great subject, we thought it had better be deferred
until the next session of Congress, wh^n no doubt
it will be piesented for the consideration of both
Houses.
The operation of a sinking fund teaches us a les-
son of economy. One hundred thousand dollars
that you may now waste by careless legislation,
before it is paid off will, by the accumulation of
interest, amount to a very large sum, which will
have to be paid off in gold and silver. An annu-
ity of $10,000—an amount easily spent useless-
ly and foolishly—would, if set aside, in thirty-
five years pay off $],0u0,000 of debt. This fact
should teach us a lesson of economy. I know
Senators sometimes complain of efforts made to
restrict expenditures; but when you remember
I that the money now paid out in an inflated cur-
