1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reney must ultimately be redeemed in gold and
silver coin, with all the accumulated interest that
rimy gather in a period of thirty or forty or fifty
years, it furnishes us a lesson and a warning.
Mr. President, I think I have now stated all I
desire to state in regard to the merits of this bill.
I know that many are disposed to take a gloomy
view of our financial condition. I do not. Every
nation has encountered the same difficulty which
is now presented to us. Indeed, no nation in the
world has the spirit that ours 1ms evinced in this
war. Why, sir, if any man will go back and read
the simple statements of history in regard toother
wars in other countries, he will see that our finan-
cial condition is wonderful when compared with
other nations in similar circumstances. I will ask
your attention to one or two authorities on that
point, to show you to what straits the wealthiest
countriesofmoaern timeshavebeen reduced. The
financial condition of Great Britain in 1797 pre-
sents an instructive lesson, and I hope it will be
a lesson of encouragement to us all. I read from
Alison:
" The aspect of public affairs in Britain had nevei been
so clouded *ince the commencement of the war, nor, in-
deed. during the whole of the eighteenth century, as they
were at the opening of the year 1797. The return of Lord
Mahne-bury from Paris had closed every hope of termina-
ting a contest in which the national burdens were daily in-
creasing, while the prospect of success was continually
diminishing.
-Patty spirit raged with uncommon violence in every
part of the empire. Insurrections, prevailed m many dis-
tricts of Ireland, discontents and suffering in all; commer-
cial embarrassments were rapidly niereaMiig, and the con-
tinued pres-ure on the bank threatened a total dissolution
of public credit.
" The consequence of this accumulation of disasters was
a rapid fall of the public securities; the three per cents
we re sold as Iowa-, fi ry one, having fallen to that fiom
ninety e^ht, at which they stood at the commencement of
the contest Petitions for a change of ministers and an alter-
ation of Government were presented noni ahno-t every city
of note in the empire, and ihatgenWul distrust and depres-
sion pi evailed which is at once the cause and effect ol pub-
lic misfortune."'
There, sir, at the beginning; of a great war,
waged by the people of Great Britain against her
rival, France, the Government securities sank to
fifty-one per cent. Again, at the same time, you
will remember that there was a mutiny in the
fleet, which created great confusion, and led to a
still further decline in the public, securities. Ali-
son says:
"At the intelligence of tills alnrmius insurrection, the ut-
most consternation seized all classes in the nation. livejy-
thirig seemed to be failing at once ; their armies had been
defeated, lite bank had suspended payment, and now the
fleet, the piide and glory of England, seemed on tiie point
of deserting the national eolots. The citizens of London
dreaded a stoppage of the collier* and all the usual supplies
of the metropolis; the public creditors appiclieuded the
speedy dissolniion o! Government, and the cessation of
their wonted pay nient^ ftom the treasuiy.
<• Despair seized upon Hie fiimest heart* ; and such was
the general panic that the three per cents were sold as low
as forty-five, alter having been neaily one hundred beiore
the commencement o!' the war. Never, during the whole
contest, was the consternation so giear, ?md never was
England placed so near the verge of destruction.5'
This is a far gloomier view than even the most
despondent lias ever taken of our financial condi-
tion. Oar securities, running but a short time,
have always been up to from eighty to one hun-
dred and ten per cent., never below eighty. The
securities of Great Britain, which had been accu-
mulating for years, 111 the facc of and in the be-
ginning of a great war, fell at once to toity-five
pei cent. Not only thut, but during the whole
continuance of that war, waged by thatpeopie tor
over twenty years, the public securities ranged ail
the time below what they are at this moment in this
country. I have before me Cohen's Compendium
of Finance, which gives a summary of the British
debt from the beginning of the war till ]S15; but I
wiil only refer to the loans made by Great Bntam
from 1803 to i815. She sold her bundh,some three
per cents, some long annuitu s, some four per
cents, some five per cents, ut various rates. 1 he
a^re^ute of bonds sold b# tirceu thov periods
wTs =£420,905,400, or over $2,000,000,000. The
proceeds of tho«e bonds weie only <£2(j(>,ti0p,000;
so that, taking the whole of the war, the debt of
England did not bring on an average sixty-five per
cent.; and yet people in this countiy become dis-
couraged because the Go\ernment cannot borrow
atpar.'Never, in the mulstofthosegreatdiilicuUies,
did the people of that country falter in the purpose
tin y had in view. They waged that war against
their povmful rival foi twenty years, sold their
public debt below par f and carried it on with manly
spirit; and what has been the consequence? They
maintained their Government; they succeeded in
the end; and now their national debt is not felt
to them as a serious burden. Suppose they had
succumbed to the financial difficulties that gathered
around them in 1797; suppose the Opposition in
Parliament had then fulminated the decrees that
are now fulminated here; suppose that disorder
had spread over the country and broken out in
open war and mutiny, that ancient Power might
have been overthrown. Her condition then was
far worse than ours has ever been. I believe that
there is that spirit in the American people that
will carry us through these difficulties. It is wise
for us to look to the lessons of history and see
that other nations involved in a less holy cause
have struggled unfalteringly through difficulties
greater one hundred fold than ours.
In 1805, just before the battle of Austerlitz, the
securities of France could notbe sold atany price;
the emperor could not get money to pay for his
breakfast; everything was deranged; the Govern-
ment securities were so depreciated that they were
of no fixed value; the assignats had disappeared
or been converted into what they called mandate,
and they had depreciated and disappeared; the
Government credit was gone, and the ordinary
expenses of the household of the emperor could
not be carried on except by indirection. Did the
French succumb? Did that brave and warlike
people give way to the difficulties which sur-
rounded them and make what was consideied by
their rulers a dishonoruble peace ? No,sir. They
appealed to the conscription law, and gathered the
young men of Fiance around the standard of the
empire; they earned on theirGovernmentas best
they could, living from hand to mouth; and it
was not long until the sun of Austerfnz spread its
beams all over France, and victory perched upon
her banners.
Sir, I ask you whether that example does not
furnish us some encouragement and hope? Evejy
nation, like an individual, must have us trials and
trouble. Ours has not sufTeied yet as it will. I
believe yet that this is to be a war longer than
many of my friends think. I am willing to look
the difficulties in the face and fight it out. 1 want
at the commencement to secure a stable financial
system by which we can appeal to the people for
money upon which they can rely, so that the farm-
ers and the laboring men, the common people of
this country, can lend to the Government their
money through these financial organs, and thus
maintain and uphold the Government. When I
find any local inteiest however stiong, any sub-
oidmate feeling however plausible, any disaffec-
tion or treachery come from what quarter it may,
1 will strik'* it down if 1 can. Sir, we must sub-
ordinate all these interests. IIow could England
have carried on hergreat war except by the agency
of the Bank of England ? She did not resort to
Government paper money; but she borrowed
money upon the sale of her bonds, and used the
j Rink of England—which wasbutoneofherinstru-
i merits, guided wisely by the wisdom of Pitt—as a
| financial agent, just as these bankb may be used
i undei this system.
1 Fiance, at the commencement of her revolu-
: tionaiy war, when the revolutionary fervor was
1 upon her, issued in unlimited quantities the notes
'• of the people, her assignats, against the warnings
i of the wise men of Fiance. 1 he debates show
I that su''h men asNecker, till those men who knew^
something about finance, warned the people of
France against the fatal effect of an ovei-issue of
ass,gnats; but the eloquence of Muabeau carried
U, The demagogues cm i led it; the men whonp-
1 pealed rather to'lhe tempouuy inteiestsof the
moment than to the permanent interests of the
' oat'on at large. The consequence was that in a
j ehoit time all values in France were deranged;
i everything was destroyed; and it was only the
! genius of Napoleon, after innumerable victories,
i that could reconstruct upon the broken founda-
: tions of financial credit tin* superstructure which
finally can ted France through that wai, and which
is now the basis of the French financial system.
! Sir, I am not discouraged by our difficulties.
! We aie surrounded by them. Every individual,
' in the course of hm lifetime, is sutrounded by
: them. !f he, with unmanly fear, gives way, he
, is submerged; but if ho meets the difficulties
| boldly, and faces them honestly, he will come out
i iu the end. So with this country. We have the
wealth, we have the resources, we have the phys-
ical power. All we want is wisdom to guiae our
counsels, and courage and energy to lead our sol-
diers. The idea of giving way to any financial
difficulty, or resorting to any foolish expedient;
the idea of destroying everything in order to get
the benefit of two or three hundred millions of
paper money is the most unwise thing in the
world.
Under the system now proposed with the sanc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Govern-
ment of the United States nays but four per cent,
on the amount of bonds nleu in the Department,
and these banks provide a market for a greater
quantity of bonds. The banks under this sys-
tem will be the means and the medium by which
the Government can reach the money in the hands
of the people. Those who take the responsibil-
ity of defeatingameasure of this kind, unless they
can substitute something better in its place than
the unlimited issue of paper money, will take a
responsibility that I would not for my hfe as-
sume. I hflu doubts about this system; I exam-
ined them carefully; 1 weighed them all, and on
my responsibility I ..feel bound to say that, all
things considered, it is the best that can be adopted
under the circumstances to avoid that which will
be inevitable destruction.
If this bill is defeated,and we shall go on upon
the system proposed by the House of Represent-
atives, to issue an unlimited quantity of paper
money without restraint or limitation, the price
of everything will rise; the produce that we use
will rise, and the expenses of the Government
will be largely increased. Nothing now holds the
speculative chord in the city of New York except
the Senate. Unless we can devise some perma-
nent basis for a national currency, some wise
financial scheme, our people will be embarked in
reckless speculation, and a wild and eager chase
after foolish things.
But, sir, when your United States notes depre-
ciate they carry down with them United States
bonds. Some Senators think we ought to go on
issuing these notes until the mere operation of the
law of supply and demand will compel the people
to convert them into bonds. Why, sir, it is the
history of such operations that as the United
States notes go down so the bonds go down.
Stocks that I know to be worthless—inflated stocks
of broken railroad corporation—are now selling
in the city of New York for more money than the
six per cent, bonds of the Untied States, with in-
terest payable in gold and silver coin. It is one
of the tendencies of the times, and the more you
inflate your currency, and derange and disorder
matters by the issue of Government paper money,
or bank paper money based upon Government
paper money, the more you will derange values,
arid give a premium and impetus to the specula-
tion now going on. But if, by a wise system,
you induce the local banks gradually to assume
as the basis of their circulation the United States
notes, and limit the amount of those notes, because
that is indispensable, you will then furnish a
market for your bonds, by which alone you can
hope to carry on the operations of this war.
1 may be like other men who have thought a
great deal on a particular subject. [ may give to
this question an undue importance; but with me
it is all important. The establishment of a na-
tional currency, and of this system, as the best
that lias yet been devised, appears to me all import-
ant. It is more important than the loss of a bat-
tle. In comparison with this, the fate of three
million negroes held as slaves in the southern
States is utterly insignificant. 1 would see them
slaves for life as their fathers were before them,
if only we could maintain our nationality, I
would see them free, disenthralled, enfranchised,
on their way to the country from which they came,
or settled m our own land in a climate to winch
they are adapted, or transported anywhere else,
rather than to see our nationality overthrown. 1
regard all those questions as entirely subordinate
to this. Sir, we cannot maintain oar nationality
unless we establish a sound and stable financial
system; and as the basis of it we must have a
|j uniform national cuirency. So it seems to me. I
I! may be wrong; but so strong is my conviction on
ji this subject that I believe the passage of this bill,
jl by which our financial system may be harmo-
j| mzed, and by which we shall have what has al-
ii ways been desired by the statesmen of America,
