1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL: GLOBE,
Laics of the United States.
37031 Coira..-..3Dj3§f^":
may prescribe; and the directors so elected shall
hold tlieir places for one year, and uatil their suc-
cessors are elected and qualified. But any director
removing from the State, or ceasing to be the
owner of the requisite amount of stock, shall
thereby vacate his place. Any vacancy hi the
board shall be filled by appointment by the re-
maining directors. The director so appointed shall
hold his place until the next annual ejection; and
if, from any cause, an election of directors shall
not be made at the time appointed, the association
shall not for that cause be dissolved, but an elec-
tion may be held on any subsequent day, thirty
days' notice thereof having been given in a news-
paper printed, or of general circulation, in the
city, town, or county m which the association is
located, and if no newspaper is published in such
city, town, or county; such notice shall be pub-
lished in a newspaper in the county adjoining.
Sec. 41. And be it farther enacted, That every
such association shall at all times have on hand,
in lawful money of the United States, an amount
equal to at least twenty-five per centum of the ag-
gregate amount of its outstanding notes of circu-
lation and its deposits, and whenever the amount
of its outstanding notes of circulation and its de-
posits shall exceed the above-named proportion
for the space of twelve days, or whenever such
lawful money of the. United States shall at any time
fall below the amount of twenty-five per centum
of its circulation and deposits, such association
shall not increase its liabilities by making any new
loans or discounts otherwise than by discounting
or purchasing bills of exchange, payable at sight,
nor make any dividend of its profits, until the re-
quired proportion between the aggregate amount
of its outstanding notes of circulation and its de-
posits and lawful money of the United States shall
be restored: Provided, however, That clearing-
house certificates, representing specie or lawful
money specially deposited for the purpose of any
clearing-house association, shall be deemed to be
lawful money in the possession of any association
belonging to such clearing-house holding and
owning such certificates, and considered to bo a
part of the lawful money which such association
is required to have, under the foregoing provisions
of this section: Provided further, That any bal-
ance due to any association organized under this
act in other places from any association in the
cities of Boston, Providence, NewYork, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, Cincinnati, Chicago, St. Louis,
or New Orleans, in good credit, subject to be drawn
for at sight, and available to redeem their circu-
lating notes and deposits, may be deemed to be a
part of the lawful money which such association
in other places than the cities of Boston, Provi-
dence, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Cin-
cinnati, Chicago, St. Louis, and New Orleans, are
required to have by the foregoing provisions of
this section, to the extent of tlnee-fifths of the
said amount of twenty-five per centum required.
And it shall be competent for the Comptroller of
the Currency to notify any such association whose
lawful money reserve, as aforesaid, shall fall be-
low said proportion of'twenty-five per centum, to
make good such reserve; and if such association
shall fail for thirty days thereafter so to make good
its reserve of lawful money of the United States,
the Comptroller may, with the concurrence of the
Secretary of the Treasury, appoint a receiver to
wind up the business of such association, as pro-
vided in this act.
Sec. 42. And be it further enacted, That no as-
sociation shall at any tune be indebted, or in any
way liable, to an amount exceeding the amount
of its capital stock at such time actually paid ill,
and remaining undiminished by losses or other-
wise, except on the following accounts, that is to
say:
First. On account of its notes of circulation.
Second. Oil accuunt of moneys deposited with,
Of collected by, such association.
Third. On account of bills of exchange or drafts
drawn against money actually on deposit to the
credit of such association, or due thereto.
Fourth. On account of liabilities to its stock-
holders, for money paid in on capital stock, and
dividends thereon, and reserved profits.
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That iao as-
sociation shall, either iluectly or indirectly, pledge
or hypothecate any of its notes of circulation for
New Series—No. 13.
the purpose of procuring money to be paid in on
its capital stock, or to be used in its banking
operations, or otherwise.
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, That no as-
sociation, or any member thereof, shall, during
the time it shall continue its banking operations,
withdraw, or permit to be-withdrawn, either ill
form of dividends, loans to stockholders for a
longer time than six months, or in any other man-
ner, any^ortion of its capital; and if losses shall
at any time have been sustained by any such as-
sociation equal to or exceeding its undivided profits
flien on hand, no dividend shall be made; and no
dividend shall ever be made by any association,
while it shall continue its banking operations, to
an amount greater than its net profits then on
hand,deductingtherefromits losses and bad debts;
and all debts due to any association, on which in-
terest is past due and unpaid for a period of six
months, unless the same shall be well secured,
and shall be in process of collection, shall be con-
sidered bad debts within the moaning of this act.
Sec. 45. And be it further enacted, That the di-
rectors of every association shall semi-annually
in the months of May and November declare a
dividend of so much of the profits of such asso-
ciation as they shall judge expedient; and on each
dividend day the cashier shall make, and verify
by his oath, a full, clear, and accurate statement
of the condition of the association as it shall be
on that day after declaring the dividend; which
statement shall contain—
Fir^t. Theamountof the capital stock actually
paid in and then remaining as the capital stock of
such association.
Secondly. The amount of the circulating notes
of such association then in circulation.
Thirdly. The greatest amount in circulation at
any time since the malting of the last previous
statement, as shall have been exhibited by the
weekly statements of the cashier, specifying the
times when the same occurred.
Fourthly. The amount of balances and debts
of every kind due to other banks and banking
associations.
Fifthly. The amount due to depositors.
Sixthly. The total amount of debts and liabil-
ities of every description, and the greatest amount
since the making of the last previous statement,
specifying the time when the same accrued.
Seventhly. The total amount of dividend de-
clared on the day of making the statement.
Eighthly. The amount of lawful money of the
United States belonging to the association and in
its possession at the time of making the statement.
Ninthly. The amount subject to be drawn at
sight in lawful money of the United States then
remaining oil deposit with any associations, banks,
or bankers, specifying the amounts so on deposit
in the cities of Boston, Providence, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Cincinnati, Chicago,St.
Lom.s, and New Oilcans.
Tcnthly. The amount then on hand of bills or
notes issued by other banks and banking associa-
tions.
Eleventhly. The amount of balances due from
other banks', bankers, and banking associations,
excluding deposits subject to be drawn at sight
as aforesaid.
Twelfthly. The amountonhand of bills, bonds,
Itocks, notes, and other evidences of debts, dis-
counted or purchased by the association, specify-
ing particulaily the amount of suspended debt, the
amount considered bad, the amount considered
doubtful, and the amount in suit or judgment.
Thirteenthly. The value of the real and per-
sonal property held fo( the convenience of the
association, specifying the amount of each.
Foui'teenthiy. The amount of real estate taken
in payment of debts due to the association.
Fifteenthly. Theamountof the undivided prof-
its of the association.
Sixteenth!y. The total amount of the liability
to the association by the directors thereof collect-
ively, specifying the gross amount of such liabil-
ities as principal debtors, and the gross amount
of indorsers or suieties.
The statement thus made shall forthwith be
transmitted to the Comptroller of the Currency.
Sue. 4(j. And be it further enacted, Tliat every
association may take, teserve, receive, and charge
on any loan or discount made, or upon any note,
bill of exchange, or other evidence o.f det>t,,suefe,f
rate of interest or discount as, is for, the jtime,t^.gj
established rate of interest for delay in the
metitof money,in the absenceef contractfyetw.eeg^
the parties, by the laws of the sovqijiI
which the associations are respectively locateidi
and no more: Provided, koweven, That inbifesf
may be reserved or taken in advance at tlic.tjitM..
of making the loan or discount, according to tii^..
usual rulesof banking; and the knowingly taking,,
reserving, or charging of a rate of interest greater
than that allowed by this section shall be held and,,
adjudged a forfeiture of the debt or demand on
which the same is taken, reserved,.or chargeds,
but the purchase, discount, or sale of a bill; of
exchange drawn on actually existing values,antt.
payable at another place than the place of such^,
purchase, discount, or sale, at the current dis-
count or premium, shall not be considered ass,
taking, reserving, or charging interest.
Seo. 47. And be it farther enacted, That the
total liabilities of any person, or of any company,
or firm, (including in the liabilities of a company,
or firm the liabilitiesof the several members there-
of,) to any association, including liabilities as ac .
ceptor of bom fide bills of exchange, payable ou|
of the State where the association is located, shall
at no time exceed one third; exclusive of liabil-
ities as acceptor, one fifth; and exclusive of lia-
bilities on such bills of exchange, one tpnth part,
of the amount of the capital stock of such assq-,
ciation actually paid in. ~
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That no as-
sociation shall, at any time, pay out on loans or
discounts, or in purchasing drafts or hills of ex-
change', or in payment of deposits, nor shall it,
in any other mode put in circulation the notes
of any bank or banking association, which notes
shall not at atiy such time be receivable, at par,
on deposit, and in payment of debts by the asso-.
ciation so paying out or circulating such notes;,
nor shall it knowingly pay out or put in circula-
tion any notes issued by any bank or banking,
association which at the time of such paying out
or putting in circulation is not redeeming its cir-
culating notes in lawful money of the United
States.
Sec. 49. Andbe itfurther enacted, That all trans-
fer of the notes, bonds, bills of exchange, and
other evidences of debt owing to any association,
or of deposits to its credit; all assignments of
mortgages, suretieson real estate, orof judgments
or decrees in its favor; alidepositsof money,bul-
lion, or other valuable thing for its use, or for the
use of any ofits shareholders orcreditors; and all
payments of money to either, made after the com-
mission of an act of insolvency, or in contempla-
tion thereof, with a view to prevent the applica-
tion of its assets in the manner prescribed by
this act, or with a view to the preference of one
creditor to another, except in payment of its cir-
culating notes, shall be utterly null and void.
Sec. 50. And be it further enacted, That if the
directors of any association shall knowingly vio-
late, or knowingly permit any of the officers,
agents, or servants of the association to violate,
any of the provisions of this act, all the rights,
privileges, and franchises of the association de-
rived from this act shall be thereby forfeited; such
violation shall, however, be determined and ad-
judged by a proper circuit, district, or territorial
court of the United States, before the association
shall be declared dissolved; and in cases of such
violation, every director who participated in or
assented to the same shall be held liable in his
personal and individual capacity for all damages
which the association, its shaieholdet's, or any
other person, shall have sustained in consequence
of such violation.
Sec. 51. And be it further enacted, That the
Comptroller of the Currency, with the approba-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, as often as
shall be deemed nece saiy or proper, shall ap-
point a suitable person or persons to make an
examination of the affairs of every banking asso-
ciation, which person shall not be a director or
other officer in any association whose affairs he
shall be appointed to examine, and who shall
have power to make a thorough examination into
all the affairs of the association, and, in doing so(>
to examine any of the officers and agents theieot*
on oath, and shall make,a full and detailed re-
