APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
3Tih Co no.... 3d
Laws of the United jStates.
fed .States, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborers m his office, twenty-
nine thousand seven hundred and forty dollars.
- For compensation of the Register of the Treas-
ury, arid the clerks, messenger, assistant messen-
ger, and laborersin his office, fifty-three thousand
three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of theSohcitorof the Treas-
ury, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
eighteen thousand five hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in
fiis office, twenty thousand four hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer of the Light-House Board, nine thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue,and clerks,procuringdies, stamps,
adhesive stamps, paper, printing forms and regu-
lations, advertising, and any other expenses of
carrying into effect the act of July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, five hundred thousand
dollars*.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Department.
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For copying, labor, binding, sealing ships' re-
gisters,translating foreign languages,advertising,
and extra clerk hire for preparing and collecting
information to be laid before Congress, and for
miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dollars.
For compensation of temporary clerks in the
Treasury Department:' Provided, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized, in his discretion, to classify the clerks
authorized according to the character of their ser-
vices, or assign to such of them as he shall see fit
any compensation not exceeding that of clerks of
the first class, two hundred thousand dollars.
In the office of the First Comptroller:
For furniture, blank-books, binding, stationery,
public documents, State and Territorial statutes,
and miscellaneous items, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, including subscription to one
city newspaper, to be bound and preserved for
the use of the office, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, and subscription to one city
newspaper, one thousand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For stationery, office furniture, and miscella-
neous items, including two of the city newspa-
pers, to be filed, bound, and preserved, for the use
of the office, and for additional office furniture for
the contemplated increase of the clerical force of
the office, ten thousand dollais.
In the office of the Third Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office fur-
niture, carpeting, two newspapers, preserving
files and papers, bounty land service, and mis-
cellaneous items, two thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For contingent expenses of the office, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For blank-books, stationery, postage, and mis-
cellaneous expenses, in which are included two
daily newspapers, one thousand dollars.
In the office of the Treasurer:
For contingent expenses of the office, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Register:
For stationery, arranging and binding canceled
marine papers, cases for official papers and rec-
ords, and miscellaneous items, including office
furniture and carpeting, five thousand dollars.
Office of the Solicitor of the Treasury:
For stationery, laboi, and miscellaneous items,
nnd for statutes and reports, two thousand two
hundred dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Customs:
For stationery, miscellaneous stems, and office
furniture, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Light-House Board:
For stationery, miscellaneous expenses, and
postage, six hundred dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southeast Executive
Building, including the Extension.
For compensation of twelve watchmen and
eleven laborers of the Southeast Executive Build-
ing, thirteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, fuel,
light, labor, and miscellaneous items, twenty
thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
For compensation of the Secretary of the In-
terior, Assistant Secretary, and the clerks, mes-
senger, assistant messengers, watchmen, and la-
borers in his office, forty-four thousand seven
hundred dollars.
Contingent Expenses—Department of the Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For books, stationery, furniture, fuel, lights,
and other contingencies, and for books and maps
for the library, seven thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Patent Office build-
ing, fifteen hundred dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing con-
gressional journals and documents, in pursuance
of the provisions contained in the joint resolution
of Congress, approved twenty-eighth January,
eighteen hundred and £fty-soven, and act fifth
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, six
thousand dollars.
Office of Indian Affairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two of
the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and
preserved for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office,chiefclerk,and the recorder,
draughtsman, assistant draughtsman, clerks, mes-
sengers, assistant messengers, packers, watch-
men, and laborers in his office, one hundred and
seventy-five thousand four hundred and forty
dollars.
For additional clerks in the General Land Of-
fice, under the act of third March, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-five, granting bounty land,
and forlaborers employed therein, fifty-eight thou-
sand four hundred dollars: Provided, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior, at his discretion, shall be,
and he is heieby, authorized to use any portion
of said appropriation for piece-work, or by the
day, week, month, or year, at such rate or rates
as he may deem just and fair, not exceeding a sal-
ary of twelve hundred dollars per annum.
For fuel, lights, and incidental expenses attend-
ing the same, including pay of furnace-keeper,
four thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, watchmen, and laborer in his office,
thirty-one thousand nine hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
sengers, watchman, and laborers in his office, one
hundred and thirty-live thousand five hundred and
forty dollars.
For traveling expenses for a special agent, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
Pension Office:
For stationery, binding books, furniture, and
repairing the same; miscellaneous items, includ-
ing two daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound,
and preserved for the use of the office; and for
engraving and retouching plates for bounty land
warrants, printing and binding the same, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, and the clerk and messenger in his
office, four thousand two hundred dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, plans, drawings,
and other contingent expenses of the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, five hundred
dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Wisconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in his office, :
five thousand seven hundred dollars. j
For compensation of the surveyor general of i
Oregon, and the clerks in his office, five thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
California, and the clerks in hisoffice,twelve thou-
sand five hundred dollars.,.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, and the clerks in his
office, six thousand'dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
New Mexico, and the clerks in his office, three
thousand dollars.
For compensation of translator in the office of
the surveyor general of New Mexico, two thou-
sand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Kansas and Nebraska, and the clerks in his
office, six thousand $ne hundred dollars. _
For Compensation of the surveyor general of
Minnesota,and the clerks in his office,five thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general, of
the Territory of Colorado,,and the clerks in his
office, four thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
the Territory of Dakota, and the clerks in his of*
ficp, two thousand nine hundred and six dollafs
and fifty-nine cents.
For rent of surveyorgeneral'soffice in Oregon,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, including pay of messenger, two thou-
sand dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Cali-
fornia, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, including pay of mossengcr, four
thousand dollars.
For office#? nt for the surveyor general of Wash-
ington Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office ofNew
Mexico, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, fuel, and incidental expenses,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in the
Territory of Colorado, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, one thousand dol-
lars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in the
Territory of Dakota, fuel, books, stationery,and
other incidental expenses, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For salary of the recorder of land titles in Mis-
souri, five hundred dollars.
For the pay of the wages of one clerk in the
consolidated land office at Des Moines, Iowa,one
thousand dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of War, As-
sistant Secretary of War, and the clerks, messen-
ger, assistant messenger, and laborer in his office,
forty thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Adjutant General, fifty-six:
thousand nine hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Quartermaster General, forty-
four thousand seven hundred and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messengers
in the office of the Paymaster General, eighty-
three thousand eight hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the office of the Commissary General,
twenty thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger,and
laborer in the office of the Surgeon General, twelve
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of theclciks, messenger, and
laborer in the office of Topographical Engineers,
thirteen thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Chief Engineer, nine thousand
four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Colonel of Ordnance, eighteen
thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the War Department.
^Office of the Secretary of War:
J or blank-books, stationery, books, maps, ex-
tra clerk hire, and miscellaneous items, twelve
thousand dollars.
