THE CONGRESSKWATT GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1863.
New SSehiks No. 54.
Mr. HOWARD. I think, however, that there
is no such clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am sure it is here.
Mr. HOWARD. But the clause to which the
Senator points me in section twenty-four is sim-
ply a clause requiring reports of the condition of
these various institutions to be made out quar-
terly; it does not relate in any respect to the ar-
ticles of association; it has nothing to do with
them at all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Coliamer, Cowun, DoolHtle,
Fesseitdeu, Foster, flatting, Harris, {{endor.-on, Lane of
Indiana, Lane ot' Kansas, McDougatl, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Richardson,-Sherman, Sunnier, Ten Eyck, Turpie, Wade,
and Wilson of Mas>aehu<eits—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Carlilc, Clark, Davis, Di.ton,
Foot, Grimes, Harlan, ILcks, Howard, Kennedy, King,
Latham, Powell, Trumbull, and Wilkinson—16.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the adoption of the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Michigan to the sixth section.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I ask for the reading
of the fifty-fourth section.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec.54. And bat further enacted, That the president and
cashier of every such association shall cause to he.kept at
all times a full and correct list of the names and residences
of all the shareholders in the association in the office where
Its business is transacted; and such list shall be buhject to
the inspection of all the shareholders and cieditors of the
association during business hours of each day m winch
business may be legally transacted ; and a copy of buch h*t,
verified by the oath of such president or ca&hier, ^hall, at
the beginning of every quarter of a year, be tt;msmittrd to
the Comptroller of the Currency, commencing on the first
day of the first quarter after the organization of the asso-
ciation.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to consume
the time of the Senate upon this amendment, but
will simply say that the section which the Sena-
tor from Ohio has had read does not relate to the
articles of association. It simply requires a list
of the shareholders in the association to be stuck
up in the place of business in the banking house.
Mr. DAVIS. Itdocs not require it to be stuck
up.
Mr. HOWARD. It does not even require it
to be put up in a conspicuous place, but it is to be
kept there, not for the information of the public
generally, but for creditors and shareholders
simply of the association. A person not a cred-
itor or a .shareholder, therefore, would have no
right whatever to call for the inspection of even
this meager information contained upon the list.
The articles of association are required to contain
a list of the stockholders, the amount of capital
stock, the place where the business is to be carried
on, and various other important matters which it
is necessary that the public should know, just as
necessary as that the public should know the con-
tents o£an ordinary bank charter, which is pub-
lished in the statutes of a State. It stands on ex-
actly the same ground. Now, sir, how is a party
to know who are the subscribers to these articles
of association and where they reside ? How is
he to know what is to be the amount of the cap-
ital stock of the association? It cannot be ascer-
tained in any other way except by application to
the Comptroller of the Currency here m Wash-
ington, and he probably would be called upon to
submit to some costs or the payment of some fees
to obtain his authenticated copy. I do insist, Mr.
President—I do not think this a trifling amend-
ment at all—that it is important that the public
shall have means of access to these articles of as-
sociation, so that every man may know through-
out the country who is connected with associa-
tion A or association B, how it originated, what
was the capital stock, &c.
if this is not necessary, Mr. President, it is not
necessary ever to publish a bank charier. For
one, i am unwilling to conceal this information
from the public. It is just the kind of information
which is absolutely essential, not only to protect
their interests, but the credit even of each associ-
ation. With these remarks I submit the question
to the Senate.
54
Mr. SHERMAN. The proposition of the Sen-
ator is to publish these certificates with the laws
of the United States. If a thousand banks shall
b« organized under this bill, that would be two
thirds of the number of the presen^banks; atliou-
sand certificates, almost in the same words, would
be published in the laws of the United States.
What do these certificates contain ? " First, the
name of the association." That will be gathered
from every report. " Second, the place ofjts oper-
ations." That will be gathered from every report.
"Third, the amount of its capital stock, and the
number of shares into which it is divided."
" Fourth, the name and place of residence of the
shareholders." " Fifth, the time when the asso-
ciation shall commence." The time when it com-
mences will be a matter of notoriety. The bill
also provides that a statement of these facts shall
be sworn to before a judge, and certified by him,
and then recorded in Washington in the office of
the Comptroller of the Currency. Every ninety
days a statement of each bank, containing all these
facts, except a list of the stockholders, is required
to be published in the local newspapers, and also
in some general newspapers, and it is also to be
published by the Comptroller of the Currency in
his annual report. As for the names of the share-
holders, a list of them is required to be kept open
every day when business may be lawfully con-
ducted in bank, so that any note-holder may go
there at any time and know who are the stock-
holders on that day. It seems to me as much pub-
licity.is given as is necessary. Cumbering up our
laws with these certificates would be an expensive
luxury, without any good. It would be very in-
convenient.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan to the sixth section.
The amend ment was rejected—ayes eleven, noes
not counted.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move, after the word
" business," in the fourth line of the seventh sec-
tion, to insert the words " in gold or silver coin;"
so as to make the clause read:
That at least thirty prr cent, of the capital .took ol such
association shall be paid 111 at the tune of the commence-
ment of its {miking business in gold or silver coin.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course, the
proposition of the Senator from Michigan, if
adopted, would defeat the bill. It requires the
stock to be paid in gold or silver coin. That is to
say, the Senator is not willing to take from the
shareholders in these banks the lawful money of
the United States, that which we pay our soldiers
with, and in which we receive our pay.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; I would not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand.
Mr. HOWARD. I am perfectly willing to
place it on that ground. I do not desire to make
any observations 011 this amendment. I simply
address it to the good sense of the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I hope this amendment of the
Senator from Michigan will be adopted. I should
like to see the words " gold and silver''somewhere
in this bank bill. They nowhere appear in it.
The Senator from Ohio says the amendment ought
not to be adopted, because it would not allow the
shareholders to pay their subscriptions in the same
money that you pay to your soldiers; you pay
your soldiers in this paper money. I tried to get
in an amendment awhile ago to require the Gov-
ernment to receive it for its dues, and the Senator
was very much opposed to that. The Govern-
ment itself will not take the money it is paying
to the soldiers. I think the poor soldiers who ex-
pose themselves 011 the battle-field, when paid,
should be paid ill as good money as the United
States Government is willing to receive for its cus-
toms. I hope the amendment of the Senator fiom
Michigan will be adopted. It is right in itself.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not fully hear the re-
mark of the Senator from Ohio in reference to my-
self; nordo I deem it of much importance. I, sir,
confeM that I belong to that class of persons who
believe that a paper currency ought to be founded
upon coin, as a perpetual security for the redemp-
tion of that sort of circulation; and I am indis-
posed to enter upon any scheme of banking or tp
authorize any scheme of banking in which there
is practically an exclusion of the precious WieMS
as a basis of the bank circulation. I do hot',  p
other words, choose to invite a universal and per-
petual deluge of paper money in this country,
which for the next half century may banish cWt
of sight every particle of gold and silver. I think
we have plenty of gold and silver in the country
that may be brought into use by proper legisla-
tion; and I cannot consent to support a measure
like this, which ignores entirely atidfor all time
to come the use of anything in the shape of goW
and silver as the basis of circulation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Coiiamcr, Davis, Foot, Grimes,
Henderson, Howard, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana,
Latham, McDougall, Powell, Richardson, Saulsbury,
Trumbull, Turpie, Willey, and Wilson of Missouri—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Ciark, Dixon, Doo-
little, FessondcJh Foster, Harding, Harlan, Harris, Hieks,
Howe, Lane of Kansas, Mouill, Pomeroy, Rice, Sherman,
Sumner. Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachu-
setts—SI.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I propose to amend on paga
19, section thirty-five, by striking out in the sec-
ond and third lines the words "the lawful money,?*
and inserting " gold or silver cojn," so as to read:
That if any such association shall at any time fail to re-
deem in gold or silver coin of the United States all its cir-
culating notes.
I desire this amendment to be adopted, because
I do not think any paper money should be issued
except it be convertible nt the counter at which It
is issued into gold or silver coin upon presenta-
tion. I think the history of bank operations shown
that if paper money is issued on any other basis,
it has not been to the advantage of the country or
the people.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I have an amendment to offer
as an additional section:
*1 nd be it furtikcr enacted, That no banking association
shall be fouhdeu under this act without the consent of tb'o
State In which it is to be located having been first obtained.
This amendment, I think, presents a grave
constitutional question, I do not believe Con-
gress has the power by any law that it may pass
to authorize the formation in the States of this
union of private corporations for banking or any
other purposes. I think whenever the Federal
Government attempts to exercise such a power,
it is encroaching on the reserved rights of the
States.
Besides, if Congress had any such power, i
think it would be very impolitic to attempt to ex-
ercise it; because, if this bill passes, and another
one which is in its rear, providing for a tax upon
the circulation of the State banks, all the State
banks will he driven out of existence, which I
think would be a very serious injury to the peo-
ple of the States. I do not think that, even if we
had the power, we should force, by any act of
ours, private corporations of this kind on the peo-
ple of the States, unless the States themselves con-
sent to it. I have before me the last annual report
of the superintendent of the banking department
of the State of New York, and I find that in that
report he raises this very objection; and he says,
furthermore, that if this bill shall be passed by
Congress, and any such thing shall be attempted
in that State, he will meet it by injunction. I hava
no doubt that will be the case in-many of the Stated
of this Union. If this bill shall become a law,
any State that desires these corporations to exist
within its limits will no doubt give its consent by
legislative enactment. I feel very confident the
people of Kentucky do not want your banks that
will be organized under this hill. We have a bank-
ing system there with which our people are famil-
iar, in which they have the utmostconfidence, and
which has subserved our wants for many years.
Our people are satisfied with our banking institu*
