850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
ticms. We confidence in. them. They have
subserved.allthe purposes of banks in that State
to dur entire satisfaction, and consequently we do
tfot-wish that system driven out by any action of
this Government; and I dare say that is the case
in,many of the States of the Union. But if this
Jill should pass, and the people of Kentucky, the
people of Vermont, the people of New York, or
the people of Massachusetts, or any other State,
desire these corporations to be formed within their
Suites,you should give them at least the privilege
of consenting to it before you force it upon them.
It is a grand scheme of consolidation; one that,
in my judgment, will become dangerous to the
public liberties, and I believe that it should not
Be forced upon the people of the States, particu-
larly when it is forced there to destroy their bank-
ing institutions. 1 therefore hope that the amend-
ment will be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer three sections to be
added at the end of the bill:
•find be it furthei enacted, That any bank or banking as-
sociation anthouzed by any State Jaw to engage in the busi-
ness of banking, ami duty "organized under such State Jaw,
and whivh shall be the holder and owner of United States
bonds to the amount of litty per cent, of its capital stock,
may transfer and deliver to the Treasurer of the United
States such bonds, or any part thereof, in the manner pto-
vided by this act, and upon making such uansfer and de-
livery such bank or banking association shall be entitled to
receive from the Comptroller of the Currency circulating
notes as herein piovided, equal in araountto eighty per cent,
of the amount ofihe bondaso transterred and delivered.
J3nd beit further enacted,That upon the failure of any such
State banUor banking association to redeem any of its cir-
culating notes ihsncd under the provisions of tlx"; preceding
section, tho Comptrollei of the Currency shall , whon baiia-
fied that such default ha* been made, and within thirty days
after notice of such default, proceed to declaie the bonds
transferred and delivered to the Trea>urer, forfeited to the
United State*, and the same shall thereupon be forfeited
accoidingly, and thereupon tho circulating notes which
rhave been issued by such bank or banking association shall
be redeemed and paid at the Treasury ol the United States
In the same manner as other circulating notes is*ued under
the provisions of this act aie redeemed and paid.
Jlnd be it fioihcrenaitc-L That the bonds forfeited as pro-
vided in the last preceding section may be canceled to an
amount equal to the eiiculating notes tedeetned and paid;
or such bonds may be sold under the dhectiori of the s>ec-
' retary of the TifManry, and after retaining out of the pro-
ceeds a sum sufficient to pay the whole amount of calcu-
lating notes for the redemption of which *ueh bonds are
held, tin; smp!u<, if any remains, shall be paid to the bank
or banking association tor which such bonds were received.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to move an
amendment on page 5, section six, line ten, to
strike out the word" fifty" and i#ert the words
44 three hundred;" so that the clause will read:
The amount of Its capital stock and the number of shares
into which the same shall be divided; which capital stock
shall not be less than ,§300,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that amendment, will
not be agreed to. There arc many of the State
banks, I* am told, that have a capital of $10,000
and $25,000; and $50,000, in small communities,
was thought to be the minimum. In lwgc ciiios
the bill provides (hat it shall not be less than
$100,000. I hope it will not be changed. Many
communities with small capital, especially in the
new States, will want to avail themselves of a
bank of this sort. An application was made to
the Committee on Finance to reduce it to §25,000,
to enable small, poorer communities to have the
benefit of local banks. Fifty thousand dollais was
put as the minimum; and 1 hope it will be left
so. In the larger communities the minimum is
$100,000. Three bundled thousand dollars would
be entirely loo large a sum for a sparse community.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not very particular
about the amendment, but it struck me that some-
thing of this sort ought to be adopted. I do not
believe that all the advantages expected by the
Senator from Ohio will be derived from the pas-
sage of this bill. Our experience in the West of \
banking upon public stocks is a very sad one in-
deed. I suppose that at some period of time this
war will be over, and that an effort will be made
to have these banks redeem their circulation in
coin. J am very well satisfied that when peace
does return, none of these banks can keep any cir-
culation out amongst the people without u thor-
ough redemption in coin. It is unnecessary for ;i
us to attempt to enforce upon the people a ctrcu- \ \
fating medium which, in time of peace, is not ie~ 'i
. dyeoiable in com. It must be apparent to every j"
gentleman that the Slates themselves will have any ji
number of Banks incorporated, and we cannot pre- !l
vent it; and they will require of them to redeem in
coin, and they will redeem in coin, and of course
a circulating medium of that kind would be prefer-
able.
Now, my objection to the clause under consid-
eration is simply this: every man who can get
into his hands $50,000 of the bonds of the United
States, or every five men who can get into their
hands that amount of paper, can go and establish
a bank, and make its issues redeemable at the most
obscure possible points throughout the country;
and that, as 1 understand, would be an incorpo-
rated company, to last for the next twenty years.
Am 1 mistaken ?
Mr. SHERMAN. You are right.
Mr. HENDERSON. Can we, during that
time, change the locality of this bank? feurely
not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The lawful money of the
United States is fixed by Congress; and Con-
gross may at any time change what is now law-
ful money, and make gold and silver the lawful
money.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am speaking of the
locality of the bank.
Mr. SHERMAN". I was answering the other
question. The lawful money can be fixed by Con-
gress. As to the locality of the bank, the very
moment the bank fails to pay its notes the Gov-
ernment sells its securities; the securities are in
the bonds of the Government; and it may seize
all the assets of the bank.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is in reality one of
the difficulties under which I labor in regard to
this bill. I do not want inaccessible points selected
for the redemption of this paper; and it strikes me
that if banking is permitted upon §50,000 worth
of this paper you will have banks at every con-
ceivable point throughout the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. They will have to buy our
bonds in order to make the batiks, and that will
furnish us with just what we want.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 should have no objec-
tion to the establishment of one bank and branches.
I should have no objection to the adoption of the
system alluded to by the gentleman so very elo-
quently this morning, the establishment of a Bank
of the United States, under such restrictions as
might be adopted; and I believe now it would be
infinitely better than the adoption of this measure.
At the same time, I have not made up my mind
to vote against the measure at all; but when 1 am
legislating for the present, and the effeet of that
legislation is to pass through all future time, as
it were, I desire to limit it as far as possible and
invoke as much good as and avoid all the evils
that I can.
Now, sir, it is certainly better that we have as
few of these banks as possible. I see no neces-
sity of establishing banks all over the country.
One of the difficulties alluded to by the Senator
from Michigan is certainly very apparent to every
one, and it ih the difficulty now existing, the dif-
ficulty urged against tho State banks. We do not
know the character of their charter; we do tint
know where they are located; we do not know all
the facts connected with them. Of course, many
of those difficulties will be removed under the
present system; but if this paper can be made re-
deemable at every inaccessible point throughout
the West, throughout the East, throughout the
North, and throughout the South, it seems to me
thousands of difficulties will be presented. In my
judgment, it would be infinitely better to compel
them to have alarger capital and to have fewer of
them. In reality, these banks ought not to be
established except in great commercial centers.
If the States had adopted a plan of that charac-
ter in the organization of their State banks, many
of the difficulties experienced by the people of
the different States would never have been suf-
feted at all.
What is the difficulty in the State banking sys-
tem now ? It is that, although the parent banks
are established at commercial centers, the circu-
lation of the banks is generally the circulation
of branch banks located at inaccessible points
within tho^e States. In fact, the parent banks
are generally without much circulation, for the
very reason that money flows to these commer-
cial centers. Will not that difficulty be presented
under this system? Most unquestionably it will.
If wo are going to enter upon a system which
will give to tho people of this country a larger
circulation than they now have under all the State
banks, a circulation of $300,000,000, it seems to
me we ought to look a little to those great princi-
ples that govern financial operations, and which
ought to govern them in all time to come. My
object is to avoid the establishment of banks in
those inaccessible places. It will be better for the
people in the end. 1 hope, therefore, the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senate will not
adopt the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Missouri, if there is a reason why we should
have these banks, as I think there is, we ought
not to block the way, or throw so many obstacles
in the way that it will be impossible to establish
them. If these banks are desirable, I think they
are particularly desirable in the West in rho new
States, where we have always suffeied from a de-
preciated currency} where the best currency we
can get is the currency of some local bank in New
England or Now York. Wc have had no cm rency
of our own; and when we came to pay our debts
in New York or Philadelphia we have suffered a
depreciation, and have paid two per cent., three
per cent., and five per cent, sometimes in ex-
change. One of the chief reasons why I shall vote
for this bill—if I vote for itat all,as 1 think 1 shall—
is because I think it will give us, especially in the
West, more uniformity and a better currency than
we can have under any system as u now exists.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my friend will allow
me, on that point I desire to ask him a question.
Under the operation of this bill, if they are re-
deemable, at different places, will the bills which
are issued by these associations be at par all over
the country ?
Mr. POMEROY. I think they will be meas-
urably at par. They will always be at a little
depreciation, perhaps half of one per cent. Our
exchange may be a half or three fourths of one
percent. If they are receivable fortaxesand pub-
lic dues, with the exception of custom-house du-
ties, they will be at par or nearly so; so that the
groat depreciation from which we have heretofore
suffered will not exist under this system. But if
this amendment prevails, and if we cannot organize
banks with a less capital than $300,000, we shall
not be able to organize any in the new States.
Capital does not exist there m that amount. The
reason why I think they can be organized under
this bill is, that with a capital of $50,000 they are
within the reach of very many men in the new set-
tlements; but a capital of $300,000 is entirely out
of their reach. The bill is so carefully drawn, so
carefully guarded, and there are so many obsta-
cles thrown in the way, that my fear is that very
many banks will not be organized as the bill now
stands. In New England and New York, where
their State bonds arc at par nud above par, and
where they are allowed to do banking on State
bonds, I can see a great many reasons why they
might prefer that system and make more money
out of it than to go into a system of ban king on the
bonds of the United States. To increase the diffi-
culties in the way of organizing these banks will
be to stop the sale of United States bonds and the
relief we expect from the bill. That relief is to
open a market for our bonds. I think this amend-
ment, if it should be insisted upon, will nearly
defeat the object we have in view.
Mr.-HENDERSON. 1 may be mistaken in
the wording of this bill; but I think I am not. If
1 understand it, the capital stock of the bank is
not to be less than $50,000. Am I mistaken—if
so the Senator from Ohio will correct me—in the
idea that on the payment of thirty per cent, of
that amount, the bank may commence business;
that is, upon filing $15,000 worth of bonds with
the Treasurer, they may receive these notes and
commence banking business.'
Mr. SHERMAN. They must pay in thirty
per cent, at the commencement, and ten per cent,
every sixty days after that.
Mr. HENDERSON. Am I not correct in sup-
posing that any little shaving shop may, on filing
fifteen per cent, of this amount, commence issuing
these notes, redeemable at the most inaccessible
points in the country?
Mr. SHERMAN. They must pay in at least
thirty per cent, before commencing business.
Then, in sixty days after that, they are to pay
another ten per cent., and sixty days after that
another ten per cent., and so on; and it is all to
be paid in little over six months.
