1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
37IK CON OK... to SES&.
guilty of a high misdemeanor, and on conviction
before any court of the United States having ju-
risdiction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not
exceeding ten thousand dollars, and by imprison-
ment not less than six months nor exceeding five
years.
Sec. 2. Jlnd* be it further enacted, That where
the offense is committed in any foreign country,
the district court of the United States for the dis-
trict where the offender shall be first arrested shall
have jurisdiction thereof.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
Chap. LXI.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to prevent Members of Congress and
Officers of the Government of the United States
from taking Considerations for procuring Con-
tracts, Office, or Place from the United States,
and for other purposes."
Be it enacted by (he Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj\%merica in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of said act shall be
so construed as to embrace any agent of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
Chap. LXVJI.—An Act to prevent and punish
Frauds upon the Government of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That any person in the land or naval
forces of the United States, or ih the militia in ac-
tual service of the United States, in time of wir,
who shall make or cause to be made, or present
or cause to be presented for payment or approval
to or by any person or officer in the civil or mil-
itary service of the United States, any claim upon
or against the Government of the United States,
or any department or officer thereof, knowing
sucii claim to be false, fictitious, or fraudulent;
any peison in such forces or service who shall,
for the purpose of obtaining, or aiding in obtain-
ing, the approval or payment of such claim, make,
use, or cause to be made or used, any false bill,
receipt, voucher, entry, roll, account, claim, state-
ment, certificate, affidavit, or deposition, knowing
the same to contain any false or fraudulent state-
ment or entry; any person in said forces or ser-
vice who shall make or procure to be made, or
knowingly advise the making of any false oath to
any fact, statement, or certificate, voucher, or en-
try, for the purpose of obtaining, or of aiding to
obtain, any approval or payment of any claim
©gainst the United States or any department or
officer thereof; any person in said forces or ser-
vice who, for the purpose of obtaining or enabling
any other person to obtain from the Government
of the United States, or any department or officer
thereof, any payment or allowance, or the ap-
proval or signature of any person in the military,
naval, or civil service of the United States, of or
to any false, fraudulent, or fictitious claim, shall
forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to he
forged or counterfeited, any signature upon any
bill, leceipt, voucher, account, claim, roll, state-
ment, affidavit, or deposition; and any person in
said forces or Service who shall utter or use the
snme as true or genuine, knowing the same to have
been forged or counterfeited; any person in said
forces or service who shall enter into any agree-
ment, combination, or conspiracy to cheat or de-
fraud the Government of the United States, or
any department or officer thereof, by obtaining,
or aiding and assisting to obtain, the payment or
allowance of any false or fraudulent claim; any
person in said forces or service who shall steal,
embezzle, or knowingly and willfully misappro-
priate or apply to his own use or benefit, or who
shall wrongfully and knowingly sell, convey, or
dispose of any ord nance, arms, ammunition, cloth-
ing, subsistence stores, money, or other property
of" the United States, furnished or to be used for
the military or naval service of the United States; ;
any contractor, agent, paymaster, quartermaster,
oj other person whatsoever in said forces or ser- j
vice having chaige, possession, custody, or con- ;
trol of any money or other public property, used J i
ot to be used in the military or naval service of "
(he United States, who shall, with intent to de-
I fraud the United States, or willfully to conceal
: such money or other property, deliver or cause
to be delivered to any other person havingauthor-
ity to receive the same, any amountofsuch money
or other public property less than that for which
he shall receive a certificate or receipt; any per-
son in said forces or service who is or shall be au-
thorized to makeordeliverany certificate,voucher,
or receipt, or other paper, certifying the receipt
of arms, ammunition, provisions, clothing, or
other public property so used or to be used, who
shall make or deliver the same to any person with-
out having full knowledge of the truth of the facts
stated therein, and with intent to cheat, defraud,
or injure the United States; any person in said
forces or service who shall knowingly purchase
or receive, in pledge for any obligation or indebt-
I edness, from any soldier, officer, or other person
called into or employed in said forces or service,
any arms, equipments, ammunition, clothes, or
military stores, or other public property, such
soldier, officer, or other person not having the
lawful right to pledge or sell the same, shall be
deemed guilty of a criminal offense, and shall be
subject to the rules and regulations made for the
government of the military and naval forces of the
United States, and of the militia when called into
and employed in the actual service of the United
States in time of war, and to the provisions of this
act. And every person so offending may be ar-
rested and held for trial by a court-martial, and if
found guilty shall be punished by fine and impris-
onment, or such other punishment as the court-
martial may adjudge, save the punishment of
death.
Sec. 2. J!hid be it further enacted, That any per-
son heretofore called or hereafter to be called into
or employed in such forces or service, who shall
commit any violation of this act and shall after-
wards receivo his discharge, or be dismissed from
the service, shall, notwithstanding such discharge
or dismissal, continue to be liable to be arrested
and held for trial and sentence by a court-mar-
tial, in the same manner and to the same extent
as if he had not received such discharge or been
dismissed.
Sec. 3. And be it farther en acted) That any per-
son not in the military or naval forces of the Uni-
ted States, nor in the militia called into or actually
employed in the service of the United States, who
shall do or commit any of the acts prohibited by
any of the foregoing provisions of this act, lie shall
forfeit and pay to the United States the sum of two
thousand dollars, and, in addition, double the
amount of damages which the United States may
have sustained by reason of the doing or com-
mitting such act, together with the costs of suit;
and such forfeiture and damages shall be sued for
in the same suit, and every such person shall in
addition thereto, on conviction in any court of
competent jurisdiction, be punish'ed by imprison-
ment not less than one, nor more than five years,
or by fine of not less than one thousand dollars,
and not more than five thousand dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sev-
eral district courts of the United States, the cir-
cuit couit of the District of Columbia, or any
court therein to be established having general ju-
risdiction in civil cases, the several district courts
of the Territories of the United States within
whose jurisdictional limits the person doing or
committing such act shall be found, shall, where-
soever such act may have been done or commit-
ted, have full power and jurisdiction to hear, try,
and determine sucli suit. Such suit may be
brought and carried on by any person, as well
for himself as for the United States; the same
shall be at the sole cost and charge of such per-
son, and shall be in the name of the United States,
but shall not be withdrawn or discontinued with-
out the consent, in writing, of the judge of the
court and the district attorney, first filed in the
case, setting forth their reasons for such con-
sent.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the several district attorneys of the
United States for the respective districts, for the
District of Columbia,''and for the several Territo-
ries, to be diligent m inquiring into any. violation
of the provisions of this act by persons liable to
such suit, and found within their respective dis-
tricts or Territories, and to cause him or her to be
proceeded against in due form of law for the re-
covery of sueh forfeiture and damages. And such
person may be' arrested and hold to bail in such
sum as the district judge may order, not exceed-
ing the said sum of two thousand dollars, and
twice the amount of the damages sworn to in the
affidavit of the person bringing the suit.
Sec . 6. And be it further enacted, That the per-
son bringing such suit and prosecuting it to final
judgment shall be entitled to receiye one half the
amount of such forfeiture,as well as one half the
amount of the damages he shall recover and col-
lect; and the other half thereof shall belong to and
be paid over to the United States; and such per-
son shall be entitled to receive to his own use all
costs the court may award against the defendant,
to be allowed and taxed according to any provis-
ion of law or rule of court in force, or that shall
be in force in suits between private parties in
said court: Provided, That such person shall be
liable for all costs incurred by himself in the case,
and shall have no claim therefor on the United
States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That every
such suit shall be commenced within six years
from the doing or committing the act, and not
afterwards.
Sec. 8. And be il further enacted, That no offi-
cer or agent of any banking or other commercial
corporation, and no member of any mercantile or
trading firm, or person directly or indirectly in-
terested in the pecuniary profits or contracts of
such corporation or firm, shall be employed or
shall act as an officer or agent of the United States
for the transaction of business with such corpo-
ration or firm; and every such such officer, agent,
or member, or person, so interested, who shall so
act, shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished
by a line of not more than two thousand dollars
nor less than five hundred dollars, and by impris-
onment for a term not exceeding two years.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with or repugnant
to any of the provisions of this act are hereby
repealed, saving, however, and excepting any and
all suits or prosecutions now commenced pend-
ing, and all rights of suit or prosecution under
any prior act of Congress, on account of the doing
or committing of any act hereby prohibited; and
all rights and claims which the United States, or
any person or persons, now have, growing out of
such prior act; all which pending suits and pros-
ecutions shall proceed and be determined, and all
which rights and claims shall' remain and be as
valid and effectual as if this present act had not
been passed; nor shall this act be so construed as
in any way to impair or affect the obligation, duty,
or liability of any person who now is or shall here-
after become the surety of any person contracting
with the United States, or any officer or agent
thereof; but every such surety shall be liable and
answerable for the default of his principal in the
same manner as if this act had not been passed,
save to the extent to which his principal has per-
formed the contract, or, if damages have been so
recovered, to the extent of one half of the dam-
ages so recovered and paid; which last amount
may be shown in reduction of damages in any
suit brought against the principal and surety, or
principals and sureties, on their contract.
Approved, March 2,1863.
Chap. LXVIII,—An Act to authorize an Increase
in the Number of Ma jor Generals and Brigadier
Generals for Forces in the service of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in addition to the four major gen-
erals and nine brigadier generals for the regular
Army, and the forty major generals and two hun-
dred brigadier generals for the volunteer service,
authorized by the existing laws, there may be
appointed thirty major generals and seventy-five
brigadier generals for forces in the service of the
United States other than the regular Army: Pro-
vided, That the officers to be appointed under this
act shall be selected from those who have been
conspicuous for gallant or meritorious conduct in
the line of duty.
Approved, March 2, 1863.
