1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire the Sen-
ator to think me hostile to this bill; but, sir, if
banks are to be located all through my State, all
through the State of Kansas, all through the State
of Illinois at the most inaccessible points, and
their notes are to be redeemable at such points, as
the notes were made redeemable in Illinois a short
time ago under their stock banking system, I can-
not vote for it. Let me tell the Senator from Kan-
sas he would find it infinitely better for all the com- \
mercial interests of Kansas to have otie bank in ,
his tfwn town of Atchison, or one in the town of j
Leavenworth, than to have six or eight little banks :
throughout the State.
Why, sir, the very value of batik paper con-
sistsi'n its redeemability. The value consists in
the fact that it is convertible into com; and it is
utterly impossible for us to undertake to patch
up any system of banking in this country that is
not convertible. It must be convertible. I know
there are difficulties now in the country, and I do
not desire to insist upon any system that would
be convertible during the existence of war. I
confess I have not examined this hill with that
care that I should have done; I have not had the
time to do it; but I put this question to the Sen-
ator: shall we, after these banks have commenced
business, be permitted within the next twenty
years, and perhaps eighteen or nineteen years of
that time during a period of profound peace, to
amend the charters of the banks so as to take
away any of the privileges we now confer? I do
not think so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator want an
answer?
Mr. HENDERSON'. I should like to hear the
opinion of the Senator on that point. He has
given more attention to this subject than I have.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard'to the first objec-
tion, that a bank might be started on thirty per
cent, of the capital, the Senator will find that that
is provided for in the seventh section. The in-
stallments of ten per cent, are to be paid in every
sixty days, so that the whole stock will be paid
in in a year.
In regard to the other objection, Congress fixes
what is lawful money. Congress may at any time
change the law, and change the standard, and
make it gold and silver. I have not the slightest
doubt the very moment our bonds are worth par
in gold, that moment specie payments will be re-
sumed under the operations of th is bill. Thatisthe
practical working of it, and it cannot be avoided.
The very moment our six per cent, bonds are
worth par in gold and silver, that moment the
United States cuirency ,as it is called, will be con-
verted into bonds as a matter of course; the Uni-
ted States notes will be retired; and then these
banlt.r will make specie payments. As long as the
war continues, experience has shown that no
bank, no nation, can make specie payments.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am notinsistingon that
during the war.
Mr. SHERMAN. The very moment pcacc is
restored, and the bonds are at par, at that moment
specie payments will be resumed. If Congress
wishes to hasten the time, it may change the law
in regai d to what is lawful money; it may declare
gold and silver the lawful money; and then, by
the provisions of this bill, these notes must be
redeemed in gold and silver. There is no doubt
about that.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the men who will
organize a bunk under this bill will be tolerably
shrewd. At least it may be presumed tlmt they
will go into it as a business operation in a busi-
ness way. If they purchase only thirty per cent,
of these bonds and commence banking upon them,
and others do likewise, every man will see the
bonds must constantly rise in the market and ap-
proach nearer gold aH the time. There will be
110 motive to buy these bonds after they advance
in value, after they become higher in price; and
therefore the whole motive of the men organizing
these banks will be to buy the bonds at once, and
not wait until they approach gold.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have had some expe-
rience 011 the subject now under consideration.
My own State issued a large quantity ot indebted-
ness of this character a few years j'«/< tor the
purpose of building railroads. In 1856 our bonds
Were di predating in value, and we undertook oy
a law womewlmt similar to this, though not ex-
actly so, because under our Constitution we can-
not bank except upon coin—but we undertook to
require the banks to purchase a certain number
of bonds and kelp them on hand in order to give
character and credit to our bonds; yet I can state
to the Senator that it did not elevate them in the
maiket. They continued to depreciate; and not-
withstanding the demand that was made by the
provision of the law in the charter of our banks,
they continued to depreciate. Hence I say that I
have not as much confidence as some Senators
have that the passage of this measure 
Mr. POMEROY. Your bonds depreciated on
recount of the rebellion.
Mr. HENDERSON. We continued that sys-
tem until the rebellion broke-out, and they con-
tinued to depreciate notwithstanding the demand
we made by causing the banking- capital of the
State to be invested partially in the bonds of the
State.
But, Mr. President, I do seriously object to the
establishment of a number of small bailies all over
the country; and I think this amendment will pre-
vent it in a very large degree. If there be ^GOO,GOO
of banking capital in the State of Kansas willing
to invest iii the bonds of the United States, instead
of erecting a bank under this law in the city of
Leavenworth, or in Atchison city, the town of
my friend from Kansas, who has just spoken, lie
will find that they will divide the bonds and es-
tablish several different banks throughout the State
of Kansas at most inaccessible points, and his
people will be the suffeiers in the end. I know
that it will be beneficial, perhaps, to the few stock-
holders who may establish the bank, who may
put their money into it; but it will be largely det-
rimental to the best interests of the people during
the next twenty years to come.
What has been our experience in the State of
Illinois? It was supposed under the banking sys-
tem of Illinois upon stocks that the circulation of
the banks was as good us it could possibly be
made. I believe .they attempted to secure it in
every possible way, perhaps as well if not better
than this bill proposes to do. I know it was the ,
case, because they lequired that the circulating [
notes should be redeemable in com. But,sir, what:
was the result? We suffered in the State of Mis-
souri loss to the amount of many millions of dol-
lars on account of the depreciation of that paper.
When our merchants at St. Louis got large qu^ 1
tities of it oil hand they found it almost impoasi- ■
ble to find the location of the banks. You will
find the very same difficulty to exist m this case.
Now, if you tequire a large amount of capital to
be congregated together in order to secure the es-
tablishment of one of these banks, it will be estab-
lished at some commercial center,and it will not be 1
placed at an inconsiderable town that nobody can '
find, at some cross-roads, at some point that no-
body peihaps within half a-mile of the place can
ascertain where it is. That is my objection to it.
We in the West know very well what has been the
history of the last six, eight, or ten years there
on this subject.
I know it is argued that United States securi-
ties cannot depreciate like State securities. We
know to the contrary. We know that they have
depreciated, and we know that they may depre-
ciate again; and when we are preparing a great
system upon which is to be founded a circulating
medium of $300,000,000, it seems to me we ought
to guard it with a great deal of care. _ To what
extent these bonds may be purchased, in order to
found this circulating medium upon,l cannot tell.
I have not neartlie confidence in the bill thatothers
here seem to have. My impression is that if our
bonds were thrown upon the market and the capi-
talists of the country appealed to, much "t the
money necessai y to carry on this wai could be ob-
tained. if this system be adopted I should like
to have it so arranged that we can either modify
or repeal this law at any tune we may see fit. I
do not desire to fasten such a system tor all time to
come on the country.
Mr. POWELL. Ef the Senator will allow me,
I now have mi 'amendment drawn up which I shall
offer, rcse: vmg the right to Congress to alter,
amend, or repeal this law a' pleasure.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is an amendment
now pending-
Mr. POWELL. For that purpose?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, su.
Mr. POWELL. I do not offer it now; 1 merely
suggest it to tile Senuior.
Mr. HENDERSON. If my amendment be not
adopted the Future will disclose tfte necessity of
its adoption; in other words, it will disclose the
error of its rejection. I am disposed to give the
Government every facility to carry on this War,
and I will vote for measures even of doubtful con-
stitutionality in my mind in order to uphold the
country in this its hour of need and tiial. But,sir,
after the long experience we have had upon the
subject of banks in this country, I always hesi-
tate, and' hesitate long, before I adopt a system
almost irrevocable in its character, for furnishing'
a circulating medium to the people. T have seen
much of its evils; and, in fact, to-day, if 1 had it
in my power, I would blot out of existence every
bank in this country. If we could possibly get
along without them at the present time, 1 would
not dream of inaugurating a system of this char-
acter; but it is thought hy the Secretary of the
Treasury; it is thought, I am told, by all the mem-
bers of the Cabinet, by the Preside;) tand by theDe-
partments, that this bill is essential to give char-
acter and standing to the bonds of the United
States. I doubt whether it will give any at all.
I do not know but that the very best system to-
day would be to put our bonds in the market and
sell them for whatthey are worth, and levy a suffi-
cient tax upon the people to give means to carry
on this war. 1 believe they will stand it. 1 feel
confident that they will; that if it he said to the
people it is necessary in order to preserve the Con-
stitution of the country, in order to bind together
again the Union, they will bear thisheavy burden.
I think it would be infinitely better to do that.
Why, sir, what are all these tilings but forced
loans ill therein!? If we issue Treasury notes and
say tliey are a legal tender, what is the result?
It is a mere forced loan upon the people; and it
is the same in the end, and, in fact, worse than if
you were to put your bonds on the market and
stand the shave. The result is, that you have in-
flated the circulation; prices are higher; that, ne-
cessarily comes from an inflated circulation; and
the Government has to pay more for everything
it gets in the market.
I do not propose to take up the time of theSen -
ate in discussing this measure, as I suppose it is
desired by the Senator fiom Ohio and others that
it be acted on; and, in fact,-there is but little time
to act upon it; hut it seems to me, the peculiar
friends of this measure ought to agree to some of
the amendments that may be proposed. 1 am not
an enemy of the bill. I think I shall support it,
because it seems to be the very best measure that
can be adopted under the circumstances; but t
think you will find in the future that the measure
will do us no good. I do not know what better
to suggest; and I feel very forcibly the idea urged
upon us by thoSenator from Ohio,that those who
oppose it ought to present something better. I do
not know what better to propose, unless it is to
increase the tax under our internal revenue sys-
tem, and call on the people to come up with their
means to the support of the Government under
the circumstances. This is a Government of the
people; and if the people of this country are de-
termined to abandon the Government and'let it
go, all I can say is, they will only demonstrate
their un worthiness to be the recipients of the bless-
ings of a Government such as wc have. Sir, in
my view, when the facts are properly presented
before the people, there are no burdens they would
not be willing to incur in order to sustain and
uphold their own Government.
]| Put, sir, 1 am drifting away from the question
jj under consideration. I sincerely hope that we
]l shall adopt this amendment. If 1 could do it, I
I i thin kit would be infinitely betier that all the banks
! under this system should be established in New
il York,Philadelphia,Boston,Cincinnati,St.Louis,
i! and such towns as those. It would give greater
li character to the paper. It would then be conyeK-
jl lble at the great money centers; and it is infinitely
l| belter that it should" be convertible at the gietit
i j commercial centers than at some iiiaccessibk- point
ij in the country, where, during the winter, per-
haps, you would have tt> navel some two or three
;! bundled miles in order to get the paper comes te-J.
■ Such a circulating medium wouUl damn the coun-
'! tiy in the future. We have iiad a long experi-
| encc on this subject, and sueh un expei lence as
u makes me almost diead the system we aic' lnau-
I gurnting. 1 submit the amendment to the Senate,
i' ami ask lor the yeas and nays upon it.
