200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
37'jju Cong....3d Ssss.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. LXIX.—An Act to fix the Terms of the
, Circuit And District Courts in tfye Districts of
. Wisconsin and Iowa.
Be U enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, instead of the times heretofore
fixed by la w, the circuit court of the United States
for the district of Wisconsin (after the January
term, eighteen hundred and sixty-three) shall be
held as follows: at Milwaukee on the third Mon-
day in April and first Monday in July, and at
Madison on the second Monday in November,
and all writs, suits, ideas, recognizances, indict-
ments, or other proceedings, civil or criminal,
issued,commenced, orpendingin said cour', shall
be returnable to, be entered, and have day^in
court, and be heard and tried according to the
provisions of this act.
Sec. 2. A)id be it farther enacted, That, instead
of the times heretofore provided by law, the terms
of the circuit and district courts for the district of
lown, to bo held at Dos Moines, shall he held on
the second Tuesday of May and third Tuesday
in-October in each year, and the fall term of the
district court for said distiiet; to be hold at Du-
buque, shall be held on the third Tuesday in
November.
Approved, March 2, 1863.
Chap. LXX.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Am to provide a Temporary Government
for the Territory of Colorado."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the second suction of the act 10
which this act is an amendment he altered so us
to read as follows: The executive power and
cmthoiiiy in and over said Territory of'Colorado
shall he vested in a Governor, who shail hold his
office for tour years, and until his successor shall
be appointed and qualified, unless sooner removed
by the President of the United States. The Gov-
ernor shall reside within said Territory, slmll be
commandei-in-chief of the militia thereof, shall
perform the duties and receive the emoluments of
superintendent of Indian affairs; he may grant
pardons for offenses against the laws of said Ter-
ritory, and reprieves for offenses against the laws
of the United States, until the decision of the Pres-
ident can be made known thereon; he shall com-
mission all officers who shall be appointed to office
under ihu laws of said Teuitory, and shall take
caie that the laws be faithfully executed.
bee. 2. And be it further enactcd, That every
bill which shall have parsed the Legislative Assem-
bly shall, before it become a law, bo presented to
the Governor of the Temtory; if he approve, he
fcshaff sign it; but if not, he shall return it, with
his objections, to the house m which it originated,
who shall enter the objections at large on their
journal and proceed to leconfcider it. If, aftersuch
reconsideration, two thirds of that house shall
agree to pa^s the bill, it shall be sent, together
with the objections, to t he other house, by whi^h
it whaif likewise be ruconsideied; and ifapproved
by two thud* of that house, it shall become a law.
Hut in ail such eases the votes of both houses shall
be determine.] by yeasand nays, to be entered on
the journal of each house lespectiveiy. Ifany bill
shall note be letm ned by the Go vet nor within three
days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been
presented to him, the same shall be a law in like
manner as if he had signed it, unless the Assem-
bly, by adjournment, prevent us return, in which
case it shall n«>t be a law.
&EC. 3. And he it further enacted, Thnt section
lit no of the act to wh ich th is act is amendatory be
altered so as to read as follows: Section 9. And
be it further enacted, That the judicial power of
said lY-ii itoi y shall be vested in a supreme court,
distuct eotii ts, probate courts, and justices of the
peace. The supreme com tsliail consist of a chief
justice and two associate justices, any two of
whom shall constitute a quorum, and who shall
hold a tvi m at the seat of government of said Ter-
moiy annually, and they shail hold their offices
during the period of four years. The said Terri-
tory .shall b<_* divided into three judicial districts,
and a district court shall be held in each of said
districts by one ot the justices of the supreme
court utsuoh time and place as may be proscribed
by law; and the said judges shall, after their ap-
pointments, respectively reside in the districts
which shail be assigned them. The jurisdiction
of the several courts herein provided for, both ap-
pellate and original, and of justices of the peace,
shall be as limited by law: Provided, That jus-
tices of the peace shall not have jurisdiction of any
matter in controversy when the title or bounda-
ries of land may be in dispute, or when the debt
or sum claimed shall exceed three hundred dol-
lars; and the said probate court shall not have ju-
risdiction of any matter in controversy when the
debt or sum claimed shall exceed the sum of two
thousand dollars; and said supreme and district
court shall have authority for redress of all wrongs
committed against the Constitution and laws of
the United States; and the said supreme,district,
and probate court, respectively, shall possess
chancery as wellas common law jurisdiction and
authority for the redress of all wrongs committed
against the laws of said Territory, affecting per-
sons or propei ty. Each district court,or the judge
thereof, shall appoint its clerk, who shall also be
the register in chancery, and shall keep his office
at the place where the court may beheld. Writs
of error, bills of exceptions, and appeals shall be
allowed from the final decisions of said district
and probate courts to the supreme court, under
such regulations as shall be prescribed by law;
but in no case removed to the supreme court shall
trial by jury be allowed m said court. The su-
preme court, or the justices thereof, shall appoint
its own clerk, and every clerk shall hold his office
at the pleasure of the court for which he shall have
been appointed. Wuts of error, and appeals from
the final decisions of said supreme court shall be
allowed and may be taken to the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the same manner and un-
der the same regulations as from the circuitcourts
of the United States, when the value of the prop-
erty, or the amount in controversy, to be ascer-
tained by the oath or affirmation of either party,
or other competent witness, shall exceed one thou-
sand dollars; and each of said supreme and dis-
trict courts shall have and exercise the same ju-
risdiction in all cases ausmg under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States as is vested in
the circuit and district courts of the United States;
and the said supreme and district courts of said
Territory, and the respective judges thereof, shall
and may grant writs of habeas corpus in all cases
in which the same are granted by the judges of
the United States in the District of Columbia; and
the first six days of every term of said courts, or
so much theieof as shall be necessary, shall be
appropriated to the trial of causes arising under
the said Constitution and laws; and writs of error
and appeals in all such cases shall be made to the
supreme court of said Tenifory the same as in
other cases. The said clerk shall receive in all
such cases the Same fees which the clerks of the
district courts of Oiegon Territory received for
similar services.
Sue. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the pro-
visions of sections one and two of this act shall
be applicable to the 'Punitory of Dakota, and
shall have like effect as in the Temtoiy of Colo-
rado.
Appuovcd, March 2, 1863.
Chap. LXX!.—An Act to amend the Laws relat-
ing to the Post Office Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United Stales of America in Congress
obsembhdfTlhit the PostmasterGeneral shall have
power to appoint and commission all postmasters
whose salary or compensation for the preceding
fiscal year shall at the time of such appointment
have been ascertained to be less than one thou-
sand dollars per year; and in all other cases the
President shall appoint. The person appointed
postmaster shall reside within the delivery of the
office to which he shall be appointed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted,'Vh&t the Post-
master General, all postmasters, and special
agents, and all pet sons employed in the General
Post Office, or in the care,'custody, or convey-
ance of the mail, hereafter appointed or employed,
shall, previous to entering upon the duties as-
signed to them, or the execution of their trusts,
and before they shall be entitled to receive any
emoluments therefor, in addition to the oath of
office prescribed by the act of July two, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two,respectively take and sub-
scribe the following oath or affirmation before
some magistrate, and cause a certificate thereof to
be filed m the General Post Office: " I, A B, do
swear (or affirm, as the case may* be) that I will
faithfully perform afl the duties required of me,
and abstain from every thingforbidden by the laws
in relation to the establishment of the post office
and post roads within the United States; and that
I will honestly and truly account for and pay over
any moneys belonging to the said United States
which may come into my possession or control;
so help me God." Every person who shall be in
any manner employed in the care, custody, con-
veyance or management of the mail, shall be sub-
ject to all pains, penalties, and forfeitures for
violating the injunctions or neglecting the duties
required of him by the laws relating to the estab-
lishment of the post office and post roads, whether
such persons shall have taken the oath or affirma-
tion above prescribed or not.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no mail
matter shall be delivered by the postmaster until
the postage due thereon shall have been paid; and
no box at any post office shall be assigned to the
use of any person until the rent therefor has been
paid for at least one quarter, for which the post-
master shall give a receipt, and keep a record
thereof in his officc, which record shall be deliv-
eied to his successor. ^
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That every
postmaster shall keep a record in his office of all
postage stamps #nd envelopes, and of all postal
bot)ks, blanks, or property received from his pre-
decessor in office, or from the Post Office Depart-
ment, or from any of its agents, and also of all
payments in money for postages, and all pay-
ments for box-rents, and of all other receipts on
account of any part of the postal service, and of
any other transactions which shall be required by
the Postmaster General, and these records shall
be preserved and delivered over to his successor
in officc, and shall be at all times subject to ex-
amination of any special agent of the department.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That when-
ever, by reason of the presence of a military or
naval force near any post office, unusual business
acci ues thereat, the Postmaster General is hereby
required to make a special order allowing propor-
tionately reasonable compensation to the postmas-
ter, and for clerical service, during the period of
such extraoidinary business.
Sec. C. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of postmasters to render a quarter-
yearly account to the Postmaster General, under
oath, in such form as the latter shall prcscube, of
all emoluments or sums by them respectively re-
ceived for boxes or pigeon-holes, or other recep-
tacles for letters or papers, and by them charged
for to individuals; or for the delivery of letters or
papei^ator from any place whatever; and of all
emoluments, receipts, and profits that have come
to their hands by reason of keeping branch post
offices; and no postmaster shail hereafter, under
any pretense whatever, have or receive or letain
for himself, in the aggregate, more than the
amount of his salary. And the Postmaster Gen-
eral is further authorized to requife, by a form to
be prepared by him, a sworn statement to accom-
pany or following the quarterly account of any or
all postmasters to the effect that such postmaster
has in such account truly stated the entire amount
of postages, box-tents, and all other charges and
! emoluments collected or received by him at his
office during such quarter; and that he "has not
knowingly delivered, or permitted to be delivered,
to any person any mail matter on which the post-
age had not been paid at the time of delivery; and
that such quarterly account exhibits truly and
faithfully the entire receipts of his office which
have been collected thereat, and the entire sum
which could have been by due diligence collected
thereat, as he verily believes; and that the credits
he claims are just and true, as he verily believes;
and any false swearing therein shall render him
liable to the pains and penalties of perjury.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General is hereby authoiized to regulate
the periods during which undelivered letters shall
remain in any post officc, and the times such let-
