THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
a printed blank in use in the Bureau of Yards and
Dock's. It reads as follows:
"/It is to be distinctly understood that the amount and
number of atticlcs enumerated in tlse schedule are cpcrl-
fied'a&the probable quantity which maybe required; but
tin* parties of the first part are to furnish more or leas of
the said articles, not to exceed the quantities staled more
than filly per cent., and in such quantities and at such
times as the bureau or said commanding officer may re-
qftire, daring the fhcal year ending , and whether
Ihe,quantity required be more or less than that specified,
the price shall remain the same."
Now, then, in the Construction Bureau, the con-
tractors were called upon, that is, some of them,
to' furnish five, six, or seven times the amount
estimated by the Bureau of Construction; and of
certain articles and class of articles the price and
value of which were enhanced by the war which
soon afterwards was commenced, and which they
required, on account of the war, by the addition
of more than five or six times the number of ves-
sels, the navy contractors were compelled to de-
liver a quantity which it was not in the intention
of the contractors or of the Department that they
would he called upon to supply. Neither party,
neither the bureau nor the contractors, expected
thai this contract, which was required to he ex-
ecuted, would have required the contractors to
furnish all that was afterwards demanded by the
exigencies of the service of the Navy.
It was manifest injustice and inequity to call on
ttieri to furnish supplies that they never intended
to contract for, and which they had made no pre-
vious provision for, and which, sir, the Depart-
ment itself as little expected would be required.
The Department itself did not at the tnne expect
to call for the amount that was afterward found to
benecessary. Theletterof tip contiactauthorized
the Department to call on the contractors. Some
of the contractors sent a memorial into the Depart-
ment, stating the injustice of the proceeding, and
the Department acknowledged in a letter that the
- facts contained in the memoi lal of the contractors
were ail true as there set forth. The Department,
failing to pay as they agreed on account of the
financial difficulties of the Government, therefore
voided the contracts for that reason. The con-
tractors came to the Department, and they were
met with the statement that the Department would
be compelled to stop fitting out vessels unless the
contractors carried out their contracts. An agree-
ment was made that they should be settled with
for whatevcrexcess of supplies they furnished on
equitable terms*, and the contractors went on and
completed their contract according to the letter of
this printed blank.
Now, sir, on tins statement it is impossible for
any fair-minded man to say thai these eontractota
should not have lelief. When they have tilled
their contracts to the amount estimated and fifty
per cent, beyond, is u not fan that they should be
settled with upon some principle of equity?
Mr. ALLEY". Will the gentleman answer a
question ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. With pleasure.
Mr. ALLEY. When did the fiscal year end
for which this anangoniPnt was made ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. On the 30th of June,
Mr. ALLEY, i ask the gentleman whether
he is not aware that during that time up to June,
1862, the majority of the articles furnished by
these contnKiors had decreased in value m con-
sequence of the stagnation of trade, on account of
the breaking out of the rebellion ? Is not the gen-
tleman aware that the parties furnishing supplies
tothcNavy Department and dealingwith the Gov-
ernment made more money a good deal than they
lost in consequence of the breaking out of the re-
bellion? So far as my observation goes, that is
the fact.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will answer the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Massachusetts by
stating that ni all such cases there can be no lelief
by this bill whatever; for by the express language
Oi the proposition Hie contractors are limited to
the market value foi the articles furnished in ex-
cess of ihoii contiacts. The mat ket value would
not give them any undue ptofii.s.
But there is aunt her class ofai tieles wnh which
the gentleman must he fummai, the price of which
was directly enhanced by the war. A mong the per-
sons who had coiitiacts with the Bureau of Con-
struction Was a gentleman of his own district and
-neighborhood, ile contracted to furnish supplies
to the Chaileetuwn navy yaid, of login, tar, tur-
pentine, and naval stores, which could only be
obtained fiom the southern "States. I have in my
mind another instance which will answer the
gentleman from Massachusetts. A contract was
entered into amounting to $40,000 for articles of
that description. It was taken by a house of
young men who had just entered into business
with a capital of about forty thousand dollars.
They went on to furnish supplies to the depart-
ment under that contract, but the reserve of twenty
per cent, was more than the whole amount of the
capital which they had in their business. The
reservation of twenty per cent, was over eighty
thousand dollars; and they were hopelessly and
irretrievably ruined because of that provision in
the contract which, in time of peace, was only
a formal provision to which the attention of con-
tractors was not called, but which enabled the
Bureau of Construction to ruin any contractor.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 would like to ask the gentle-
man another question, if he will permit me.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Certainly.
Mr. ALLEY. I am not opposed to the reso-
lution, but I wish to ascertain the basis on which
the settlement is to be made. 1 know that there
are some cases like what the gentleman from New
York has described. One or two of them have
come under my own observation. But in the ma-
jority of instances it has been the reverse. Now,
I. wish to ask the gentleman this question: sup-
pose a person contracts to furnish a dozen differ-
ent articles to the amount, in the aggregate, of
$100,000, and that on one or two of those articles
lie had lost considerably, while on the remainder
he had made large profits; does this bill provide
that he shall be compensated for his losses, with-
out any regard to his gains?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Ceitainly not.
Mr. ALLEY. Or is the entire contract to be
taken into consideration, profits and losses, and a
settlement made on an equitable basis, including
the whole contract?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Most unquestionably. In
a case where a contractor had made profit on one
description of articles, and lost on another, he
would have no claim to relief under this resolu-
tion, none whatever.
Mr. ALLEY. Even when the articles were
supplied, under different contracts, by the same
individual? I believe there are some instances
of ihat kind.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not think there are
any of that kind. If the gentleman will look at
the contract made by the Bureau of Construction,
he will find t^at that bureau is not required to
take one dollar's worth of articles beyond the
amount specified in the contract; and where the
market value has fatten below that fixed m the
contract, the bureau can go into open market and
purchase the articles required beyond the amount
specified at the lowest piice. In that particular,
the contract is not at all mutual. The whole ad-
vantage of it ism the handsof the Bureau of Con-
struction. In the case that the gentleman refers
to, the contiaetor cannot make extraotdnuiiy
profits out of the Government, for beyond the
stipulated amount he has no claim; and 1 repeat,
that the Department is in the habit, when the
prices fail below the contract price, of going into
open maiket and supplying itself with the articles
that it lequires beyond the amount stipulated.
Now, lilr. Speaker, I want this matter settled
at the piesent time. The provisions of the reso-
lution are intended to have ltsettled. The equities
of the claiftis can be arranged by the bureau that
understands all about the contracts. Let us not
have these contractors coming here year after year
for the next twenty-five years, or going to the
i Court of Claims, if that court had cognizance of
1 the case, which it would not have. They would
j be besieging Congress on the substantial and ap-
! parent equities of the claim until they would get
! some settlement. Now, I desire that this matter
' shall be settled in the time of it by a tribunal
; w hich undei stands the facts. The claimants are,
i by this resolution, foreclosed from any relief un-
j less they apply to (his tribunal withm six months,
t and have their claims adjusted. It strikes me that
; this is a measure of economy. It is a matter of
j plain justice and right, and there should be no
hesitation in passing this resolution. And let me
tell the House that during the last session the
House passed precisely such a resolution as this
on a meie statement of the case, and without op-
position. The fairness, equity, and right of it
were so apparent to the House that it passed the
first section of this resolution without any of the
provisions for the protection of the Department.
I hope the House will not now recede frotfi that
action, but will provide for an equitable adjust-
ment of these claims.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
have but a few words to say in respect to this mat-
ter. It occurs to me that the resolution is the first
step, the entering wedge, to a general system of
paying all contractors where they may have lost*
money on some of the articles furnished by them
irrespective of what they may have gained on
others. I understand that in the contracts of the
Navy Department there is a provision that the
Department may require the contractor to fur-
nish, in addition to the quantity specified, fifty
per cent, of that amount; and the plain purpose
of the measure is, that if the contractor has not
made a good thing out of his contract the loss will
be made up to htm by the Government.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Yes.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The joint resolution sup-
poses that the contiaetor fills the contract which
he designed to make, and which the Department
supposed it made with him. If he loses on that
to the amount stipulated and fifty per cent, addi-
tional, that is his loss. But where both parties
supposed that the contract did not cover the trans-
action this resolution provides that on the supply
fifrnishcd beyond the amount specified and the
fifty per cent, additional, the contractor shall fag
settled with on the basis of (he market prices.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Thatisjustwhat
I understand.
Mr. SEDGWICK. A bad bargain is to be ful-
filled by the contractor to the extent of it, and to
the extent of fifty per cent, beyond it. He pock-
ets his loss on that. He fulfills the contract as
he understood it, as the Department understood
it, and as it had been always understood. Beyond
that he is to have the market rates.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. There is no dif
ficulty in getting at what this really means. I dc
not differ with the gentleman from New York on
what the contract is. The contract is that A B
shall deliver to the Government $100,000 worth
of I umber, with the proviso that the contractor may
be called upon to deliver $50,000 worth additional
on precisely the same teuns. Now, I submit
to any lawyer, or to any fan-minded man, if the
latter is not as much a part of the contract as
the former is. The contract is as binding for
$150,000 worth as it is for $100,000 worth. The
only effect of the provision is to put it in the power
of the Department to require the contractor to
furnish one half as much more asjs stipulated in
the contract. If the price of lumber has fallen in
the market, then the contractor has the advant-
age; but if it has gone up, then this resolution
enables him to come and ask the Government to
make good his loss on the second part of his con-
tract, although he may have made a large profit
on the first part; and that is called an equitable
settlement. I think that the resolution is nothing
more nor less than a guarantee to the contractor
that he shall suffer no loss, and is, to that extent,
a revocation of the spiritand soul of the contract.
Mr. ODELL. 1 would like to ask a question
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, ifthe gentleman from Illinois will permit me.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Certainly, sir.
Mr. ODELL. My understanding of the case
<s that these parties do not ask relief for their loss
on the first part of their contract, or on the addi-
tional fifty per cent., but on the amount supplied
over and above and beyond the terms of the con-
tract. Am I correct?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Entirely so. Whatever
the contractor may lose on the stipulated amount
in the contract, and on the fifty per cent, addi-
! tional, is his own loss. For that this^ resolution
! provides no compensation. As to the amount
supplied beyond that the contiaetor is to be al-
lowed the market prices at the time of the delivery
of the articles.
Mr. EDWARDS. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a single word?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will yield first
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Odell.]
Mr. ODELL. My understanding uf this mat-
