1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ter is precisely as stated by the chairman of the
Naval Committee. A contractor, for instance,
contracts for goods to the extent of $100,000, with
the right upon the part of the Department to call
upon him for §50,000 more. Now, £ understand
this resolution to afford no relief either upon the
$100,000 or the $o0,000 additional. The gentle-
man fi om Illinois says there is to be relief afforded
upon the last $50,000.
Mr. EDWARDS. Let me say a word right
heie.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not yield
just at this moment. The difficulty in all thiols
the ambiguous language in which the enactment
proposed by the resolution is couched.
Now, this is my proposition, that, according to
law and the terms of the contract, the contractor
engages absolutely to deliver $50,000 in addition
to the $100,000 named in the contiact if required
by the department. And that is a part of the con-
tract itself. It is absolutely one of the conditions
of the contract. So that when the contract upon
its face appears to be for $100,000 it really em-
bodies, if required by the Department, $150,000.
Now, mark you, this excess of $50,000, as it is
termed, and as 1 think improperly termed, for
there seems to be a confusion of ideas in the use
of the word, this excess, or last $50,000, is as much
a part of the original contract as the fiist§100,000.
I have now stated as plainly as I can my views
of the effect of this joint resolution. 1 say that the
granting relief by enactment on any portion of
the contract, however small, is an entering wedge
to a general relief whenever cmitractots have lost
on their contracts. 1 see no good reason for that
relief; and I challenge the good sense of th-t* House
for any good reason for granting it. There is no
reason why he should have, relief on the last dol-
lar embraced in the contract more than upon the
first and every dollar embraced in it. Can any
gentleman tell me why it should be otheiw ise? It
is a part of the contract; it is the letter of the con-
tract; it is the spirit of the contiact; it is in the ex-
press terms.of the contract; and if 1 would relieve
the contractor of the last $50,000 or the last $£5,000
or the last dollar, I would relievo him of the whole.
I believe the policy is designed to be for the
relief of contractors who shall make it appear
that they have lost money. Mr. Speaker, I say
and I repeat, that upon the same reason and with
the same propriety that you pass this resolution,
you inaugurate this policy under which you will
go on to give relief to every contractor of any
character who furnishes supplier to the Army
and the Navy, or to the Government in any ca- j
pacity or department. "VVhy not? ff you are to 1
relieve any contractor who has lost money by
reason of the terms of his contract, why single
out the Navy Department, and why single out
the last fifty per cent, of a contract, or the last
twenty-five per cent., in giving lelief beyond the
terms of the contract.-'
Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, that the object
is to inaugurate the policy here of relieving con-
tractors—perhaps not so intended by the mover
of this resolution, perhaps not intended by him
to be made general, but it does inaugurate a '
policy, so that any other contractor may come
up and challenge the good faith and fair dealing
of this House, a.id demand of them that he shall
be relieved as contractors have been relieved under
this resolution in the Navy Dcpaitment.
Again, Mr. Speaker, I am slightly opposed to
the court to winch appeal is taken; but that is not
a fair and legitimate argument against this meas-
ure. But if there is to be a commission to revise
contracts and relieve contractors,according to i;s
own conscicnce or judgment as to what shall con-
stitute equity, I would a httle rather that it should
not be formed in the breast of the head of a De-
partment which has appointed without authority j
of law seventy-six midshipmen; and not only j
without authority of law, but in defiance of law. j
1 will yield to my fuend from New Hampshiie j
[Mr. Edwards] upon my left. j
Mr. EDWARDS. I wi^h to point out what I ,
believe to be an ambiguity in thejomt resolution 1
that ought to be corrected. The resolution pro- i
vides that the Secretary of the Navy is authorized j
to adjust and settle the claims of contractois for j
naval supplies. I understand the.chairman ofthe j
Committee on Naval Affairs that these contracts [
embrace various aitides. In answer to the gen- j
tleman from "Massachusetts, 1 understand that 1
there is not a contract for each separate article,
but that the same contract embraces several dif-
ferent articles and transactions. Now, sir, bear-
ing that fact in mind, if you will look a little fur-
ther down in the first section you will find that
these contractors are to be relieved for the last
fiscal year for furnishing to the Department more
than fifty per cent, above the quantities specified
in the contracts. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, then, whether this relier
is to extend to all furnished of every separate ar-
ticle beyond fifty per cent, above the amount spe-
cified in the contract, or upon all furnishedon any
one contract beyond fifty per cent, above the ag-
gregate amount of the contract ? If it is to apply
to all I think only a partial relief will be afforded.
Then the objection of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts applies, because they may have made
large profits upon some articles and incurred
losses upon others. If it is to be upon a single
article, then they can take that article out and
leave all those upon which profits have been made
out of the question, while the loss is made up
upon the single article.
Mr. ALLEY. Will the gentleman from New
Hampshiie allow me to make a single suggestion ?
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, this is a very im-
portant mea.is.uie. It contains some provisions
which are highly necessary and of a reformatory
character. 1 know there are many members of
the House who desire to tfote for this bill if it can
be properly perfected. I suggest, therefore, to
the chairman of the committee that the resolution
be recommitted to the Naval Committee, and I
believe that such a bill may be framed and pre-
sented to the House as will meet the concurrence
of the members of the House. As it stands be-
fore us there are objections which cannot be re-
moved. Thcie are many gentlemen, I know, who
would vote against the bill as it is before us, who*
arc greatly desirous that a bill of a similar charac-
ter in its general provisions should be presented
without the objections which attach to this reso-
lution. There is, in my judgment, no Depart-
ment of the Government which requires reform
more than this Navy Department m respect to
contracts, as well as m other particulars.
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not propose to discuss
the main question of the bill, or whether ruliet
ought to be furnished to any extent, and in any
case of this churaetei; nor do I propose to discuss
the tribunal which is pioper to adjudicate upon
these claims, if these claims are to be allowed;
and, therefore, having accomplished my purpose
-in pointing out what appeared to me to be the
great defects of the bill, and having learned fiom
the chairman of the Committee on Naval A flaiis
that he intends to make a motion to lccommit, I
yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. SEDGWICK obtained the floor.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I desire to modify the
proposition I made, as follows:
Jicsolocd, That the resohit on be recommitted, luul 111?
committee int-tnjcted to nuke out the fir.-t clause, ami
tnatthey nive-ie/ate rhc claim* of the memorialists, repoit
the and a full tor then benefit to the extent of their
equitable claur>-
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not yield to that mo-
lion. I move that the resolution be recommitted
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and upon that
I demand the previous question.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. Then I move my resolu-
tion as an amendment, by way of instructions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York called the previous question upon his mo-
tl(Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not hear it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof t he resolution was recommitted.
Mr. DAWES. 1 call for the regular order of
business.
LOUISIANA ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the regular older of business is the con-
sideration of the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions on the Louisiana election cases, upon which
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
has the floor.
Mr. jViAYNAltD. This measure largely in-
teresis a numerous and very impoitant portion of
the American people—I mean the Union men of
the southern States. With possibly two or three
or four inconsiderable exceptions, I presume th^
entire House are for tlie restoration of the Union
and the reestablishment of tht? Federal-
ovfir every part of this country. They wish to'-see
the old flag carried to every portion of it, and tha,fc,
the god of boundaries shall not be allowed to take
a backward 'step.
If the Union shall ever be restored, as I have
no doubt it will be, it will be done through t&e
medium, with the aid, and by the instrumentality
of the Union people of the southern States.. I
mean that body of men thatare now in our armies
to the number, I suppose, of one hundred thou-,
sand, coming from the States of Delaware, Mary-
land, Virginia, Kentucky, Missouri, Tennessee,
Arkansas, Louisiana, and North Carolina,,to say
nothing of Mississippi and Alabama. The Union
men who have maintained their allegiance under
the most discouraging and the most distressing
circumstances to which human nature can be sub-
jected; the men who to-day are languishing in
southern prisons because they refuse to take the
oath of allcgianceto the enemies of their Govern-
ment; the men who are deserting by hundreds
from the standard of the rebels and taking refuge
in our lines; the men taken in battle, who claim
not to be paroled or exchanged as prisoners of war
but to take the oath of allegiance to the Federal
Government, and who, after taking it under these
conditions, I am told by those whohave the means
of knowing, have never broken it; the men who
have sent their Representatives here from eastern,
western,and central Virginia, from eastern North
Carolina, and now from Louisiana; the men who
count neither home, race, kindred, nor life dear in
comparison with their endangered freedom; those
are the men upon whom you must rely for the
deliverance of the country; and permit me to say
that*'except these abide in the ship ye cannot
be saved."
I was surprised, disappointed, pained, by thfc
argument addressed to the House last evening by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.j
Not that he opposed the admission of these mem-
bers, for I had understood that, butat the giound
upon which he placed his opposition. I was sorry
at the introduction of certain topics into his argu-
ment. You, he says, are in power now; we will
be m power after awhile; you have the President,
we will have the next President. Is it true that
thesedovoted people who are languishingin prison
and struggling and agonizing to support the Gov-
ernment—whohave put in jeopardy all that men
hold dear to mam tain it—are to be made the shuttle-
cock in this battle-door game for the Presidency?.
Is it true that we are to stand by, neglected and .
uncared fur, nay, thrust aside as intruders, while
you fight out your political battles for power and
place?
Who is meant by " your" Who is meant by
"we"'" Are we not Americans all ? Are we not
all fighting, or professing, at least, to fight this
specter, grim and gaunt and fierce and terrible,
which has reared itself against the existence of
the Government ? 1 did hope so, and still hope so.
i was therefore pained that in an argument upon
a question of this kind, these topics which seem
to be so foreign to it, these ideas which are so
alien, in my mind, to the question whether the
people of Louisiana shall be represented in this
House, were thought proper to be introduced.
I was surprised at the legal position assumed
by the gentleman, upon whom 1 had been accus-
tomed to look—not only by reason ofhis reputa-
tion, butfrom certain eloquent and glowing words
said to have come from his lips—as a representa-
tive man; as one who-professed to represent what
is called the anti-abolition element of the North,
and who avowed himself peculiarly the friend
of the South, and in favor of giving her all her
rights. Be it understood that the right to hold
slaves as property is only one of the rights that the
southern people claim, and not their most import-
ant right by any means. We have rights, and
rights many, which we hold fardearerthan thut;
rights that are in extreme peril; and one of them,
the most sacred a free people can enjoy, is the
right to be represented in the body which makes
the laws by which we are to be governed. Take
away that right from us, deny us a voice in the
legislature of our country, and you make us slaves;
you subject us to a loss that admits of no com-
pensation. Other lost rights may be regained
while this remainsj'but this gone, all others are
