1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which Governor Johnson holds his position in the
State of Tennessee? 7*hc gentleman could not
impugn Governor Johnson's position in that col-
lateral way. No principle is better settled. He
is Governor in point of fact> and is recognized as
such. Tribunals ad minister justice under his au-
thority. By no principle of law that I am aware
of can you go behind that record to attack col-
laterally his right to hold his office. Whether he
is Governor de jure, you may not in such a pro-
ceeding inquire.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. I understand the
gentleman from Tennessee to say that we cannot
go behind the fact that Governor Johnson is Gov-
ernor de facto,o.nd that his acts must be considered
as valid and cannot be attacked. Will he apply
the same doctrine to Jefferson Davis?
Mr. M AYNARD. When the question of Jef-
ferson Davis's power comes to be considered 
Mr. ALLEN", of Illinois. Take your time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir; I will take my
time. I suggest to gentlemen on both sides of this
House that the gentleman fr<?m Illinois has pro-
pounded^ a question graver than he seems to be
aware of. it was the question suggested last
session by one of the venerable gentlemen from
the State of Kentucky. A government de facto,
as I remarked the other day in some observations
which 1 had the honor to address to the House,
which the people are powerless to resist, and
from winch they cannot escape, is not a mere
nullity, is not to be regarded as of no force and
validity. The rights of individuals, personal
rights, that spring up under such authority have
been, so far as I am aware, always recognized.
And as I was about to observe, when that ques-
tion shall arise it will deserve, and I doubt not
will receive, thegravostconsideration. That case,
however, differs from thfe present in this, that
the power is exercised in avowed hostility to
the Federal Government; in this case it is not.
But, as I was about to remark, Mr. Speaker,
I do not propose to evade this question of the ap-
pointment of military governors. The Consti-
tution provides in the second section of the first
article, that when vacancies happen in the repre-
sentation of any State, the executive authority
thereof shall <5ali an election to fill such vacancy.
How far the failure of the executive authority
to comply with that mandate should deprive the
constituent of his right of representation, I have
already attempted to show.
There is another provision of the Constitution
to which 1 beg to cali the attention of the House.
The fourth section of the fourth article declares
that 44 the United States shall guaranty to every
State of this Union a republican form of govern-
ment." I ask gentlemen to consider what that
guarantee is. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Yooriiees] reminded us yesterday that he was
sworn to support the Constitution, and that he
wasacting under the obligation of ins oath. Well,
f confess that that style of argument never car-
ries any very great weight to my mind, although
it is one which 1 have heard resorted, to sometimes
to eke out a speech in support of a bad case before
an enlightened and intelligent jury in the humbler
courts of the country. 1 take it for granted that
we all mean to support the Constitution. I will
not assume that any member here intends to com-
mit perjury in that regard. When the question
arises as to what is the mandatepf the Constitu-
tion and what are the dictates by which our con-
duct shall be controlled and governed, I suppose
every gentleman will follow out what he believes
to be right, regarding the dictates of reason and
approved authority. Certainly the fmnaersof the
Constitution meantsomething when they declared
that the United States shall guaranty, not to the
people, but to each State of this Union, a repub-
lican form of government.
The other day, when we were having some gen-
eral debate, 1 felt moved to interpose against what
seemed to me a very remarkable statement by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
He asked me by what constitutional provision the
President appointed Andrew Johnson Governor
of Tennessee. I referred him to that section and
article of the Constitution guarantying to each
State of this Union a republican form ot govern-
ment, and maintained that no State is to be de-
prived of it, either by domestic insurrection, by
foreign invasion, or by the action of its own peo-
ple. It ia a guarantee not only to the Stat« itself,
and for itself, but to every other State as well. It
is a guarantee to Kentucky that Tennessee shall
not set up a government unrepublican in form,
and antagonistic to the Government of the United
States. Otherwise, and but for that provision, we
might have, within this circle of thirty-fourStates,
a State interposed which would be not only not
with us, but in alliance with one of our enemies.
The central States might be cut off from the sea-
board , nugh t be debarred from access to the mouths
of their rivers. *
The few observations that fell from m'e on that
occasion attracted the attention of a citizen of
Tennessee, a friend of mine, a gentleman of very
high character, formerly the Attorney General of
the State, and more largely concerned in organ-
izing our judicial system than any other man. He
is commonly known in the profession as one of
the ablest jurists at the*southern bar. I refer to
Mr. Return J.Meigs. In order, as he was pleased
to put it, to refresh my recollection upon ccrtain
points, that I might be prepared atany future time
to discuss this question, he addressed me two let-
ters. I do not propose to use the materials which
he has furnished to me and to appropriate them. I
prefer to present them to the House in his own
language; and I ask the Clerk to read the letters.
The Clerk read, as follows:
15 Uroadway, New York, January 17, 1863.
MydearSir: Judging from what occurred between jou
and Mr. Stevens in the debate of the 8th of January, f must
say I think it is high time you should seize the first oppor-
tunity ot explaining to the country the nature of the power
conferred upon the United States by aiticle four, section
four, of the Constitution. Sir. Stevens seemed to think
that the government set up In Tennessee, by " nine out
ten of her people," as> he assorted, cannot be interfered with
by the United States. Mr. Stfvens, of course, must bold
to the right ot secession. There is no other way of explain-
ing such doctrines; and it would be a good service to set
before the country distinctly tliat those who hold that the
people of a State can, even unanimously, set aside the Con-
stitution of the United States, are radically secessionists.
That is, they hold the doctrine laid down f>y Howie—and by
him alone, I behove, among the expounders of the Consti-
tution—that it would not be justifiable lor the United States
to interpose " if the people of a State should determine to
retire liom the Union." You will see what he holds in the
last chapter, the thirty-second, of his book; and it would be
worth >our while to read it, so as to he enabled to show
what the doctrine of secession K Jf"tiie right of secession
exhts constitutionally, then the war which attempts to
reduce Tennessee to submission i<* wicked, if it he in-
deed true that she has seceded by the vote oi nine tenths
of her people. For in that case she is punched for <*xer-
ot«iug a eie.ii constitutional tight, in part, at least; though
it may be true that her aggressive policy of carrying the war
beyond the smct purpose of self-defense within her own
limits may justify some of the aggression upon her. Ac-
cording to Mr. Stevens, if the people of Tennessee still
retail", a icpubSiean form of government, the United States,
so tar from attacking the State, stfe bound by the Constitu-
tion of the United States to guarantyto them that lepnb-
lican torm of government; or at least they are bound not to
interfere with them, although the government of Tennessee
is not only not subordinate to the United States, hut is de-
clared to be subordinate to the confederate constitution.
The Constitution of the United States says: " No State
shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confederation. No
State, without the consent of the Congress, shall enter into
any agreement or compact with another State, or with a
foreign Power.-' Dut suppose a State does this, and, in
order to maintain itself in this violation of the Constitu-
tion, declares itself independent of the United States, and
ti ansfers its whole mihtaiy iorcc to its confederate, and sets
up, within it^ territory, a government hostile to the United
States, ready to enter into alliance with foreign Powers, and
put any one of them in possession of the fastnesses of Ten-
nessee", together with all its means of defense and aggres-
sion, arid is resolved to overthrow the Government ot tly;
United States, what then ? Is it not in the power of the
United States to act upon the idea that all this conduct is
illegal and void, bccause forbidden by the Constitution of
the United States? So considering it, cannot the United
States attempt to restore the deposed authority of the Con-
stitution of the United States? If they can, but they find
nine in ten" of the people of Tennessee in favor of the
new order of things, how are they to get a government or-
ganized in Terme^ee th.it thai! be subordinate to the Con-
stitution of the United State'- ? The people will not vote
for men who will repioent them in the Congress of the
United States ; they will not vote for a Governor who will
administer the government m subordination to the Union.
What then ? Lft *hem go,-saj s Mr. Stevens, if he means
what he says. Rut what if the United States cannot let them
go without perils greater even than the longest civil war ean
entail ? It they let Tennessee go, the people of the United
States are no longer a nation; they cannot maintain their
exigence as one of the Powers of the world.
It was to enable the United States to maintain the sys-
tem of our Government, to prevent foreign intrusion, and
the lodgment, within the firitories of the nation set up
by the Con^titut"^, of any independent authority, that the
people of the nau> .1 enjoined upon the United Suites the
duty of guarantying to every State in this Union a repub-
lican form of government—a government, to wit. the same
in form as existed when the Union was ordained ; and that
should hv, besides, at all times,, a part of the Union subor-
dinate to the Constitution; ready, at a'l times, to submit
to the Constitution as the supreme law of the land, any-
thing done by " nine tenths" of tf « people of any £k*t* to
the contrary notwithstanding. The President is the Com-
mander in-Chief of the armies of tfte Cuffed States, aad:
when it hecomes noCcssary to carry tills guarantee into;exx
eeution by military force against<c nine tenths," or terr
tenths of the people of any State, this Commander-in*Chfef
can appoint Andrew Johnson mtlitary governor under hint
of tho^e " nine tenths," and of the other tenth, too. And
he is, by the Constitution, invested with just such poweijtf
as may he found necessary to compel those " nine tenths5*
to acknowledge the Constitution of the United States tob«r
the supreme law of the land, and to agree to reestablish, af
republican form of government within their limits," which'
shall constitute a part of that Union, which wasoidairied;
by the people of the nation " in order to establish jastlcfe,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general wclfsue, and secure the bless-
ings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity."
And let me say, further, that this Commatrder-in-CftlcF,
if he finds any individual person busy m aiding and abet-
ting those enemies who have confederated to destroy this
Union, giving them aid and comfort, or obstructing the
measures deemed by him appropriate and necessary to
bring about a restoration of the authority of the Constitu-
tion, ean arrest such enemy, deprive him of his liberty, and
take away from him the privilege of a judicial investigation
of the circumstances of his imprisonment; that is to say,
this Commander-m-Chief can suspend the « privilege of the
writ of habeas cotpm,,) And no free constitution ever ex-
isted m which this provision has not been made in the very
cases specified in our Constitution, namely, when, on ac-
count of rebellion or invasion, the public safety required it.
Is it tg be supposed that those astute and sturdy defenders
of their liberty, the Roman people, had nothing in their sys-
tem equivalent to the privilege of the writ of habeas corpusl
Let us not be so silly as to imagine that our " Saxon an-
cestors" were the inventors of this palladium, lie sure It
would never have come into the Patent Office at their stun
pid hands. The Romans had what they called the proves
catio appeal, an ancient i ight of the Roman citizen, whereby
lie delivered himself from imprisonment by appealing to a
magistrate, and parfjeularly to a tribune. What is the priv-
ilege of the writ of habeas corpus but a right of the citizen
to appeal to a judge to inquire into the legality of the ap-
pellant's imprisonment? lint did this right exist for the
Itoman citizen when, in ease of rebellion or invasion, the
commander in-chief deemed it necessary #br *6 the public
safety "to deprive a man of his personal liberty? No, sir;
Cicero lays it down in these words, as a part of the old Ro-
man constitution : " Militia: ab eo, qui imjicrabit, provocatio
nc alo f qtiodquc is^qui helium geratsimpera$±it,jus rtttum*
guectio"—" In war, iVom him who shall command let there
be no appeal; whatsoever he who conducts war shall com-
mand, let that be law and fixed." Cutlet me give the whole
passage:
£s Let the magistrate coerce the disobedient and noxious
citizen by fine, imprisonment, and stripes, unless equal or
greater authority, or the people, prohibit, to whom let there
be an appeal. When a magistrate has adjudged ordecreed,
let there be a reexamination of the fine or penalty by the
people. Jn war, from him who shall command let there
bo no appeal," &c.
A little further on, provision iB made for the division of
the executive power, lately held by the king, between two
magistrates, the consuls. And then the constitution pro-
ceeds :
"In war, let them have supreme authority, (summum
jus,) lei them be subject to no one. To them let the safety
of the people be the supreme law." * * * "But
when a dangerous war e.\ists, or discords of the citizens—
' rebellion'—let one person, if the Senate so decree, Jtold the
same authority as the two consuls; not longer than six
months."—Cicero tie Legibus, book 3, chap. 3.
This last provision is for the consolidation of the whole
power of the people in the hands of a single man, the dic-
tator, who is to hold his office for six months only, and not
be appointed unless the Senate order it. But do not sup-
pose i hat this is an authoiity in favor of the exclusive power
of the Congress to suspend the habeas corpus ; for we are to
consider that the Uoman Senate could he convened by any
mngi^ti.ue, even an and that ail the members were
within the city. Some of them were not in Maine and some
in California. Our President, in case of rebellion or inva-
sion, that is, when military force is necessary to be em-
ployed, when the public safety requires it, is Commander-
in-Chief, and from him, in that capacity, there is no appeal.
The public safety is his supreme law; and whatever meas-
ures, known to the laws of war, he deems necessary to
adopt to secure the public fcafety; whatever mea&uresho
deems necessary to guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican form of government, which shall acknowl-
edge the Constitution of the United States to be the supreme
law of the land, no matter whatnine tenths" of the peo-
ple of a State may say or do to the contrary, is lawful and
constitutional—jus ratumquc. And this imw he so in every
Government that has, in its constitution, the power of self-
defense. And no Government, that is a Government indeed,
down to the lowest corporation in the land, is destitute of
tlie power of self-defense.
Some of these days, I think, I shall send you a bill to
provide for the election of Representatives in Congress by
the people ot Tennessee. And if Congress will pass it, they
will be delivered from the difficulties which seem to beset
them in icgard totlie Representatives that have come from
Louisiana.
My dear sir, the fourth section of the first fitiele of the
Constitution is another of those provisions for self-defense
which our wise ancestors devised to perpetuate the system
of American freeedom. Not till now has it been necessary
to invoke these mighty powers. They have been sleeping
harmlessly in the arsenal provided by the Convention,
ready to be drawn out, weapons toti teretes et rotundi, all
round and tapering, equal to the emergency.*
Yours, K. J- MEIGS.
15 Broadway, New York, January 20,1853.
Dear Sir: When you come to discuss the guarantee
clause of the Constitution, it may save you trouble to have
a reference to some definition of republican government.
