Tip CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. Madron has three tunes denned it in the Federalist.
Ijn No. 10; <v A republic, by which f moan a Government
ift";Wlueh the s-cheme of representation takes piaee," &c.
(P. 46, Rallowell edition, J852.) In No. 14: " in a democ-
racy the people meet and exercise" the government in per-
son; iu a republic, they assemble and administei it by their
representativesand agents." (P. 61.) In No. 39: "If we
resort,.for a criterion, to the different principles on which
different forme of government arc established, we may de-
fine a r< public to be, or at least may bestow that name on,
a Government winch derives ail Its power directly or indi-
rectly from the great body of the people, and is adminis-
tered- by persons holding their offices during pleasure, for a
limited period, or during good behavior. It is essential to
such'a Government that it is derived from the great body
of tlie society, not from an inconsiderable proportion, or a
favored class of It. &c. It i& sufficient for such .i Govern-
ment that the persons adniinistenng it be appointed either
directly or indirectly by the people, and that they hold-their
appointments by either of the tenuies just specified," &c.
(f£. 174, ITS.)
We guaranty the performance of what some other
person orbody is first bound lo perform. Tim* the people of
Tennessee are first bound to maintain a lepubhean form of
government, because they weic admitted a* aiepubhe ; and
it must be subordinate to the Constitution of the United
States,, because they engaged to be subordinate ; and if they
faiito maintain such a government, then the United States
are bound lo maintain it foi them, foi the safety oi the other
States, 8cc.
3. Please rend Vatte!, Book III, section* 293,294. At the
end of the first paragraph of section 291, lie savs: " A civil
war ought to be carried on by the contending puittes in
the same manner a  by two different nation*." And this
is repeated in the la>t paragraph of section 295. whore he
says : "The obligation to observe the common laws of war
is the same which the law ot'naune imposes on all nations
in transactions between State and State '' And this is be-
cause "the two parlies miM necessarily be considered as
constituting, at leuit Joe a time, two si parate bodies, two
distinct societies." (Section 293.) He insist* that the ob-
servance of Uie laws of war observed between State and
State is even more nece<&;iry in the unhappy circumstance
of '• two incensed panics laceiating their common coun-
try." (Section 294 ) Now read Upok III, chap.ix, in which
" the right of \yar, with regard to things belonging to the
enemy/' is stated. A State taking up arms in a j list cause
has—
J. A right to obtain possession of her property withheld
by the enemy, Soc. (Hook UI, see. 169 )
2. A rig!it to weaken her enemy in order to render him
incapable of supporting hi* unjust violence—a right to de-
prive him of the means ol reaistauce. (Ibuh) Vve have a
right to depiivr our enemy of his possessions/ of eveiy-
thing which m.iv augment his snength and enable liirn to
make war.
3. Jn order to obtain security against a lepctition of the
wiong in the imuiw things ot value may be taken hum the
wrong doet, "sucliat. rights, cities, piovmee^/' &c. The
right, for inbtaii.'e,to hold siave-, wlnwe labor may enable
the wrong-doer to lenew tlie contest at some future time.
Tennessee has pionounced hei.-elt an '• independent peo-
ple," and she clamors loudly lor all belhgeieut right- if
we refuse to consulei hei a * occupying the position of an
independent Stale, lot the purposes or the war, we must con-
sider a'd hor people a* gmlt> of ice f on;at lea.-t, wr must
 o consider all who seive in the H:belanuv,und ait who <ud
and abet the icbellion. But this would lead to mdisciim-
inatc slaughter. To avo.d tins, we treat TcunOhsee as a
belligeient, '• at least loi ;i time." And while \v« tieat her
as a belligerent vve giant hei all the rigiits ol civilized war-
fare. Wti cull hei people taken in battle •• prisoneisol wai
we respect her '< Hags of tiuoe/'&c. liur while she enjoys
the advantages of the law* of way, does she nKo expect ro
have the piofeelmiiot the Constitution ol the United States
for her slaves <• Do not her slaves ••augment hei sinmgili and
enable hei to make wai r" If so, have we not a right to
deprive hero! them ? With a view lo luture seeinity, can-
not we take away Horn hei the "ngkt" to hold slaves?
But what lays down hei <u urn a id acknowledges the
supremacy of the Consutulion ol the United States/' VVhv,
then, the tune lor tu aUng her as a belligerent has passed,
himI she is nowentllled to Hie pioteellonof municipal law,
and 119 longer claims the rightto be treated as an independ-
ent fistatc, and to have exiciidod to her the law ol war. And
ho, when fche is reduced to Mibnusaion by the forces of the
natio.i. =.he will be again under the Constitution. Her peo-
ple will he restored to then right of sult'inge whenever
they are ready to exercise their Mifl'iage tn subordination
to the Constitution. Tho^e of them who are willing to
exercise their light* of fcuffrage. and other lights in subor-
dination to the Constitution, ought to have extended to them
the means of doing so immediately; and if but ten men in
Dnvtdson county attend .it the polls and vote for a Repre-
sentative in Congtoss, at the lime and piece fixed by Con-
giess, and in Uie?atmaer pointed out by an act ot Congiess,
that Representative i« duly and constitutionally elected.
He has th*  ma [only of those who vote ; and " when a ques-
tion or an election is put to the people, and is made to de-
pend on the vote ot a majority, there can be no other test
ol the number entitled to vote but the ballot-box. If, tit
iact, there be some or many who do not attend and exercise
the privilege of voting, it must he presumed that they con-
cur with the majority who do attend, it, indeed, they can
b«- known at all to nave au existence." (1 Sneed,G92; 21
1'ickeimjj, 148 )
I promise you now not to bother you with anyfurthei
suggestions oftiune ; and m fact i feel that I ought to ciave
your pardon for presuming to write what is written. Hut
i uiu-t plead my gieat anxiety that you should, with as little
trouble to youtself as possible, present to the nation correct
views of souj« ot the questions about which there seems
such darkness prevailing.
Tnily, H. J.MEIGS.
Hon. II. Maynard.
„ * •' Possession!,"—what they are is shown in Book II,
see*. *>,81, pp. 164, 165.
Mr. MAYJNARD. I will not discuss farther
the power of the President, under his obligation
to guaranty to every State a republican form of
government, to appoint the necessary machinery
to do it. The very case under consideration is a
good illustration. The Governor of Louisiana
abdicated, and all the other State authorities ab-
dicated. They took possession by treason,and by
violating their oaths of office, of all the property
of the United States, and abrogated all the rela-
tions which they sustained towards the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Now, if it follows that, by this misconduct of
their unfaithful officials, the people have lost their
rights under the Constitution, and especially the
great right of representation, I beg gentlemen to
tell me how or when they lost them ? Deprived
of (hem they were by usurpation, by gross wrong;
as thoroughly deprived of them as if they had
been invaded by a foreign and hostile Power; but
when did they lose them ? In what way? Who
took them ? Was it by their own action ? It will
not be pretended. They resisted the rebellion from
the beginning; they voted againstit; they protested
against it; and they actcd against it until they
weio smitten down by a military power that they
could not resist. It matters not that the military
power proceeded from people of their own State,
and of other States in the United States; they were
as thoroughly overpowered bya militatyforce as
if it had proceeded from Mexico or from Spain or
France or Russia; they were forcibly deprived of
the exercise and enjoyment of their rights, but
the rights themselves remained.
* What was the duty of the Government? Man-
ifestly to remove the military po wet from off them;
and when they were found without any govern-
ment agencies to provide means by which the ma-
chinery of government might be putin operation;
in a wot d, to set it agoing. Accoidingly, the Presi-
dent sent a military governor; and for what? To
enable the people to rally and act in concert as a
body-politic under the forms of law, and to avail
themselves of the provisions of law by which they
hold their rigiits as citizens. Among other things
that he did, he appointed a day when they could
come together to elect members to represent them
upon tins floor. They did come together, and
did assume to cxerctsc a right the most sacred
and inviolable that belongs to fioemen under the
Constitution of the country. They elected their
Representatives freely, fairly, honestly. 11is ihe
voice of the people demanding in tones the most
solemn and emphatic that their Representatives
shall be admitted hers. I am aware that possible
evils might be suggested; they have been sug-
gested ; but it will be time enough to attend to them
when they arise.
When we find men coming here to be foisted in
upon us by any undue influence or by the arbi-
trary power of the Executive or by military dic-
tation, by the force of the bayonet, let us reject
them; the voice of the people is stifled; the bal-
lot-box is invaded. But when we have examined
their credentials and find, as the Committee of
Elections found in this case, that they came here
as the bona fide Representatives of a constituency
asserting manifest and admitted constitutional
right:*, rights we are bound to guaranty them. 1
beg that they shall not be turned away and the
doors of this Hall be closed upon them, upon
any such grounds as have been urged now. 1
trust that they will not be told, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] intimates, that
they have committed suicide, suicide, suicide!
When? How? Where? What inquest has ever
been held upon them? Who is the coroner that
presided and what jury has so pronounced? Will
you go to find him to the other end of the capi-
tal? Suicide ! Did these men willingly 01 in fact
part with any of their rights as citizens—as citi-
zens of the State of Louisiana, as citizens of the
United States'1 The State of Louisiana stands
now as she has always stood, one of the stars that
cluster over our heads, her emblazoned arms in the
ceiimg of this Hall to remind us, as we sit here,
that she is still one with us.
It might not be amiss to dwell for a moment
upon the consideration of public policy in this
connection. But other gentlemen desire to partici-
pate iu this discussion, and I will detain the House
only to observe that if every congressional dis-
trict in the country were represented by a member
having an actual constituency, though numbering
less than a score, that of itself would be a restora-
tion of the Union and a practical denial of the fact
of secession, establishing to the satisfaction of our
own people and of foreign nations that, whatever
may befall, our country is and must remain one,
undivided, and indivisible.
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Speaker, that the loyal
electors of Louisiana should be allowed a repre-
sentation upon this floor is not controverted by
any one. The only question is, in what manner
ought they proceed to obtain it? The question is
not one of sympathy, but of constitutional law.
If there is any one thing concerning which the
framers of the Constitution were more jealous than
any other, it was the encroachment of executive
authority upon the powers and privileges of the
legislative bodies. The Constitution is armed
with provisions for their protection, whether
against the insidious approaches or direct assaults
ot executive power. No public men were ever
so familiar with the history of free governments
as the authors of that instrument. Especially
were none so familiar with English history, and
with that intrepid struggle, long maintained with
varying fortunes, but ultimately crowned with
triumph, on the part of the Commons against the
giasping claims of kingly prerogative. They
sought, therefore, to secure the fruits of these tri-
umphs among us, by reestablishing the checks
and safeguards which, after so protracted a strug-
gle, had become firmly planted in the British con-
stitution.
The provisions of our Constitution are histori-
cal; they must be interpreted by the lights of his-
tory, and especially by the lights of English his-
tory. If, sir, we turn our eyes backward to it to
ascertain the origin of the clause touching the time,
place, and manner of electing Representatives in
Congress, we shall find the path radiant with in-
struction and warning. A mere casual reader,
unfamiliar with their history, would little suspect
that the fourth, fifth, and sixth sections of the first
article of the Constitution, relating to the time,
;place, and manner of electing Representatives;
providing that Congress shall meet at least once
m every year; that each House shall be the judge
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members; that it shall determine the rules of
its proceedings; that its members shall in all cases,
except for treason, felony, and breach of the peace,
be privileged from arrest during their attendance
at the sessions and ingoing to and returning from
the same; that for any speech or debate in either
House they shall not be questioned in any other
place—were intended chiefly as safeguards to pro-
tect the powers and privileges of the two Houses
from the encroachments of the President, and thus
to preserve the essential features of free constitu-
tional government. Yet, sir, such is the history
of the provisions.
I will beg the patience of the House while I read a
few extiacis from an admiidble work on the Rise
and Progress of the English Constitution, to con-
firm this declaration. Says the learned author:
It is to be lemenibcred that the great instruments of the
Crown in packing a Mouse of Commons were the sheriffs,
who were nominated by the king. When a Parliament was
convened, it was to these officers thnt the royal precept was
addressed for the election of knights, citizens, and bur-
gesses. The king's writ icquiied that two knights should
be elected for the county, and that the sheriff should cause
to be electcd nvo citizens for each city, and two burgesses
for each hotough mhis bailiwick. A< no particular cities
and boioughs were specified, the sheriffs assumed a discre-
tionary power as to what places they would consider fit
cities and boroughs to return members to Parliament; and
this power wa- often grossly abused by those functionaries,
who omitted or included boroughs most fraudulently ana
ii regularly. A * A < * *
Richard II had largely availed himself of this dishonest
engine in packing the House oi Commons which he brought
together two years before hi& deposition. The Parliaments
of his Micee^or^ sferovo vigilantly to prevent such malprac-
tices mtutmc. The statute of the 7th Hemy IV was passed
' on the giievous complaints of the Commons against un-
due elections for shiics.' It contained regulations for the
time and manner of the election of knights." * *
"The king convened and the king dissolved the
Parliament. The king could add at his will new members
to its Upper House by creating peers.1" * * *
"* " Oilier points ot pailiamentary piivilege,«ueh as the
freedom of members trom airest, first attiact attention in
the records of the Lancastrian reign« ; but with legard to
one very important matter, the right to investigate and de-
termine contested elections, the Commons weie as yet un-
armed. The judgment of election disputes was exercised
by the king and his council. And it was at thi> epoch that
it was solemnly declaied that the Commons had no share
in the judicial functions ol Parliament." * * *
"There Is, however, no point of pailiamcntaiy privilege
which the Crown conceded to the Commons more unwill
