THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
House belieye that the people of these two dis-
tricts of New Orleansare all loyal? If so, why
aVe we exfercising military authority there at all ?
Why, when that authority was briefly relaxed
after General Butler was relieved, did such indi-
cations of insurrection andsedition manifest them-
selves? Until the report made by the gentleman
fVorft Massachusetts was laid onourdesfes, we had
riever suspected that New Orleans had become a
tfeorotyghly loyal city,andthat the only reason for
retaining military power there must be to prevent
recapture by the enemy. As I understand it,
notwithstanding there are many loyal citizens
there, it is a hot-bed of treason and rebellion, and
it is necessary that the strong arm of military
power shall be constantly maintained there to pre-
vent an outbreak against the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wouldsaytothegentleman
that a neighbor of my own, from my own State,
who was in New Orleans during the administra-
tion^General Butler, came to thiscity a few days
since, and he gives this account of the state of
things there. He says that the regulations of the
c-ity are better than they have ever been before.
He says that articles or living are abundant and
at reasonable prices; and, to use his language, that
nine tenths of the people at least would be op-
posed to a return of the confederate government,
but the disaffected and seditious tenth requires the
hand of the Government to restrain them. He
jftiys that the great body of the people acquiesce in
the present administration of the Federal Govern-
ment and are friendly to it. That is the attestation
Of a gentleman in whose judgment i have great
confidence,
Mr. PORTER. Well, if but one tenth of the
people are inclined to be disloyal, I do not see
why the military authority is not withdrawn, and
why the ordinary municipal officers of New Or-
leans cannot govern the inhabitants of that city.
It is well known that the mere appointment of
Ge^ral Banks, which gave rise to a belief that
military authority was not to be exerted as rigor-
ously as before, led to strong indications of insur-
rection against the Government.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. PORTER. With pleasure.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to ask the gentleman
this question: suppose a mob should assail the
Supreme Court una it should be necessary to call
outthe military power tt> defend thatcourt; would
that vitiate the proceedings of the court had while
thus defended from mob violence by military
power?
Mr. PORTER. Certainly not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then my point is, thatwhere
an election is honestly held, thcfactthat the voters
are protected by military power in the exercise of
the elective franchise does not vitiate the election.
Mr. PORTER. Butsupposea judge sitting on
the bench should be overawed by a mob, and un-
der the influence of that menace should render a
judgment; does the gentleman doubt that the
judgment would be null and void ? And if we were
satisfied that the people of New Orleans did not
hold a free and voluntary election, free from what
they regarded as menace and from overawing ap-
prehension, ought we not to treat the election as
invalid ? 1 am merely supposing a case.
Mr. LOVEJOY. fI he gentleman will allow me
to understand what his point is. Suppose the mili-
tary power should come in to prevent the violence
of the mob; would the mere fact that the court
Was protected by military power vitiate its acts ?
Mr. PORTER. Certainly not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then, of course, if the mil-
itary power only protected the people in the ex-
ercise of the elective franchise, that would not
vitiate the election.
Mr. PORTER. I have not argued that it would.
1 have argued that this election was held in pur-
suance of authority derived merely from an officer
of theFedera! Government, and notfrom theGov-
ernor of the State or Congress, and is therefore
invalid; and that an election by the people not
hdld m conformity to a law of Louisiana or of
Congress, or, tn case of a vacancy, under a proc-
lamation of a governor of Louisiana deriving his
authority, from her constitution and laws, is void.
I have also shown how there might be a moral
coercion which would vitiate an election otherwise
ilalitL
* MAYNA-RD. If th«rc were good, valid,
and sufficient reasons for holding an election for
Representatives in Congress, and if an insufficient
or unsound reason was added, how would that
affect the election r The proclamation of the Pres-
ident was in this instance only an additional in-
ducement to one already sufficient in itself; and
there is not a particle of evidence to show that a
solitary slaveholder voted at this election, or that
any voter was influenced by any other motive
than a desire to be represented.
Mr. PORTER. My friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] has already stated, both in his re-
port and speech, that nearly all the people voted
with surprising unanimity. Do none of the peo-
ple own slaves? But in answer to my friend from
Tennessee, I say that the mere fact that a threat
is accompanied by an invitation cannot diminish
the force of the threat. If a man were to come to a
member of this body, when a vote was being taken,
and, presenting a pistol to his breast,should say,
"please vote for this bill; you will oblige me by
doing it; and I will shoot you if you do not," I
want to know whether, supposing the member to
be a man who would yield to a threat at all, the
invitation accompanying the threat would miti-
gate the effect of the menace? I put an extreme
case merely to make the illustration a plain one.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose that if the'bill
was one which the gentleman thought right and
proper in itself, and which he intended to vote for
anyhow, he would hardly vote against it because
some man had the hardihood to make such a
threat as that.
Mr. PORTER. I am satisfied with my expla-
nation of these points. I know, sir, there is kindly
feeling towards the claimants of these seats—I
feel it myself—and that many members on this
side of the Chamber would derive political grati-
fication from their admission as members of this
body. I know, too, that election questions least
of all are decided upon their merits. But the
principle involved in the decision we shall make
seems to me too important to be treated with the
usual inconsrderateness.
I was struck .yesterday with the taunt of my
colleague [Mr. vooriiees] that by admittingthe
claimants we may make a precedent which may
some day be turned against us, commending the
ingredients of the poisoned chalice to our own lips.
Elections do not always go one way. I am not
disposed to engage in teaching instructions which
being taught may return to plague the inventor.
The good adage is, not that honesty is right,
which everybody has always known, but that it
is the best policy. Our judgments being instructed
by the best information which we can severally
obtain, let us all do right, each according to his
own independent judgment, convinced that to do
so is alike just and expedient.
Mr. ELiOT. Mr. Speaker, I desire to occupy
the attention of the House for a few moments,
while I state the grounds on which I shall place
my vote on these resolutions. I have not taken
part in the discussion of the various questions
that have come before the House this session—
either the financial question or that which occa-
sioned a great deal of excitement, concerning the
enhstmentof loval men in the South—not because
I did not feel Interested in those questions, but
because I did not desire to detain the House from
voting on either of them; and there seemed to me
no special cause why I should assign the reason
for my vote. But on this question I do want to
state why I have been unable to bring myself to
the support of the resolutions reported from the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. Speaker, it has not been hecause I have
not desired to sustain these resolutions, for £ have
examined this reportand the arguments contained
in it, and have listened to the statement of my
friend [xMr. Dawes] who submitted the report
on behalf of the committee, with a strong wish
that I might find some good ground on which t
could stand, and justify to myself a vote to admit
these gentlemen to scats on this floor. Sir, I can
find no argument that does not rest on the fitness
of these gentlemen to come among us here, or
upon the fairness of the election which, in my
judgment, was, beyond doubt, had within their
districts. I concede both these points. Indeed,
from all that I have heard of both the gentlemen
who claim seats on this floor, it would give me
the sincerest pleasure to welcome them among
us, fit and worthy and true Representatives of
true and loyal men, as i believe. The report
before us prevents, as I think, the possibility of
an argument that the election held within those
districts was not a free and fair election. 1 be-
lieve that it was the expression of the judgment
of the citizens residing within those districts, and
that these claimants represent, in coming here,
the wishes of their people. If that were all that
was requisite, if we needed but to know that a
constituency had expressed a unanimous will
that a certain gentleman should represent it here,
and that that gentleman was fit and worthy to
come, then it seems to me that all argument would
be in vain that would address itself to the House
against the right of either of these claimants.
Mr. Speaker, these are, in my judgment, the
plain facts: within that portion of the United
States over which the military governor of Louis-
iana holds authority, there was on the 3d day of
December, 1862, no State authority exercising
State functions under the laws of the State which
could give vitality to a representative election.
There was not upon that day, within the terri-
tory of ihat State, one civil officer, not one magis-
trate, high or low, elected under the laws of the
State and sworn in his office to support the Con-
stitution of the United States. That is confessed
to be true. That position my friend and colleague
will not controvert. The Legislature of Louisiana
had enacted ordinances of secession. The State
by its laws, by its judges, by its State action, by
every means within the practical and actual power
of all its public men authorized to act for it or to
represent it, had by form of law, by force, by
armed and defiant treason, declared war against its
Government. That is a fact which will not be
controverted or denied. Jhe State as such had
trampled upon the Constitution and the laws, and
it had, in my judgment, forfeited as a State all
right to constitutional protection.
Now, Mr. Speaker, gentlemen refer to State
suicide. 1 have never used such an expression.
This is what I hold on that point. The State of
Louisiana having by its laws, by its judges, by
all the tribunals, by all its public men authorized
to act for it, trampled on the Constitution of the
country, having attacked the country by war, hav-
ing withdrawn itself from its protection, has for-
feited the right to constitutional protection. But,
sir, its loyal citizens, true to their Government,
had lost no such right. It was the duty of the
Government to protect them. They had been
borne down by weight of rebel majorities in the
Legislative Assembly, and false laws had been en-
acted and new oaths had been prescribed. But
they remained loyal within their traitor State,
waiting for the time when the power of the Gov-
ernment should overcome the treason, and enable
them, by fit laws of Congress, to reconstruct their
State within the Union. The ordinances of se-
cession had no legal force or effect. If they had,
the State of Louisiana, with its people loyal or
disloyal, with ail its territory purchased by the
Government and paid for from the Treasury of
the Union, would have ceased to belong to the
United States. But being of no effect by law, yet
operative and vitalized by false form of law, and
by effective and controlling force, in fact, it fol-
lowed inevitably that, while the rebel State had
renounced its allegiance and cast off the protec-
tion of the Government, its territory remained
within theUnion,and its loyal men thereupon re-
siding were entitled to protection in their persons
and in their property, and in all their rights, as
soon as the military power of the Government
could be exerted there, and a new civil govern-
ment within the State could be created.
Now, Mr. Speaker,in my judgment, such civil
government must precede the time when a repre-
sentative election can be held. For no military
governor can, as it seems to me, be the " executive
authority" clothed with power under the Consti-
tution toissue^writsofelection." Idifferentirely
from what has been said in the course of this de-
bate as to the power of thje President to appoint
a military governor. Until some legislation by
Congress, which ought, as J believe, to have been
had before now, there was an imperative neces-
sity, demandingingfrom the Presidentasthe Com-
mander-in-Chief of our armies, to appoint a mil-
itary governor for the preservation of order and
the maintenance of law. It was the first step
which the President was required to take. But,
as the report of the committee states, the power
