1863.]'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
37m GOStG....3D(S®S.;
removed, nor any auicle manufactured in said
bonded warehouse,classtwo,shall betaken there-
from except for exportation, under the direction
of the proper officer of the customs having charge
thereof, whose certificate, describing the articles
by their marks, or otherwise, the quantity, the
date of importation, and name of vessel, with
such additional particulars as may from time to
time be required, shall be received by the collector
of customs in cancellation of the bonds or return
of the amount of foreign import duties. Alt labor
performed and services rendered under these reg-
ulations shall be under the supervision of an
officer of the customs, and at the expense of the
manufacturer.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That spokes,
hubs, felloes, grindstones, coke, silver bullion,
rolled or prepared for platers'use exclusively;
materials for the manufacture of hoop-skirts ex-
clusively, and unfitted for other use, (such as
steel wire, rolled, tempered,orcovered, cuttapes,
and small wares for joining hoops together;)
spindles, and castings of all descriptions, where
made exclusively for instruments, articles, or
machinery upon which duties are assessed and
paid, shall be exempt from duty; and all goods,
wares, and merchandise, and articles made or
manufactured from materials which have been
subject to and upon which internal duties have
been actually paid, or materials imported upon
which duties have been paid, or upon which no
duties are imposed by law, where the increased
value of such goods, wares, and merchandise, and
articles so made and manufactured shall not ex-
ceed the amount of five per centum ad valorem,
shall be, and hereby are, exempt from duty.
Sec. 30. And be it farther enacted, That on all
cloths of silk, cotton, or other material, dyed,
printed, bleached, manufactured, or prepared into
other fabrics, winch were removed from the place
of manufacture prior to the first of September,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, or which have
been or shall be imported, the duty or tax of three
per centum shall be assessed only upon the in-
creased value thereof: Provided further, That
whenever the duty has been assessed, or assessed
and collected at the full value thereof, upon cloths
of silk, cotton, or other material manufactured
and removed from the place of manufacture prior
to the first of September, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, or which were imported prior to the
passage of this act, and winch have been dyed,
printed, bleached, manufactured, or otherwise
prepared into other fabrics, since the first of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, subject to the reg-
ulation of the Secretary of the Treasury, shall
be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed to
remit, refund, and pay back such proportion of
said duties as were assessed upon the value of
such cloths before the same were so dyed, printed,
bleached, manufactured, or otherwise prepared.
Sec. 31. And be it Jurther enacted, That the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, subject to the
regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury, shall
be, and hereby is, authorized to remit, refund,
and pay back all duties erroneously or illegally
assessed or collected, and all judgments or sums
of money recovered m any courtagainst any col-
lector or cieputy collector for any duties or licenses
paid under protest.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That manu-
facturers of lard oil, lubricating oil, and linseed
oil shall be subject to the provisions of the act to
which this is an amendment, relating to distillers
of spnituous liquois, and designed for the pur-
pose of ascertaining the quantity produced, so
far as the same may, in the judgment of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and under regu-
lations to be prescribed by him, be deemed neces-
sary.
Sec. 33. And be it farther enacted, That the pro-
visions of the act to which this act is an amend-
ment, in relation to returns by manufacturers, and
the payment and collection of duties upon man-
ufactured articles, enumerated in section seventy-
five of said at t, shall be, and hereby are, made
wpnlrable to the pioduccrs of articles which are
also mentioned in said section, and on which
tax"s ate levied.
Sec. 34. And be it farther enacted, That there
shall be designated by the collector in every (lis-
New Bnnris No. 14,
trict where the same may be necessary one or
more inspectors of manufactured tobacco, who
shall take an oath faithfully to perform their du-
ties in such form as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall prescribe, and who shall be entitled
to receive such fees as may be fixed and prescribed
by said Commissioner. And alt manufactured
tobacco shall, before the same is used or removed
for consumption or sale, be inspected and weighed
by an inspector, designated as aforesaid, who
shall mark upon the box or other package con-
taining such tobacco, in a manner to be prescribed
by said Commissioner, the quality and weight of
the contents of such package, with the date of in-
spection , and the name of the inspector. The fees
of such inspector shall in all cases be paid by the
owner of the tobacco so inspected and weighed.
The penalties for the fraudulent marking of any
package of tobacco, and for any fraudulent at-
tempt to evade the duties on tobacco, so inspect-
ed, by changing in any manner the package or
the marks thereon, shall be the same as are pro-
vided in relation to distilled spirits by existing
laws. That manufactured tobacco may be re-
moved from the place of manufacture for the pur-
pose of being exported, after the quantity and
qualityjo be so removed shall have been ascer-
tained by inspection, according to the provisions
of this act, upon and with the written permission
of the collector or deputy collector of the district,
without payment of the duties thereon previous
to such removal, the owner thereof having given
bond to the United States, with sufficient sure-
ties, in the manner and form and under regula-
tions to be prescribed by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, and in at least double the amount
of said duties to export the said manufactured
tobacco or pay the duties thereon within such time
as may be stated in the bond; and all the provis-
ions relative to the exportation of distilled spirits
in bond, contained in the act to which this is an
amendment, as far as the same may be applica-
ble, shall be applied to the exportation of tobacco
in bond: Provided, however, That nothing herein
contained shall be considered to apply to snuff,
fine-cut tobacco, or cigars.
Sec. 35. And be it further enactcd, That the evi-
dence of exportation to entitle to benefit of draw-
back under the act to provide internal revenue to
which this act. is an amendment, and the rules and
regulations pertaining thereto, .shall be the same
as those which are now or may be lequiied to en-
title the exportei to benefit of diawback under the
acts r< lating to drawbacks of duties on imports,
with such other rules and regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe; that the
bureau in charge of exports for the benefit of draw-
back under the acts as aforesaid at the port of
New York, (and at such other poits as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may designate,) shall have
charge of the same under the actto which this act
is an amendment; that the head of such bureau
shall be invested with the authority and receive
the emoluments of a deputy of the collector of
customs; and that the said bureau shall, under the
direction of the collector of customs, embrace the
supervision of nil exports entitled to remission of
duties, or to drawback of duties paid, under the
a£ts above mentioned; the ascertaining and certi-
fying such duties; the taking and cancellation of
required bonds; the charge of all exportentry pa-
pers for benefit of drawback and officers'returns
thereon, and of certificates in proof of the land-
ing of such exports abroad: Provided, That noth-
ing herein contained shall be construed to change
or modify the existing mode of paying the draw-
backs and debentures allowed by the laws before
referred to.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted. That the as-
sistant treasurer of the United States at San Fran-
cisco is required, under such instructions as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall prescribe,
to audit, allow, and pay the accounts fot aervicft
of the collectors and assessors of California, Ore-
gon ,and Nevada Tern to rv, subject to the revision
of the said commissioner.
Sue. 37. Andbe H further enacted. Thatthis act,
excep' where o t hei wise l ml lea ted, sli all take effect
from and after Us passage, and ail acts and parts
of aits repugnant to the provisions of this act be,
and thesameareheieby, repealed: Provided,That
the existing laws shall extend to and be m force,
as modified, for the collection jO,f,.th« ^ItUies im-
posed by this act, for the prosecution and punish*-;
ment or all offenses, and for the. recovery* qolr.
lection, distribution, and remission of all fines,,,
penalties, and forfeitures, as fully and effectually
as if every regulation, penalty, forfeiture, p*QVi{K
ion, clause, matter, and thing to that effect, in--.
the existing Jaws contained, had been inserted in>.
and reenacted by, this act.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the date when this act takes effect, there ■
shall be an allowance or drawback on cordials and
other liquors manufactured wholly or in part of
domestic spirits on which a duty shall have been
paid, equal in amount to the duty paid on such
spirits when exported, with such deduction as the
Secretary of the Treasury may think reasonable,
not exceeding five per centum of the amount of
duty so paid; the amount to be ascertained in the
manner and under the regulations prescribed in
section on[e] hundred and sixteen of the act to
which this is additional, and the same to be sub-
ject to all the provisions of said section applica-
ble thereto: Provided, That no such allowance
shall be made unless thetalue of the spirits used
in such manufacture shall exceed one half of the
whole value of the article manufactured as afore-
said.
Approved, March 3,1863.
Chap. LXXV.—An Act for enrolling and call-
ing out the National Forces, and for other pur-
poses.
Whereas there now exist in the United States
an insurrection and rebellion against the authority
thereof, and it is, under the Constitution of the
United States, the duty of the Government to sup-
press insurrection and rebellion,to guaranty to
each State a republican form of government, and
to preserve the public tranquillity; and whereas,
for these high purposes,a'mihtary force is indis-
pensable, to raise and support which all persons
ought willingly to contribute; and whereas no
service can be more praiseworthy and honorable
than that which is rendered for the maintenance
of the Constitution and Union, and the consequent
preservation of free government: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stateb vf America in Congress
assembled, That all able-bodied male citizens of
the United States, and persons of foreign birth
who shall have declared on oath their intention to
become citizens under and in pursuance of the
laws thereof, between the ages of twenty and forty-
five years, except as hereinafter excepted, are
hereby declared to constitute the national forces,
and shall be liable to perform military duty in the
service of the United' States when called out by
the President for that purpose.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing persons be, and they are hereby, excepted
and exempt from the provisions of this act, and
shall not be liable to military duty under the
same, to wit: such as are rejected as physically
or mentally unfit for the service; also, first, the
Vice President of the United States, the judges of
the various couris of the United States, the heads
of the various Executive Depaitments ofthe Gov-
ernment, and the Grovernoi s of the several States.
Second, the only son liable to military duty of a
widow dependent upon his labor for support.
Third, the only son of aged or infnm parent or
parents dependent upon his labor for support.
Fourth, where there are two or more sons of aged
or infirm parents subject to draft, the father, or,
if he be dead, the mother, may elect which son
shall be exempt. Fifth, the only brother of chil-
dren not twelve years old, having neither father
nor mother, dependent upon his labor for support.
Sixth, the father of motherless children under
twelve years of age dependent upon his labor for
support. Seventh, where there are a father and
sons in the same family and household, and two
of them are in the military service of the United
States as non-commissioned officers, musicians,
or privates, the residue of such family and house-
hold, not exceeding two, shall be exempt. And
no persons but such as are herein excepted shall
be exempt: Provided, however, That no person
who has been convicted of any felony shall be en-
rolled or permitted to serve in said forces.
