1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of a military governor, whose appointment could
only be justified by necessity, must be limited.
Within Ins province he*may preserve order and
maintain the laws. But he maintains the law by
the sword. The judges and officers of his appoint-
ment derive their power from the sword, and not
from the statute. Appointed by military power,
they administer the law. But beyond the main-
tenance of good order and the preservation of law
their power cannot go.
Mr. Speaker, for the few days thatare to elapse
before the end of this Congress it will be of very
little consequence to these gentlemen or to the
legislation of the country whether they are here
or not. Can anybody tell me who will take their
places as applicants for seats here at the next Con-
gress? I ask gentlemen if it is safe, because of a
strong personal desire that these gentlemen shall
be among us, to set precedents that will, by and
by, bring applicants here of very different polit-
ical faith and of very questionable loyalty?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply wish to ask this
question: suppose Louisiana should send an en-
tire delegation elected in compliance with all the
forms which the gentleman thinks necessary to
make an election valid, would his reception of
these Representatives depend at all upon their
political faith ?
Mr. ELIOT. Not at all. Not at all. When
the State of Louisiana shall send Representatives
here in that way, no matter what their belief mig;ht
be, I should feel bound to vote for their admis-
sion, provided they be loyal.
Mr. LOVEJOY. One otherquestion, with the
gentleman's permission. If it is competent for
the President to appoint a military governor to
perform the functions which the gentleman says
he may perform, of appointing judges, sheriffs,
and everything of that kind, why is it not com-
petent for him to make an arrangement for a free
and uninfluenced election? Will he tell me whether
the right of the voter to be represented here is not
as important as many of the rights which the gen-
tleman admits a military governor may confer ?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; quite as important as the
rights depending upon the appointment of sheriffs,
justices of the peace, and other officers for the
preservation and maintenance of peace and order.
But the difference is that these officers come fairly
within the scope of an officer whose duty is to pre-
serve peace iii the district over which he is the
military governor. But whether he has power
under the authority conferred upon him to issue
a proclamation calling an election under which
members of Congress are to come here, is a veiy
different question in my judgment.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. ELIOT. 1 will yield to my colleague.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Does my
colleague believe the Government of the United
States would have the power to collect its revenue
' at the port of New Orleans, to enforce taxation,
and compel, in point of fact, obedience to the Uni-
ted States? Does my colleague believe the Gov-
ernment would have that authority?
Mr. ELIOT. When my colleague has finished
his question 1 will try to answer it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I have fin-
ished it.
Mr. ELIOT. In 16 Howard's Reports there
is a case which my learned colleague has in his
mind. He would, I am sure, hardly expect that
I should give an answer that would go directly in
the face of the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to permit me to suggest that when
the decision of the case in 1G Howard, to which
he refers, was made, the judge who gave the
opinion of the court had b'efore him, which he
adopted as a part of the decision, an opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury that the express
provisions of the Constitution controlled all the
powers in the case of a military governor «r any-
body else.
Mr. ELIOT. The case to which my friend
from Ohio refers, and the case which is also re-
ferred to in the report of the committee, to which
allusion was made yesterday by the honoiable
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] is one
which arose-under the revenue laws, when it be-
came necessary for a decision to be had whcthei
certain duties which had beea collected under the
authority of the military governor of California
could be recovered back again. In the course of the
consideration of that case it became necessary for
the court to inquire to a limited extent—so far as it
was requisite to elucidate the opinion they were
giving—into the power of a military governor. It
is surely enough for our purpose to say that there
was nothing in that opinion which would go the
length of asserting that a military governor might
issue writs of election. In that case of Cross and
Harrison there had been duties imposed. They
had beSn received, as was claimed,improperly, and>
it became the duty of the court to examine suffi-
ciently into the circumstances of the transaction
to determine whether they should be refunded or
not. It was held that imposition of duties under
the law of necessity wasaproper imposition,and
that these duties should not be refunded.
Now, this decision is conclusive, I admit, if a
military governor of Louisiana should undertake
to do the same thing in New Oilcans. So far, I
say, that opinion is authority; I should be bound
to admit that he could do it. But I must be per-
mitted to remark that the decision does not cover
this case. Nor did the case of Cross and Harri-
son refer to a territory within the United States,
but to a territory conquered by the United States
outside its own borders.
Mr. DAWES. Let me suggest that my friend
has evidently not read the case lately. Ihe case
was divided into three parts. He has only read
one third of it.
Mr. ELIOT. My colleague will do me the jus-
tice to say that I have been talking about as rap-
idly as 1 could, and perhaps in twice the time I
have occupied, I could state the other two thirds.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has already
stated the first part in such a way that he could
not state the other two thirds correctly without
contradicting himself. One third of the opinion
relates to a conquered territory,just as my friend
says; one third applies, not to a conquered terri-
tory, but to a territory ceded to the United States,
and therefore as much a part of ihe United States
as the territory of Louisiana; and the other third
part of it applies to the power of a military gov-
ernor in a collection district, where the laws of
the United States had, by special enactment, been
extended over it, and made applicable to it, and
for which a collector had been appointed.
Mr. ELIOT. Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask my
colleague whether the Supreme Court in this case
did give an opinion which recognized the validity
of the act of a military governor in issuing writs
of election ?
Mr. DAWES. I say that they did recognize
the validity of the exercise of civil functions by a
military governor. They laid it down that so far
as it was necessary to bring a civil government
into action through the instrumentality of a mili-
tary governor, they would lecognize and sanction
his action.
Mr. ELIOT. So far as the imposition of duties
by a military governor is concerned, I recognize
the application of that decision of the Supreme
Court. ^ .
But, sir, I am using up more of the time of the
House than I intended to occupy. 1 have read
with a great deal of attention and care the report
of the Committee of Elections, which my colleague
has presented to the House. But I fail to see how
they have removed the doubts as to the power of
Governor Siiepley to act in issuing his writs of
election. They say truly that the powers of a
military governor have their origin in and are
limited by necessity. They say truly that his
powers are, to some extent, civil as well as mili-
tary. And I admit cheerfully the authority of
the case cited by them, as reported in 16 How-
ard's Reports. But suppose General Halleckha,d
issued a writ of election for a member of Con-
gress. There is nothing in the reasoning of the
court in the case of Cross vs. Harrison which
would have sustained that action.
Mr. Speaker, the situation of these rebel States
is wholly anomalous. At this time we are waging
war against them. The power of the Govern-
ment is exerted to subdue rebellion within then-
borders. If in any State the rebellion shall be
subdued and the loyal men shall reorganize their
State and elect their Governor, who shall enforce
the laws, and the people shall then act under the
laws, and shall return to this House their Repre-
sentatives, they will be cheerfully and gladly Be-
ceived; or if Congress shall pass fit .enactments
under which elections shall be held, we may safe-
ly act. But at this momentthe State of Louisiana
is a State in rebellion against the Government.
That rebellion must be subdued anda loyal State
created. How this shall be done we know. It
can be effected but in one way. Our arms tiiust
conquer a peace, and the loyal men, protected by
the Government and aided by its legislation,
reform their State, and take their place again as
our friends and companions and brethren. So
shalf the Constitution be upheld and tranquillity
be restored.
FRAUDS UPON THE REVENUE.
Mr. WASH8URNE. I wish to state that the
Secretary of the Treasury has sent here some pa-
pers in connection with frauds upon the revenue
in New York, accompanied by a bill of a good
deal of importance, which I desire to have read
5 first and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and printed.
There being no objection,
Mr. WASHBURNE introduced a bill to pre-
vent and punish frauds upon the revenue; to pro-
vide for the more certain and speedy collection of
claims against the United States, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and, with
the accompanying papers, ordered to be printed.
LOUISIANA ELECTIONS—AGAIN.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to say only a few words
in reference to the legal proposition involved in
the case before the House. I supppse that it will
be admitted that the whole question turns upon
the extent of the powers which may be exercised
by a military governor.
Now, what is a military governor? For what
is he appointed? Notfor the purpose of perform-
ing any mihtaiy act in the district over which ho
is appointed, for all such acts can be perfoiyped
by an ordinary military commander. He isHent
there for another purpose, and that is to supply
the place of the local functionaries in the perform-
ance of their civil duties, which it is absolutely
necessary should be performed in order to secure
the rights of the people.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. Do I understand
that the gentleman from Massachusetts has yielded
the floor?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir.
Mr. YALLAND1GHAM. I object to his
yielding it, for I desire to be heard fora very short
time myself, before the debate closes.
Mr. NOELL. The gentleman can have a part
of my time.
Mr. Speaker, I have remarked that the military
governor appointed for the State of Louisiana was
not sent there for military purposes, but to exer-
cise certain civil powers necessary for the protec-
tion of the people. The civil authorities there
having abdicated, become a treasonable body, and
omitting to perform their functions, it vvas neces-
sary that the United Slates should substitute some
authority there for the purpose of supplying the
performance of those functions absolutely neces-
sary for the people.
Now, sir, it lias been admitted on all sides of
the House that a military governor can appoint
civil officers. The functions of a Governor of a
State are various. Some are of a national ^and
some are of a State character. Thus the Gov-
ernor necessarily becoir ^s mixed up with national
affairs. The duties which the Governor has in
this instance exercised are of that class. He is
required by the laws of the State of Louisiana to
order elections in cases where vacancies may oc-
cur. It was necessary for the people of Louisi-
ana that this should be done in order to keep up
their intercourse, under the Constitution of the
United States, with the Federal Government. The
Governor of Louisiana, before treason and seces-
sion took place, was invested with authority by
the local law to order elections. Now, sir, what
have our armies been sent there for?_ To subju-
gate the rebels and to restore the Union; and for
that purpose the military governor, necessaiily
appointed by the President, is clothed with all the
proper power. Accoiding to my idea, the best
means to bring the States in rebellion back into
the Union will he..to permit the introduction of
Representatives from those States into this House,
for the purpose .of participating in the various
