210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Stui Cong,...3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the na-
tional forces of the United Suites not now in the
military service, enrolled under this act, shall be
divided into two classes: the first of which shall
comprise all persons subject to do military duty
between the ages of twenty and thirty-five years,
and all unmarried persons subject to do military
duty above the age of thirty-five and under the
age of forty-five; the second class shall comprise
all other persons subject to do military duty; and
they shall not, in any district, be called into the
service of the United States until those of the first
class shall have been called.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, for
greater convenience in enrolling, calling out, and
organizing the national forces, and for the arrest
of deserters and spies of the enemy, the United
States shall be divided into districts, of which the
District of Columbia shall constitute one, each
Territory of the United States shall constitute one
or more, as the President shall direct, and each
congressional district of the respective Stutes, us
fixed by a law of the State next preceding the en-
rollment, shall constitute one: Provided, That m
States which have not 1% their laws been divided
into two or more congressional districts, the Pres-
ident of the United States shall divide the same
into so many enrollment districts as he may deem
fit and convenient.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That for each
of said districts there shall be appointed by the
President a provost marshal, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a captain of cavalry, or an
officer of said rank shall be detailed by the Presi-
dent, who shall be under the direction and subject
to the orders of a Provost Marshal General, ap-
pointed or detailed by the President of the United
States, whose office shall be at the seat of Gov-
ernment, forming a separate bureau of the War
Department, and whose rank, pay, and emolu-
ments shall be those of a colonel of cavalry.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Provost Marshal General, with
the approval of the Secretary of War, to make
rules and regulations for the government of his
subordinates; to furnish them with the names and
residences of all deserters from the Army, or any
of the land forces in the service of the United
States, including the militia, when reported to him
by the commanding officers; to communicate to
them all orders of the President in reference to
calling out the national forces; to furnish proper
blanks and instructions for enrolling and drafting;
to file and preserve copies of all enrollment lists;
to require stated reports of all proceedings on the
part of his subordinates; to audit all accounts con-
nected with the service under his direction; and
to perform such other duties as the President may
prescribe in carrying out the provisions of this
act.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the provost marshals to arrest all
deserters, whether regulars, volunteers, militia-
men, or persons called into the service under this
or any other actoC Congress, wherever they may
be found, and to send them to the nearest mili-
tary commander or military post; to detect, seize,
and confine spies of the enemy, who shall, with-
out unreasonable delay, be delivered to the cus-
tody of the general commanding the department
in which they may he arrested, to be tried as soon
as the exigencies of the service permit; to obey
all lawful orders and regulations of the Provost
Marshal General, and such as may be prescribed
by law,concerning the enrollment and calling into
service the national forces.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in each
of said districts there shall be a board of enroll-
ment, to be composed of the provost marshal, as
president, and two other persons, to be appointed
by the President of the United States, one of whom
shall be a licensed and practicing physician and
surgeon.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the said board to divide the district
into sub-districts of convenient size, if they shall
deem it necessary, not exceeding two, without
the direction of the Secretary of War, and to ap-
point, on or before the tenth day of March next,
and in each alternate year thereafter, an enrolling
officer for each sub-district, and to furnish him
with proper blanks and instructions; and he shall
immediately proceed to enroll all persons subject
to military duty, noting their respective places of
residence, ages on the first day of July following,
and their occupation, and shall, on or before the
first day of April, report the same to the board of
enrollment, to be consolidated into one list, a copy
of which shall be transmitted to the Provost Mar-
shal General on or before the first day of May
succeeding the enrollment: Provided, nevertheless,
That if from any cause the duties prescribed by
this section cannot be performed within the time
specified, then the same shall be performed as soon
thereafter as practicable.
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That the en-
rollment of each class shall be made separately,
and shall only embrace those whose ages shall be
on the first day of July thereafter between twenty
and forty-five years.
Sec. 11. Andbe it further enacted, Thatall per-
sons thus enrolled shall be subject, for two years
after the first day of July succeeding the enroll-
ment, to be called into the military service of the
United States, and to continue in service during
the present rebellion, not, however, exceeding the
term of three years; and when called into service
shall be placed on the same footing, in all respects,
as volunteers for three years, or during the war,
including advance pay and bounty as now pro-
vided by law.
Sec. 12. AndbeAt further enacted, That when-
ever it may be necessary to call out the national
forces for military service, the President is hereby
authorized to assign to each district the number
of men to be furnished by said district; and there-
upon the enrolling board shall, under the direction
of the President, mhke a draft of the required num-
ber, and fifty per cent, in addition, and shall make
an exact and complete roll of the names of the
persons so drawn, and of the order in which they
were drawn, so that the first drawn may stand
first upon the said roll, and the second may stand
second, and soon. And the persons so drawn
shall be notified of the same within ten days there-
after by a written or printed notice, to be served
personally or by leaving a copy at the last place
of residence, requiring them to appear at a desig-
nated rendezvous to report for duty. In assign-
ing to the districts the number of men to be fur-
nished therefrom, the President shall take into
consideration the number of volunteers and militia
furnished by and from the several States in which
said districts are Bituated, and the period of their
service since the commencement of the present
rebellion, and shall so make said assignment as
to equalize the numbers among the districts of the
several States, considering and allowing for the
numbers already furnished as aforesaid and the
time of their service.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That any
person drafted and notified to appear as aforesaid,
may, on or before the day fixed for his appear-
ance, furnish an acceptable substitute to take his
place m the draft; or he may pay to such person
as the Secretary of War may authorize to receive
it, such sum, not exceeding three hundred dol-
lars, as the Secretary may determine, for the pro-
curation of such substitute; which sum shall be
fixed at a uniform rate by a general order inaded
at the time of ordering a draft for any State or
Territory; and thereupon such person so furnish-
ing the substitute, or paying the money, shall be
discharged from further liability under that draft.
And any person failing to report after due service
of notice,as herein prescribed,without furnishing
a substitute, or paying the required sum therefor,
shall be deemed a deserter, and shall be arrested
by the provost marshal and sent to the nearest
military post for trial by court-martial, unless,
upon proper showing that he is not liable to do
military duty, the board of enrollment shall re-
lieve htm from the draft.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That all
Rafted persons shall, on arriving at the rendez-
vous, be carefully inspected by the surgeon of the
board, who shall truly repoi't to the board the
physical condition of each one; and all persoti3
drafted and claiming exemption from military duty
on account of disability, or any other cause, shall
present their claims to be exempted to the board,
whose decision shall be finai.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That any
surgeon charged with the duty of such inspection
who shall receive from any person whomsoever
any money or other valuable thing, or agree, di-
rectly or indirectly, to receive the same to lua
own or another's use for making an imperfect
inspection or a false or incorrect report, or who
shall willfully neglect to make a faithful inspec-
tion and true report, shall be tried by a court-
martial, and, on conviction thereof, be punished
by fine not exceeding five hundred dollars nor
less than two hundred, and'be imprisoned at the
discretion of the court, and be cashiered and dis-
missed from the service.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That as soon
as the required number of able-bodied men liable
to do military duty shall be obtained from the
list of those drafted, the remainder shall be-dis-
charged. And all drafted pe'rsons reporting at
the place of rendezvous shall be allowed travel-
ing pay from their places of residence; and all
persons discharged at the place of rendezvous
shall be allowed traveling pay to their placos of
residence; and all expenses connected with the
enrollment and draft, including subsistence while
at the rendezvous, shall be paid from the appro-
priation- for enrolling and drafting, under such
regulations as the President of the United States
shall prescribe; and all expenses connected with
the arrest and return of deserters to their regi-
ments, or such other duties as the provost mar-
shal shall be called upon to perform, shall be paid
from the appropriation for arresting deserters,
under such such regulations as the President of
the United States shall prescribe: Provided, The
provost marshals shall in no case receive commu-
tation for transportation or for fuel and quarters,
but only for forage, when not furnished by the
Government, together with actual expenses of
postage, stationery, and clerk hire authorized by
the Provost Marshal General.
Sec . 17. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son enrolled and drafted according to the provis-
ions of this act who shall furnish an acceptable
substitute, shall thereupon receive from the board
of enrollment a certificate of discharge from such
draft, which shall exempt him from military duty
during the time for which he was drafted; cyid
such substitute shall be entitled to the same pay
and allowances provided by law as if he had been
originally drafted into the service of the United
States.
Sec. IS. And be it'furthcr enacted, That such of
the volunteers and militia now in the service of
the United States as may reenlist to serve one
year, unless sooner discharged, after the expira-
tion of their present term of service, shall be en-
titled to a bounty of fifty dollars, one half of
which to be paid upon sucli reenlistment, and the
balance at the expiration of the term of reenlist-
ment. And such as may reenlist to serve for two
years, unless sooner discharged, after the expira-
tion of their present term of enlistment, shall re-
ceive,upon such reenlistment, twenty-five dollars
of the one hundred dollars bounty for enlistment
provided by the fifth section of the act approved
twenty-second of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, entitled "An.act to authorize the em-
ployment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property."
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever a regiment of volunteers of the same arm,
from the same State, is reduced to one half the
maximum number prescribed by law, the Presi-
d""i may direct the consolidation of the compa-
int-s of such regiment: Provided, That no com-
pany so formed shall exceed the maximum num-
ber prescribed by law. When such consolidation
is made, the regimental officers shall be reduced
in proportion to the reduction in the number of
companies.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever a regiment is reduced below the minimum
number allowed by law, no officers shall be ap-
pointed in such regiment beyond those necessary
for the command of such reduced numbei.
Sec. 21. Andbe it further enacted, That so much
of the fifth section of the act approved seventeenth
July, eighteen hundred and six ty-two, entHled
"x\n act to amend an act calling forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union," and so forth,
as requires the approval of the President to carry
into' execution the sentence of a court-martial, be,
ttnd the same is hereby, repealed, as far as relates
