THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Pleasures of national legislation. The only act
iione by the military governor of Louisiana was
to order an election to fill these vacancies, and to
fix the time when that election should be held.
Now> it is contended that the military governor
' had no right to bring about these elections; that
• he had the right to fix neither the time, place, nor
- mannevof holding that election. I would be glad
to have some gentleman explain to me how this
' military governor has the power to appoint a judge
for the decision of grave judicial questions arising
under the Constitution of the United States, and
yet that he-cannot perform the mere ministerial
duty of ordering an election to fill vacancies in the
representation of the State in this body? If lie
is substituted in all the functions of the civil Gov-
ernor of Louisiana, to the extent of having the
authority to appoint these judges, and other offi- ,
. cers, who are required to execute not only local j
but Federal laws, by what reason can it be main- '
tained that he has no right to say to the people j
that they shall vote at an election, at the same '
time fixing the time and place where it shall be j
held ? ;
There is another point, Mr. Speaker. The !
President, by his proclamation in September last,
announced that on the 1st of January, 1863, the
slaves of all the i*ebel States would be emanci-
pated, excepting only such States and parts of
States as should be represented in good faith in j
the Congress of the United States. We have, sir,
by an overwhelming majority declared that that
proclamation, thuslssued by the President, was
constitutional, necessary, and just. The Pres-
ident proclaimed to the people of those districts
of Louisiana that if they would send Representa-
tives'to this Congress they should be exempted
from the operation of that proclamation. We
have ratified all that the President has done in this
matter. Good faith on our part requires us to
sustain the President in the execution of this proc-
lamation. These parts of Louisiana have sent
Representatives herein accordance with that proc-
lamation, and those Representatives have asked
to be admitted in good faith to seats upon this
floor. I cannot conceive how the majority of this
House, which has indorsed the constitutionality
and propriety of the President's proclamation,
can vote that we shall repudiate the fruits of that
proclamation, or can refuse to fulfill the promises
which it held out.
Something has been said about the policy of
admitting members circumstanced as these mem-
bers from Louisiana. I have as much regard, I
hope, Mr. Speaker, for the Constitution of the
United States as other gentlemen ordinarily have;
but there is one thing 1 have determined never to
do, and that is, never to save only so much of the
Constitution as will necessarily destroy the whole
of that instrument. 1 do not think we are sus-
taining the Constitution of the United States by
stickling on little technicalities at a time when
civil convulsions threaten the existence of our
very frame of government itself. I want to save
the whole Government and the whole Constitu-
tion. If I have to bend in any particular', I want
to bend in favor of the Government, and not
against it. If I have to take my choice between
losing the whole or a part of the Constitution, I
will lose the lesser part rather than the whole in-
strument. That, sir, is my policy.
1 believe that the loyal men of the rebel States,
oppressed and downtrodden us they have been,
are the means by wKieh we are to reassert the au-
• thority of the Government throughout the length
and breadth of this land. It depends upon them
whether this war is to be prosecuted to a success-
ful close. I believe it most firmly; and I admit
frankly that one of the leasons why I am in favor
of admitting that clays of Representatives upon the
floor of this House is that this Government may-
be sustained. I tell gentlemen on this side of the
House that they ought to be cautious how they
tie their hands on the question of policy; for if
there is anything in policy at all, the true policy
of the Government, and of all those who wish to
prosecute the war to a successful conclusion, is to
enable the loyal men to be represented in Con-
gress. That 1 believe to be the tine policy.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let me make an inquiry of
my friend from Missouri. Would my friend ob-
< Ject,so far as the policy to-which he lias referred
is concerned, to carrying it into effect under the
"'Constitution ofthe Uuited S'&u-s; that is, by Con-
gress passing a law authorizing the President of !
the United States, by proclamation, to appoint j
•officers necessary to provide for the holding of an i
election in accordance with the Constitution ?
Mr. NOELL. I was about to come to the point
to which the gentleman from Ohio has brought
my attention. I am in favor of the enactment of
a law which will provide for the case of the loyal
men in all these rebel States. I do not want to do
impossibilities. I do not want to ask of the loyal
men in the rebel States'that they shall be repre-
sented here, and then refuse them the means by
which they are to be represented. I want a law
enacted by which the military governors shall be
invested with the power to fix the time, place, and
manner of holding elections in rebel States if there
be anv doubt about it now. I am unwilling that
this House shall adjourn at this session until an
act of that character has been passed. I admit
that it is a mater of little importance for the pres-
ent Congress, whether these members from Lou-
isiana are admitted or not; for undoubtedly others
: will be elected in their places for the next Con-
gress. I am not only in favor, in order that we
should receive these States back into the Union,
of the enactment of a law for the admission of
Representatives in a legal form, but I am in favor
of passing a stringent law by which all the rebels
will be cutoff from participation in the elections.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is right.
Mr. NOELL. That is my policy, and T intend
to carry it out. I intend to carry out that policy
wherever I have the power to do so. I think
that we ought to look after the loyal people in tl«
rebel States. In this case, when the loyal people
of Louisiana have complied with the laws of Lou-
isiana in every possible respect; and when the
military governor, as i believe, was empowered to
perform the civil functions which had been abdi-
cated by the treason of the former Governor, so
far as was necessary, I am in favor of admitting
the Representatives who were chosen at that elec-
tion. If the military governor had the power to
perform all the other civil functions of the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana I do not see why this should
be an exception. Itisasimportant to the people
of those districts to be represented here as is the
execution of any of the ordinary local laws; and I
believe that good faith, after having indorsed the
President's proclamation, requires that we should
carry it out, and admit these gentlemen, who came
here under that proclamation and its reservations.
Mr. BINGHAM. I had hoped not to have
been called upon to discuss a question of this sort
dm ing the present session of*Congress. No one
can regret more than I do the necessity of resist-
ing a report emanating from a committee of this
House which I know has at heart the conserva-
tion of the Constitution and the Union. But I am
not willing to concede that even in time of civil
war and internal revolt the Constitution of the
United States does not, by its grants of power,
authorize whatever may be necessary for the com-
mon defense and the maintenance of all the rights
of all the people of every section of the Union.
Much of the argument to which I have listened
this day proceeds upon the assumption that the
Constitution of the United States does not pto-
vide for the perfect security under law, and by
law, of ull the Federal rights of every loyal citi-
zen of the American Union. I repeat here, Mr.
Speaker, this evening, what I said upon this floor
a year ago, that 1 would be ashamed to approach
your tribune and take upon my soul the obligation
of an oath to suppoit the Constitution of my
country if I esteemed it a weak and wicked in-
vention, which denied to the people, the whole peo-
ple, of the United States the power to provide by
law for the protection of every right guarantied
under that Constitution to every loyal citizen, even
the humblest, in every State und upon every rood
of the Republic. I beg here to-day to repudiate
the suggestion, from whatever quarter it may
come, that the Constitution of the United States
has not invested the people of the United States,
through their Representatives, with full authority
over this question of Federal elections, as well as
ovt.r every other question which can possibly
arise, even in this dread hour of peril and of dan-
ger to the Republic.
{ stand here to-day to deny, and to challenge
contradiction of that denial from any quarter what-
ever, that even a majority of the people of any
!  State of this Union can, by treason or otherwise,
strip the minority of such State of the right of
representation in the Federal Legislature. This
right of the minority of a State, after the treason
and secession of the majority thereof, to repre-
sentation in the Federal Legislature, depends, of
course, upon the condition that the minority are
numerous enough to support, if protected in their
rights, a State government, and that they do assert
their right in the premises to reorganize and main-
tain their State government. There can be no rep-
resentation in Congress without a State govern-
ment; the people of a State only can elect; the
inhabitant of a State only can be elected a Repre-
sentative in Congress. I do but reiterate the re- '
mark of one of the framers of the Constitution,
who said that even a minority of the people within
any State of this Union, in time of insurrection,
may, when the majority are in revolt, be recog-
nized by the supreme law of this land as the only
people entitled to speak authoritatively within its
limits. I accept fully and without mental reser-
vation what has been said so often by the vener-
able chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that those who take up arms in this rebel-
lion against the Federal Government forfeit all
right to any political privileges under it while
they occupy that hostile position against the Gov-
ernment of the country.
But it does not result that because they them-
selves have chosen, by this mad act of treason, to
throw away the shield of their defense, that the
loyal, the just, and true men who stand by the
Constitution, and cling to the tottering pillars of
the Republic, are to be ignored or to be denied
their rights under the Constitution. If the loyal
citizens of Louisiana cannot be represented in this
Congress the fault is with themselves and with
this House and the Senate. I speak it with all
respect to a majority of this Congress who may
differ with me upon the point—if there be any fault
in a denial of federal representation to the loyal
and the true men of any seceded State of the Union,
it is in the Congress or the people of those States
themselves. The defect is not in the Constitution
ofthe country. Why, sir, look to the provisions
of that instrument:
Representatives to the Congress of the United States
shall be chosen every second yeai by the people of the sev-
eral States having the qualifications requisite for electors
of the most numerous branch of the State Legislature.
That is the first provision. If that were all, the
Constitution would he defective. But that is not
all. The framers of that instrument, as if they
had foreseen this dark day of danger to the Re-
public, provided that Congress might regulate
representative elections, so that in case the Le-
gislature of a State became forgetful of their office,
proved false to their allegiance to the country, and
refused to provide for the election of Represent-
atives to the Federal Legislature, or should pro-
vide wrongfully for an election of Federal Repre-
sentatives within the limits of an organized State,
the Congress of the United States might alter any
regulation of theirs, or might originate new laws
upon the subject, whereby the loyal citizens of
such organized State, those who aie not willing
to conspire and have not conspired with traitors,
may have a voice in your national councils.
1 ask the question with all deference, why has
not this power been exercised r If Louisiana is
not represented to-day upon the floor of the House
of Representatives by loyal and true and just men,
why not? Is it not because, duly notified of the
fact that there was no existing law in the State of
Louisiana by which they could elect Representa-
tives to Congress, we have failed to do our duty,
and the loyal people of Louisiana, if there be loyal
people enough there to entitle them to a Repre-
sentative in Congress, have not done their duty ?
My object in lising to speak on this question,
was not to manifest any personal hostility to the
applicants for seats here, much less was it my ob-
ject to intimate the slightest desire to exclude from
representation the loyal men of Louisiana, or of
any other State within the limits of the Republic,
but to call the attention of the House to the casus
omissis in our own legislation upon this subject,
and also to the neglect of the people of Louisiana
to reorganize their local State government.
The'Committee of Elections have made a re-
port which does honor to their candor. 3 am con-
strained to differ with them in the conclusion at
: which they have arrived. They have had thein-
i tegrity to say to the House in their repoit that the
