1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
Laws of the United, States.
31TH. CONG....3DSESS.
to carrying into execution the sentence of any
court-martial against any person convicted as a
spy or deserter, or of mutiny or murder; and here-
after sentences in punishment of these offenses
may be carried into execution upon the approval
of the commanding general in the field.
Sec. 22. And be it farther enacted, That courts-
martial shall have power to sentence officers who
shall absent themselves from their commands
without leave, to be reduced to the ranks to serve
three years or during the war.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That the
clothes,arms, military outfits, and aeeouterments
furnished by the United States to any soldier, shall
not be sold, bartered,exchanged, pledged, loaned,
or given away; and no person not a soldier, or
duly authorized officer of the United States, who
has possession of any such clothes, arms, mili-
tai y outfits, or aeeouterments, furnished as afore-
said, and which have been the subjects of any
such sale, bartc, exchange, pledge, loan, or gift,
shall have any right, title, or interest therein; but
the same may be seized and taken wherever found
by any officer of the United States, civil or mili-
taiy, and shall thereupon be delivered to any quar-
termaster', or other officer authorized to receive the
same; and the possession of any such clothes,
arms, military outfits, or aeeouterments, by any
person not a soldier or officer of the United States,
shall be prima facie evidence of such a sale, bar-
ter, exchange, pledge, loan, or gift, as aforesaid.
Sec. 24. Andbeit farther enacted, That every
person not subject to the rules and articles of war
who shall procure orentice, or attempt to procure
or entice, a soldier in the service of the United
States to desert; or who shall harbor, conceal, or
give employment to a deserter, or carry him away,
or aid in carrying him away, knowing him to be
such; or who shall purchase from any soldier his
arms, equipments, ammunition, uniform, cloth-
ing, or any part thereof; and any captain orcom-
manding officer of any ship or vessel, or any su-
perintendent or conductor of any railroad, or any
other public conveyance, carrying away any such
soldier as one of his crew or otherwise, knowing
him to have deserted, or shall refuse to deliver
liim up to the orders of his commanding officer,
shall, upon legal conviction, be fined, at the dis-
cretion of any court having cognizance of the
same, in any sum not exceeding five hundred dol-
lars, and he shall be imprisoned not exceeding
two years nor less than six months.
Sec. 25. Jind be it further enacted, That if any
person shall resist any draft of men enrolled un-
der this act into the service of the United States,
or shall counsel or aid any person to resist any
such draft; or shall assault or obstruct any officer
in making such draft, or ill the performance of
any service in relation thereto; or shall counsel
any person to assault or obstruct any such officer,
or shall counsel any drafted men not to appear at
the place of rendezvous, or willfully dissuade them
from the performance of military duty as required
by law, such person shall be subject to summaiy
aricst by the piovost marshal, and after which
shall be forthwith delivered to the civil authori-
ties, and, upon conviction thereof, be punished by
a fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, or by
imprisonmentnotexceedingtwo years, or by both
of said punishments.
Sec. 26. And be it farther enacted, That, imme-
diately after the passage of this act, the President
shall issue Ins proclamation declaring that all sol-
diers now absent from their regiments without
leave may return within a time specified to such
place or places as he may indicate in his procla-
mation, and be restored to then' respective regi-
ments without punishment, except the forfeiture
of their pay and allowances during their absence;
and all deserters who shall not return within the
time so specified by the President shall, upon be-
ing arrested, be punished as the law provides.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That depo-
sitions of witnesses residing beyond the limits of
the State, Territory, or district in which military
courts shall be uidered to sit, may be taken in
casrs not capital by either party, and read ill evi-
dence; Provided, The same shall be taken upon
reasonable notice to the opposite party, and duly
authenticated.
Sec. 28. And be it farther enacted, That the judge
advocate- shall have power to appoint a reporter,
whose duty it shall be to record the proceedings
of and testimony taken before military courts in-
stead of the judge advocate; and such reporter
may take down such proceedings and testimony
in the first instance in short hand. The reporter
shall be sworn or affirmed faithfully to perform
his duty before entering upon it.
Sec. 29. And be it farther enacted, That the
court shall, for reasonable cause, grant a contin-
uance to either party for such time and as often
as shall appear to be just: Provided, That if the
prisoner be in close confinement, the trial shall not
be delayed for a period longer than sixty daysL*
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That in time
of war, insurrection, or rebellion, murder, assault
and battery witti an intent to kill, manslaughter,
mayhem, wounding by shooting or stabbing with
an intent to commit murder, robbery, arson, burg-
lary, rape, assault and battery with an intent to
commit rape,and larceny, shall be punishableby
the sentence of a general court martial or military
commission, when committed by persons who
are in tho military service of the United States,
and subject to the articles of war; and the punish-
ments for such offenses shall never be less than
those inflicted by the laws of the State, Territory,
or district in which they may have been com-
mitted.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That any
officer absent from duty with leave, except for
sickness or wounds, shall, during his absence, re-
ceive half of the pay and allowances prescribed
by law, and no more; and any officer absent with-
out leave shall, in addition to the penalties pre-
scribed by law or a court-martial, forfeit all pay
or allowances during such absence.
Sec. 32. Andbe it further enacted, That the com-
manders of regiments and of batteries in the field,
are hereby authorized artd empowered to grant
furloughs for a period not exceeding thirty days
at any one time to five per centum of the non-
commissioned officers and privates, for good con-
duct in the line of duty, and subject to the ap-
proval of the commander of the forces of which
such non-commissioned officers and privates form
a part.
Sec. 33. And be itfurthcr enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States is hereby authorized
and empowered, during the present rebellion, to
call forth the national forces, by draft, in the
manner provided for in this act.
Sec. 34. And be it fmth'.r enacted, That all per-
sons drafted under the provisions of thisact shall
be assigned by the President to military duty in
such corps, regiments, or other branches of the
service as the exigencies of the service may re-
quire.
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That hereaf-
ter details to special service shall only be made
with the consent of the commanding officer of
forces in the field; and enlisted men, now or here-
after detailed to special service, shall not I'eceive
any extra pay for such services beyond that al-
lowed to other enlisted men.
Sec. 3G. And be it farther enacted, That general
orders of the War Department, numbered one
hundred and fifty-four and one hundred and six-
ty-two, in reference to enlistments from the vol-
unteers into the regular service, be, and the same
are hereby, rescinded; and hereafter no such en-
listments shall be allowed.
Sec. 37. And be it farther enacted, That the
grades created in the cavalry forces of the United
States by section eleven of the act approved sev-
enteenth July, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
and for which no rate of compensation has been
provided, shall be paid as follows, to wit: regi-
mental commissary the same as regimental quar-
termaster; chicf trumpeter the same as chief bu-
!• gler; sad[d]ler sergeant the same as regimental
;j commissary sergeant; company commissary ser-
!' ge?nt the same as company quartermaster's ser-
1 geant: Provided, That the grade of supernumer-
ary second lieutenant, and two teamsters for each
company, and one chief farrier and blacksmith for
each regiment, a*-' allowed by said section of that
act, be, and they are hereby, abolished; and each
; cavalry company may have two trumpeters, to be
I paid as bugleis; and each regiment shall have one
i veterinary suigeon, with the rank of a regimental
j sergeant major, whose compensation shall be sev-
I enty-five dollars per month.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That all per-
sons who, in time of war or of rebellion against
the supreme authority of the United States, shall
be found lurking or acting as spies, in or about
any of the fortifications, posts, quarters, or en-
campments of any of the armies of the United
States, or elsewhere, shall be triable by a general
court martial or military commission, and shall,
upon conviction, suffer death.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXVL—-An Act to prevent and punish
Frauds upon the Revenue, to provide for the
more certain and speedy Collection of Claims
in favor of the United States, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprt-
scntatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the first day of
July, 'eighteen hundred and sixty-three, all in-
voices of goods, wares, and merchandise im-
ported from any foreign country into the United
States shall be made in triplicate, and signed by
the person or persons owning or shipping said
goods, wares, or merchandise, if the same have
actually been purchased, or by the manufacturer
or owner thereof, if the same have been procured
otherwise than by purchase, or by the duly au-
thorized agent of such purchaser, manufacturer,
or owner; and said invoices sfliall, at or before the
shipment thereof, be produced to the consul, vice .
consul, or commercial agent of the United States
nearest the place of shipment for the use of the
United States,.and shall have indorsed thereon,
when so produced, a declaration signed by said
purchaser, manufacturer, owner, or agent, setting
forth that said invoice is in all respects true; that
it contains (if the goods, wares, and merchandise
mentioned therein are subject to ad valtrrem duty
and were obtained by purchase) a true and full
statement of the time when and the place where
the same were purchased, and the actual cost
thereof, and of all charges thereon; and that no
discounts, bounties, or drawbacks are contained
in said invoice but such as have actually been
allowed thereon J and when obtained in any other
manner than by purchase, the actual market
value thereof at the time and place when and
where the same were procured or manufactured;
and if subject to specific duty, the actual quan-
tity thereof; and that no different invoice of the
goods, wares, or merchandise mentioned in the
invoice so produced has been or will be furnished
to any one. If said goods, wares, or merchan-
dise have been actually purchased, said declara-
tion shall also contain a statement that the cur-
rency in which said invoice is made out is the
currency which was actually paid for said goods,
wares, or merchandise by the purchaser. And
the person so producing said invoice shall at
the same time declare to said consul, vice con-
sul, or commercial agent the port in the United
States at which it is intended to make entry of
said goods, wares, or merchandise; whereupon
the said consul, vice consul, or commercial agent
shall indorse upon each of said triplicates a cer-
tificate, under his hand and official seal, stating
that said invoice has been produced to him, with
the date of such production, and the name of the
person by whom the same was produced, and the
port in the United States at which it shall be the
declared intention to make entry of the goods,
wares, or merchandise therein mentioned. And
thereupon the said consul, vice consul, or com-
mercial agentshall deliver to the person producing
the same one of said triplicates, to be used in
making entry of said goods, wares, or merchan-
dise; shall file another in his office, to be there
carefully preserved; and shall, as soon as prac-
ticable,"transmit the remaining one to the col-
lector of the port of the United States at which it
shall be declared to be the intention to make entry
of said goods, wares, or merchandise. And no
goods, wares, or merchandise imported into the
United States from any foreign place or country
after said first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, shall be admitted to an entry unless
the invoice presented shall ill all respects conform
to the requirements hereinbefore mentioned, and
shall have thereon the certificate of the consul,
vice consul, or commercial agent hereinbefore
