t86#
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
cralGovernment? Not.atail. CanaraiJitary.gov-
ej-nordoit? Notatall. Can the President of the
United States do it? Notat all. . No power out-
side the limits of the State of Louisiana can do it.
No people or power save the loyal people resi-
dent within the limits of the State of Louisiana
Ofn do it, and they have not seen fit to do it.
4lr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I would like to
.the gentleman from Ohio what Legislature
repealed the election laws of Louisiana?
Mr. BINGHAM. The Legislature which the
people of Louisiana elected before there was any
actof secession. The Legislature which the peo-
ple of Louisiana elected amended these laws, and
inserted a provision, which I say, so far as it
trenches on the Federal rights of citizens of the
United States, is null and void, that no person shall
be registered, and therefore that no person shall
vote, within the registry district of the State unless
lie takes the oath of allegiance to the confederate
States of America.
Mr." PIKE. That was after the secession of
the State.
Mr. BINGHAM. Where do you find that?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman from
Ohio 
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will not trouble me any moie. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to inquire 
Mr. BINGHAM. With all respect, I decline
to yield to the gentleman further.
Mr, THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
ask the gentleman a single question as a matter
of history.. I may be mistaken about it. If so,
the gentleman will correct me. Was not the con-
vention which framed the constitution of Califor-
nia called by a military governor ? Were not the
Representatives from California elected before the
State was admitted into the Union? Has it not
.been.the common practice in this country that
Representatives have been elected before the States
were admitted into the Union and clothed with
State powers ? Therefore have there not occurred
cases in our history in which elections of mem-
bers of Congress have taken place without the
action of the State Legislature, and without the
action of Congress ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, my friend
from Massachusetts could not have supposed that
there was the slightest difference between him and
me, if he had heard what I have said during this
session upon this floor. What [ have said is but
the echo of the words of the fathers of the Repub-
lic. I said that the right of calling conventions,
of organizing fjtate constitutions not repugnan',
to the Federal Constitution, of electing Represent-
atives under them, was the right of original sov-
ereignty inherent in the people. On that ground,
and on that ground alone, have States been hith-
erto organized under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Over all your national domain, by
original acts of sovereignty of the people, without
ally previous enabling act, they have proceeded
and framed for themselves a republican consti-
tution and government. Under it they have pro-
ceeded to elect for themselves representatives to
the State Legislature and also Representatives 111
both branches of the Congress of the United States.
And how is it all interpreted? Why, that Con-
gress, by affirming these original acts of sover-
eignty of the people, has, by relation under your
law, given effect to those State constitutions and
elections of Federal officers under them by the
people of those newly organized States. But, sir,
it was the law of the Republic, passed by Congress
and approved by the Executive, not an act simply
of the admission of members to this floor by the
act of this House, that gave effect to those State
constitutions and legality to their election of Rep-
resentatives?
Mr. Speaker, the question of mylenrned friend
from Massachusetts requiresa. still further answer.
Why was this law of Congress thus effective? Be-
cause the power is expressly granted in the Con-
stitution—" the Congress may admit new States
into the Union." No State can be admitted into
the Union without a constitution of government,
hs organization as a State must precede the act of
. admission. Without this it cannot bo admitted,
nor can it exist. Hence it was that all those acts
of sovereignty by the people of the several Terri-
tories heretofore organized into States without an
..enabling act became legal and operative under the
Constitution of the United^Stntes. It.stood with
the express letter, as well as with the divine and
catholic spiritof your Constitution, that the peo-
ple should be entitled to constitutional State gov-
ernment and local administration and local laws
for the protection of their persons, their property,
and their homes. I agree to all that. I dissent
from none of it. It in no manner conflicts with
my position here to-day. If this'Congress will
prove unfaithful to the duties intrusted to it under
the Constiiution of the United States, let the loyal
people of Louisiana, imitating the loyal people of
Virginia, exercise their inherent right of local
self-government, and reestablish the constitution
of Louisiana, even although they be in the minor-
ity. It is the duty of the Federal Government to
come to their defense, and to uphold them in the
exercise of that right by all the combined powers
of the Republic, both by land and sea.
Mr. DAWES. We have had several applica-
tions for seats from Virginia; some of them, I be-
lieve, before they attempted to form a State gov-
ernment there, and one of them after the sovereign
convention of Virginia had passed a resolution
suspending and prohibiting the holding of an elec-
tion for members of Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. That was the actofthf rebel
convention.
Mr. DAWES. It was a good deal like that
rebel Legislature in Louisiana. I observe that after
ihat my friend from Ohio voted for the admission
of a man who had received only ten votes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not see what the gen-
tleman's introductory remarks had to do with his
conclusion. With all respect to him, I beg leave
to say, that is " amostlame and impotent conclu-
sion."
What is the gentleman's position here to-day?
It is that we are not to disregard a people's right
of representation on account of the small number
of votes polled at an election. Did not the gen-
tleman say so yesterday ?
Mr. DAWES. Notatall.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I appeal to the col-
umns of the Globe for what he did say. Now, I
beg leave to notify the gentleman that as to one
of the applicants who came here from Virginia
1 never voted for at all. 1 voted against him.
Mr. DAWES. I was going to ask the gentle-
man that question,and whether he performs his
duty here according to his likings or dislikings to
the man who applies for admission?
Mr. BINGHAM. If I did not know that my
friend from Massachusetts is incapable of offering
an intentional offense to me, I would scorn to
answer his question.
Mr. DAWES. I want you to tell me.
Mr. BINGHAM. I excuse the gentleman, be-
cause 1 think he is in fun. He knows me well
enough to know that I am incapable, under my
oaih, of deny ing icprcsentntion under the Consti-
stitution to any par' of the people of America who,
in my judgment, are entitled to it. But if the
gentleman means by his interrogatory, whether I
would consent that a traitorshould be admitted as
a Representative on this floor—a traitor to the Con-
stitution of my country—I answerhim a thousand
times "no." Not because the people have not the
right of representation, but because the man who
has forsworn himself; the man who has covered
himself with peijury as with a garment; the man
who has lifted up his hands against your Govern-
ment and mine, against the protecting shield of
your children and mine, has no right to hold a seat
on this floor or a place on God's footstool. The
gentleman's question is answered; but, in my judg-
ment, it should not have been asked, as 1 "never
was called yet to vote for or against anwmember
asking admission here for whom I had any dis-
like, or the slightest occasion for personal dis-
like.
Mr. DAWES. Now give me a minute.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, my friend, do not take
up all my time.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will excuse
me. I did observe that he voted fo'r one and
that he voted against another of the Representa-
tives applying here from Virginia, who based
their claims upon precisely the same ground, with
the exception that the one who had ten votes he
voted for, and the one who received twenty-five
votes he voted against. I want to know how the
gentleman could vote even for that man, when a
rebel convention of Virginia and a rebel Legisla-
ture of Virginia had, so far as was in their power.
abrogated the law for the election of members of
this House ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me for interrupting him. I cannot yield all my
time to him. The gentleman is all wrong in his
facts. 1 never voted for the admission of a Rep-
resentative upon this floor from Virginia who was
elected after the act of secession had been passed
upon by the people of Virginia, save those whose
election took place under the authority of the new
government which had been organized by the
loyal people of Virginia. I will thank the gen-
tleman not to interrupt me in this way for the pur-
pose of questioning either my motives or my
record. 1 know to what contested Virginia case
the gentleman alludes, and I beg leave to remind
the gentleman of the legal maxim that the sup-
pression of i lie truth is equal to the suggestion of
falsehood. [Laughter.] I beg leave to tell the
gentleman that I never voted for Virginia Repre-
sentatives upon the state of facts which he sug-
gests. 1 challenge him togoand hunt up the rec-
ord. The votes for Mr. Upton, to which lie refers,
were, I believe, cast on the same day on which the
votes of the people of Virginia were cast touching
the ordinance of secession of that State. There
had been no ordinance of secession passeJ at the
time those votes were cast for Mr. Upton. The
gentleman need not attempt in this way to ar-
raign me upon my record, neither ought he to
question my motive for any vote hitherto given
by me, or which I may hereafter be called upon
to give. The gentleman'himself, I doubt not,
will agree to this.
Now, sir, I come back to the point of departure
by reason of the gentleman's interruption. If
gentlemen insist on this sort of logic, that a small
vote may notelect, I tell them thatali the votes cast
at both these congressional elections in Louisiana
fall short some two thousand or more of the vote
cast for myself alone in the recent election in the
State of Ohio. Yet is that a disfranchisement of
these people? Notat all. An election legally
held and fairly conducted ought not to fail because
three fourths of the electors refuse to vote. I have
said all that I wish to say touching the votes given
in this case. I therefore restate the proposition,
that no person can lawfully be elected to the Con-
gress of the United States save in pursuance of a
law of the Legislature of the State from which he
is chosen, or m pursuance of a Federal law.
Now, how does the fact stand? By report of
the committee it appears these gentlemen were not
elected in pursuance of any law of the Legislature
of Louisiana, and that the election law of Louis-
iana had been amended or repealed. Some gentle-
man has suggested that the act of repeal was made
null by the previous adoption of the ordinance of
secession. My friend from Illinois suggests, sotto
vocc, that I should correct the statement which I
made, that the act of repeal took place prior to the
adoption of the ordinance of secession. 1 do not
care in point of law whether it took place before
or after. I understand that the Legislature that
did it was the Legislature elected by the people of
Louisiana under the constitution of that State be-
fore the ordinance of secession. If they betrayed
their trust who can correct it? Certainly not the
military power of the United States Government.
I maintain that only the people of Louisiana them-
selves can correct the evil, or the Federal Con-
gress for them. Neither have done it. That is
the point I make.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
yield to me ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield. The gen-
tleman will excuse me.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I merely wanted
to put you right.
Mr. BINGHAM. What about?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I want to ask the
gentleman whether he asserts here that the Le-
gislature which has given in its adhesion to the
southern confederacy,and declared its allegiance
to the southern confederacy, can make any valid
enactment that would be binding upon the people
of the State, even admitting that they were elected
before the passage of the ordinance of secession?
1 do not think my friend will say that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have never said that. It is
my misfortune not to make myself understood by
my best friends. I have said and reiterated five,
times upon this floor, at least, that I care not
if jiinety^nine hundredths of thie people of.any
