THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. IlIVES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Co>.giitb^, 3d Session*.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1863.
State link themselves together in an act of seces-
sion, every act they, may do, both in the way of
legislation for secession and treason, is null and
void as against the Federal Government and as
against the loyal people of the United States both
within and without such seceded State. "What
then? Does it follow that the Legislature of such
a State cannot repeal a local law ? Who is there
here to deny it? I want to see some man who
will stand up in his piace and say that the people,
through their State Legislature, have not the
power to repeal and legally repeal their local law
of elections.
This is my proposition, and I must be permitted
to stand upon it. I say it is conceded, the prop-
osition cannot be controverted, that the power of
regulating their own elections is a mailer which
- belongs primarily to the people of the several States
themselves in their sovereign capacity, and that it
can only be exercised through them or be regulated
by Federal legislation. That is all there is of it.
I am not willing to concede that the highest
power known to the American people shall be
exercised by extemporized elections held at every
cross-road at the instance of Thomas Smith or
Richard Roe,or at the instance of Jeff Davis, acting
through the instructions of the Secietaiy of State,
or anybody else, even though he be the resident
ministerofFiance. I deny the right ofany man to
appoint Federal elections for Representatives save
in puisuance of a State or Federal law, and in ac-
cordance with the Federal Constitution. I would
like to know how any Legislature of any State
can elect a Senator to the United States Senate,
unless they themselves first qualify by taking the
oath of allegiance prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States itself, that they willsuppoit
the Constitution of the United States. Can the
-Senate of the United States admit to seats 111 that
body Senalois chosen by the traitor Legislature
of old Viigmia at Richmond, or bv the Legisla-
ture of South Carolina, or by the Legislature of
Mississippi, as now organized ? 1 turn to the Con-
stitution, and I know that the Legislatures named
are this day disqualified as electors. Why:' Be-
cause they themselves have been guilty of a great
act of perjury, in that having been heretofore
qualified to support the Constitution of the United
States, they have broken the oath, and have taken
an oath to suppoit another foini of government
in diiect conflict with the Constitution of the
United States; because, in shoit, they have taken
an oath in furtherance of a great act of treason,
which this day threatens to annihilate this last,
best experiment of representative government
among men. _
Mr. Speaker, I submit that in this hour of peril,
as well as m any other hour, even though it be the
calmest hour of peace and quiet the Government
has ever experienced, or ever shall experience in
the coming future, the care of this Government
is in the keeping of the people themselves speak-
ing through their Representatives, and speaking
always only by law, I repeat it here, that the
highest sovereignty known to the Constitution of
the United Stales is that sovereignty which the
people repose in their Representatives, whereby
they declare by the Constitution and muler the
Constitution what the President, the Aimy, the
INravy, the Representatives, the Senators, every
nian owing allegiance to your flag, both upon land
and on every sea under the whole heavens, shall
do, and what they shall not do.
Foremost among these laws, this highest act of
soveieignty exercised by the people, is the Con-
stitution of the United Suites, which is the sup rc me
law of the land. "What does that Constitution
say ? It says that Representatives shall be chosen
only in pursuance of the law of the State Legis-
lature by the people residing in such State, or in
pursuance of a law of Congress. ^ In the case
now m issue, does it appear that this requiiemcnt
of the Constitution has been complied with ? Here
is the jeport confessing that these applicants arc
Jiot elected in puisuance of the law at the Legis-
lature of the Statu of Louisiana. That law re-
quiied that in <a-der to fill a vacancy, a proclama-
tion should be issued by the Governor of the State
of Louisiana. That was not done. That law
required that all persons exercising the functions
of electors should be subject to the laws of the
Legislature of the State of Louisiana, and re-
sponsible to its penalties for a violation of the law
and of thoir duties. That was not complied with.
What was done? Simply an election was called
in two precincts or districts of that State under the
proclamation of the military governor, an officer
unknown to the Constitution and laws m the
matter of a Federal election for Representatives
in Congress.
Some gentlemen hav<* referred here to-day, dur-
ing the course of this debate, to the case decided
by the Supreme Court of the United States, and
reported in 16of Howard. In my judgment, upon
principle and upon theprecrse and express words
of the couit, that decision is against this report,
and against the conclusions of the committee.
What do the judges say in that case? They em-
body in that opinion, and adopt as the opinion of
the court, the clear and teise language of the then
Secretary of the Tieasury, Robert J.Walker.
The question before them was, whether a mili-
tary government established in California by the
executive department of the. United Sta'es, could
levy and collect a d,uty upon imports. What was
the language of the court? They took the words
of Secretary Walker, and say, " undoubtedly he
may, but he must exercise this power subject to
the express provisions of the Constitution of the
United States." The court cited the words of
that Constitution, and said that.no tax or duty
should be laid upon articles exported from any
State of the Union, and that therefore they shall
take care not to impose or collect duty upon the
exports of any State of the Union.
Now, apply that decision to this case. Here
is the Constitution which governs this case, and
which says in effect, though not in express words,
" that Representatives shall be chosen at the time
and place and in the manner prescribed by the law
of the Legislature of the State in which they are
chosen, or in pursuance of an act of Congress."
Take away this safeguard which the people have
provided for the rightful exercise of their sover-
eignty, and what safety is there for them or for
the Republic? But for this limitation a mere hand-
ful of men, without law, withoutany sanction of
law for the proceeding, without any vahdauthen-
tication of the record or with no record, might com-
mit to men the legislative power of all the people
of any State in the Federal councils. I see no
legal or authorized certificate m this case-—nothing
that impaits verity or gives color for concluding
that any \alid election has been held in Louis-
iana. Without such evidence I submit this House
should not entertain an application for a scat here,
•much less declare it good.
1 trust the Committee of Elections will give this
House an opportunity to perform their whole duty
in this matter, and that the committee will report
a bill authorizing an election for Representatives,
to be held in such districts as may be designated
by the President of the United States, within any
insurrectionary district of any organized State;
winch election shall be held under such oftieeis
as he may thereunto be by your law authorized j
to appoint. What is there in the way of that2 i
There is a provision of the Constitution that you
may enact such a law. Some gentlemen may say
that that would not be providing a umlorm mode
of election. 1 see nothing in the Constitution
which requires a unifoi in law of election loi Fed-
eral Representatives m the several States. They
arc. not uniform now, nor is there any Federal law
yet enacted by Cougiess on the subjeet. In my
op;uion Congie.ss may by law alter the Federal
election laws of any or ail the States at discrc-
tion.
i understand that such a bill has long been un-
der consideration before the Committee of Elec-
tions, and I trust that such a bill will be reported,
and that this Congress will have an oppoitunny
to pass upon it. It will relieve tins question of
all difficulty, and it will givi to the loyal people
New Series No. 55.
of Louisiana an opportunity to elect Representa-
tives to Congress in conformity to the Constitu-
tion and in conformity to the Federal law.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio whether he is prepared tp
vote for a law providing that the President of the
United States shall issue his proclamation for an
election of Representatives in the State of Ohio,
that he shall appoint all the officers to attend upon
the election, and provide the whole machinery of
election ? Or does he propose to have one rule of
elections, under the Federal authority, for one
State, and another rule for another State, under a
State oiganizntion ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I am willing thatthere should
be agenetal law, and so slated before—a uniform
law upon the subject, in accordance with this pro-
vision of the Constitution:
" Congress may at any time, by law, make or alter such
icgulation.-,, except jw to the place of choosing Senators."
What l emulations ? Regulations for the election
of Representatives to Congress, and the election
of Senators also. I am perfectly willing to have
such a law; and I do not know why gentlemen
should bo unwilling to carry out that provision of
the Constitution. I see nothing in this provision
of the Constitution which precludes Congress from
passing a law which shall apply to any oi all of
the States where it may be deemed necessary to
secure the right of the people to representation in
Congress, [ am lendy to vote for such a law.
Mi. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 trust my friend will excuse
me from yielding fuither. I understand my time
is well-nigh expired.
I wish "it understood that from the beginning of
this argument to the end of it, I have claimed that
the loyal inhabitants in any organized State of
the Union, even though a majority of it*. < itizens
be m insurrection against this Government, hase
a right to theii just proportion of repiesentrtion
in Congress. I want it understood, next, that in
my judgment they cannot exercise that right of
representation in Congress, except by sending
Representatives here through the. instrumentality
of a State law appointing such elections, and in
full force at the time, or in pursuance of a Federal
law. I understand that the Legislature and peo-
ple of Louisiana have notnow, and had not when
these elections were held, the law and the State
officers necessary to hold a valid election for Rep-
resentatives in Congress. I understand further,
that Congress has not passed the necessary law.
The question, therefore, is, whether there shall be
representation without any law upon the subject?
I deny that there can be, and 1 deny it because
the Constitution stands in the way, and becausc
the power intrusted to Representatives and Sen-
ators in Congress is the highest power known to
the sovereignty of the Republic. It is the power
of the whole people over the issues of hie and
death. Itiaapower, therefore, which should only
be, exetcised as the Constitution ha* piescribed—
under the fotm.s and highest sanctions of law.
Judges should receive the votes, should count
them, and should certify to the result of the elec-
tion under the obligations of an oath, and under
the penalties of law dulv proscribed lor a violation
of that oath, tn case they should violate it, in any
substantial 'particular.
If there is any question upon which the Amer-
ican people should be jealous, it is upon thix: in
what way tVnir sovereignty shall be exercised in
the national Legislature. 1 ask gentlemen to be-
ware of the precedent they may set to-day by
votmg those applicants seats as Representatives
unon°this floor. But you tell me they are repu-
table men; 1 do not doubt it. That they are true
and loyal men I do not doubt; but still 1 ask gen-
tlemen , betoiv they vote upon this subject, to con-
sidei the prevalent. i cannot give my vote for it,
even tlioU"h the applicants are, as J believe them
to be, good men and ttue,who have kept their loy-
eltv and faith amuUt the wild howl of treason,
f Fiere the hammer fell.]
Mr. AJKXZIES obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYN ARD. Does the gentleman desire
