1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
3txH OoNa.,,.3DB^s.
into the Treasury of the United States, it shall be
the duty of the icspective district attorneys within
the district where such suit or proceedings shall
be had, unless otherwise instructed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to appear on behalf of such
officers. And it shall be the duty of the several
district attorneys, on the first of October of each
year, to make returns'to the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury of the number of proceedings and suits com-
menced, pending, and determined, within his dis-
trict during the fiscal year next preceding the date
of such returns; which returns shall show the date
when such proceedings or suits in each case com-
menced; and if for any reason the determination
of such proceedings or suits shall have been de-
layed or continued beyond the usual or reasonable
period, such reasons shall be set forth, together
with a statement of the measures taken by the
districtattorney to press such proceedings or suits
to a close. And the returns hereby directed shall
be embraced in a repoit by the Solicitor to the
Secretary of the Treasury, to be by him annually
transmitted to Congress, with a statement of all
moneys received by the Solicitor, and by each
district^attoi ney under the provisions of this act.
Sec . 14. And be itfurther enacted, That the sev-
enteenth section of the act entitled "An act in-
creasing temporarily the duties on imports, and
for other purposes," approved July fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and so much of
the eighty-ninth section of the act entitled "An
act to regulate the collection of duties on imports
and tonnage,"approved March second,seventeen
hundred and ninety-nine, and so much of the third
section of the act entitled "An act in addition to ihe
act for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States," approved March twenty-
sixth, eighteen hundred and four, as impose any
limitation upon the commencement of any action
or proceeding for the recovery of any fine, pen-
alty, or forfeiture incurred by reason of the vio-
lation of any iaw of the United States relating to
the importation or entry of goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Ch\p. LXXVII.—An Act to modify existing
Laws imposing Duties on Imports,and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all goods, wates, and merchandise
now in public stores or bonded warehouses on
which duties are unpaid, having been in bond
more than one year and less than three years,
when the act entitled "An act increasing tempo-
rarily the duties on imports, and for othei piu-
poses," approved July fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, went into effect, may be
entered for consumption, and the bunds canceled,
at any time before the first day of June next, on
payment of duties at the rates prescribed by the
act aforesaid; and all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with the provisions of this act are hereby
repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That .section
fourteen of an act entitled "An act increasing tem-
poiarily the duties on imports, and t'urother pui-
poses," approved July fouiteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, be, and the same hereby ty,
modified so as to allow cotton and raw silk as
reeled from the cocoon, of the growth or produce
of countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, to
be exempt from any additional duty when im-
ported from places this side of the Cape of Good i
Hope for two years from and after the passage of j
this act. !
See 3. And be it fwither enacted, That so much !
of an act entitled " An act to authorize protection ,
to be given to citizens of the United States who !
may discover deposits of guano." approved Au- !
gust eighteen, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, as !
prohibits the export thereof, is hereby suspended j
in relation to aii persons who have complied with j
the provisions of section second of said act for 1
two yeais from and after July fourteenth, eigh- ]
teen hundred and sixty-three. |
Sec. 4. And be it Jurthcr enacted, That the pro- '
viso in >ecnon ii'teen of an act entitled " An act j
iiKiea.sing icmpo'v.nly the duties on imports, and •
for other purposes,"approved July fourteen, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, shall be construed
to include any ship, vessel, or steamer to or from
any port or place south of Mexico down to and
including Aspinwall and Panama.
Sec. 5. And be il further enacted, That in lieu
of the duties now imposed by law there shall be
levied and collated upon printing paper unsized,
used for books and newspapers exclusively, twen-
ty per centum ad valorem; upon seedhic and stick-
iac the same duties now imposed upon gum shel-
lac; upon polishing powders of all descriptions,
Frankfort black, and Berlin Chinese, fig and wash
blue, twenty-five per centum ad valorem.
Sec. 6. And be ti/itrf/ier enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act the duty on petroleum
and coal illuminating oil, etude and not refined,
when imported from foreign countries in a crude
state, shall be twenty per centum ad valorem, and
no more.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of thisact there shall be allowed
a drawback on foreign saltpetre, manufactured
into gunpowder in the United States and exported
theiefrom, equal in amount to the duty paid on
the foreign saltpetre from which it shall be man-
ufactured, to be ascertained under such regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and no more: Provided, That ten
per centum on the amount of all drawbacks so
allowed shall be retained for the use of the United
States by the collectors paying such drawbacks
respectively.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXVII I.—An Act to promote the Effi-
ciency of the Corps of Engineers and of the Ord-
nance Department, ami for other purposes.
Be it en acted by ihe Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the corps of topographical engi-
neei s. as a distinct branch of the Army, is hereby
abolished, and from and after the passage of this
a<'t, is meiged into the corps of engineers, which
shall have the following organization, viz: one
chief engineer, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general; four colonels; ten
lieutenant colonels; twenty majors; thirty cap-
tains; thirty first lieutenants, and ten second heu-
ten ants.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the gen-
eral officer provided by the first seetion of this act
shall be selected fiom the coipsof engineers as
therein established; and that officers of all lower
grades shall take rank according to their respect-
ive dates of commission the existing corps of
engineers or corps of topographical engineers.
She. 3. And be it further en ai led, That no officer
of the corps of engineers below the rank of a field
officer shall, hereafter, be promoted to a higher
grade before having passed a satisfactory exam-
ination before a board of three engineets senior
to him in rank; and should the officer fail at said
examination, he shall be suspended from promo-
tion from [foi] one year, when he shall be re-
examined, and, upon a second failure, shall be
dropped by the President from the Army.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That there
Khali be added to the ordnance department one
lieutenant colonel, two majors, eight captains,
eight, first lieutenants; the additional officers herein
authorized to he appointed by promotion, so far
as the present officers of the ordnance corps will
permit; and the residue to be appointed by trans-
fers from other regiments or corps of the Army:
Provided, That no officer of the oidnance depart-
ment below the rank of afield officer shall be pro-
moted or commissioned to a higher grade, nor
shall any officer of the Army be commissioned as
an ordnance officer, until he shall have passed a ;
satisfactory examination before a board of not less
than three ordnance officers, senior to him in rank; 1
and should such officer fail on such examination j
he shall be suspended from promotion or appoint- i
ment for one year, when he may be reexamined i
before a like board; and if, upon such second ex- |
animation, an ordnance officer fail, he shall be dis-
missed from the service, and if an officer of the
Army he shall not be commissioned. i
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That section j
two of the act approved March ihree, eighteen ■
hundred and forty-nine, entitled "An act to pro- I
vide for the payment of horses and o.ther property
lost or destroyed in the military service ojf
United States," shall be construed tp include|ha
steamboats and other vessels, and " rail.cqiid £&-
gines and cars," in the property-to beWowe# ana
paid for when destroyed or lost under the circunj-*
stances provided for in said a,ct.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all pay*
.ments of advance bounty made to enlistetl meji
who have been discharged before serving out the
term required by law for its payment in full shall
be allowed in the settlement of the accounts" of
paymasters at the Treasury, but hereafter, ih
all such cases, the amount so advanced shall be
charged against the enlisted men, unless the dis-
charge be upon surgeon's certificate for wounds
received or sickness incurred since their last en-
listment.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That upon any
requisition hereafter being made by the President
of the United States for militia, any person who
shall have volunteered or been drafted for tli£
service of the United States for the terr^i of nine
months, or a shorter period, may enlist into a re-
giment fiom the same State to serve for the term
of one year, and any person so enlisting shall fye
entitled to and receive a bounty of fifty dollars, to
be paid in time and manner provided by the act of
July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, for the payment of the'bounty provided for
by that act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers of the medical department shall unite with
the line officers of the At my under such rules and
regulations as shall be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War, in supervising the cooking within
the same as an important sanitary measure, and
that said medical department shall promulgate to
its officers such regulations and instructions as
may tend to insure the proper preparation of the
ration of the soldier.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That cooks
shall be detailed, in turn, from the privates of
each company of troops in the service of the Uni-
ted States, at the rate of one cook for each com-
pany numbering less than thirty men, and two
cooks for each company numbering over thirty
men, who shall serve ten days each.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United Slates be, and he is here-
by , authorized to cause lo he enhsfed, for each
cook, two under-cooks of African descent,, who
shall receive for their full compensation ten dol-
lars per month, and one ration per day—three
dollars of said monthly pay may be in clothing.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
Army laiion shall hereafter include pepper, in
the proportion of i?>ur ounces to every hundred
ratio ns.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the in-
crease of rank of officers, and in the number of
officers provided for in this act, shall continue
only during the existence of the present rebellion;
and thereafter the several officers promoted under
thisact shall have the lespecuve rank they would
have had if this act had'not passed, and the num-
ber shall be reduced by the President to the num-
ber authorised by lawpiior to the passage of this
act.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap.LXXIX.—An Act making Appropriations
for sundry Civil Expenses of the Government,
for the year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, and for the yearending the
30[th] of June, 1863, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of JRepre-
sentutivesofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums he, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, for the objects
hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal year, ending
the thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, viz:
survey of the c6a.st. '
For the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts
of the United Slates, (including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work, and excluding pay
andemolunientsofoffioersof the Aimy and Navy,
and petty officers and men of the Navy employed
on the work,) one hundred and seventy-eight
thousand dollars.
