214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGfKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 3,
37tii Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United States, (including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work,) one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs
and keys, (including compensation of civilians
engaged in the work, and excluding pay and
emoluments of officers of the Army and Navy,
and petty officers and men of the Navy employed
on the work,) eleven thousand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the survey of the coast of the United
States, (including compensation of civilians em-
ployed in the work,) four thousand dollars.
For repairs of steamers and sailing schooners
used in the coast survey, four thousand dollars.
For pay and rations of engineers for four steam-
ers used m the hydrography of the coast survey,
no longer supplied by the Navy Department, nine
thousand dollars.
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen one hundred
thousand dollars.
For the discharge of such miscellaneous claims,
not otherwise provided for, as shall be admitted
in due course of settlement at the Treasury, ten
thousand dollars.
LIGHT-HOUSE ESTABLISHMENT.
For the Atlantic, Gulf, and Lake Coasts, viz:
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, and other
necessary expenses of the same, repairing and
keeping in repair the lighting apparatus, one hun-
dred and fifty-four thousand six hundred and
ninety-eight dollars and eighty cents.
For repairs and incidental expenses, refitting
and improving all the light-houses and buildings
connected therewith, one hundred and two thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For salaries of five hundred and ninety-six
keepers of light-houses and light-beacons, and
their assistants, fifty-three thousand one hundred
and ninety-three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For salaries of forty-three keepers of light-ves-
sels, three thousand nine hundred dollars.
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and in-
cidental expenses of forty-five light vessels, one
hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred and
sixty-seven dollars and seventy cents.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting, re-
paying, remooring, and supplying losses of bea-
cons and buoys, nnd for chains and sinkers for
the same, one hundred and twelve thousand three
hundred and fifty dollars.
For expenses of visiting and inspecting lights
and other aids to navigation, two thousand dol-
lars.
For the purchase of a lot and erection of a
suitable building thereon for the light-house es-
tablishment in New York city or vicinity, fifty
thousand dollars: Provided, That the price of pur-
chase of lot, and erection of building thereon, shall
not exceed the sum hereby appropriated.
For the Coasts of California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington.
For supplying nineteen light-houses and bea-
con-lights with oil, glass chimneys, chamois
skins, polishing powder, and other cleaning mate-
rials, transportation, expenses of keeping lamps
and machinery in repair, publishing notices to
mariners of changes of aids to navigation, seven-
teen thousand two hundred and seventy dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses of nineteen
light-houses and buildings connected therewith,
ten thousand dollars.
For salaries of forty-three keepers and assist-
ant keepers of light-houses, at an average not
exceeding eight hundred dollars per annum,
twenty-five thousand eight hundred dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting, re-
pairing, remooring, and supplying losses offloat-
mg buoy s and beacons, and for chains and sinkers
for the same, and for coloring and numbering all
the buoys, ten thousand dollars.
For maintenance of the vessel provided for by
the act of eighteenth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six for transpoi tation of supplies and
materials, and for repairs of light-houses, and
buoy service,and for inspection purposes, twenly
thousand dollars.
For compensation of two inspectors of customs
acting as superintendents for the life-saving sta-
tions on the coasts of Long Island and New Jer-
sey, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of sta-
tions, at two hundred dollars each, ten thousand
eight hundred dollars.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
For support, care, and medical treatment of for-
ty transcient paupers, niedieal and surgical pa-
tients in some proper medical institution in the
city of Washington, to be selected by the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, six thousand dol-
lars.
For hire of carts on the public grounds, two
thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used in the
public grounds, two hundred dollars.
For purchaseoftrees and tree-boxes, to replace,
when necessary, such as have been planted by the
United States, to whitewash tree-boxes and fences,
and to repair pavements in front of the public
grounds, three thousand dollars.
Forannual repairsof theCapitol, water-closets,
public stables, water-pipes, pavements, and other
walks within the Capitol square, broken glass
and locks, and for the protection of the building
and keeping the main approaches to it unincum-
bered, eight thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's House
and furniture, improvement of grounds, purchase
of plants for garden, and contingent expenses in-
cident thereto, six thousand dollars.
Forfuel, in part, of the President's House, two
thousand four hundred dollars.
For lighting theCapitol and President's House,
the public grounds around them, and around the
Executive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue,
Bridge, and High streets in Georgetown, Four-
and-a-half street, Seventh, and Twelfth streets
across the mall, sixty-two thousand dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to erect two new furnaces under the rotunda
of the Capitol, two under the old Hall of the
House, and two under the Supreme Court room
and vestibule to the same, five thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For repairs of the Potomac, Navy-Yard, and up-
per bridges, and the roads apurtenant thereto, and
to repair the house occupied by the bridge-keeper
httlicNavy-Yard, and to erect a wing-wall to pro-
tect the same, eleven thousand five hundred and
eighty-five dollars.
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, six thou-
sand dollars.
For public reservation number two and Lafay-
ette square, two thousand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's House, containing [continuing] the
improvement of the same, and replacing trees de-
stroyed last winter and spring by United States
cavalry, repairing fences, and other injuries, two
thousand dollars.
For repairs of water-pipes, five hundred dollars.
For cleaning out the sewer-traps on Pennsyl-
vania avenue and repairing the same, three hun-
dred dollars.
For casual repairs of all the furnaces under the
Capitol, five hundred dollars.
For continuing the repairs of Delaware avenue
north of the Capitol, one thousand dollars.
For removing back the fence, paving the foot-
path on First street between the Capitol grounds
ami Botanic garden, and making a pavement on
Third street on the side of said garden, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For making improvements provided for in the
thirteenth section of the city charter, per act of
May seventeen, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
five thousand dollars.
For improvement of B street south from Sixth
to Seventh street west, Maine avenue from the
canal to Sixth street west, and Four-and-a-half,
east side, from Missouri to Maine avenue, all
bordering on the publicgrounds, according to the
surveyor's estimate, six thousand nine hundred
and forty dollars.
For repairs and rebuilding fence around Smith-
sonian grounds, two thousand dollars.
For compensation to the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, as disbursing agent of the Patent
Office building and the Capitol extension and
dome, for the current fiscal year, five hundred
dollars.
GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL FOR THE INSANE.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of the insane of the Army and Navy and of
the revenue service, and of the District of Colum-
bia, at the Government hospital in said District,
including five hundred dollars for books, station-
ery, and incidental expenses, fifty thousand five
hundred dollars.
For finishing, furnishing, heating, and lighting
of additional accommodations in the east wing,
five thousand dollars.
For extension of workshops and machinery
therefor, to afford additional facilities for the cura-
tive and economical employment of patients, two
thousand dollars.
For continuation oftlie wall inclosing the grounds
of the hospital, ten thousand dollars.
EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
For preservation of the collections of tho ex-
ploring and surveying expeditions of the Govern-
ment. four thousand dollars.
BOTANIC GARDEN.
For grading, draining, procuring manure, tools,
fuel, and repairs, purchasing trees and shrubs
under the direction of Library Committee of Con-
gress, three thousand three hundred dollars.
For pay of horticulturist and assistants in the
botanic garden and green-houses, to be expended
under the direction of the Library Committee of
Congress, five thousand one hundred and twenty-
one dollars and fifty cents.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION FOR THE DEAF AND DUMB
AND THE BLIND.
For salaries and incidental expenses of said in-
stitution, four thousand four hundred dollars.
For supplying the institution buildings with
gas-making apparatus and fixtures, one thousand
four hundred nnd seventy dollars.
For supplying the institution buildings with
steam-heating apparatus, two thousand two hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
PATENT OFFICE.
Forexpensesof receiving,arianging,and taking
care of copyright books, charts, and other copy-
right matter, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For preparing illustrations and descriptions for
report, five thousand dollars.
For finishing the saloon in the north wing of the
Patent Office building, and for furnishing the same
with suitable cases and accommodations for the
reception and convenient exhibition of models,
fifty thousand dollars.
For repairing and painting the saloon in the old
portion of the Patent Office building, and for fur-
nishing the same with suitable cases and accom-
modations for the inception [reception] and con-
venientexhibitionofmodels,twenty-five thousand
dollars.
SURVEY OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
For surveying the public lands, (exclusive of
California, Oregon, Washington, New Mexico,
Kansas, Nebraska, Utah, Dakota, Colorado, and
Nevada,) including incidental expenses and island
surveys in the interior, and all other special and
difficult surveys demanding augmented rates, to
be apportioned and applied to the several survey-
ing districts, according to the exigencies of the
public service, in addition to the unexpended bal-
ances of all former appropriations for the same
objects, ten thousand dollars.
Forsurvcying the public lands and private land
claims in California and Territory of Nevada,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas and
Nebraska, fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, ten
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Washington
Territory, five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in the Territory
of Colorado, five thousand dollars.
For salaries and commissions of register and
receiver for the Territory of Nevada for fiscal
years ending thirtieth June,eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, and thirtieth June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars -,'expenses for depositary during said periods,
two hundred dollars.
