1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
A bill (S. No. 287) supplementary to an act for
the examination of drugs, medicines, &c., ap-
proved the 26ih day of June, 1848;
A bill (S Ho. 332) to aid in restoring order
and preserving the public peace within the in-
surrectionary districts;
A bill (S. No. 335) to enable persons held to
service or labor to establish their right to free-
dom, under the provisions of -the act approved
August 6, 1861, entitled "An act to confiscate
property used for insurrectionary purposes;" and
A bill (S. No. 367) in relation to the duties of
the heads of the seveial Executive Departments.
The motion to postpone the bills indefinitely
was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1,) to divide the State of Pennsylvania into
three judicial districts, and to establish a district
court, to be held in the city of Erie, reported ad-
versely thereon.
Mr. NESMITH,from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 694) for the relief of
Lieutenant "William P. Richner, seventy-seventh
regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, reported it
■without amendment.
Mr. HxVRDING,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of
the board of trustees of Virginia City, Nevada
Territory, praying for a grant of the lands within
the corporate limits of that city, not exceeding
two miles square,for the use and benefit ofthein-
habitants of that city, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of David II. Burr, late
surveyor general of Utah, praying compensation
for services tendered and expenses incurred for
taking care of books, papers, and property be-
longing to that office, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No, 208) making a
donation of lands to the States of Wisconsin and
Michigan, to aid them in making a military road
and telegraph line in said States, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. HARDING. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Robert Coles,
of Lucas county, Iowa, praying compensation
for services lendered as register of the land office
at Clmnton, Iowa, and the employment of an ad-
ditional clerical force in said office, have instructed
mc to report adversely. In this case, while the
committee are of opinion that there are u large
number of persons of this class in the .Northwest
who should be relieved, they are not inclined to
grant relief of the nature asked for in this petition.
gunboat cairo.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 144) to compensate
the sailors on the gunboat Cairo for loss of cloth-
ing, to report it back without amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage. It is a very small matter,
giving to the sailors on that boat fifty dollars
apiece for loss of clothing, which is the usual com-
pensation in such cases; and I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider it now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It authorizes the proper account-
ing officers of" the Treasury, in settling the ac-
counts of the petty officers, seamen, sailors, and
others of the crew of the United States gunboat
Cairo, to allow to each a sum not exceeding fifty
dollars as a remuneration for the damage they may
have sustained in the loss of their clothing by the
destruction of the vessel in December last.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
wisconsin ciiicitit court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committeeonthe Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate (S. No. 407) to fix the terms of the circuit
court in the distuct of Wisconsin, have directed
me to report it back with a recommendation that
the bill he on the table. There is now no necessity
for i ts passage,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the honorable
Senator to allow that bill to he recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary. The times of hold-
ing the circuit court in the State of "Wisconsin
were fixed on consultation with Judge Davis,
then the judge of that circuit. Since that time,
however, Wisconsin has been attached to the
ninth circuit, of which Judge Miller is the circuit
judge; and, on consultation with him last evening,
I ascertained the times when he could hold the
courts in the State of Wisconsin. I have that
information which I desiie to give to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary; and I ask my honorable
friend from Illinois, therefore, to have the bill re-
committed to the committee in order that they
may draw an amendment which will cover the
case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible to do it
upon this bill. This bill passed the Senate and
went to the House of Representatives. The House
passed it with an amendment; and, as I under-
stand it, the question now is on concurring in the
amendment of the House of Representatives. Per-
haps we could concur in it with another amend-
ment; but it seems to me it would be better to in-
troduce a new bill; and as the original bill will not
now answer the purpose, we had better let it lie
on the table. The question now is on concurring
with the House of Representatives in the amend-
ment which tiiey have made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose we can concur
with an amendment, and that amendment might
cover the whole case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The motion is that the bill lie on the
table, and Senators are aware that the motion is
not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am not particular about
this matter. I think the Senator can get at it
easier, and with less trouble, by introducing a dis-
tinct bill. There will be 110 difficulty in passing
a bill to fix a time tor holding the courts in that
State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not object to this
bill lyingon the table with the undeistanding that
I can call it up if an amendment can be made to
cover the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is subject to
be called up at any time.
The bill, with the amendment, was ordered to
lie on the table.
appeals and writs of error.
Mi. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
51G) to allow the United States to prosecute ap-
peals and writs of error without giving security,
have directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. It is a short
bill, and will be understood by the mere reading
of it, and I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole, it provides that
whenever any writ of error, appeal, or other pro-
cess in law, admiralty, or equity, shall issue from
or be brought up to the Supreme Court of the
United States, either by the United States or by
direction of any Department of the Government,
no bond, obligation, or security shall be required
ft om the United States, or from any party acting
under the direction of any Department, by any
judge or ch-rk of a court, either to prosecute the
suitor to answer in damages or costs. In case
of an adverse decision, such costs as are by law
taxable against the United States are to be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Department
under whose direction the proceedings have been
instituted.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiidtudge. its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 737) to issue an American register to the
steamship Karnak; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the bill of the Senate
(No. 311) to amend an act entitled "An act to
pi o vide a temporary government for the Territory
of Colorado" with amendments; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 617) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of lh.e
fiscal year ending June 30,1863; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President. "
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
537) making a reappropriation of money to pay
for work done in tne west wing of the Patent Of-
fice building; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
On motion of Mr. WILKINSON, the bill (8.
No. 417) for the removal of the Winnebago In-
dians, and for the sale of their reservation in Min-
nesota for their benefit, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
to whom this bill was referred have reported it
back with an amendment in the form of a substi-
tute for the whole bill; and unless its reading be
demanded, the original bill will not be read. The
substitute proposed will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all of the original bill after the enact-
ing clause, and insert:
That the President of the United States is authorized to
assign to and setapait for the Winnebago Indians a tract of
unoccupied land, beyond the limits of any State, in extent
at least equal to their diminished reservation, the same to
Ik; well adapted for agricultural purposes. And it shall be
lawful for the Pi evident lo take such steps as he may deem
proper to effect the peaceful and quiet removal of the said
Indians from the State of Minnesota, and to settle them
upon the lands which may be assigned to them under the
piovisions of this act.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, upon the re-
moval of the said Indians from the rcseivatiou where they
now reside, it shall be the duty ot the Secretary of the In-
teriot to cause each legal subdivision of the said land to be
appraised by discreet persons to be appointed by liim for
that purpose. And in each instance where there are im-
ptovements upon any legal subdivision of said lands the
impiovements shall be separately appraised. But no por-
tion of the said lands shall be subject to preemption, settle-
ment, entry, or location under any act ot Congress, unless
the party preempting, settling upon, or locating any portion
of f-aid lands shall pay thuiefor the full appiaised value
theieof, including the value of the said improvement?, un-
der such lobulations as hereinafter piovided.
Skc. <'*. J2nd be it further enacted, That after the survey of
the said reservations the same shall be opened to preemp-
tion, entry, and settlement in the same manner as other
public lands: Provided, That before any person shall be
entitled to enter any portion of the said lands, by pieemp-
tiou or otherwise, previous to then* exposure to sale to the
lushest bidder, at public outcry, he shall become an actual,
bona fide -ettlcr th^ieon, and shall conform to all the regula-
tions now provided by law in eases of preemption, and t-hall
pay, within the teun of one year from the date of his settle-
ment, the full appraised value of the land, and the improve-
ment* thci eon, to the hind officois of the district where the
said lands arc situated. And the portion ofthesaid reserva-
tions which may not be settled upon, as aforesaid, may be
t.o!d at public auction, as othei public land** are sold, after
which th.-y shall be subject to sale at private entry, as
other public lands ot tin- United States, but no pottion
thereot shall be '•old lor a sum less than their appraised value
in foie the 1-toi January, A. D. 1865, nor for a less price
than $1 '25 per aeie, unless otherwise provided by law:
Provided, That where impiovements have been made upon
Midlands b\ persons authorized by law to trade with said
indum-, the value ot such impiovements, or the pnee for
which the same may be sold, shall be paid to the parties
making the same; and in case the land upon which such
improvements shall have been made shall be purchased
by tin- patties nuking ihc same, at th- appraised value as
aforesaid, the value ot the intpioventems so made by him
shall fonii no pan of the puiehase price to be paid for
said laud
Pkc. 4. And be it fmther enacted, That the land? of said
Indians which have been set apart tor the payment ot' the
debt- of the said Indians shall he sold on sealed bids foi the
bo-t pi  c4i tin4 same \\ ill bring; but no bid* shall be received
foi said lands until the 1st day of J.uiuaiy, A. D. 1&G5, for
le«i than 50 per aoc. I'.ids shall bo revived for tracfg
of quaiter section*, and for such tiaets. cnnloinnng to the
Government-uivevs. less than one bundled and sixty acres,
,is will secute the'laise-t puce loi said lands ; the Secre-
tai\ is authoi i/."d to icceive. nt payment of s.iid lands, cer-
tificates of indebtedness ot t-aid hid tans, issued by the Oom-
mi-siouei of Indian Allans, [oi the debts ot said Indians
seenred to be, paid out of the &ale ol >aid lands by the third
aitiele of the iif.Uy of the said Indians with the United
States, concluded at Washington on the 15th day of April,
1^50. The money ari-qni; from the -<U<: of their soul lands,
after pav wg the indebtedness requited by said treaty to be
paid, shall be pud into tlie Treason oi the Timed States,
and slull be expended, as the same is received, undei the
diiectiou of Die cieum oi the lnt«>u«i, in noee<saiy im-
provements upon their new ie«ei vatton; and it shall be the
duty ot the seeieiaiv ot the fnterioi to allot to said Indians
in sevvi.'ilty land- which they may respectively cultivate
and improve, not exceeding eighty neres to each bead of a
family otln-i than to the chief*, to whom larger allotments
may be made, which lands, when *o allotted, shall be vested
in said Indian and his hens without the right of alienation,
and shall be evidenced by patent.
