APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
37tii Gong. ... 3d Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
pared at the United States Mint for that purpose.
Medals of Honor" additional to those authorized
by the act [resolution] of July twelfth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and present the same to
such officers, non-commissioned officers, and pri-
vates as have most distinguished or who may
hereafter most distinguish themselves in action;
and the sum of twenty thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to defray the expenses
of the same.
. For surveying the public lands in Colorado
Territory, in addition to the sum hereinbefore
appropriated, five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas and
Nebraska, in addition to the sum hereinbefore
appropriated, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Dakota Ter-
ritory, ten thousand dollars.
JPov surveying the public lands in Washington
Territory, in addition to the sum hereinbefore
appropriated, five thousand dollars.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That to supply
a clerical omission in the act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four," the following words be, and here-
by are, added to the end of the paragraph for the
support of the Metropolitan Police of the District
of Columbia: "One hundred and ten thousand
dollars."
Sec. 8. And be it further cnacted, That in addi-
tion to the olerical force now authorized by law
in the office of the Second Comptroller, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to ap-
point as follows: fourclerksof class four, four of
class three, arid ten of class two, and one assist-
ant messenger at a safaiy of seven hundred dol-
lars per annum; said additional force shell be em-
ployed and continue only during the rebellion, and
for one year after its close; and the amount ne-
cessary to pay their salaries from the time of then
appointment, for the fiscal year ending June thirtyj
eighteen hundred and sixty-three,and for the fis-
cal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the ap-
propriation for temporary clerks in the Treasury
Department, for the year ending thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, shall apply to
and include stationery and furniture for the use
of said clerks.
court of cjlaima.
For salaries of two additional [judges,] from the
eighth of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, to thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-lour, at an animal salai y each of four thou-
sand do/Jars, ten thousand five hundred and
twenty dollars.
Fo r $u la ry o f ba j / j IT, fro m e t^h f li M a rc h, c ig h f ee n
hundred and sixty-three, to thirtieth June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four, at an annual salary
of one thousand dollais, one thousand two hun-
dred and ninety-five dollars.
I1 or a minister resident in Greece, three thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
allow to Butler and Carpenter, contractors, for
engtavinginternal levenue stamps, thirty percent,
of the cost of engraving the special dies for that
purpose, and not to exceed in amount the sum of
twenty thousand dollars.
See. 10. And be it farther enacted, That the
sum of one hundred thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the ,
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, towards de- \
fraying the expenses consequent upon carrying |
into effect the act of Congress of [this date,] en- i
titled "An act to regulate [relating to] habeas cor- I
pus, and regulating judicial proceedings m certain !
cases."
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, Thatsomuch
of the second section of the act of August sixth,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, entitled "An act ,
to provide, tor thp better organization of the Treas- |
ury,and for the recollection, safe-keeping, trans- |
fer, and disbursement of the public revenue," as !
designates the Mint of the United States in the cj ty !
of Philadelphia to be the place of deposit of the ii
public money at that point, is hereby amended so
as to authorize the deposit of the same in the cus-
tom-house building of the said city, whenever, in
the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury, the
publicconvenience will be subserved thereby; and
the sum of ten thousand dollars is hereby appro-
priated, payable out of any moneys ifi theTreas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in the construction of vaults and the fitting
up of offices in the said custom-house building for
the proper receipt, custody, and disbursement of
such public money as may be deposited therein.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That, the
treasurer of the Mint of the United States, by
virtue of that office assistant treasurer of the Uni-
ted States atPhiladelphia,is authorized to desig-
nate from among the clerks in his said offices re-
spectively one to act as chief clerk to'the treasurer
of the Mint, and one other to act as chief clerk to
the assistant treasurer of the United States.
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That in case
of the sickness or unavoidable absence of the
treasurer of the Mint, he may, in his discretion,
authorize the respective chief clerks to act in his
place, and to discharge all the duties required by
law of the treasurer of the Mint or assistant
treasurer of the United Suites at Philadelphia.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
chief and other clerks m the treasury department
of the M int shall give such assistance in the assist-
ant treasury of the United States at Philadelphia,
in the rcceipt, custody, and disbursement of the
public money, as may be required of them by the
treusmer, with the same responsibility for the
faithful performance of such duty as is imposed
upon them by the laws in force for thegovernment
of t he Mint and the officers and cleiks thereof.
Sec. 15. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Senate be directed to pay, out of the
e.ontingentfund,forsuch extra messengers, pages,
laboreis, and .services for the Senate dunug'the
present session, as the Committee to Audit ami
Contiol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate
may approve and direct.
Sec. l(J. And be it further enacted, That an as-
sistant collector of customs shall be appointed at
the port of New Yoik, in the mode prescribed
by law for the appointment of deputy collectors,
at an annual compensation of five thousand dol-
lars, who shall perform such duties and exercise
such powers now devolved on the collector as
may be assigned to him by that officer; and all
the official acts of said assistant, in piusuance of
such assignment, shall be as valid in Inwas if
performed by thccollcctorhimsolf: Provided,That
the collector shall be responsible for the official
acts as aforesaid of said assistant, and that no ad-
ditional appropriation shall be made for the pay-
ment of his compensation.
Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That the
signal corps of the Army shall, during the pres-
ent rebellion, be oignmzed as follows: there shall
be one chief signal officer, a colonel, who shall be
signal officer of the Ai my; one lieutenant colonel,
two majois, who shall he inspectors; and for*
each army corps or military department there
shall be one captain and as many lieutenants, not
exceeding eight, as the President may deem ne-
cessary,to be appointed by the Piesulent, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, who
shall receive the pay and emoluments of cavalry
officers of similar grades; and for each officer of
the signal corps there may be enlisted or detailed
one sergeant and six privates, who shall receive
the pay of similar grades of engineer soldiers:
Provided, That no officer or enlisted man shall be
allowed to serve m the signal corps until he shall
have been examined and approved by a military
board, to be convened for that purpose bv the
Secretary of War.
Sec. 18. And be it further enactcd, That the
officers and enlisted men herein provided for shall
be subject to the rules and articles of war. They
may be mounted upon horses, the property of
the United States, and shall serve in any military
department, or with any forces to wh ich they may
be ordered. And officers of the Army who may
be appointed in this corps may, after the rebel-
lion, be restored to their respective regiments or
corps, and receive the same rank and promotion
as if they had continued to serve therein.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed in the office of the signal officer
two clerks of class two. And in selecting officers
and men for the organization of the signal corps,
as herein provided, preference shall be given to
such as have served faithfully, or as are now send-
ing in the acting signal corps of the Army.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That, in or-
der to allow time for their thorough examination,
the President may appoint the officets authorized
by this act during the recess of Congress; which
appointments shall be submitted to the Senate at
their next session for their advice and consent.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of thirteen thousand dollars be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
reconstructing the bridges and market-house in
Georgetown, built across the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal, and for raising the same so as to open
a convenient outlet to the trade of the canal to the
Potomac river, in place of that which has been
interrupted bv the occupation of the aqueduct con-
necting the Chesapeake and Ohio and the Alex-
andria canals, as a bridge for the transportation of
supplies for the Army of the United States across
said river, said sum to be expended under the di-
rection of the president of the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal Company.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, di-
rected, out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, to pay to the Governor of
the State of Minnesota, or his duly authorized
agent, the costs, charges, and expenses properly
incurred by said State in suppressing Indian hos-
tilities within said State and upon its borders, in
the year eighteen hundred and sixty-two, not ex-
ceeding two hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
to be settled upon proper vouchers to be filed and
passed upon by the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury: Provided, That in determining the
claims to be allowed under this act, the same prin-
ciples, rules,and regulations shall be observed by
the accounting officers in auditing said expenses
ashave beenapplied to theclaimsallowed to States
under the act approved July twenty-seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, entitled " An act
to indemnify the States for expenses incurred by
them in defense of the United States."
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the act approved the eighteenth of August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, entitled "Art act
to regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States," as prohibits the granting
of passpo/ts to any other than citizens of the Uni-
ted States, shall be, anil is hereby ? repealed, so far
as that prohibition may embrace any class of per-
sons liable to military duty by the laws of the
United States.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That the
Presidentof the United States be,and heis hereby,
authorized, whenever in his judgment the public
interest may so require, to discontinue the con-
sulate of the United States at Trinidad de Cuba,
and to appoint at Cienfuegos, in that island, a
consul with the same salary and emoluments as
those now allowed by law to the consul at Trin-
idad de Cuba.
See. 25. And be it further enacted, That every
judge advocate of a court-martial or court of in-
quiry hereafter to be constituted shall have power
to issue the like process to compel witnesses to
appear and testify which courts of criminal juris-
diction within the State, Territory, or district
where such military court& shall be ordered to sit
may lawfully issue.
Approved, March 3,1863.
Ciiap. LXXX.—An Act for increasing the Rev-
enue by Reservation and Sale of Town Sites on
Public Lands.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent of the United States to reserve from the pub-
lic lands, whether surveyed or unsurvoyed, town
sites on the shores of harbors, at the junction of
rivers, important portages, or any natural or pros-
pective centers of population.
Sec. 2, Jlnd be it further enacted, That when, in
