1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
any rate, that will be ample and sufficient. I cer-
tainly do not want any more, and I would not
quaire! with less.
Mr. COLL AM ER. What is the number of
those out of service?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator asks how many are out of the service. By
a resolution which we passed a few days ago we
calied on the Secretary of War to send in a list
of them, and that list has been sent in and printed.
I do not now recollect the number; but I think
there are some seven or eight major generals, and
some dozen orfifteen brigadier generals; butthcre
are not so many brigadier as major generals in
proportion. It will be remembered that these
major generals have had commands, and some of
them high commands, and have been relieved of
their commands temporarily; and probably most
of them will be brought into the service again.
General Butler, General Bumside, General Fre-
mont, General McClellan, General Buell, are all
out of the scrvice now; but they may come into
the service any day. It will be remembered, in
legard to major generals, that if we were to act
according to the organization of the Arm%r, we
should have a major general for each division of
the Army, a major general to command a corps,
and a major general to command an army or a
department, and brigadier generals to command
brigades. I venture to say that a majority of the
divisionsof the Army to-day—yes, sir, more than
four fifths of them—are commanded by brigadier
generals, and the major generals command armies
in the field or command corps. Geneial Rose-
crans is a brigadier general; he is not yet a major
general. His name is before us for confnmation
as a major geneial. He is now in command of
an army. Several of the generals that command
)ai£e Army corps in the service are only brigadier
generals. I hope the major generals will not be
reduced, if the brigadiers should be.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the success that Gen-
eral Rosecrans has had in commanding an army
jis a brigadier general ought to satisfy us that it
is not absolutely necessary that his rank should
be raised in order to make him a good fighting
officer, or a skillful commander. The statement
that has just been made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts iather militates, it occurs to me, against
the argument that lie first urged in favor of his
bill. He first staled that we should pass this bill
because we were going to call into the service a
laige number more of men.
Mr WILSON, of Massachusetts. No.
Mr. GRIMES. That, I think, was one of the
arguments the Senator urged; but m answer to
the Senatorfrom Vermont he admitted that while
the militia—the nine months men for whom agood
many of these generals have been appointed will
retire in the coutse of two or three months, the
generals, the brigadiers, and the major generals
who have been appointed, and whose appoint-
ments it is proposed that we shall confirm, will still
remain in office.
Now, Mr. President, I undertake to say, and
I appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts it it
is not so, that the sentiment among the best of-
ficers of the Army is that we have got major
generals and brigadier generals enough already.
I do not care what may be the sentiment m Wash-
ington, or what may be the sentiment of the Oe-
paitment, or what may be the sentiment of tho
fnends of those office is who seek to be eleuUed
to these places; but I undertake to say it is the
sentiment of the best officers in the field to-day
ihc.it we have got plenty of them. The trouble is
not in the number of officers that we have, but it
is in the quality of the officers we have. It the
Pies'dunt n{" the United States, or the Secretary of
W\w, would strike fiom the list forty fir fifty of
the brigadier generals now upon it, and mteui or
twenty"3of the major geneials upon it, he would
p -rfoim ft gieat public heiuce, and would make
way for the promotion of some of the valuable
ullicds whom it is pioposod to make major and
brigadier generals-, for there aie some whose
mum«s have been announced in the newspapers
a* bavin"- been appointed who ou^ht to be ap-
pointed, who ought to be confirmed, and I am
anxious that they shall be conlitmcd; but I want
them to talo-* the places ot inefficient anu tncom-
peii'nt men who aie already upon your list ui
officers and diawing pay.
Sonic allusion was made by the Senator from
Virginia to the expense attending these appoint-
ments. T undertake to say that the expense of
every major general in the United States Army,
including all the expenses that result from the or-
ganization of his staff, is not less than §24,000 a
year; and the expense attending every brigadier
general, including the pay of the officers of his
staff, is not less than $16,000 a year, making more
than $2,000,000 in the aggregate to be the expend-
iture created by this bill. I am not prepared to
appropriate more than $2,000,000 a year for the
payment of the officers proposed to be created by
this bill. I am not prepared just at this time to
embark in so large an expenditure.
The Senator says, as an argument in favor of
the passage of this bill, that colonels are now com-
manding divisions, and other colonels are com-
manding brigades. That is true, and it is one of
the evils of this bill, taken in connection with the
methods of appointment that have been pursued
hitherto. The colonel to whom the Senator al-
luded, in answer to a question from the Senator
from Maine, is all educated Army officer. I have
no doubt he is a very excellent officer. He is now
familiar with the men under his command; they
understand him; he may be a very acceptable offi-
cer to them. If you pass this bill and he is made
a brigadier, and some other man is made a major
general, and that other mail comes in and com-
mands the division that Colonel Barnes is now
commanding, a new man, who does not know the
men, does not know the capabilities of his officers,
what will be the consequence? In fact, the result
of the passage of the bill would be very apt to be
to disorganize that very division which that col-
onel is at this moment commanding. That will be
the result of most of these appointments. They
are continually chasseing around, taking a man
from one briga.de and ordering him to another, and
from one division and orderinghim to another, and
about the time he has become familiar with his
men, and his men have got to understand him, and
he has secured their confidence, he is taken away.
This results from this continual increase of ap-
pointments. I am in favor of stopping it where
it is.
Mr.CARLILE. This bill recites that we lrnvc
now, by law, four major generals id the regular j
Army, and forty majoi generals of volunteers. '1 he j
report to which the Senator from Massachusetts j
alludes, shows that we have now actually fifty- |
two major generals and two bundled and eight |
brigadier generals. If four thousand men consti-
tute a brigade, we have now brigadier generals
enough to command nearly one million men, and
I presume that is as many as we have to-day in
the field. If the Army is increased to a greater
size, and It is considered expedient to limit the
brigades to four thousand, when the increase is
made it will be time enough to incur this additional
expense.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia will suspend his remaiks. It be-
comes incumbent on the Chair, under the rule of
the Senate, to call up the special order of the (lay.
The Chair will state that by order of a previous
day the bill (H. It. No. 634) giving aid to the
State of Missouri for the purpose of securing the
abolishmentof slavery ill said State, was assigned
as a .special order at this hour. The unfinished
! business of yesteiday is Senate bill No. 486, to
of the honorable Senator; but we have to dtsposp
to-day of the bank bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES: I am in favor of the passage
of the bill that the Senator from Kentucky desires
to talte up; but it was a distinct understanding,"!
, think, last Saturday night, that we should proceed
to the consideration of the Missouri bill to-day,
and that after the lapse of one hour we should
take a vote on it, and I do not desire to violate that
agreement.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know any gentleman
in the Senate who wishes to debate this bill, or to
say a word about it.
Mr. GRIMES. To take it up now would be a
violation of our agreement of Saturday.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cailile, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Foot,
Ilowaid, Ilosve, Kennedy. Powell, Rieiiaid^on, Turpie,
Wail, and Wilson ot'Mi-^omi—13.
NAYS—Messts. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Doohttle, Fe^semlen, Fostei, Gullies, Harding, Harlan,
Hants, [Iendei*on,Km<t, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Mor-
rill, Nesniilh, Sherman, yumner, Ten Evck, Trumbull,
Wilmot, and 'Wilson ol Massachusetts—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 486) to provide a national currency, secured
by a pledge of United States stocks, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption thereof
is now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
The following amendment, offered by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] is the pend-
ing question, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered:
.find he it fiulhcr enacted, That twelve months after the
pi cent wai shall ce.w;, each and every banking associa-
tion organized undei tins act shall redeemtllenoI.es itmay
issue, upon presentation in regular banking liours, in gold
and silver coin.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 18; as follows.
YISA^—Messrs. Carhle, Collainer, Cowan, Davis, Doo
little, Foot, [Iinvaul, Howe, Kennedy, King, Latham,
Ne-mi'b, rowell.Kiehiirdson,Trumbull,Tuipie, Wall,and
Wilson ol' Missouri—18.
NAYS—Messi s. Anthony, Ai nold, Chandler. Claik, Dix-
on, Fn-ier, Mains, Hick-,, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kau-
sa«. Moinii, J'oinerov, Klierinan, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Wade, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I propose, Mr. Piesident,
to remark m telation to the general character of
this bill, and to point out wherein I think itis ex-
ceptionable, and I shall do so, perhaps, somewhat
at length.
In the first place, I would say that I do not re-
gard this as a measure in any respect connected
with the war. It is not a war measure, I am the
more willing to put it in that light from this con-
sideration: I have observed that almost every-
thing that is asked for, especially if it is asked for
witli any degree of pertinacity, is put upon that
giound; it is either a military necessity or a po-
litical necessity, or you cannot keep the Union
together without it, or something of that kind by
which we are appealed to, to let our conscience
and our discernment go, and obey the dictates
pressed upon us. I do not view this as of that
character. I take it that this war will come to
I some end within the course of a year or so—not
xceeding two yeais at most. Il is not necessary
nrovidc a national currency secured by a pledge of i for me now to predict what will be the foi m of that
Unitod'stiUes stocks, and to provide for the cir- !'   1  nranara,lnM
dilation and redemption thereof. By express rule I
of the Senate, the unfinished business of the last ,
si el nig takes preccdence of all other special or gen- j
era! 01 tU rn. _ i
Mi. DAVIS. 1 move to dispense with all prior j
ordeis and talte up Senate bill No. 452, to regulate
the mode of appointment of midshipmen to the j
Naval -Ycademy. H will not lake half an hour. ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to postpone the pending ;
 ,'r 1) YVJS Not to debate it, but just to vote ! that is the expression contained in lus report. I
Mi. davjo. u j not](.(,d Jt tbe ot|u,r ,jay. i WIH not trouble the
°"m,' SHFRM YN I am afraid it will give rise i. Senate with reading the words; I have stated the
to debate, "l trust we shall go on and finish the / substance. 1 believe he is correct in that.have
pending bill. It is only inthat way we can dispose in
of the public business, 1 ,n favor ot the bill .1 it
termination. I do notdesire to make preparations
for its continuing much longer than that, at any
rate not at present. I desire that all preparations
should be made with a view of bringing it to a
speedy teimmation; and I will not agree at pres-
ent to the framing of any measures that seem to
be predicated on the idea of its continuing a long
time. I may at last be compelled to view it in
that light; but I shall not at present.
| The°oiganization of these pioposed bunks is
necessarily of slow operation. Ifthc bill be passed,
Mr. Chase tells us in his report, I believe, that
to come,
I think
no occasion to take issue on that point. Then, if
I am in"favor of the bill 1! it is a thing from which we are to expect no prac-
