Biro
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
tical effect for this year, and probably very little
for another year afterward, we cannot call this a
present war measure. If it be anything connect-
ed with the war, it is for a war to be continued
some four, five, six, orten years hencc, 10 which
view, I take it', we will not at present accede.
Having laid that out of consideration in rela-
tion to this bill, I come lo consider what are its
great purposes and objects, as stated by those
who framed, recommend, and support it. It is
said to be to institute a great national paper cur-
rency through the medium of banks, to be organ-
ized under this act, who are to take United States
stocks and deposit them in the Treasury, and
take ninety per cent, of them in notes to circulate
as money, with which to do banking business;
and that they shall have twenty-five per cent,
more than this circulating part as a permanent
capital to work upon. They are to pay two per
eeni. on their circulation to the United States
Government annually, or one per cent, every six
months, and the United States are to pay them
six per cent, per annum on the bonds in gold.
The United States further agree that they will
take all this money in circulation, receive it for
and pay it out on all public dues, and declare it
to be in the act a national currency. Besides
that the United States agree that they will guar-
anty to the bill-holders the payment of these bills
at the Treasury. If the banks do not redeem
them in currency when asked for their redemp-
tion they may be protested and presented at the
Treasury, and the Treasury is to pay them, and
pay them in full, whether the stocks left upon
deposit are able to meet them or not. Besides
this investment the property put into these asso-
ciations is itself to be clear of taxation.
Now, Mr. President, it is to be further under-
stood, and is an integral part of the very system,
without which it is good for nothing, that the
circulation of the existing banks of the country
is to be withdrawn. Measures are to be taken
with those banks that shall induce or compel
them to take home their circulation and put it
out no more, so that this shall be a national cur-
rency. Unless this latter part of the scheme is
secured, its great professed objcct of making a
uniform national currency throughout the United
States is not and cannot be effected. It there-
fore implies all this, and we must understand
that if we enter upon this proposition and enter-
tain this plan, we are to take measures in order
to perfect it to do the other thing; that is, to de-
stroy, put out of existence, the circulation of the
present State banks.
I know it is not very easy for men who reside
and have been brought up and educated in differ-
ent sections of our country to understand the mi-
nute business relations of other distant sections.
I suppose it is difficult to make a man at the West
understand how it is in New England that all the
ordinary affairs and business of the people arc in-
terwoven with the banks. The connection of the
banks enters into all the filaments of our business;
it is the warp and woof of it. Every little manu-
facturing village has its bank; large numbers of
the owners of the various factories are also stock-
holders in the bank; that bank counting-room is
the place where the business of the factory is done,
where all its family affairs, where all the business
of the different mechanics and little tradesmen is
done through the bank. Young men setting up
in business have fathers out on farms who indorse
for them. What will be the effect of this scheme
now, to say nothing about the bank, exercising
no care or concern about the bank—that is not the
effect that we are to contemplate; but what is the
result that will be produced on the condition of
society by the winding up of these banks, by un-
dergoing this great process of transition which
the bill demands ? If we pass this bill, it jays the
foundation for passing the nest bill that comes up
before us, that is the bill for raising money, in
which is inserted a tax of two per cent, on the cir-
culation of the State banks, with a view to effect
this object, and that must pass if this does; and
if this does not pass, 1 take U that will not, unless
it receives large modifications.
■ I cannot but be sensible, though I do not sup-
pose that I can succeed m showing it to others,
that if you wind up at one time the banks of the
State in which I live—and I believe it is so in the
New England States generally, and as low down
at least as New Jersey and Pennsylvania—it can
only be done by collecting in all their dues and
delivering them over to the stockholders. The
whole debts would have to be collected and brought
in at about one time. The derangement thus
caused in the business of our country, interwoven
as I say it is with these banks as its fiscal agency,
would be utterly destructive of the condition of
society in which I live. Burst these connections,
and you carry distress up the sides of all our
mountains, and to the homes of ail our farmers,
who are indorsers for their sons in business; you
destroy all our young mechanics. Indeed, I can-
not undertake to draw a picture of the amount of
distress and ruin that would follow the winding
up of our banks of New England all at one time;
and 1 think I' may say about the same of New
York and New Jersey, and even of Ohio, and 1
think perhaps of Michigan.
Mr. President, this is no slight operation for us
to undergo. Had it not been for this I should be
content, as I ordinarily am, to let the Senate take
their own way. I am not in the ljabit of troubling
them much; out when a measure of this kind is
pending, involving such consequences, I could not
do my duty to the people, whom I am permitted
in some degree to represent, without putting in my
protestation against it I have felt a little as if my
duty was somewhat like that of Judah when he
spoke for his brother Benjamin in Egypt. He
said, in substance, "you are as Pharaoh; I have
broughtdown this lad here at your direction; my
father's life is bound up in the boy,and I cannot
return to my father without him, or I shall bring
down his gray hairs in sorrow to the grave; there-
fore let me speak a word in my lord's ear." It is
therefore 1 can say that I pray thee let me speak
a word in my lord's ear. If my speech needs any
apology, it will be found in that.
I have, Mr. President, given an outline of this
plan. It is simple, brief, clearly capable of being
understood by all who choose to devote any at-
tention to it. I am aware that in times of national
violence, and especially of domestic violence, we
have new illustrations of the principle laid down
by Montesquieu, that power is always at war with
its own boundaries; it is always restless with its
own limitations, and making war on those limit-
ations; and we are constantly inclined to theex-
eicise even of doubtful powers on the ground of
necessity when there is violence against us. Go-
ing to the verge of power is the present tendency,
perhaps occasionally overstepping it. It is in that
direction that we need caution. Now, would it
not bo worth while to stop for a moment and in-
quire whether we really have the power, honestly
exercising our functions, candidly construing the
Constitution, to do this great thing—extinguish
the State banks? Have we, by the use of the
power of taxation to raise revenue, openly, avow-
edly, intentionally, the authority to pervert thut
power to the destruction of those banks? I am
sensible that I am speaking in a time when any
sort of doubt about power is received as somewhat
dangerous doctrine any way. Still 1 would say a
word on that point.
Mr. President, there are many rights and pow-
ers which the States have, and which they have
the right to exercise, utterly independent of the
United States Government. There are other rights
and powers which they may exercise, but if the
United States exercises power over that thing it
supersedes them. There are other powers abso-
lute to either and independentofeach other. There
are some powers forbidden to the States. To il-
lustrate this: the State has the power of taxation,
and that power is an unlimited power; and it may
select its own subjects of taxation. It is unlim-
ited in all respects but one; and that is, that they
shall not lay and collect duties upon importations.
That is the only one that occurs to me now. In
the power of taxation by the States they afe only
limited in that, that they shall not levy and collect
duties on imports; any other tax they may collect.
The United States has the same general power of
taxation in the country. Now, they both go on,
and neither of them can have any check upon the
other. The power may exist in a State, for in-
stance like that to make a State bankrupt law;
and that would be well enough; but when the Uni-
ted States under its power to make a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy exercises that power, it super-
sedes the Slate bankiuptlaw; because otherwise
K would not be u uniform system. But whatever
power a State haa, and which it does not hold at
the will of Congress, I take it, cannot be checked
by Congress in any way; and so, if the United
States has a power which it has a right to exer-
cise independent of State action, I take it it may
exercise it, and the State cannot frustrate it in any
way; and this is just as true of one as the other.
Now, Mr. President, for the application of this
argument. The Supreme Court, in the case of
McCullongh vs. Maryland, decided that the
United States had the right to make a United
States Bank, with branches in different States,
and they said the States could not tax that United
States Bank. Why ? Because the exercise of that
power in the extreme would destroy it, and there-
fore you would make it out that Congress had the
power to establish a bank; but after all it was
subject to the power of the States to put it down.
In the case of Kentucky, the Supreme Court de-
cided that the long continued usage in this coun-
try in States to make banks was constitutional,
and that a State had a right to make a bank of
issue. There were other questions in that case,
which it is not necessaty now to bring in here.
It was decided that a State had the right, not to
mak#a bank to issue the State paper, but a bank
to issue paper currency.
Now, sir, if a State has that right, it has that
right certainly independent of the consent of Con-
gress. Does it hold it at the will of Congress?
Certainly not. The United States, in making a
United States Bank, held it independent of State
action, and it was so decided. If the State has
this right, and has it independent of the consent
of Congress, it cannot have that right if the Uni-
ted States can tax it out of existence. Hence, 1 say
the United States has no more power to tax a State
institution out of existence than a State has to tax
a United States institution out of existence. I
should like to see that answered. I have some-
times proposed that question, but I have never
received any answer to it. In most of the States,
the State of New York for instance, almost all
their banks are founded upon their own State
stocks. It is a part of their financial system to
make their stocks valuable, and to enable them
to make internal improvements. All these State
banks are more or less connected with and rami-
fied in with the business of their several States.
Can they be taxed out of existence by the United
States ? Why, sir, you might just as well tell me
that the United States, under the power of tax-
ation, could go on and extinguish all the schools
in New England by taxing its schools, its col-
leges, and its academies, and their books and
their buildings and the salaries of the professors,
and in that way destroy them under the very gen-
eral principle of the power of universal taxation.
I shall «ot dwell longer upon that point. I have
stated my view upon it.
But, Mr. President, there is another principle
involved in this measure; and I am looking at it
now in its great national aspects,as a national prin-
ciple,-without regard to the limes. I say it is to
establish corporations in all the States and Terri-
tories entirely independent of any power of vis-
itation by those States or Territories. This, to
say the least of it, is an extremely questionable
power. What may be the number of these insti-
tutions? As the capital is to be $300,000,000,
that will make three thousand banks of $100,000
each; and the bill provides that they may be made
$50,000 banks, which will make six thousand
$50,000 banks. I believe we have now, in what
aie called the loyal States, between thirteen and
fourteen hundred banks altogether, and this bill
proposes to make at least three thousand, or per-
haps six thousand, of these bank corporations,
established all over the States.
That is not all. It is proposed that there shall
be no other banks but these; the whole banking
capital is to be put into these banks; and the whole
of that property is removed from all State taxa-
tion. I ask gentlemen to reflect on what will be
the effect in their different States of closing up the
present banks, and taking the capital belonging
to the stockholders, putting it into the banks un-
der this bill, and removing the whole of it from
all the forms of State taxation—State, county,
city, and town. Many of our States derive their
school fund from what they obtain from these
State banks. I believe it is so in New Hamp-
shire. They have their school fund in that way.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir; the only school fund
we have.
