1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....3b
and parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of
this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXXVHI.—An Act to facilitate the
Collection of the Revenue in Ei Paso County,
Texas, and in the Territory of New Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of AmericainCongress
assembled, That the tenth section of an act enti-
tled " An act making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the thirtieth of
June,eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,"approved
March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and the act
entitled u An act creating a collection district in
Texas and New Mexico,'5 approved August
second, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, is here-
by revived and reenacted: Provided, That the
collector shall reside at El Paso, Texas, instead
of Frontera.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted, That the juris-
diction of the district court of New Mexico shall
extend over the citizens of EI Paso county,Texas,
only in cases not instituted by indictment, and the
trial and proceedings for violations of the revenue
laws in said distiict court of New Mexico shall
be the same as in other district courts of the Uni-
ted States invested with admiralty powers; and
this act shall take effect from and after its pas-
sage.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXXIX.—An Act to authorize the Ap-
pointment of an Assistant Treasurer of the
United States, and to fix the Pay of the Treas-'
urer, Assistant Treasurer, Clerks, and Mes-
sengers in the Office of the Treasurer of the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and IIousc of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongrcss
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint, from
time to time, by and with the consent and ap-
proval of the Senate of the United States, an
AssistantTreasurerof the United States; and the
Treasurer of the United States may, in his dis-
cretion, with the consent of the Secretary of the
Treasury of (he United States, authoiize the said
assistant to act in the place and stead and at any
and at all times to discharge any or all the duties
required by law of the said Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther cnacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of the United States be, j
and is hereby, authorized to appoint, in addition
to the clerks now authorized by law, a cashier,
with an annual salary of two thousand four hun-
dred dollars perannum; an assistantcashier, with
an annual salary of two thousand dollars per an-
num; fourchiefs of divisions, with annual salaries
of one thousand eight hundred dollars each per
annum; and also n messenger, an assistant mes-
senger, and two laborers, m addition to those now
allowed, at the compensation now authorized by
law.
Sec. 3. AndbeUfufthercnactedfThnttthcre&hixM
be paid to the Treasurer of the United States, m i
lieu and stead of his present compensation, com- i
mencingwith and including the first day of July, j
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, the sujn of five j
thousand dollars per annum; hut from which j
amount there shall be deducted all sums of money j
heretofore paid to, or received by, the said Treas- i
urer, on account of his compensation for services 1
rendered as Treasurer of the United States, since ;
and including the day aforesaid, and the income !
tax on such additional compensation as will have j
accrued since the first day of September, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two; and there shall be paid ■
to the AssistantTieasuier of the United States an j
annual compensation of twenty-five hundred dol- :
lars. !
Sec. 4. And be itfurther enacted, That the com- ;
pen^mon of the Treasurer, Deputy Treasurer, j
clerks, and messengers aforesaid, for the current i
and next fiscal years, shall be paid out of any j
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri- '
atcd. Estimatesforallsuchcompensations.after 1
the next fiscal year, shall be submitted by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury with his annual estimates.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Ciiap. XC.—An Act to protect the Liens upon
Vessels in certain cases, and for other purposes.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in all cases now or hereafter pend-
ing wherein any ship, vessel, or other property,
shall be condemned in any proceeding by virtue
of the acts above mentioned, or of any other laws
on that subject, the court rendeiing judgment of
condemnation shall, notwithstanding such con-
demnation, and before awarding such ship, ves-
sel, or other property, or the proceeds thereof, to
the United States or to any informer, first provide
for the payment, out of the proceeds of such ship,
vessel, or other property, of any bona fide claims
which shall be filed by any loyal citizen of the
United States, or of any foreign State or Power
at peace and amity with the United States inter-
vening in such proceeding, and which shall be
duly established by evidence as a valid claim
against such ship, vessel, or other property, un-
der the laws of the United States or of any loyal
State thereof: Provided, That no such claim shall
be allowed in any case where the claimant shall
have knowingly participated in the illegal use of
such ship,vessel, or other property: Andprovided,
also, That this act shall extend to such claims only
as might have been enforced specifically against
such ship, vessel, or other property, in any loyal
State wherein such claim arose.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. XC1.—An Act to reorganize the Courts in
the District of Columbia, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States nf Amcrica in Congress
assembled, That there shall be established in tiie
District of Columbia a court to be culled the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia, which
shall have general jurisdiction in law and equity.
It shall consist of four justices, one of whom shall
be denominated as chief justice. These justices
shall be appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall
hold their offices-during good behavior. Each
justice, before he enters upon the duties of his
office, shall take the oath piescribed to be taken
by judges of the courts of the United States.
Any three of said justices may hold a general
term, and any one of them may hold a special
term, or circuit court, as hereinafter provided.
A special term may be held at the same time
with a circuit court and by the same justice.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted, That the said
court shall have power to appoint a dferk, who
shall take the oath, and give a bond, with sureties,
in the manner prescribed by law for clerks of dis-
trict courts of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be Hfurther enactcd, That the su-
preme court organized by this act shall possess
the same powers and exercise the same jurisdic-
tion as is now possessed and exercised by the cir-
cuit court for the District of Columbia, and the
justices of the court so to be organized shall sev-
erally possess the powers and exercise the juris-
diction now possessed and excrciscd by the judges
of said circuit court. Any one of said justices
may hold a district court of the United States for
the Distiict of Columbia, in the same manner
and with the same powers and jurisdiction pos-
sessed and exercised by other district courts of
the UnitedStates. Any one of said justices may
also hohUBfe-iminal court for the trial of ail
crimes anfljroenses arising within said District,
which court shall possess the same powers and
exercise the same jutisdiction now possessed and
exercised by the criminal court of the District of
Columbia.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That general
terms of the said supreme court shall be held at
the same time at which terms of tlfe circuit court
of the District of Columbia are now required to
be held, and at the same place. District courts
and criminal courts shall also be held by one of
said justices at the several times when such courts
are now required by law to be held, and at the
game place.
, Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That special
terms of said supreme court shall be held by one
of said justices, at such time or times as the said
court, in general terms, shall appoint. Non-enum-
erated motions in all suits and proceedings atlfcw
and in equity shall first be heard antl determined
at such special terms. Suits in equity, not tria-
ble by jury, shall also be heard and determined
at such special terms; but the justice holding such
special term may, in his discretion, order any such
motion or suit to be heard, in the first instance,
at a general term. Any party aggrieved by any
order, judgment, or decree, made or pronounced
at any such special term, may, if the same involve
the merits of the action or proceeding, appeal
therefrom to the general term of said supreme
court, and upon such appeal the general term shall
review such order, judgment, or decree, and affirm,
reverse, or modify the same, as shall be just.
Sec. 6. And be itfurther enacted, That the said
court, in general term, shall adopt such rules as
it may think proper to regulate the time and man-
ner of making appeals from the special term to
the general term, and may prescribe the terms
and conditions upon which such appeals may be
made. Such court may also establish such other
rules as it may deem necessary for regulation of
the practice of the several courts organized by
this act, and from time to time revise and alter
such rules. It may also determine by rule what
motions shall be heard at a special term, as non-
enumerated motions, and what motions shall be
heard at a general term in the first instance.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all is-
sues of fact triable by a jury or by the court shall
be tried before a single justice; when the trial is
by jury, at a circuit court; and when the trial is
without a jury, at a circuit court or special term.
Issues of law may be tried at a circuit court or
special term. At any time after issue, and at
least ten days before the sitting of the court, either
party may give noticoof trial. The party giving
the notice shall furnish the clerk, at least four
days before the sitting of the court, with a note
of the issue, containing the title of the action, the
names of the attorneys, and the time when the
last pleading was served; and the clerk shall there-,
upon enter the cause upon a calendar, according
to the date of the issue.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if, upon
the trial of a cause, an exception be taken, it may
be reduced to writing at the time, or it may be
entered on the minutes of the justice, and after-
wards settled in such manner as may be provided
by the rules of the court, and then stated in writ-
ing in a case or bill of exceptions, with so much
of the evidence as may be material to the questions
to be raised; but such case or bill of exceptions
need not be sealed or signed. The justice who
tries the cause may, in his discretion, entertain a
motion, to be made on his minutes, to set aside
a verdict and grant a new trial upon exceptions,
or for insufficient evidence, or for excessive dam-
ages: Provided, That such motion be made at the
same term or circuit at which the trial was had.
When such motion is made and heard upon the
minutes, an appeal to the general term may he
taken from the decision, in which ease a bill of
exceptions or case shall be settled in the usual
manner.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That a motion
for a new trial on a case or bill of exceptions, and
an application for judgment on a special verdict
or a verdict taken subject to the opinion of the
'court, shall be heard in the first instance at a gen-
eral term.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That writs
and process issued out of the court hereby organ-
ized may be tested in the name of any justice of
said court.
Sec. 11. And be itfurther enacted, That any final
judgment, order, or decree of said court may be
reexamined and reversed or affirmed in the Su-
premo Court of the United States, upon writ of
error or appeal, in the same cases and m like man-
ner as is now provided by law in reference to the
final judgments, orders, and decrees of the circuit
court of the United States for the District of
Columbia.
Sec. 12. And be itfurther enacted, That appeals
may be made from the judgments of justices of
the peace to the court hereby organized in like
