222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
'31th Gong....3d Sbss.
Laws of the United States.
. Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all the
law& and parts of-laws now in force for the regu-
lation of the Mint of the United States, and for
the government of the officers and persons em-
ployed therein, and for the punishment of all
offenses connected with the Mint or coinage of
the United States shall be, and they are hereby,
declared to be in full force in relation to the branch
of the Mint by this act established, as far as the
same may be applicable thereto.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of one hundred thousand dollars be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to carry
into effect the provisions of this act, and to meet
the expenses of the current year and for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. XCVII.—An Act to provide for the dis-
posal of certain Lands therein named.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the Getjeral
Land Office shall, as soon as may be, cause that
portion of the public domain known as the Port
Howard military reserve, including the site of the
fort, containing three acres and four hundredths
of an acre, which is situated in the county of
Brown and State of Wisconsin, between Pox
river and Heaver Dam run, and which is not in-
cluded in the confirmations to Talbot C. Dous-
man and Daniel Whitney, nor in the grant to the
State of Wisconsin under the resolution of Con-
gress, approved April twenty-fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and aixty-two, entitled "A resolution ex-
planatory of, and in addition to, the act of June
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, granting
public lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in
the constiuction of railroads in said State," as
heretofore surveyed under the direction of the sur-
veyor general of Wisconsin and Iowa, to be sur-
veyed and subdivided into lots of such form and
of such size, not less than one fourth of an acre,
and not more than forty acres, as he may deem
expedient, dedicating such portions of the same
to the use of the public for streets and highways
as lie may think the public interest and conven-
ience may require, and shall cause a plat thereof
to be duly and propeily certified by such surveyor
general, and recorded in the office of the register
of deeds for said county of Brown; and when so
surveyed, platted, and recorded, he shall cause
each and all said lots to be sold separately at pub-
lic auction, giving not less than two months' no-
tice of the tmv and place of such sale by adver-
tising the same in such newspapers and for such
period of time as In; may deem best. Every such
lot shall be sold to the highest bidder for cash,
and when not paid for within twenty-four hours
from the time of purchase it shall be liable to be
resold under the order of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office aforesaid; but no sale shall
be binding until approved by the Secretary of the
Interior.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That ic shall
be the duty of the President to cause patents to
be issued in due form of law for each and every
such lot as soon as may be after the purchase of
and payment for the same.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
also be the duty of the Commissioner of the Land
Office to eau.se so much of the public domain ad-
jacent to said reser\e as lies between said Beaver
Dam run and Duck creek to be resurveyed into
lots, the lino of which shall conform as near as
may be to the lines? of the survey formerly made
by Albert G. Ellis, and shall cause certified plats
thereof to be returned as is provided by law m
the case of other surveys of the public domain;
and he shall thereupon proceed to dispose of the
same a* other nubile lands are disposed of, saving
to ewry person who upon the passage of this act
may be in possesion of any part of said lands,
and* shall ha\emade improvements thereon, as
provided uiulerthe pieemption lawsof the United
♦States, the i ight to put chase any lots so improved
lying contiguous to each other, and not exceeding
in the aggregate eighty acres, upon making proof I
of such possession and improvements, and pay- i
ingfor such lots the sum of one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre, within six months after public
notice shall be given of the time and place for
making such proof and payment.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall cause
the military reserve of FortCrawford,in the coun-
ty of Crawford, in the same State, to be surveyed
and disposed of in the manner prescribed in the
first and second sections of this act for the dispo-
sition of the Fort Howard Reserve.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. XCV1II.—An Act for a Grant of Lands to
the State of Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid
in the Construction of certain Railroads and
Telegraphs in said State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, granted
to the State of Kansas, for the purpose of aiding
in the construction: first, of a railroad and tele-
graph from the city of Leavenworth, by the way
of the town of Lawrence, and via the Ohio City
crossing of the Osage river, to the southern line
of the State, in the direction of Galveston bay in
Texas, with a branch from Lawrence by the val-
ley of the Wakarusa river, to the point on the
Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe railroad where
said road intersects the Neosho river. Second,
of a railroad from the city of Atchison, via To-
peka, the capital of said State, to the western line
of the State, in the direction of Port Union and
Santa Fe, New Mexico, with a branch from where
this last-named road crosses the Neosho, down
said Neosho valley to the point where the said
first-named road enters the said Neosho valley;
every alternate section of land,designated by odd
numbers, for ten sections in width on each side
of said roads and each of its branches. But in
case it shall appear that the United States have,
when the lines or routes of said road and blanches
are definitely fixed, sold any section or any part
thereof, gianted as aforesaid, or that the right of
preemption or homestead settlement has attached
to the same, or that the same has been reserved
by the United States for any purpose whatever,
then it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be selected, for the purposes
aforesaid, from the public lands of the United
States nearest to tiers of sections above specified,
so much land, in alternate sections or parts of sec-
tions, designated by odd numbers, as shall be
equal to such lands as the United States have sold,
reserved, or otherwise appropriated, or to which
the rights of preemption or homestead settlements
have attached as aforesaid; which lands,thus in-
dicated by odd numbers and selected by direction
of the Secretary of the Interior as aforesaid, shall
be held by the State of Kansas for the use and
purpose aforesaid: Provided, That the land to be
so selected shall in no case be located further than
twenty miles from the lines of said road and
branches: Provided further, That the lands here-
by granted for and on account of said roads and
branches severally, shall be exclusively applied
in the construction of the same, and for no other
purpose whatever, and shall be disposed of only
as the work progresses through the same, as in
this act hereinafter provided: Provided, also, That
no part of the land granted by this act shall be ap-
plied to aid m the construction of any railroad or
part thereof for the construction of which any pre-
vious grant of land or bonds may have been made
by Congress: And provided further, Thatany and
all lands heretofore reserved to the United States,
by any net of Congress, or in any other manner
by competent authority, for the purpose of aiding
inany object*&f internal improvement, or for any
other purpose whatsoever, be, and the same are
hereby, reserved to the United States from the
operations of this act, except so far as it may be
found necessary to locate the routes of said road
and branches through such reserved lands; in
which case the right of way only shall be granted,
subject to the appiovai of the President of the
United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which, by such
grant, shall remain to the United States, within
ten miles on each side of said road and brandies,
shall not be sold for less than double the min-
imum price of the public lands when sold; nor
shall any of said lands become subject to sale at
private entry until the same shall have been first
offered at public sale to the highest bidder, at or
above the increased minimum price,as aforesaid:
Provided, That actual and bona fide settlers, under
the provisions of the pieemption and homestead
laws of the United States, may, after due proof of
settlement, improvement, cultivation, and occu-
pation, as now provided by law, purchase the
same, at the increased minimum price aforesaid:
And provided, also5 That settlers on any of said
reserved sections, under the provisions of the
homestead law, who improve, occupy, and culti-
vate the same for a period of five years, and com-
ply with the several conditions and requirements
of said act, shall be entitled to patents for an
amount not exceeding eighty acres each, anything
in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted to said State shall be sub-
ject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof, for
the purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the said
railroads and branches shall be and remain public
highways, for the use of the Government of the
United States, free from all toll or other charge
upon the transportation of any property or troops
of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further ^enacted, That the lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of
by said State only in manner following, that is to
say: when the Governor of said State shall certify
to the Secretary of the Interior that any twenty
consecutive miles of either of said road or branches
is completed in a good, substantial, and work-
manlike manner, as a first-class railroad, and the
said Secretary shall be satisfied that said State has
complied in good faith with this requirement,the
said State may cause to be sold all the lands
granted as aforesaid situated opposite to and with-
in a limit of ten miles of the line of said section of
road thus completed, extending along the whole
length of said completed section of twenty miles
of load, and no further. And when the Governor
of said State shall certify to the Secretary of the
Interior, and the Secretary shall be satisfied, that
another section of said roads or branches, twenty
consecutive miles in extent, connecting with the
preceding section, is completed as aforesaid, the
said State may cause to be sold all the lands
granted and situated opposite to and within the
limit of ten miles of the line of said completed sec-
tion of road, and extending the length of said sec-
tion, and so, from time to time, until said roads
and branches are completed. And when the Gov-
ernor of said State shall so certify, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall be satisfied, that the whole
of said roads and branches and telegraph are com-
pleted in a good, substantial, and workmanlike
manner, as first-class railroads and telegraph, the
said State may cause to be sold all the remaining
lands granted and selected for the purposes indi-
cated in this act situated within the said limits of
twenty miles from the line thereof throughout the
entire length of said road and branches: Provided,
That if any part of said roads and branches is not
completed within ten years from the passage of
this act, no fuither sale shall be made, and the
lands unsold shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 5. And be il further enacted, That the Uni-
ted States mail shall be transpoi ted over said roads
and branches, under the direction of the Post
Office Department, at &uch price as Congress may
by law direct: Provided, That until such price is
fixed by law the Postmaster General shall have
the power to determine the same.
Approved, March 3, 1S63.
Chap. XCIX.—An Act making Appropriations
for the current and contingent Expenses of the
Indian Department, and for fulfilling Treaty
Stipulations with various Indian Tribes, for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America inCongrcss
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of paying the current asd contingent
