en
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
money invested in bonds of the United States is
free from State taxation. That is one of the in-
ducements we hold out to the people to buy our
bonds, and isnotan objection to the system. The
"bonds will be free from State taxation, whether
"they are deposited here or whether they are efmong
the people. If they arc deposited here, the Uni-
ted States takes two per cent. off. If they are
among the people, we do not tax them at all. The
operation of this bill is to bring the tax into the
national Treasury without taking a dollar from
the States. Is not that clear and obvious?
Sir, I do not believe that there is anything in this
scheme so mischievous and dangerous as the hon-
orable Senator seems to think. It may,although
I do not think it will, affect a little the operations
of local banks, if they should attempt to come into
it too hastily. The new associations may be, and
probably will be, first organized in the large cities.
1 know, sir, from the position I have occupied
in connection with the bill, that many capitalists
"who are now holders of United States bonds, and
who will purchase other bonds, will go into this
scheme of banking in the large cities, in the State
of Ohio, and in several other States. I have no
doubt, and I venture my prediction with great dif-
fidence against that of the honorable Senator, that
within six months from this time, during which
we are certainly not likely to have peace, fully
$50,000,000 worth of the bonds will be withdrawn
from the open market,and will be deposited here
at the Treasury, thus making way for another
$50,000,000,and tothat extent United States notes
will be issued in place of the local bank currency.
This currency will gradually, quietly supersede
the local money, without affecting or deranging
any of the ordinary operations of life.
The honorable Senator seems to think that the
winding up of these State banks is one of those
direful calamities that will carry a scouige. Every
twenty years they are wound up. The experience
of this country has shown that in twenty years the
whole banking circulation is lost in the hands of
the people; the statistics show it. In 1815, nearly
the whole of it was swept away. How many
bunks survived the panic in those times? They
are wound up by the losses and by the incidents
of the banking business. K is hazaidous. In
twenty years they are wound up by bankiuptcy;
but ordinarily they are wound up by the States.
In Ohio our banking laws extend to but twenty
years. I do not know whether that is the case
in New England or not; but in Pennsylvania,
New York, and I believe in many of the States,
the very duration of a bank is but for twenty
years. It cannot live longer. Here we provide
a way by which these banks may, at their own
will and pleasure, taking" their own time as they
choose, gradually pass from one system into the
other without disturbing or deranging any of their
relations. They need not collect their loans, they
need not change their, discounts; their ordinary
operations may go on.
I again appeal to the Senate to show me a better
system before this is destroyed. I endeavored to
prove yesterday that there is no power to limit
the issue of the paper money of the Government
unless by the sale of bonds and furnishing a mar-
ket for bonds. The honorable Senator agrees
with me in that. I am very glad that he and I
•agree in something. You cannot stop the issue
of legal tender notes in some form or other unless
by the sale of your interest-bearing bonds; and
you cannot convert those bonds into money rap-
idly enough to carry on the Government without
the benefit of some such agencies as are provided
by this bill. The advantage of this whole system
is, that if it fail no harm is done. If it succeeds,
it cannot succeed except by securing the purchase
of United States bonds, and that is just the very
thing we wish now to accomplish. I therefore
do regard this measure as of the highest import-
ance to maintain the national credit, furnish a
market for our bonds, furnish our people with a
national currency; and I see in it none of the dan-
gers to which the honorable Senator adverts.
Mr. COLLAMER. In reply to the honorable
Senator 1 have to say, in the first place, that I
have been very unfortunate in my expressions,
or he not very attentive to them. He says that
all my sympathies are for the local banks. I be-
gan and I ended by saying that the fate of the
banks was a matter of no sort of consequence to
me. My sympathy is not for the banks; but if
you compel the banks to wind up their business
and collect all that is due to them, and they have
nothing of any great amount except the securities
on which they accommodate the people with
money, those securities must be put into suit, ac-
tions brought on them, collections enforced, and
thus the people will be subjected to inconvenience
and damage. My sympathy is for the distress
that will be occasioned to the community, and the
derangement of the whole of our business which
an experiment of this kind wilTnecessaiily pro-
duce. That is what occasions my feeling on the
subject, not the fate of the banks themselves. It
is a misrepresentation of me to say that I have
been excited entirely by sympathy for the banks.
It is altogether otherwise.
In the next place, the Senator says that the
Government cannot stop issuing its paper as cur-
rency unless by selling the bonds. If the estab-
lishment of the banks contemplated by this bill
would check our granting circulation to any more
paper, it might be worth while to enter upon it;
but you will perceive that when an association
brings here $100,000 of bonds, you give them all
but ten per cent, of that amount to circulate in
notes. You do not withdraw so much from the
circulation by getting the $100,000 in, but you
send $90,000 right out at the time you take the
$100,000 in. Therefore, the idea that you are
withdrawing circulation in a great measure, in
proportion to the stocks that you get in on this
business, is altogether fallacious; it is not true.
Further, it will be observed that when you au-
thorize the new banks to issue $90,000 for every
$100,000 of bonds brought in, to the amount of
$300,000,000 altogether, you do not provide that
the United States, in the mean time, shall not
themselves put out any more legal tender notes.
If you made such a provision as that, it would
be worth something; but you may go on, if the
occasion requires it, issuing the same amount of
Treasury notes for circulation that you would if
these institutions had never been created. There
is just the same hazard of an excess, just the
same hazard of a depreciation; it does not check
it in the least. If there was a provision in this
bill that, so far as parties brought in Treasury
notes, converted them into bonds, and deposited
those bonds in the Treasury, we would keep
those notes and issue no others in their place, it
might do; but there is nothing "of that kind in
the bill. They may pick up §100,000 of Treas-
ury notes, bring them to the Tieasury,get bonds
for them, deposit the bonds and leceive $90,000
of notes to circulate in place of those they bring
in, and yet we the very next day can reissue
those §100,000 of notes. It therefore does not
furnish any security against their being an ex-
cess of circulation; and the pretense that it does
is fallacious.
The Senator again repeats his lemaik about the
Cabinet. I said before all I wish to say on that
point. I will only now remark further, that if that
statement of the Senator's was not intended to
produce an influence on the minds of his heaters,
I know not why it was made. He says that the
people in his part of the country are in favor of
this scheme. I know he thinks so; but 1 do not
think so; and 1 believe 1 am confnmed in this by
the opinions of men of as much experience and
as careful observers of public opinion as he is.
He says it is in favor with the people. I doubt
it. I know that the city banks which have no
ciiculation to tax aiepeifectly willing to subsidize
the whole count) y to them. I know that news-
papers here and there talk in favor of this scheme;
but we all know how that is. Leading papcis in
New England expressed their own views in the
beginning decidedly against it, but many of them
are now for it. w e ail know how that change
has been produced.
Again, the Senator seems to think that I am
mistaken as toths poweis which maybe used as
political powers, vested by this bill m the Secie-
tary of the Ticasiuy. He docs not deny the fact
to be so, but he has the idea that when you clothe
an officer with great powers you do him no favor.
That depends entirely upon what sort of man he
is. The distribution of patronage, the Senator
says, weakens the man that has it in his hands.
That depends upon how judiciously he uses it.
In some men's hands I know it is a two-edged
sword, but in other men's hands it is a sharp, a
powerful instrument which is used-with potent
effect. I said that if a Secretary of the Treasury
was disposed to use the powers conferred by this
bill, they would be exceedingly dangerous—larger
powers than were ever granted in this Govern-
ment before to anybody.
The gentleman keeps talking that this bill does
not destroy the country banks. I know it. 1 have
said so. Does the gentleman really mean to say
now, "I want you to pass this bill; it does not
tax your banks," and when the other bill comes
up, having passed this, to tell us, " now you
must pass this in order to carry my other bill into
effect ?" He may think it very ingenious so to
contrive that we shall fall between two stools of
his own setting up; but I hardly think anybody
will be obfuscated by such a contrivance as that.
It is vain for the gentleman to tell me the bill does
not mean to injure the country banks. The very
purpose avowed in it is to destroy them; it can-
not be carried out without destroying them.
That bungs mo to make a remark on the amend-
ments proposed by the Senator from New York,
which I have not carefully read; they have not
been printed, I believe, and were only read*once
at the desk. The amount of' thorn is, that any ex-
isting bank having United Slates stocks may come
here, deposit these stocks, and take out eighty per
cent, of the amount of the bonds in circulating
notes; and that, the Senator from Ohio says, is a
step towards enabling the banks to come into this
scheme. Is it? Here is a bank in the State of
New Yotk, founded upon their system of bank-
ing, that has got some .United States stocks, say
$50,000. It deposits them, and takes out eighty
per cent, of the amount in these circulating bills.
Does that make it a bank under this bill? Not at
all. Does it require them to comply with any of
the conditions mentioned in this bill: Not at all.
Does it subject them to visitation and inspection
of their concerns? Not in the least. Does it trans-
form them into banks under this bill, even if they
should go on doing that from year to year until
they got every dollar of their capital in United
States stocks, and took out circulating notes heie?
When would they cease to be State institutions,
and when would they become United States in-
stitutions? At what stage would the transform-
ation take place? It would be like the gentleman's
contiivance about taxation, falling between two
stools. They wouldnotbeoneortheothor. They
could no longer be visited by the bank inspector
of the State, and be under the direction of the
bank superintendent of New York, because they
are circulating bills based on stocks deposited
here, and they would not be under the visitation
of our Comptroller of the Currency, because they
were not organized under this act, and they diu
not agree to come under it by simply depositing
bonds here and taking circulating notes. That
plan cannot be worked into a getting gradually
under this bill. They never would get under it.
They never could get under it gradually. 1 view
that proposition, which the gentleman did not ob-
ject to, as a tub thrown to the whale in some way
or other to satisfy the New York people. Per-
haps he will get a vote by it. It may enable some
gentleman to offer some sort of excuse for voting
for the bill. The thing was put in here I suppose
to get votes. It is good for nothing for any other
purpose; but if there is anythingin it, it isan aban-
donment of the principle of the bill. The prin-
ciple of the bill is that your associations shall be
under the control and visitation of this' Govern-
ment. The State banks, under the amendment of
the Senator from New York, are not to be, and it
implies that they are to go on under their former
organization,and nottobc wound up. It is utterly
inconsistent with the whole bill; and hence 1 say
it is a sort of a tub to the whale to accommodate
somebody's feelings.
The Senator seems continually to insist that
the two per cent, tax is no more than the tax im-
posed on the new banks under this bill. I have
bhown the great inequality between the two, and
the gentleman, in attempting to answer me, care-
fully avoidsshowingthe equality between the two.
Docs he attempt to answer what I have shown is
the inequality ? He says the banks created under
this bill can well afford to pay two per cent, for
j the privileges conferred upon them. Grant it.
I; Then he says the others can afford to pay two
per cent, and have no privileges. Is that equal ?
The one can escape State taxation to the amount
of two per cent, on the capital paid in; the other
