BIB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can be
done at this stage only by the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate. If there be no objection, that :
modification will be made. That modification is
made, there being no objection.
Mr. POWELL. I offer an amendment as an
additional section:
jtjui he it further enarted, That Congrec? reserves the right
at any time to amend, alter, or repeal tins act.
I offer the amendment as a matter of security.
I think we have the power now, but I know there
is a contrariety of opinion on that subject, and if
such a scheme as this is to be thrown on the
country, I think we ought expressly in the law
to reserve the right to alter, amend, or repeal it,
so as to put it beyond any doubt.
The amendment was agreed to. «
The bill was teported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. POWELL. I desire now to renew the
amendment I offered in Committee of the Whole,
requiring these banks to keep in their vaults one
fourth of the amount of their issues in coin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jindbc it further cnacted, That each and every banking
association organized under this act shall bo, and is here-
by, required to keep in its vaults in gold and silver coin at
all times an amount equal to at Jca t one fourth of the
amount of notes it is; authorized to issue.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Mosses. Carlile, Davis, Foot, Grimes, Hender-
son, Howard, Latham, Powell, Rice, Uichard*on, SauN-
bury. Trumbull, Tui pie, Wall, and Wilson of Missouri—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Clark, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle,
Fessenden, Foster, Harlan, Hams, Hick*-, Howe, ICing,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mm nil, Pomeroy, Sher-
man, Sumner,Ten tiyck, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmut, aod
Wilson of Massachusetts—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to renew the amend-
ment that I oifeied in committee, requiring these
banks to pay their issues in coin twelve months
after the war shall cease. I desire to modify that
amendment so as to require them at the end of
twelve months after the war is over to payvfifty
per cent, in coin, and at the end of two years to
redeem the notes entirely in coin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as it is before the Chair.
The Secretary read as follows:
Jhtd l>c it further cnaclcd, That twelve months after the
present war .«hall cease, each and every hanking RfSocia-
tiori organized under this act shall redeem the notes it may
issue, upon presentation in regular banking hoard, in gold
or silver coin.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky whether, having put in a clause
that Congress can amend the law at any time,
that is not sufficient. Is it not wiser to leave the
subject of the resumption of specie payments
open for further legislation ? We know that in
England, in the historical case I gave yesterday,
Parliament interfered to prevent the resumption
of specie payments, and the sudden contraction
which would have followed, i think it would be
much wiser to leave it for future action. I have
no doubt that when the war is over specie pay-
ments will be lesumed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThoChairwill
ask the Senator from Kentucky to step to the
Cleik's desk, to indicate his modification of the
former amendment.
Mr. POWELL. I will let it stand just as it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that no restriction
of this kind will be adopted. Surely we do not
want to make these notes better than the United
States demand notes. If the United States pays
its notes at that time in gold and silver coin, as a
matter of course these bank notes will be paid in
gold and silver coin. You ait; proposing to re-
quire that of the banks which you do not require
of your own Government. I hope, therefore, the
restriction will not be put on, though I have no
doubt that specie payments will be resumed at the
end of the war.
Mr. POWELL. I think it very important that
this restriction should be put on. 1 he Senator
from Ohio declared in the opening speech he made
on this bill yesterday or the day before, that at the
end of the war all these notes would be redeemed
in coin. Well, sir, in this amendment I propose
that twelve months after the war shall cease they
shall be paid in coin. I regard it as a very im-
portant amendment to be putin the law now, and
I do not wish to wait for future Congresses to make
it the law. I well know the influenoe that this
bank system will have if it shall extend through-
out this country. I know they will have a vast
influence. They will have their lobbyists from
every State and district perhaps in this Congress
to prevent any healthy improvement of this bill.
It will be vastly to their interest to redeem their
issues in a depreciated currency to the damage and
the injury of the people and the whole commerce
of the country. I do not, for one, desire to be
forced to contend against that influence hereafter.
I wish to put the provision in the law before we
pass it. There is no doubt to my mind that it will
have a very healtlry influence, it will cause these
bank bills, if they shall be issued, to be received
by the people with more confidence. As it is, they
are only to be redeemed in all time to come in a
paper currency which is now vastly depreciated.
1 venture to say that such a banking system never
was proposed on the face of the earth before. It
is rags, nothing but rags. The banksare to issue
the notes solely upon the credit of a Government
bond—a rag; the note itself is a rag, and if you
present it at the bank counter for redemption you
get a rag. They aie all depreciated rags. Is that
the kind of currency you are going to throw out
to this people? I trust not.
There have been many amendments offered
that I thought would improve the bill. The Sen-
ator from Michigan offered several yesterday, all
of which were voted down. It seems that the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and those who act with him, are
determined that the word " coin" shall not be in-
troduced into this bank bill at all. Sir, when a
year after the war closes shall have elapsed, we
shall have the right to repeal this clause if it shall
be put in. It will give xredit to your notes; it
will give confidence to the country. I wish it to
be in for that purpose. 1 believe the bill will be
attended with the most disastrous results; it will
be so in many States; I know, so far as my own
State is concerned, it will utterly ruin our finan-
cial system if this bill passes, and the other bill
that is at the back of it, to tax the notes of the
State banks, and compel them to be withdrawn
from circulation. In the State of Kentucky, a
huge portion ofourpublic revenue is derived from
the tax on bank stocks and dividends of bank
stocks. They constitute the larger portion of our
sinking fund of the State, dedicated by our con-
stitution to pay off our public indebtedness; and
itis that sinkingfund which has held up the credit
of Kentucky. We do not wish to depart from our
banking institutions. They are interwoven with
our polity. They have heretofore proved highly
useful. Our people have confidence in them. They
will have none in the issues of these banks that
you pi opose to create, unless they are guarded in
a manner that this bill is not. As 1 said yester-
day, our bank notes arc at a premium of three
per cent, over the currency that you call money
of the United States, and that is to bo the money
in which the issues of these banks are to be re-
deemed. In the city of New York, yesterday,
the bank notes of that city sold for three per cent,
premium over your greenbacks, and you wish to
drive out a better currency, one that the people
are familiar with, one that they have confidence
in, and substitute a currency that is now far be-
low that which you wish to drive out. Is that
your policy? in no view of the case, sir, can I
come to the conclusion that there is any sound
system in this measure. 1 do hope that the amend-
ment { have proposed may be adopted, and upon
it I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 22; as follows:
YtiAS—Me^iN. Caiiile, Collamer, Davi«, Foot. Hender-
son, Kinjr, Latham. Powell, Rice, Richardson, Saulshuiy,
Turpi''. Wall, and Wilson ot Missouri—i 1.
IV A ^ S— Me^r-s. Arnold. Clark, Cowan, Dixon, Fcssen-
den. F<)>tei,Giime-s, Ilailan, Harris, Ilick^. Ilowaid, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas Morrill, Poimnoy, Shennan,
Sumner. Ten Evck, Tiumlmll, Wade, Wihnot, and Wil-
son of Massachusetts—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not rise
to detain the Senate but for a moment; nor do I
propose to present any particular considerations
of the various provisions of the bill now before
us; but I rise to state very briefly, and with the
utmost respect to the committee from which this
bill emanates, the reasons which will govern me
in giving a negative vote on the final passage of
the bill.
The scheme embodied in this bill for carrying
on banking business does not accord with my
ideas of a safe circulating medium. The scheme
does not contemplate the use of one dollar of gold
or silver coin as the basis for the support of this
immense circulation. But the sole basis upon
which the credit of that circulation is to rest,
according to the scheme, is the credit of the
bonds which the United States may feel itself from
time to time obliged to issue. What may be
the credit of that description of paper at this
time I am unable to say; nor is it at all neces-
sary that I should define what it is. It is suffi-
cient for me to know the credit of that kind of
paper is far below gold and silver, and we have
no assurance that that credit is likely to rise in
any considerable degree hereafter. Certainly,
there is nothing in the present aspect of our for-
eign affairs that holds out to us any encouraging
hope on this subject; so that the very basis of
this circulation is to be and remain the bonds of
the United States. It rests upon no specie basis,
and I hold that any circulating medium which
does not rest upon the precious metals for its sup-
port, and which is not at the convenience and wiil
of the holder convertible into specie or its equiv-
alent, is a vicious and fatal principle of- banking.
The policy of my own State upon the subject
of banking is, as I regard it, obligatory upon me
in giving the vote which I shall now give. In that
State, during its early history, we were afflicted
and cuised for long months and years with an irre-
deemable currency issued by a very great number
of petty banks that were instituted in various
parts of the State under what was called a gen-
eral bankrupt law. The experience of that State
led them, when forming their constitution in 3850,
to declare in so many words:
" That the Legislature shall pass no law authorizing or
sanctioning a su^pen^ion of specie payment* by any per-
son, association, or coiporation."
It is under that Constitution that our present
banks, few in number, to be sure, exist. 1 regard
it as the settled sentiment of the people of my State
against that system of banking which allows the
circulation of a bank undersuspension, or which is
not convertible into gold and silver at the will of
the holder; I regard that principle as fully settled
by the constitution of my State, and I do not feel
at liberty upon this occasion to depart from it in
the vote which I am about to give.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Do they
pay in gold and silver now ?
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose they do when it
is called for. If they do not they are liable to be
wound up in chancery at the suit of a creditor at
any time.
Mr. President, the bill under consideration con-
templates another thing which I regard as ex-
tremely unfortunate, especially at this time. It
contemplates a general revolution in the banking
and currency system of this country; and it is
admitted by its advocates as being intended to
bring about an extinguishment of all the State
banks by means of the machinery which is to be
employed under the provisions of the bill. What-
ever I may think of the expediency of creating
State banks for the purpose of supplying a circu-
lation; whatever might be my views, if it wereaji
original question as to the power of the States to
issue a currency for circulation through the me-
dium of bank charters; I regard this moment as,
of all others, the most unpropitious for inaugu-
rating this warfare upon the State institutions. I
apprehend that we shall gain nothing by it. I ap-
prehend that in the main we shall find that when
this bill shall go into operation we are encounter-
ing the strong, vigorous, persevering, and sturdy
opposition of almost all the State banks that are
in good credit throughout the United States. Why
invite this species of hostility at this time? Why
not be content with the condition of things as it
now is, and not introduce another firebrand of dis-
cord and dissension into the country?
Sir, it is not to be disguised; it ought not to lie
concealed from us; we ought not to allow our-
selves to be blind to the fact, palpable to me-~and
I am not^very easily frightened with any political
issues, having seen something of political war-
