1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fare in the course of my life—that this scheme, if
it shall become a law, will be made the theme of
political discussion arid dissensions throughout
the loyal States. It will enter into our politics at
home, and parties will be formed upon the ques-
tion whether the State banks, many of which have
hitherto furnished an excellent circulating me-
dium to the people, shall be set aside and extin-
guished, and another and a Federal system substi-
tuted in its place, based, not like that of the States,
upon gold and silver in their vaults, but upon a
mere paper capital. 1 can remember quite well the
public discussions that took place in the country
during the administration of President Jackson.
I remember quite well how a certain party—1 do
not know that it has at present any rcprepresent-
ative, collcctive or individual, on the face of the
earth; I think it has not—but I remember very
♦well ho w fierce and furious was that public dis-
cussion upon the subject of the currency; how
much it disturbed all of the relations of business
and of business men; what animosities it created ;
what unkindness of feeling. Sir, do we at such
a time .as this desire to introduce into the politics
of the country another subject of quarrel and dis-
sension? Is this a propitious time to launch this
untried and enormous experiment upon the coun-
try ? Are we acting wisely to do this at a time when
civil war is almost blazing up from the prairies of
Illinois and Indiana, when a portion of some of
the people of the States are almost ready to arm
themselves against the Administration and against
the Government of the United States? I appeal
to the friends of this bill, I appeal to the Repub-
licans of the Senate to reflect well and cautiously
upon the propriety of launching upon this exper-
iment, and thus multiply the issues with which the
countiy is at present distracted.
Sir, I am opposed to the scheme of the bill,
because itignores the great principle which I think
is the only sound principle, that a paper circula-
tion shall be convertible at the will of the holder
into specie. I oppose it because it is likely to
wage a very unnecessary and, I fear, dangerous
war upon the State institutions; and I oppose it
because I deplore the contest which will probably
arise out of it in our local politics.
Mr. CARLILE. If 1'understand the principle
of this bill the bonds are to be deposited with the
Comptroller, or the officer who is the bank officer,
as I will call him, appointed under the bill; and
ninety per cent, of the amount of bonds? so depos-
ited are received by the person depositing, in the
shape of what we commonly call greenbacks to
be used for banking purposes, if that be the pro-
vision of the bill, and J trust the Senator from
Ohio will- correct me if 1 am wrong, let us see
what can be done under it.
We were told by the Senator from Ohio yester-
day that gold was some fifty-six or sixty,per cent,
premium. For the sake of the argument, say it
is sixty per cent. A party with $6,000 in gold
can purchase $15,000of United States bonds under
this bill for the purposes, as it is said, of bank-
ing, and he will receive ninety per cent, of that
§15,000in these legal tender notes; that is, $13,500.
under the law as it now stands he can take those
$13,500 and fund them in twenty year United
States bonds, bearing interest at the rate of six
per cent. Instead of loaning the demand notes
to aid A, B, and C, as he may do as a banking
corporation, he may choose to employ them him-
self in purchasing United States bonds with them.
He then gets §13,500 moie of twenty year United
States bonds. Upon all these bonds, mark you,
sir, the Government allows him to take ninety per
cent, in legal tender notes, and pays him at the
same time six per cent, interest upon the face of
the bonds. Any individual with $6,000 m gold
may in the two deposits draw six per cent, upon
$28,500 Government secuuties; but let him go on.
After making this second deposit of $13,500, he
receives that amount in bonds of the United States !
bearing six per cent, interest, and gets ninety per
cent, of cunency. This £ives htm something
ovl'i §12,000 of twenty year bonds at six per cent,
interest; giving hnn upwaids of $40,(100 for an
actual investment of $6,000 in throe different oper-
ations of this kind. Mr. President, run the calcula-
tion out,and you will find that upon an investment 1j
of $G,UG0 you can draw from the Government of 'i
the United States and be the owner of $100,000 j
of these bonds; thus in one year duuving niteiest j;
upon the bonds equal to the amount of your ori- |j
gmal investment, and that interest, too, paid m .1
coin, with which you started in this purchase.
There is nothing, therefore, in the world to pre-
vent an individual, who chooses to organize un-
der this bill, to make upon an actual investment
of §6,000 an annual interest equal to the amount
invested, and have the Government of the United
States as his creditor, instead of loaning these
notes to A, B, and C throughout the country at
the same rate of interest, to wit: six per cent. It
certainly cannot be the intention of the Senate of
the United States to pass any such enactment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, when the honor-
able Senator from Ohio first indicated this meas-
ure, at the last session of Congress, I expressed
my opposition to it in a few words. I do not in-
tend now to enter into an examination of the bill
or its principles at any length; but simply to ex-
press my decided and unchangedopposition to it.
It has been one of the fundamental principles of
currency for the last five hundred years that gold
and silver are the basis of all wholesome and
sound circulation. The American system of cur-
rency, for the last half century and more, has been
a mixed one; but it has been regarded heretofore
as one of the essential principles of currency; that
wherever paper entered into it at all, it should be
a paper convertible into gold and silver at the will
of the holder. Under General Jackson's admin-
istration, when the public, deposits were removed
from the United States Bank, a different principle
was then endeavored to be established; and that
was, to form a purely metallic currency; to ex-
clude, as far as possible, a paper currency entirely.
If the choice was offered tome between a metallic
currency wholly, and such a currency as this
measure will introduce, I should prefer the first,
although I have always been an advocate for the
old United States Bank, and for a mixed currency,
consisting partly of gold and silver and partly of
paper, but the paper to be always convertible; and
whenever its convertibility ceased, that it should
no longer be allowed as a circulating medium.
This is the proper responsibility of all paper cir-
culation .
Mr. President, the greatest departure from these
principles of currency that I have ever known is
the measure now proposed. What is to be the
basis of this banking system? The bonds of the
United States. What are those bonds now worth
in the maiket in gold and silver? They were yes-
terday in the city of New York at a discount of
fifty-three p«>r cent.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; gold was at that
premium; but they were not at that discount.
That is a different thing.
Mr. DAVIS. \Ve 11^ this is the effect at any
rate: that it takes $153 in these bonds to buy $100
in gold and silver. Will that do?
Mr. CHANDLER. That is it.
Mr. DAVIS. Wc understand that plain corn-
field proposition then. 1 am not a financier and
never was, and my honorable friend from Mich-
igan is. But when I have to give §153 in green-
backs for $100 in gold, I know that the green-
backs are not so good by that difference as gold.
I understand that much.
Here is the point: wc propose to establish a
Governmentsystem of banking upon the grandest
scale that has ever yet been conceived among any
people of the world. It is proposed to issue
$300,000,000ofgrcenbaeks,and to distribute them,
according to the principle of free banking, among
all the associations of n 11 the States that may choose
to enter into that system of banking, and apply for
these greenbacks as the basis of their banking
operations. Sir, here is an immense edifice in
which the Congress of the United States sits and
transacts its business; and it covers, I believe, an
area of nearly three acres of ground. This edifice,
in its line, is not of larger proportions than this
banking scheme is in its line. What would have
been thought of the architect of this massive struc- j
ture if he had founded it upon sand which would
certainly sink, and be displaced by the gicat
weight oft he supers tiucture, which would become
:i mm matt: for Baalbec or Palmyra ? Inniyopin- '
ion it would not have been greater tolly than this ■
proposition to base at least two thousand sepa-
rate banking institutions upon a pap^r circulation
which is worth, as compared with gold, as 153 is '
to 100, and which is never to beiedeemcd in that!
medium. If that is not introducing at once the j
mostextravigaut and gigantic system of banking ,
upon the most 3pui'iou& p< maples, I have no idea
of what it is. But everything now is gigantic;
giganticrebellion, giganticarmics, gigantic taxes,
gigantic usurpations, and gigantic humbug.
Sir, about the time we had the great national
dispute in relation to the removal of the deposits
from the United States Bank, and the question of
specie currency and of mixed currency, there was
then inculcated another principle that was thought
to be of much importance; and that was, that the
power of the purse and the power of the sword
should never be united in the same hands. That
was an old anti-Jackson principle; a|id I presume
that many gentlemen, Senators ana Representa-
tives, who are now giving their sanction to this
scheme then avowed their ad vocacy of the principle
to keep the power of the sword and the purse en-
tirely separate. That principle is now about to
be repudiated in this scheme, and the two powers
are to be united. There is a semblance of some
check upon the executive branch of the Govern-
ment over the Comptroller, and consequently over
the administration of this scheme, by a provision
in one of the sections that he shall be removed
only with the concurrence of the Senate. The
necessity of this concurrence of the Senate in re-
moving officers is repudiated by most uf the gen-
tlemen here; and that is the practice of th<; Gov-
ernment, and it has been the practice since the first
session of Congress. What do gentlemen mean
by proposing such a restriction as that in this
bank charter? I contend that the President has
not the power to remove from office according to
the Constitution without the concurrence of the
Senate; but still, if he lias that power, this pro-
vision and restriction will both be disregarded.
The consequence will be that this Comptroller of
the Currency will hold his office at the will and
pleasure of the.President. He will have super-
vision, surveillance, and right of visitation overall
the two thousand banks that may be established
under this law; and in that way his power and
the power of the President and of the General
Government will extend through all the States
over all their currency, over all their pecuniary
interests and their moneyed operations.
Sir, against such a union of the power of the
purse and the sword, I will enter my protest at
least. I think it is the most stupendous and the
most dangerous scheme of policy that was ever
introduced into any deliberative assembly. I was
struck with a remark made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] " that this
measure would divide the fricntU of the Admin-
istration and the Union." This is claimed to be
a war measure. In my opinion it will turn out
to be an anti-war measure, and an anti-war meas-
ure of as much efficacy and force as could pos-
sibly be presented. Who arc the advocates of this
scheme? It is this Administration and its friends;
not all of its friends in either House, but the pa-
ternity and the responsibility of this measure will
be remitted exclusively to the Administration and
its fiiends. They will have to assume all of its
responsibility before the country, and to them all
of its consequences will be justly and truthfully
attributed by the people. As the Senator from
Vermont demonstrated this mf>rning in his speech
which has not been answered, and which, in my
judgment, cannot be answei ed—it was' as conclu-
sive and powerful a refutation of this measure
as any measure ever was refuted by any argu-
ment—he proved conclusively that this is a great
measure of hostility to the State banks, and that
one of its piincipal purposes and designs was
the utter overthrow of all the State banks. Sir,
when that is the purpose of the measure, and it is
to be administered with a view to those results,
to repeat the interrogatory put by the honorable
Senatoi from Michigan, how can its supporters
expect any other results from it than that it will
divide their friends in the loyal States, and divide
them to an extentand to an amount of feeling and
intensity that no other measure could possibly
di\ ide them ?
Sir, gentlemen may shut their eyes and under-
standings against the con sequences of such a meas-
ure, but that will not prevent the consequences
from connnir. My experience teaches me this as
a general rule in iclation to all parties: they do
not proceed to pass party measures upon consid-
eiation, upon inquiry for truth, upon the exercise
of reason or of discretion at all—I make the re-
maik generally—hut they move like a herd of
buffalo on the piairies. They follow their leaders
or tlse those who have the enterprise to take the
lead. The whole herd follows them in wild and
