1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
Laws of the United States.
3Tth Cong....3d Sess.
of each of the head chiefs of the Walla-Walla,
Cayuse, and Umatilla bands, the sum of five hun-
dred dollars per annum, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for salary for
the son of Pio-pio-mox-mox, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
hundred dollars.
Yakima Nation.
For fourth of five installments for beneficial ob-
jects, at the discretion of the President, per fourth
articlo treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of two schools, one of which is to be an
agricultural and industrial school; keeping in re-
pair school buildings, and for providing suitable
furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching and
two tcachers, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty~five, nine
thousand four hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and floui ing mills, and for furnish-
ing the necessary tools and fixtures, per fifth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the hospital, and providing the neces-
sary medicines and fixtures therefor, per fifth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the pay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings required for the various
employes, and for providing the necessary fur-
niture therefor, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For, fourth of twenty installments for the sal-
ary < ( such person as the said confederated tribes
find bands of Indians may select to be their head
chief, per fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen
hundied and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
JVes Perce Indians.
For fourth of five installments for beneficial
objects, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of two schools, one of which to be an agri-
cultural and industrial school; keeping in repair
school buildings, and for providing suitable fur-
niture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching and
two tcachers, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keeping
in icpair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths',
carpenters', and wagon and plow makers' shops,
and for providing necessary tools therefor, per
fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming, and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnish-
ing the necessary tools and fixtures therefor, per
fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the hospital, and providing the neces-
sary medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings for the various employes,
and* for providing the nccessary furniture there-
for, per fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the salary
of such person as the tribe may select to be their
head chief, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
Flatheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For the last four installments on one hundred
and twenty thousand dollars for beneficial objects,
at the discretion of the President, per fourth arti-
cle treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, keep-
ingin repair the buildings, and providing suitable
furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for providing
suitable instructors therefor, per fifth article treaty
sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths', car-
penters', and wagon and plow makers' shops,
and providing nccessary tools therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollais.
For fourth of twen-ty installments for the em-
ployment of two farmers, two millers, one black-
smith, one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter,
and one wagon and plow maker, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, seven thousand four hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnish-
ing the nccessary tools and fixtures therefor, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
_ Far fourth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the hospital, and providing the neces-
sary medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three'liundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the buildings required for the various em-
ployes, and furnishing necessary furniture there-
for, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the jiay
of each of the head chiefs of the Flathead, Ivoo-
tcnay, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes, pcrfifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, fifteen hundred dollars.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians in Mid-
dle Oregon.
For fourth of five installments of eight thousand
dollars for beneficial objects, at the discretion of
the President, per second article treaty twenty-
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For fourth of fifteen installments for pay and
subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and
| fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for pay and
j subsistence of one physician, one sawyer,_ one
miller, one superintendent of farming operations,
| and one school teacher, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five thousand six hundred dollars-
For fourth of twenty installments for payment
of salary of the head chief of said confederated
bands, per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth June-,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred do!4
'ars" Mold Indians.
For fourth of ten installments for keeping ill
repair saw and flouring mills, and for the pay of
necessary employes, the benefits of which to bo
shared alike by all the confederated bands, per
second article treaty twenty-first December, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For fourth of five installments (in addition to
the installment specified in the treaty of twenty-
ninth November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
with theTJmpquasand CalapooiasofUmpquaVal-
ley) for furnishing iron and steel and other mate-
rials for the smith and tin shops provided for in
said treaty, and for the pay of the necessary me-
chanics, per second article treaty twenty-first De-
cember, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for the pay of a
carpenter and joiner to aid in erecting buildings
and making furniture for said Indians, and to fur-
nish tools in said service, per second article treaty
twenty-first December, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, two thousand dollars.
For pay of teachers to manual labor school, for
all necessary materials therefor, and for the sub-
sistence of the pupils, per second article treaty
tv/enty-first Decern be v^eigh teen hundred and fifty-
five, three thousand dollars.
For fourth of five installments for the pay of
an additional farmer, per second article treaty
twenty-firstDecember,eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, eight hundred dollars.
Qui-nai-elt and Quil-leh-ute Indians.
For first of three installments on twenty-five
thousand dollars for beneficial objects, under the
direction of the President, per fourth article treaty
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand six hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, and
for pay of suitable instructors, per tenth article
treaty first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for support
of smith and carpenter shop, and to provide ihe
necessary tools therefor, per tenth article treaty
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer,
and a physician who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per tenth article treaty first July, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand six
hundred dollars.
S'Klallams.
For first of three installments on sixty thou-
sand dollars, under the direction of the President,
perfifth article treaty twenty-sixth January, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand dol-
lars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, and
for pay of suitable teachers, per eleventh article
treaty twenty-sixth January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
a physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, pel-eleventh article treaty twenty-sixth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in New Mexico, presents of agricul-
tural implements, and other useful articles, and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and
i sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized
I life, to be expended under the direction of the
;j Secretary of the Interior, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
Indian Service in the District of Country Leased
j from the Choctaws for the Indians lately residing
in Texas.'
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,'
and furnishing agricultural implements and stock,
pay of necessary employes, purchase of clothing,
