228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
medicine,iron,and steel,establishment and main-
tenance of schools, and building houses for the
Indians lately residing in Texas, in lieu of those
abandoned in that State, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
twenty-two thousand eight hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
For the WicHtas and other Affiliated Bands.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing said bands with agricultural knple-
ments and stock, pay of necessary employes,
purchase of clothing, medicines, iron, and steel,
and maintenance of schools, to be expended un-
ier the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
thirty-seven thousand eight hundred dollars.
Indian Service in California.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in California, including traveling
expenses of the superintending agents, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the removal of Indians, transportation of
goods, purchase of cattle for beef and milk, to-
gether will) clothing and food, teams and farming
tools for Indians for the northern district of Cal-
ifornia, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For two blacksmiths for the northern district
of California, fifteen hundred dollars.
For two physicians for the northern district of
California, two thousand dollars.
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk,
together with clothing and food, teams and farm-
ing tools for Indians for the southern district of
California, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the salaries of clerks to superintendents of
Indian affairs for the northern and southern dis-
tricts of California, three thousand dollars.
For the compensation of five extra clerks em-
ployed in the Indian office, under the acts of fifth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
third March,eighteen hundred and fifty-five,and
under appropriations made from year to year,
seven thousand dollars.
For compensation of one clerk in the Indian
office, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
carry out the regulations prescribed to give effect
to the seventh section of the act of March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, granting bounty
lands to Indians, fourteen hundred dollars.
For compensation of two extra clerks in the
Indian oflice, employed to carry out .the treaty
with the Chicknsaws in the adjustment of their
claims, two thousand eight hundred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and
Michigan, twenty thousand three hundred and
fifty dollars and sixty-two cents.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of Pawnee, Ponca,and
Yaneton Sioux annuity goods and provisions, ten
thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation and delivery of
annuity goods to the Blackfeet Indians for the
year, seventeen thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Chippewas of Lake Superior, five
thousand seven hundred and sixty-two dollars
and sixty-three cents.
For^insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions totheChippewas of the Mississippi, three
thousand eight hundred and eighty-six dollars
and seventy-five cent*.
For expenses attending the vaccination of In-
dians, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dianservicein Oregon and WashingtonTerritory,
including insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and presents, (where no special provision
therefor is made by treaties,) and office traveling
expenses of the superintendent and sub-agents,
thirty-five thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and
eubsistonoo of Indians in Oi egon and Washington
Territory, (not parties to any treaty,) and for pay
of necessary employes, fifty thousand dollais.
Indian Service in Nevada Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Nevada Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Indian Service in Utah Terntory.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Utah Territory, presents of goods,
agriculturalimplements,and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes
and sustain themselves by the pursuits of civil-
ized life, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For three interpreters for Indian service in Utah
Territory, one thousand five-hundred dollars.
Indian Service in Colorado Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Colorado Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes and sustain themselves by the pursuitsof
civilized life, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
Omahas.
For assistant engineer for mill, six hundred dol-
lars.
For pay of assistant miller, three hundred dol-
lars.
For payment to Tah-sah, or White Cow, an
Omaha chief, for horses killed by white settlers,
six hundred and thirty dollars.
For payment of admitted claims of S. C. Web-
ber and J. J. Miller for labor in election of mill
on the Omaha reservation, six hundred and fifty-
eight dollars and fifty cents.
For amount required to reimburse the Blackfeet
and other Indians in dry goods, clothing, hard-
ware, 4uul guns, which were lost in shipment in
the burning of the steamer Chippewa, fourteen
thousand four hundred and four dollars and sev-
enty-seven cents.
Arapahoes and Cheyenne Indians of the Upper Ar-
kansas River.
For third of fifteen installments of annuity of
thirty thousand dollars to be expended for their
benelit, that is to say: fifteen thousand dollars per
annum for each tube, commencing with the year
in which they shall remove to and settle upon
their reservations, thirty thousand dollars.
For first of five installments to provide th^said
Indians with a mill suitable for sawing timber and
grinding gram, one or more mechanics' shops,
with the necessary tools for the same, and dwell-
ing-houses for an interpreter" miller, engineer for
the mill, (if one be necessary,) farmers, and the
mechanics that may be employed for their ben-
efit, five thousand dollars.
For transportation and necessary expenses of
delivering of annuities, goods, and provisions,
five thousand dollars.
For survey and allotment of lands for the Ara-
pahoe and Cheyenne Indians, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing agricultural implements, teams, seeds,
pay of neccssary employes, purchase of medi-
cines, iron and steel for the establish merit of black-
smith and tin shops for those Indians with whom
treaties have been made, but not ratified, in Ore-
gon, ten thousand dollars.
Ottawa Indians of Blanchard's Fork and Roche de
Bceuf,
For payment of annuity in money, eighteen
thousand dollars.
For the fust of four installments in money, per
fourth article of treaty June twenty-fourth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, eight thousand five
hundred dollars.
For interest on thirty-four thousand dollars at
five per centum per annum, per fourth article
treaty June twenty-four, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, one thousand seven hundred dollars.
For payment for ponies, cattle, and timber stolen
from the Ottawas, reported and approved by Sec-
retary of Interior, thirteen thousand and five dol-
lars and ninety-five cents.
For payment of damages sustained in compli-
ance with the provisionary clause of the tenth ar-
ticle of treaty of June twenty-four, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the salaries of two agents on the Up[p]er
Missouri and the country adjacent thereto,.to be
located under the direction of' the Secretary of the
Interior, three thousand dollars.
To reimburse the loss sustained by the Yaneton
Sioux Indians on the twenty-ninth of August,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, by the sinking of
the steamer J. G. Morrow, four thousand three
hundred and twenty dollars and thirty-eight cents.
For clothing, food, and other necessary expenses
of the Indian service, in Utah Territory, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, for the year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, twenty thousand dollars.
For incidental expenses of the Indian depart-
ment growing out of the extraordinary Indian
troubles duringthe present fiscal year in the north-
western States and Terntoiies, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the salary of an agent for the Ottawas,
Chippewas of Swan Creek, and Black River and
Christian Indians in the State of Kansas, fifteen
hundred dollars: Provided, That said agency shall
continue for one year only.
For carrying into effect the sixth section of the
act making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations, approved
February twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, to satisfy the claims of the half-breeds
to the proceeds of the lands in the Nemaha re-
serve, excluded from such reservations by the
McCoy survey of eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, nineteen thousand six hundred and twenty-
one dollars and twenty-seven cents.
For intercourse with the various Indian tribes
between whom and the United States there exist
no treaty stipulations, including purchase and
transportation of provisions and presents, and to
meet any other expenses requisite to effect treaties
with such tribes, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, and to enable
the Secretary of the Interior, under the direction
of the President of the United States, to enter into
negotiations with Indian tribes for the exchange
of lands, to provide for their removal, to arrange
questions of boundaries between the respective
tribes, and for measures generally for preserving
peace with them, fifty thousand dollars: Provided,
That the said Secretary of the Interior shall re-
port to Congress, at the commencement of its next
session, a statement indicating the disposition
made of the money hereby appropriated: And
provided further, That hereafter all special agents
and commissioners not appointed by the Presi-
dent, shall be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the interior be authorized to dispose of,
at the best price they will bring in the market,
twenty-five thousand dollars of the bonds of the
State of Pennsylvania, purchased with the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the lands of the united bands
of the Weas, Peorias, Kaskaskius, and Pianke-
shaw Indians of Kansas, now in the custody of
the United States belonging to said Indians, or so
many thereof as he may deem necessary for the
purchase of such clothing, food, seed, grain, ag-
ricultural implements or domestic animals, as
may be necessary for the immediate relief of said
Indians, and to enable them to plant a crop, and
appropriate the proceeds of the sales of said bonds
or so much thereof as he may deem necessary for
said purpose: Provided, That said sale shall be
made after three weeks' public notice at the Mer-
chants' Exchange in the city of Philadelphia, to
the highest bidder, and at not less than the mar-
ket price of said bonds in the cities of New York
and Philadelphia: And provided further, That no
special agent or agents shall be employed, nor
shall any such sale be made until after the assent
and approval of said Indians for the sale of their
bonds shall first be obtain* d through thur regular
authorized representatives.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to expend such part of the amount here-
