THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1863.
LIABILITIES*.
Capital Ktook $3,666,400 00
Contingent fund required char-
tor .$74,000 00
Fund to cover bad debts  71,320 2!
Profit and los> alter deducting div-
idend No. 50 ami tax 454,786 71
600,106 95
Dividend4* unpaid J0,038 36
Dividend No, 50.declared this day
2J per cent, and tax  9-1,494 84
  104,533 20 ■
l)u" to banks  1,406,709 39 '
Doc depositors, including State treapuiy 2,255,511 29 I
Circulation *  1,124,943 00 j
$9,158,903 83
A large proportion of lull5* of exchange and discounted
note> toi*foHgtn  to our southern and other branches i<- now
pa^t due, and not yet iciewed, in consequence,mainly,ot
the infoiruptiou of communication in consequence of the
war, the occupation of territory by the rebels, the want of
the necessary revenue stamps, and the general disorgan-
ization of the country
H. A (JillSWOLT), Cashier pro tempore.
Condition of (he Noilhcrn jBank of Kentucky and Branches,
December 31, 1862.
MEAN'S.
Hix per cent, investments, viz:
Hi IK dir-couiitert $1,301,331 90
UilK matured and unpaid  159,481 53
Suspended debt, notes and bills    412,232 12
Cotporation bonds  2,600 00
Railroad f>cnp  *1,867 96
Ileal and personal estate  140.717 91
Loan to State of Kentucky  300^000 00
Hond-j oi tlie j*tate of Kentucky  88,118 75
BilU of exchange 
Tune investment* 
Due from Kentucky and western banks 
State of Kentucky for interest on bonds 
Coutl co>B 
Ca^li means:
In gold and &il\er ,$1,290,560 23
In Kentuckj bank notes and
Trea>un note-? 
On deposit m New York,.Phil-
adelphia, Boston, and Balti-
more 
2.406.
bS4:
15.
30.
470,266 0G
551.759 79
2,312,306 01 ij
.$>3,651,916 02
LIABILITIES.
Capital stock .•52,250.000 00 !
Notes m circulation   1,139,632 00 ,
Due toothei banks  284.561 30 ■
Due to individual depoMtois    1,416,73U 07 ,
Unclaimed dividends      20.'63 06 :
Fund to cover looses,  74,543 78 ,
Contingent fund*, laid aside as lequued b> ;
cbaitcr .  .'545,000 00 '
Piofit arid loss  420,685 81
465,685 SI
.•$5,651.916 02 |
A« above,contingent fund and profit and lo>^, &465,6S5 M
Deduct dividend of three per cent, on capital
Hock declared to-day  $67,500 00
Deduct (iaverninent tax of three
per cent, on amount oi divi-
dend  2,025 00
69,525 00 ! |
l.eaves contingent fund and profit and loss
this da\  $396,160 81
A F. HAWKINS, Caihier. \
That is the condition of these banks.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Well, Mr.
President, I think the Bank of Kentucky makes
a very good exhibit, and the Senator lias taken
the occasion to make a good advertisement for the
bank. Rut the point f wished to get from the
Senator was this: to know what the loans of that
bank were. 1 find there are millions of dollars
due that bank. Every dollar of that indebtedness j
may be paid m the Government greenbacks, and j
if the Government is ruined the bank would be
ruined. In my own State we have, I think,
$64,00(1,000 of banking capital. Wc have, I un- ;
derstand, millions of Gov ernmcnt bonds that our
banks have purchased and now hold. Every dol-
lar of tin ;r loans, to whomsoever made, may be
paid back to these banks in legal tender Treasury ■
notes; and if the greenbacks are not good, the
banks, of course, are ruined. 't
Mr. DAVIS. The question is not vet finally i
56
decided whether the greenbacks are a legal tender
or not.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
made these notes legal tender notes. They are in
the pockets of the people; and judges will pause
long before declaring them illegal. It matters not
whether a bank has invested its capital in Govern*
ment bonds, or whether it has loaned money to
anybody else; evei y dollar that it has loaned may
be paid to the bank in the Government currency.
The bank, therefore, is good for nothing if the
Government is not good for something; and yet
we hear bankers sometimes saying, "our bank
has not taken many of the Government bonds,"
as though they were safer on that account; as
though every dollar they loaned everybody else
is not to be paid to them in the Government legal
tender notes; and their value depends on preserve
ing and maintaining the credit of the Government.
That is the precise position of the banks of this
country to-day. If the Government is not sus-
tained, if it does not maintain its credit, the banks
of the country are ruined, and so are individuals
who iiave large sums of money due them all over
the country ruined*. because they have got to take
the Government lo^al tender noted in payment.
Air. COLLAMER. Then, if the gentleman
will permit me to ask him a question, I will ask
him if the banks are warring on the Government,
and whether the Government is not wairing on
them under this bill?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, I answer the Senator that I do not believe
the banks are waning on the Government. They
have proved in the past that they are not hostile
to the Government, f do not believe the Govern-
ment means to be hostile to them. I believe that
this is a system which will absorb the existing
banking system, and will be for the credit of the
Government now and for the interests of the peo-
ple afterwards, including the banks.
The banks in our section of the country, the
banks in the old commercial States, arestrong and
in a good condition. But, sir,since the beginning
of the war of 1812 the people of this countiy
have lost hundreds* of million^ of dollars mme by
the banks than all the hankmgcapital in this coun-
try to-day. When we came out of the war of 1812,
the banks of the agricultural section of this coun-
try, outside of New England, were swept by the
board. Nearly all the Kentucky banks and the
banks of the Wist went down. You have had
commercial revulsions brought upon this countiy
by bank expansions and bank mismanagement
ovei and ovu again. The country lost hundreds
of millions in 1857 by bank expansions and bank
management; and no w,when wc are issuing Treas-
ury notes in large amounts to the country, the
banks, in older to make good dividends, are ex-
tending their loans and discounts, and their cir-
culation has increased within a year neatly forty
million dollars. It is our duty tp take care of the
credit of the nation, to bring the capital of the
country to the support of the Government, and
to subordinate local interests and personal inter-
ests to the public good. I shall act upon this idea,
and so acting, 1 shell support this measure.
Sir, this bill does not propose to operate with
foice on the existing banks. It will not touch them
unless they choose to be touched by it. It does
not compel them to adopt this system. They are
left free to adopt it if they choose and whenever
they choo.se. That the city banks will speedily
adopt it, that the system will be commended, that
the soundness ot tins currency, its universal value,
will commend it to the people of this country, and
that it will displace the bank circulation, I enter-
tain not a doubt. It will work untold blessings to
the nation. If, now, we use the present condition
and needs of the country to sustain the national
credit, to carry the country through its trials, if
we are enabled in this storm of battle to organize
a currency system that shall combine with the
credit of the nation individual credit also, and thus
have a uniform national currency, we shall save,
in the next thirty years, hundreds of millions of
dollars to the people of the United States.
New Series No. 56.
I vote for the bill with this intention, and I give
no votes to war upon the country banks. I have
seen letteis from the most eminent men of our
country, whose lives have been connected with
commercial and monetary affairs, who believe this
system will work untold blessings to the country,
and-that unless we have something of this kind
we shall be very liable to come out of this contest
vvith a gcnetal prostration of the banking institu-
tions of the land.
I believe that the country is to triumph, that our
credit is to stand. Yes, sir, 1 believe that the coun-
try is to triumph, that every foot of the soil of the
Republic is to be recovered, and to be again under
the folds of our national flag. With alt the dark-
ness that surrounds us, 1 do not see ruin and dis-
aster before us; but 1 think I see the evidences
that we are making progress, that we shall carry
this contest to a successful issue. Then, when
that hour comes, the credit of the Government
will rise at once. If at that hour we have a sound
cuirency, a currency that will everywhere be
sought for as equal to gold and silver, that cur-
rency will supplant the paper of_non-specie pay-
ing local banks. I vote for this bilWas a measure
to sustain the credit of the Government now, to
aid to carry us through this crisis; and I vote for
it also as a measure that is to give this nation what
it has so long demanded—a sound national cur-
rency; a currency that for generations will cover
this land with blessings and benefits.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, this ques-
tion is one of vast importance, and upon it 1 have
notcome to a conclusion without some hesitation,
I do not rise, sir, to make an argument, but I rise
simply to state 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow mc,
and I will move an adjournment. [Oh, no.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 would prefer to go on
with what ] have to say; 1 do not intend to oc-
cupy five minutes. I wish to state some of the
grounds on which I place my vote, without argu-
ing them.
As an original question,under the Constitution,
I would maintain that the States have no consti-
tutional power to issue paper money in any form,
or to incorporate any company to do so; 1 would
maintain, further, that under the Constitution gold
and silvercoinis the only constitutional currency;
but the truth is that the whole history of the coun-
try, and I am constrained to say the decision of
the Supreme Court, in a case arising in Kentucky,
has gone the other way. The Supreme Court,
in the case of Briscoe, decided that the State of
Kentucky could incoiporatea bank that could is-
sue paper money without violating the Constitu-
tion of the country. When the case was first
argued, and Chief Justice Marshall was on the
bench, a majority of the judges were ready to de-
cide the other way; but before the decision was
actually given, the membeis of the court were
changed, and when the decision was announced,
they decided in favor of the constitutional power
of the States to incorporate banks to issue paper
money  
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not going into the
argument.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 merely want to state a fact. The
case to which the Senator refers came up on the
constitutionality of what was called the Common-
wealth's Bank of Kentucky. That was a bank
based not upon specie at all", but, like the present
projet, based entirely on the credit of the State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The point taken was that
the State could not incorporate a company which
could emit hiPs of credit; and it was held, (Justice
Story dissenting from the opinion of the court
when it came to be decided,) m very strong lan-
guage, that the issuing of paper money by banks
was not the emission of bills within the meaning
of the Constitution, and therefore not prohibited.
But, sir, I am not going into the argument of
it. I say the practical effect is, that the history of
the Government and the decision of the court have
given rise to about fifteen hundred or two thousand
banks created under the authority of the States;
