1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
Tlx1 motion was referred, in pursuance of law,
to the. Committee on Printing.
POST OFFICE ACCOUNTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the accounts of the Treas-
urer of the United Slates for the Post Office De-
partment; which were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
LAWS OF COLORADO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
laws of the Territorial Legislature of Colorado;
which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
GRANTING OF A REGISTER.
Mr. WASHBURNE. TheCommitteeon Com-
merce have instructed me to ask the House to pass
a bill to grant a register to a vessel which the Gov-
ernment desire to employ, but which has no Amer-
ican register, I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report a bill to grant a register to
the steamship Karrmk.
There being no objection, the report was re- j
ceived; and the bill received its several readings, i
and was passed. j
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vole by which t'he bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mi. DELANO. I rise for the purpose of re-
minding the House that this is the day which was
set apart by unanimous consent for the transac-
tion of busine.ss pertaining to the District of Co-
lumbia. h is possible that there may be matters
which gentlemen desiie to bring forward which
will give rise to no debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman that any measure which came before
the House could be debated.
Mr. DELANO, Then I call for the regular
order.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HICKMAN". I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion :
Whereas the House of Representative* did on the 15th day
ot December la-,t pass the following resolution, namely:
*'Resolved, That the Commi'-Moner of Agriculture lie di-
rected to inform tin- llou-e at the eiulle-t tiny practicable
of the number of clerks? ami other petrous engaged in the
whole bu.-me^s of the Department, together with the name-?
of the same, the salaries ami p.iv oi earli,tlie naunt oi'their
employment, and theleusrtb «>f time of their respective mt-
vice ; and al-o the amount of inonev expended  iiicp his
appointment tor seed-, plant*, and cutting-, the quantity of
the ditleient kitids, wiih their respective pure*, and where. 1
when, and by whom puicha-ed And wherea- the said
Coniiiii-Monei ha- not mucc furnished the information de-
manded : Therefore,
Resolved, That the Comimt^ioncr of Agriculture he di-
rected to inform tins ilnu>t the reasons for the delay in
communicating the intotmation required by the foiegoing
resolution, and that he be dneeted to furnish the same.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object. The resolution is
inconect in its statements.
USB OF TIIE HALL.
Mr. McKEAN. I ask (he unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved. Tnat the u-e ofthf1 Hall of Representative* be
granted to the United State? Chn-tian Commission on Sun-
day evening. bru.oy instant, for a meeting in aid oi
the soldiei- ot ilie Republic.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I feel constrained to ob-
ject to that resolution.
ORDER OF BUSINESS. j
Mr. DAWES. I desire to inquire if the bust- j
ness of the District of Columbia takes precedence
of the unfinished business of yesterday.
The SPEAK Ell. It does. A special order,
made so by unanimous consent, takes precedence
of evei yihine.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to move to postpone
that business until after the morning hour. I sug-
gest to my colleague that he ought to have a \v hole j
day for the business of the Disiiict, and theic- ■
fore that it would be well for him to have it post- '
poned to some other day.
Mi. DELANO. After the difficulty I had in
obtaining a day at all, 1 cannot agree to that, but ;
I have no objection to its postponement until after I
the morning hour. I
Mr. DAWES. I do not care to have it post- f
poned until after the morning hour, unless i can !
have the time after that, and therefore I with-
draw my motion.
Mr. DELANO. Then I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. FENTON. 1 understand thai the gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Delano] is will-
ing that the special order shall be postponed until
after the morning hour.
Mr. DELANO. I stated that I would yield to
my colleague to move to postpone.
Mr. DAWES. I move, then, to postpone the
special order until after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
LOUISIANA ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the unfinished report of the Com-
mittee of Elections on the Louisiana election cases,
upon which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Menzies] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. FENTON. 1 ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to yield to me to move to postpone that
business until after the morning hour. He would
not lose his place upon the floor,
Mr. MENZIES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. FENTON. 1 submit the motion to post-
pone until aftei the morning hour.
The motion was agieed to.
RELEASE OF PENALTIES.
The House then resumed the consideration of
an unfinished report from the Committee on Na-
val Allan's, postponed til! tIns day, being joint res-
olution of the House No. 115, authonzing the
Secietary of the Navy to release cei tain penalties.
The joint resolution auihonzes the Secietary
of tht Navy to iciease or dischnige certain "pen-
alties, or provisions in tho naluie of penalties,
in cerium cases of unfulfilled contracts with the
Navy Department made prior to the proclamation
of the President establishing blockades of the
southern ports, and to the several acts of Con-
gress imposing additional duties upon our domes-
tic and foreign products, wherein, by reason of
said acts, and the failure of the Government to
pay accoi ding to the piescribed terms, the parties
have been obsti ucted and prevented fiom a proper
fulfillment of the same, to the end that the ac-
counts may be settled and adjusted on terms of
equity and justice.
Mr. WASLI-BURNE. Is that joint resolution
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs?
The SPEAKER, it is.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I move to lay it
on the table.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I hope ihegentleman from
Illinois will withdraw that motion, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Alfains is not in
his seat at present.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Nor the
member who introduced if.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw the motion
to lay on the table, and move to postpone the joint
resolution for one week.
The motion was agieed to.
XXItOLUiD TALL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
roll- d Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act ([J.
[ II. No. 617) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations lot the su-vice of the fiscal year ending
J une 30, 1S63; when the Spt akei signed the .same.
M2P0IITS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regularorder
of business, to call committees for repoi ts, begin-
ning with the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
HAMBURG INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. CPJTTENDEN, from the Committee on j
Foieign Affairs, r« ported a joint resolution to fa- j
cihiate apioper representation of the industrial
| interests of !he United States at the international i
■ a^ticu!tural exhibition of Hamburg, and asked !
! that it be put upon its passage. ^ _ j
The joint resolution was read. It nut hoi izos the
President to facilitate a proper reptesentauon of
industrial interests of the United States- at i he inter- |
national agricultural exhibition to be held at Ham- ,
! butg in July, 1863, and appropriates $10,000 to :
defray , or aid in defraying, the expenses of trans^"
portation to New York, and thence to Hamburg
and back, and $5,000 for the expenses of a com*
missioner and clerk to attend the same. It pro-
vides that the commissioner shall give timely
notice, by advertisement in the principal newspa-
pers of the country, of the purport of the resolu-
tion, and shall make the necessary arrangements
for preparing and forwarding articles delivered to
him, attend to them at theexhibition, receive and
deliver them, on their return, to their owners, and
report the proceedings to the Secretary of the In-
terior. It also provides that nil articles so for-
warded shall, on their return, enter free of duty,
any act or acts to the'contraiy notwithstanding.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I do not now make the point
of order that this resolution makes an appropria-
tion, and must, therefore, be considered in the
Committee of the Whole, as I wish the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittendek] to be heard;
but 1 do not thereby waive my right to make that
objection.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the point of order may be reserved,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. With a single obser-
vation in regard to this resolution, I will leave the
mattei to the discietion of the House. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs is adverse to diverting
one dollar of the Government resources from the
great national purpose to which they should be
devoted at home; but we thought that it would be,
perhaps, politic to appropriate the small sum of
$15,000 to this purpose, so as to keep up the so-
cial international relations of this country abroad.
A much larger appropriation was made for the
London exhibition of 1851. This resolution pro-
poses an appropt iation of $10,000 for the expenses
of transportation, and $5,000 for the expenses of
a suitable agent to attend to and take charge of
the matter. This resolution is drawn up in con-
formity with the former precedent, only that it
appropiiatesa much smaller sum.. I believe that
this is the first international fair that has been held
inGeimany. 1 hope the resolution will be passed.
With these remaiks, 1 leave the matter to the dis*
cretion of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This same subject was re-
fen ed, Mr. Speaker, to the Committee on Agri-
culture. There, we fixed on the same sum to pay
the freight, without bavins, however, any formal
action in the matter. I think that the opinion of
that committee was that the appiopriation for a
commissioner should not exceed $1,000. It was
suggested by the member who introduced the res-
olution that a great many individuals would be
glad to pay their own expenses if they could be
accredited.
Mr. LOOMIS. I wish to correct thegenileman
fj orn ill) no is; that resolution appropriated $10,000.
Mi. LOVEJOY. Ten thousand dollars for
freight and $1,000for the expens< s of the commis-
sioner. As near as I could judge of the will of
our committee, without any "formal action on the
subject, it was in favor of appiopisating $1,000
instead of $5,000 for the expensi s of the commis-
sioner. It was understood thatagreat many suit-
able persons would be found willing to bear their
own expenses ifduly accredited. I therefore sug-
gest to the gentleman fiom Kentucky that the
sum for thecommis&iotier should hoi educed some*
hat, and then I hope that the question of order
will be withdrawn and the joint resolution passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 do notpiesume to have
any controveisy on the subject. I have merely
reported the resolution to t)> - liou^e, thinking it
a matter of policy for this nation to show itself
willing to engage in international courtesies, even
in time of war.
Mi. LOVEJOY. There m no difference as to
the desirableness of this matter. It is simply a
question of the sum. i suggest §3,000 as the
amount for the commissioner.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, 1 have only to say that
the sum is diminished to less than half the amount
appropriated foi the London exhibition. I do not
believe that the object desired can be attained for
a less sum.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 am not pamenhu; but I
simply make tins suir^estion.
Mi. F. A. CONKL^ING. Mr. Speaker, it will
be recollected that a pioposition similar to this,
made a year ago, in reference to the exhibition
of the industry of all nations to be held m Lon-
don was rejected by the House. The reason
