1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23a
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....3d Sess,
J. H. Alexander, Maryland; S. Alexander, New
Jersey; A. D. Bache, at large; F. B. Barnard, at
large; J. G. Barnard, United States Army, Mas-
sachusetts; W. H. C. Bartlett, United States
Military Academy, Missouri; U. A. Boyden,
Massachusetts; Alexis Caswell, Rhode Island;
William Chauvenet, Missouri; J. H. C. Coffin,
United States Naval Academy, Maine; J. A.
Dahlgren, United States Navy, Pennsylvania;
J. D. Dana, Connecticut; Charles H. Davis,
United States Navy, Massachusetts; George
Engelmann, St. Louis, Missouri; J. F. Frazer,
Pennsylvania; Wolcott Gibbs, New York; J.
M. Gilless, United States Navy, District of Co-
lumbia; A. A. Gould, Massachusetts; B. A.
Gould, Massachusetts; Asa Gray, Massachu-
setts; A. Guyot, New Jersey; James Hall, New
York; Joseph Henry, at large; J. E. Hilgard, at
large, Illinois; Edward Hitchcock, Massachu-
setts; J. S. Hubbard, United States Naval Ob-
servatory, Connecticut; A. A. Humphreys, Uni-
ted States Army, Pennsylvania; J. L. Le Conte,
United States Army, Pennsylvania; J. Leidy,
Pennsylvania; J. P. Lesley, Pennsylvania; M.
F. Longstreth, Pennsylvania; D. H. Mahan,
United States Military Academy, Virginia; J.
S. Newberry, Ohio; H. A. Newton, Connecti-
cut; Benjamin Peirce, Massachusetts; John Rod-
gers, United States Navy, Indiana; Fairman
Rogers, Pennsylvania; R. E. Rogers, Pennsyl-
vania; YV". B. Rogers, Massachusetts; L. M.
Rutherford, New York; Joseph Saxton, at large;
Benjamin Silliman, Connecticut; Benjamin Silii-
man, junior, Connecticut; Theodore Strong, New
Jersey; John Torrey, New York; J. G. Totten,
United States Army, Connecticut; Joseph Win-
lock, United States Nautical Almanac, Kentucky;
Jeffries Wyman,Massachusetts; J. D. Whitney,
California, their associates and successors duly
chosen, are hereby incorporated, constituted, and
declaied to be a body-corporate, by the name of
the National Academy of Sciences.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Na-
tional Academy of Sciences shall consist of not
more than fifty ordinary members, and the said
corporation hereby constituted shall have power
to make its own organization, including its con-
stitution, by-laws, and rules and regulations; to
fill all vacancies created by death, resignation, or
otherwise; to provide for the election of foreign
and domestic members, the division into classes,
and al! other matters needful or usual in such in-
stitution, and to report the same to Congress.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Na-
tional Academy of Sciences shall hold an annual
meeting at such place in the United States as may
be designated; and the academy shall, whenever
called upon by any Department of the Govern-
ment, investigate, examine, experiment, and re-
port upon any subject of science or art, the act-
ual expense of such investigations, examinations,
experiments, and reports, to be paid from appro-
priations which may be made for the purpose, but
the academy shall receive no compensation what-
ever for any services to the Government of the
United States.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CXI1.—An Act to establish the Gauge of
the Pacific Railroad and its Branches.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of ike United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That the gauge of the Pacific railroad
and its branches throughout their whole extent,
from the Pacific coast to the Missouri river, shall
be5tmd hereby is, established at four feet eight
and one half inches.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
tied * An act supplementary to the act entitled
1 An act to amend the judicial system of the Uni-
ted States,3 " approved July fifteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, which cases might have
been brought,and could have been originally cog-
nizable in a circuit court, said district courts shall
have power to issue writs of execution or other
final process, or to use such other powers and pro-
ceedings as may be in accordance with law, to
enforce the judgments and decrees aforesaid, any-
thing in said act of the fifteenth of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CX!V.—An Act to provide for issuing an
American Register to the Steam Vessel Maple
Leaf.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be issued, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, an Amer-
ican register to the British colonial-built steam
vessel Maple Leaf, now owned by Charles Spear
and J. H. B. Lang, of Boston, in the State of
Massachusetts.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Ciiap. CXV.—An Act relating to the validity of
Deeds of Public Squares and Lots in the City
of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That no deed or conveyance heretofore
made, in pursuance of law, of squares or lots of
public land m the city of Washington, by the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, or any other
authorized officer, shall be deemed invalid in law,
for the want of an acknowledgment by said Com-
missioner or other authorized officer before such
judicial officers as deeds of real property made
between individuals are required by law to be
acknowledged.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CXIII.—An Act to enable the District |
Coui is of i he United States to issue Executions j
and other Final Process in certain cases.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre- ,
sentaiins of the i nited States of Amcrica in Congress
assembled. That m all cases wherein the district
courts of the United States within ami for the sev- |
ei al districts of Texas, Flonda, Wisconsin, Mm- '
ne^otaj low tt, and Kansas had rendered final judg-
ments or dreiees puor to the passage of an act
emuu-d " An act to amend the act ot the third of,
March, eighteen bundled and tlm ty-seven, euti-
Chap. CXVI.—An Act to grant the right of Pre-
emption to certain Purchasers on the " Soscol
Ranch," in the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it may and shall be lawful for the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to cause
the lines of the public surveys to be extended
over the tract of country known as the " Soscol
Ranch," in California, tiie claim to which by Don
Mariana Gaudalupe [Guadalupe] Valkjo has been
adjugded invalid by the Supreme Court of the
United States, and to have approved plats thereof
duly returned to the proper district land office:
Provided, That the actual cost of such survey and
platting shall first be paid into the surveying fund
by settlers, according to the requirements of the
tenth section of the act of Congress approved
thirtieth of May,eighteen bundled and sixty-two,
to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale of
the public lands in the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That after the
return of such approved plats to tin** district office
it may and shall be lawful for individuals, bona
fide purchase!s from caid Vallejo, or his assigns,
to enter, according to the lines of the public sur-
veys, at one dollai and twenty-five cents peracre,
the land so purchased, to the extent to which the
same had been reduced to possession at the time
of said adjudication of said Supreme Court, joint
entries being admissible by coterminous proprie-
tors to such an extent as will enable them to ad-
just their respective boundaries.
Sec. 3. rind be it further enacted. That muni-
cipal claims within the limits of the said Soscoi
Ranch" may be entered under the terms, hmna- j
tions, and conditions of the town-site act of twen- |
ty-third of May, eighteen hundred and forty-four. ;
Sec. 4. And be itfnrthcrenacted,TUo.ti\\lc\d\ms |
within the purview of tins act shall be presented |
to the register and receiver within twelve months 1
after the return of such surveys to the district land J
office,accompanied by proof of bona fide purchase ;
under Vallejo, of settlement, and the extent to^j
which the Uacts claimed had been reduced into j
possession at the time of said adjudication; and •
thereupon each case ehaJl be adjudged by tl>e
register and receiver under such instructions aa
shall be given by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, to whom the proof and adjudi-
cation shall be i*eturned by the local land office;
and no adjudication shall be final until confirmed
by the said Commissioner.
Sec.5. And beit further enacted,That&ny claim
not brought before the register and receiver within
twelve months, as aforesaid,shall be barred, and
the lands covered thereby, witl* any other tracts
within the limits of said "Soscol Ranch," the
titles to which are not established under this act,
shall bedealtwithasotherpubliclands: Provided,
That no entry shall be made of lands reserved and
occupied for military, naval, or other public uses,
or which may be designated for such purposes by
the President, nor shall any claim under this act
extend to mineral lands.
Approved, March 3,1863.
Chap. CXVII.—An Act to provide a Temporary
Government for the Territory of Idaho.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all that part of the territory of the
United States included within the following limits,
to wit: beginningata point in the middle channel
of the Snake river where the northern boundary
of Oregon intersects the same; then follow down
said channel of Snake river to a point opposite
the mouth of the Kooskooskia, or Clear Water
river; thence due north to the forty-ninth parallel
of latitude; thence cast along said parallel to the
twen ty-se veil th degree of longitude west of Wash-
ington; thence south along said degree of longi-
tude to the northern boundary of Colorado Ter-
ritory; thence west along said boundary to the
thirty-third degree of longitude west of Washing-
ton; thence north along said degree to the forty-
second parallel of latitude; thence west along said
parallel to the eastern boundary of the State of
Oregon; thence north along said boundary to place
of beginning. And the same is hereby created
into a temporary government by the name of the
Territory of Idaho: Provided, That nothing in
this act contained shall be construed to inhibit the
Government of the United States from dividing
said Territory or changing its boundaries m such
manner and at such time as Congress shall deem
convenientand proper, or from attachingany por-
tion of said Territory to any other State or Ter-
ritoiy of the United States: Provided further
nothing in this act contained shall be construed
to impair the rights of peison or property now
pertaining to the Indians in said Territory, so long
as such rights shall remain unextinguished by
treaty between the United States and such In-
dians, or to include any territory which by treaty
with any Indian tribes is not, without the consent
of said tribe, to be included within the territorial
limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory;
but all such territory shall be excepted out of the
boundaries, and constitute no part of the Terri-
tory of Idaho, until said tribe shall signify their
assent to the President of the United States to be
included within said Territory, or to affect the
authority of the Government of the United States
to make any regulations respecting such Indians,
their lands, property, or other rights, by treaty,
law, or otherwise, which it would have been com-
petent for the Qovernmeiit to make if this act had
never passed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and oversaidTer-
11tory of Idaho shall be vested in a Governor, who
shall hold his office foi four jeais, and until his
successor shall be appointed and qualified, unless
sooner removed by the Piesident of the United
States. The Governor shall reside within said
Territory, and shall he commandei-m-chicf of the
militia, and superintendent of Indian affairs there-
of. He may grant pardons and respites for offenses
against the iawsofsaid Territory, and repieive for
offenses against the lawsofthe United States until
the decision of the President of the United States
can be made known thereon; he shall commission
ail officeis who shall be appointed to office under
the laws of the said Teintory, and shall take cure
tlnit the laws be luiihfully executed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thnt^thero
