234
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
shall bo a Secretary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein, and shall hold his office for four
years, unless sooner removed by the President of
the United States; he shall record and preserve
all laws and proceedings of the Legislative As-
sembly hereinafter constituted, and alt the acts and
proceedings of the Governor in his executive de-
partment; he shall transmit one copy of the laws
and journals of the Legislative Assembly within
thirty days after the end of each session, and one
copy of the executive proceedings and official cor-
respondence semi-annually, on the first days of
January and July in each year, to the President
of the United States, and two copies of the laws
to the President of the Senate and to the Speaker
of the House of Representatives for the use of
Congress; and in case of the death,removal, res-
ignation , orabsence of the Governor from the Ter-
ritory, the secretary shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required to execute and perform
all the powers and duties of the Governor during
such vacancy or absence, or until another Gov-
ernor shall be duly appointed and qualified to fill
such vacancy.
Sec. 4. Aid be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative power and authority of said Territory shall
bo vested in the Governor and a Legislative As-
sembly.'The Legislative Assembly shall consist
of a Council and House of Representatives. The
Council shall consist of seven members having
the qualifications of voters as heteinafter pre-
scribed, whose term of service shall continue two
years. The House of Representatives shall, at
its first session, consist of thirteen members pos-
sessing the same qualifications as prescribed for
the members of the Council, and whose term of
service shall continue one year. The number of
Representatives may be increased by the Legis-
lative Assembly, from time to time, to twenty-
six, in proportion to the increase of qualified vot-
ers; and the Council, in like manner, to thiitecn.
An apportionment shall be made as nearly equal
as practicable among the several counties or dis-
tricts for the election of the Council and Repre-
sentatives, giving to each section of the Territory
representation m the ratio of its qualified voters
as nearly as may be. And the members of the
Council and of the House of Representatives
shall reside in,and be inhabitants of, the district,
or county, or counties, for which they may be
elected respectively. Previous to thb "first elec-
tion, the Governor shall cause a census or enu-
meration of the inhabitants and qualified voters
of the several counties and districts of the Terri-
tory to be taken by such persons and in such
mode as the Governor shall designate and appoint.,
and the persons so appointed shall receive a rea-
sonable compensation therefor. And the first elec-
tion shall be held at such time and places, and be
conducted in such manner, both as to the persons
who shall superintend such election and the re-
turns thereof, as the Governor shall appoint and
direct; and he shall, at the same time, declare the
number of members of the Council and House of
Representatives to which each of the counties or
districts shall be entitled under this act. The per-
sons having the highest number of legal votes in
each of said Council districts for members of the
Council shall be declared by the Governor to be
duly elected to the Council; and the persons hav-
ing the highest numberoflegal votes forthe House
of llepiesentatives shall be declared by the Gov-
ernor to be duly elected members of said House:
Provided, That in case two or more persons voted
for shall have an equal numbei of votes, and in
case a vacancy shall otheiwise occur in cither
branch of the Legislative Assembly, the Governor
shall order a new election; and tile persons thus
elected to the Legislative Assembly shall meet at
such place and on such day as the Governor shall
appoint; but thereafter the time, place, and man-
ner of holding and conducting all elections by the
people, and the apportioning the representation m
the several counties or districts to the Council and
House of Representatives, according to the num-
ber of qualified voters, shall be preset ibed by law,
as well as the day of the commencement of the
regular sessions of the Legislative Assembly:
Provided, That no session in any one year shall
exceed the term of forty days, except the first ses-
sion, which may continue sixty days.
Se^. 5. Jiml be it further enacted, That every
free white male inhabitant above the age of twen-
ty-one years, who shall have been an actual res-
ident of said Territory at the time of the passage
of this act, shall be entitled to vote at the first
election, and shall be eligible to any office within
the said Territory; but the qualifications of voters,
and of holding office, at all subsequent elections,
shall be such as shall be prescribed by the Legis-
lative Assembly.
Sec.6. Andbe it farther enacted, Thatthelegis-
lative power of the Territory shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the provis-
ions of this act; but no law shall be passed inter-
fering with the primary disposal of the soil; no
tax shall-be imposed upon the property of the
United States, 1101: shall the lands or other prop-
erty of non-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property of residents. Every bill
which shall have passed the Council and House
of Representatives of the said Territory shall, be-
fore it becomes a law, be presented to the Gov-
ernor of the Territory; if he approve, he shall
sign it; but if not, he shall return it, with his ob-
jections, to the house in which it originated, who
shall enter the objections at large upon their jour-
nal and proceed to reconsider it. If, after such
reconsideration, two thirds of that house shall
agiee to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together
with the objections, to the other house, by which
it shall likewise be reconsidered; and if approved
by two thirds of that house, it shall become a law.
But in all such cases the votes of both houses shall
be determined by yeas and nays, to be entered on
the journal of each house respectively. If any
bill shall not be returned by the Governor within
three days (Sunday excepted) after it shall have
been presented to him, the same shall be a law in
like manner as if he had signed it, unless the As-
sembly, by adjournment, prevent its return; in
which case it shall not be a law: Provuled, That
whereas slavery is prohibited in said Territory
by act of Congress of June nineteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, nothing herein contained
shall be construed to authorize or permit its ex-
istence therein.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatall town-
ship, district, and county officers, not herein oth-
erwise provided for, shall be appointed or elected,
as the case may be, in such manner as shall be
provided by the Governor and Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Idaho. The Governor
shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Legislative Council, appoint all
officers not herein otherwise provided for; and in
the first instance the Governor alone may appoint
all said officers, who«ehall hold their offices until
the end of the first session of the Legislative As-
sembly, and shall lay off the necessary districts
for members of the Council and House of Repre-
sentatives, and all other officers.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no mem-
ber of the Legislative Assembly shall hold or be
appointed to any office which shall have been
created, or the salary or emoluments of which
shall have been increased, while he was a mem-
ber, during the term for which he was elected, and
for one year after the expiration of such term;
but this restriction shall not be applicable to mem-
bers of the first Legislative Assembly; and no
person holding a commission or appointment un-
der the United States, except postmasters, shall
be a member of the Legislative Assembly, or shall
hold any office under the government of said Ter-
ritory .
See. 9. JJnd be it farther enacted, That the ju-
dicial power of said Territory shall be vested in
a supreme court, district courts, probate courts,
and in justices of the peace. The supreme court
shall consist of a chief justice and two associate
justices, any two of whom shall constitute a quo-
rum , and who shall hold a term at the seat of gov-
ernmentofsaidTerritory annually; and they shall
hold their offices during the period of four years,
and until their successors shall be appointed and
qualified. The said Territory shall be divided
into three judicial districts, and a district court
shall be held in each of said districts by one of the
justices of the supreme court at such times and
places as maybe prescribed by law; and the said
judges shall, after their appointments, respect-
ively, reside in the districts which shall be as-
signed them. The jurisdiction of the several
'courts herein providctl for, both appellate and ori-
ginal, and that of the probate courts and of jus-
tices of the peace, shall be limited by law: Pro-
vided, That justices of the peace shall not have
jurisdiction of any matter in controversy when
the title or boundaries of land may be in dispute,
or where the debt or sum claimed shall exceed one
hundred dollars; and the said supreme and dis-
trict courts, respectively, shall possess chancery
as well as com mon-law jurisdiction. Each d istrict
court, or the judge thereof, shall appoint its clerk,
who shall also be the register in chancery, and
shall keep his office at the place where the court
may be held. Writs of error, bills of exceptions,
and appeals, shall be allowed in all cases from the
final decisions of said district courts to the supreme
court, under such regulationsas may be prescribed
bylaw. The supreme court, or the justices there-
of, shall appoint its own clerk, and every clerk
shall hold his office at the pleasure of the court
for which he shall have been appointed. Writs
of error and appeals from the final decisions of
said supreme court shall be allowed, and may be
taken to the Supreme Court of the United States,
in the same manner and under the same regula-
tions as from the circuit courts of the United
States, where the value of the property or the
amount in controversy, to be ascertained by the
oath or affirmation of either party, or other com-
petent witnesses, shall exceed one thousand dol-
lars, except that a writ of error or appeal shall be
allowed to the Supreme Court of the United States
from the decision of the said supreme court cre-
ated by this act, or of any judge thereof, or of the
district courts created by this act, or of any judge
thereof, upon any writs of habeas corpus involving
the question of personal freedom. And each of
the said district courts shall have and exercise the
same jurisdiction, in all cases arising under the
Constitution and laws of the United States, as is
vested in the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States; and the first six days of every term
of said courts, or so much thereof as shall be ne-
cessary, shall be appropriated to the trial of causes
arising under the said Constitution and laws; and
writs of error and appeal in all such cases shall
be made to the supreme court of said Territory,
the same as in other cases. The said clerks shall
receivc, in all such cases, tile same fees which the
clerks of the district courts of Washington Ter-
ritory now receive for similar services.
Sec. 10. Jliid be it further enacted. That there
shall be appointed an attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue in office four years, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States, and who shall receive the same
fees and salary as the attorney of the United
States for the present Territory of Washington.
There shall also be a marshal for the Terntory
appointed, who shall hold his office for four years,
and until his successor shall be appointed and
qualified, unless sooner removed by the President
of the United States, and who shall execute all
processes issuing from the said courts when ex-
ercising their jurisdiction as circuit and district
courts of the United States; he shall perform the
duties, be subject to the same regulations and
penalties, and be entitled to the same fees as the
marshal of the distuet eouit of the United States
for the present Territory of Washington, and
shall, in addition, be paid two hundred dollars
annually as n compensation for extra services.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
Governor, secretary, chief justice and associate
justices, attorney,and marshal, shall be appointed
by the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. The
Governor and secretary to be appointed as afore-
said, shall, before they act as such, respectively,
take an oath or affirmation before the district
judge: or some justice of the peace in the limits
of said Territory duly authorized to administer
oaths and affirmations by the laws now in force
therein, or before the Chief Justice or some as-
sociate justice of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and faithfully to discharge the duties of
their respective offices, which said oaths, when so
taken, shall he certified by the person by whom
the same shall have been taken: and such cer-
