1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8B7
a half minutes in the business hours, that is from
seven o'clock in the morning till nine o'clock at
night, so that if a passenger encounters a crowded
car. lie has, to insure his comfort, to wait but two
and a half minutes for one which will be less
crowded and more comfortably. I believe, Mr.
Speaker, that the company ha.s thus far done all
it could under the circumstances for the accommo-
dation of the public, and will in due time do all that
the public convenience will icquire, or the public
can demand, and that liieieloie this bill ought not
to pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE. i ask the gentleman
from Vngima whether this railroad company has
not refused to commute in every instance?
Mr. SEGAR. f am infotmed that there is on
this line the bestsystem of accommodation on any
railroad in the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask my friend if this
company has not refused to commute,and whether
a man buying a hundred tickets has not to pay
full rates without any diminution?
Mr. SEGAR. I do not know how that is. But
I inform the House that if the fare is reduced to
three cents, ail the advantages of this road, to rich
and poor alike, will be lost. I now move the
previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker—
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia withdraw the previous question?
Mr. SEGAR. I will, if the gentleman from
Indiana will renew 11.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 pugsrest to my friend from
Virginia that it i^ not exactly fair to make a
speech and then call the previous question.
Mr. SEGAR. Both sides have been heard.
Mr, HOLM AN. 1 hope my colleague will not
place hini^lf in the position of accepting the floor
on a pledge to call the ptevious question.
All. COLFAX. The House can vote it down.
"When this bill was introduced by the gentleman
from Illinois, I could not suppose that he was m
earnest in desiring to press it on the American
Congress at this session.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I never was more in
earnest.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 heard something to-day from
my friend from Illinois about complaints of labor-
ing men in rtgaid to this road; but 1 have yet to
hear of one solitary labeling man in the District
of Columbia who lias petitioned us to change the
charter of this road as the gentleman proposes. It
is well known that before the establishing of this
road the man who resided in Georgetown and
worked in the Washington navy-yaid, had to
pay ten cents to ride, by two omnibus imes, to the*
place of his employment. He now tides for five
cents, m less time and with better accommoda-
tions, ami is abundantly satisfied with thr- change.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will not my fuend add that
tile laboiing men of both branches of Congress,
especially of the House of Representatives, are
" dead-heads" on this road ?
Mr.COLFAX. I suppose my friend is a " dead-
head " too, as he is one of the laboring men of this
House. [Laughter ]
Mr. IIOLMAN. My colleague is, also.
Mr. COLFAX. As to the idea of iree tickets
influencing members one way or other, I do not
suppose that any member regauU himself as so
influenced. Certainly the gentleman from Illinois
has not hetn.
Mt. WASHBURNE. I desne to say, for one,
that I have no fn-o ticket.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 am sorry my friend has
sta'ed that fact, because U might be thought that
that was the motive of his action.
Mr. WASHHURNE. 1 did not Hunk proper
to receive it, and i sent it back.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope my friend does notdo
that with all the ranioad tickets sent to him; but
I assioe him that I do not. I am perfectly willing
toieceiV' as many as the companies see la to
send, and have never suppose J that my independ-
ent cfiion would be controlled by rec ivmg them.
Now, m regard to the complaint as to!he ex-
cess of fan , wilt thegeiuleman from Illinois point
out to me any city iu the Union where street cars
ai<"> running at three cents tare ? I know of none.
1 know that this load has aw heavy grades as can
be found m any city of the Union fur the ors to
run on. We know that the cost of feed, and the
wages of conductor and drivets cue larger here
than in any other city In Philadelphia, a city
of a large population, passengers have to pay
seven cents for tiansfer tickets, if they desire to
i ide on two connecting roads. In New York they
have to pay ten cents. Here, passengers are
transferred from one line to another, so that they
can ride on three different lines for five cents.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
ask the gentleman fiom Indiana, and the gentle-
men whoarcinteiested on thatsideof the House,
whether the equal rights of colored persons are
secured on these cars? I have seen a poor col-
ored woman riding on the front platform in a
snow storm, and I understand that that class of
persons are excluded from the cais. For one 1
protest a^aiiiHt that. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. I was not awaie that the Afri-
can was to be brought into this street-car discus-
sion, or I should not have participated in it. The
question of the gentleman from Massachusetts 1
am unable to answer. I do not know what mu-
nicipal regulations there arc on the subject.
Mr. LOVEJOY rose.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 decline to yield just now,
for 1 do not wish to prolong the discussion. I
rose to speak briefly, and will not detain the
House more than a minute or two. Now, it may
be ihat these proprietors may have found the run-
ning of the city cars during the present winter
profitable. There have for some time past been
an unusual number of people in the city, owing
to the proximity of the army of the Potomac.
But I hope the time will not be far distant when
thatanny of the Potomac will remove to a stealer
distance fiom Washington. It is also well known
that the presence of Congi es>s in the city also very
materially incicases the population for the time
being. This population will be considerably de-
creased at the close oft he session, which is drawing
near. And gentlemen know that Congress is in
session here only nine months out of the twenty-
four.
Now, sir, when this company have furnished
finer cars than I have seen in anv other city—finer
than any m the city of New Yoik; when they
transport their passengers ovei three lines of rail-
road for one fai e of five cents; when they received
this chaiter—let it he remembered not given as n
favor to any corporation, for Congress refused to
extend aay such favor, but the chartei was made
open to the entire woild to subscube—the per-
sons who, under these circumstances, subset ibed
the stock of the company are fairly entitled to all
the benefits of the chartei; and when they have
performc d ell that devolved upon them under their
charter, 1 sav it would be an act of bad faith upon
the pa it of Congrc ss to sti ike down their powers.
I grant thai Congiess did reserve to itself the right
to itduct the rate of farrt. We have the power, if
we sec lit to use it arbitrarily, to reduce the fare
to one < ent, and destroy the ladroad entirely, but
whethf r any one would risk his property there-
after upon the faiih of Congress might well be
doubted.
Now, lei me say to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wasiiburke,] who undertook to speak iff
behalf of the laboring man, that we have provided
for tile laboring men in this city not only facili-
ties for tiavel which they have not enjoyed here-
tofore, but greater facilities than aie enjoyed in
any other city. At any rate, before I will, byrny
vote, make the change in the charter of this com-
pany which this bill proposes, 1 muat have the
petition of sonic man or woman in the Distiictof
Columbia for the change. And as to the lemaik
of my fiiend as to the cars being often crowded,
we all know that in New York it is often impos-
sible, on some of ns stieet raihoads, to get even
standing room coming down town in the morn-
ing, or going up town m the evening.
I now, in obedience to my piomise, demand the
previous question, though I shall myself vote
against it if the House desires to continue the
discussion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to move to
recommit the lull with insh notions r
The SPE VliEIt. It :s not while the motion
for the previous question is pending.
Mr. SHEFFIELD called foi tellers on second-
ing the demand foi the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olint and
Delano were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 82, noes 17.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
previous question was seconded.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
It is not in order to reconsider a vote which has
been partially executed.
Mr. C0V0DE. I move to lay tlw bill upon
the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
order. 1 want to know whether, if the bill is
laid on the table, it will carry with it the amend-
ment which compels this company to show their
hands?
The SPEAKER. The vote laying the bill upon
the table would carry the whole subject with it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I hope it will not
be laid on the table. I want this Pennsylvania
company to be made to show their hands.
The question was taken on Mr. Covode's mo-
tion; and there were—ayes 82, noes 22.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers on th®
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I give notice that on the
first day of the next session 1 will introduce this
bill, and that 1 will press it to a vote.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope my friend from Illinois
will accept his free ticket now. [Laughter.]
independent telegraph company.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a joint resolution
granting authority to the Independent Telegraph
Company to locate and construct their telegraph;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was rend at length. It au-
thorizes the Independent Telegraph Company,
chartered under the laws of the State of New York,
to construct a telegiaph from Portland, Maine,
to Washington city; to construct its telegraph
through the streets of Washington under the same
restrictions and with the same privileges now ac-
corded to the American Telegraph Company.
Mr. DELANO. This is a joint resolution
which proposes to grant to the corporation named
the same rights and piivileges that are accouled
to existing telegraph companies. It has, 1 under-
stand, already reached as far as Philadelphia m
constructing us lines. I suppose there can be no
objection to it, and I move the previous ques-
tion .
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Thejointresolution was ordered to beengrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
st. ann's infant asylum.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to incorporate the St. Ann's Infant
Asylum of the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It incorporates the St. Ann's
Infant Asylum, and contains in detail the usual
piovisions of incorporation.
Mr. DELANO. I will state to the House that
this bill proposes to establish in this city an infant
asylum very much after the pattern of one now
in successful operation in Baltimore, and it follows
very much in terms the provisions of the incor-
poration of that institution. I call the previous
question on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thiid time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tennessee election'.
Mr, MAYNARD. I rise to a question ofpriv-
