APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
[March 3,
37th Cons....3d Sess.
Lmvs of the United States.
to judges advocate, and for bills of health and
quarantine expenses of vessels of the Navy, one
million dollars.
Bureau of Navigation:
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of Nav-
igation, one thousand dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For contingent expenses, namely: for transpor-
tation of materials; printing, stationery, books,
models, drawings, postage, and miscellaneous
items, fifty thousand dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For contingent expenses, namely: for candles;
freight to foreignstations; transportation from sta-
tion to station within the United States; cooper-
age; pay of assistants to inspectors; advertising
for proposals; printing paymasters' blanks; and
stationery for cruising vessels, three hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of Med-
icine and Surgery, forty thousand dollars.
marine corps.
For pay of non-commissioned officers, musi
cians, privates, clerks, messengers, steward and
nurse, and servants; for rations and clothing for
officerJ&Servants; additional rations to officers for
five years' service; for undrawn clothing and ra-
tions, ami bounties for reenlistments, seven hun-
dred and ninety thousand seven hundred and
eighty-tlnee dollars and eighty cents.
"For provisions, one hundred and thirty-five
thousand nine hundred and twenty-six dollars.
For clothing, two hundred thousand two hun-
dred and seventy-six dollars and seventy-six
cents.
For fuel, thirty-one thousand four hundred
and thirty dollars and seventy-five cents.
For military stores, namely: pay of mechan
ic.s, repair of arms, puichase of accouterments,
ordnance stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other in-
struments, fifteen thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers, their servants,
troops, and expenses of recruiting, twenty-two
thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices
where there are no public buildings for that pur-
pose, eight thousand dollars.
For contingencies, namely: freight, ferriage,
toll, cartage, wharfage; purchase and repair of
boats; compensation to judges advocate; per diem
for ai tending cou i ts-martiul, courts of inquiry ,anc'
for constant labor; house rent in lieu of quarters;
burial of deceased marines; printing, stationery,
postage, telegraphing; apprehension of deserters;
oil, canities, gas; repims of gas and water fixtures;
water rent, Ibrage, straw, barrack furniture; f'ur-
nituie for officers' quarters; bed sacks, spades,
shovels, axes, picks, carpenters' tools; keep of a
horse for the messenger; pay of matron, washer-
woman, and porter at tile hospital headquarters;
repaus to fiic-enginc; purchase and repair of en-
gine hose; purchase of lumber for benches, mess
tables, and bunks; repaii s to public carry-all; pur-
chase and lepair of harness; scavengering, gal-
leys, cooking-stoves, and ranges; stoves where
there are no giates; gravel for parade-grounds;
repair of pumps; furniture for staff and command-
ing officers' offices; brushes, Inooms, buckets,
paving, and for other purposes, forty-five thou-
sand dollais.
For the construction of maiine barracks at
Mare Inland, California, one hundred thousand
dollais, or so much thereof as may be necessary:
Piov'uled, nevertheless, That said money shall not
be expended until the plans for said barracks
shall have been submitted to and approved by
the Secietary of the Navy.
navy-yards.
Poi tsmouth, .X'rir Jluinpslure.
For boat-house and carpenters' shop; paint
shop; Bishop's deriiek; railway; knee dock-wall;
repairs of floating dry-dock, and repairs of all
kinds, one hundred anil thirty-two thousand
three hundred and sixty-two dollars.
For rebuilding portei's house at Portsmouth
navy-yard, two thousand dollars.
Boston.
For repairing around dry-dock and relaying
surface water drams, joiners' shop and painters'
loft; extension of shear wharf; additional expenses
on house for heavy forging hammer, and for re-
pairs of all kinds, two hundred and seventy-eight
thousand <ve hundred and sixty-six dollars.
New York.
For continuation of quay wall; for new found-
ery; drains, paving, and flagging, water pipes and
hydrants; filling low place; repairs of dry-dock;
chain cable shop; railways; officers houses; ma-
chinery for machine shop, foundery; boiler shop
and pattern shop; for large chuck-lathe, for turn-
ing large rings for turrets on gun batteries, and
for repairs of all kinds, three hundred and sev-
enty-seven thousand and eleven dollars.
For building floating dry-dock at navy-yard,
New York, seven hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars: Provided, That if, after examination and
survey, the Secretary of the Navy shall deem it
expedient.
Philadelphia.
For repairs of all kinds, twenty-eight thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Washington.
For Bishop's derrick; depot for coal for steam-
ers; machinery and tools; and for repairs of all
kinds, one hundred and thirty-one thousand eight
hundred and seventy-one dollars.
Mare Island, California.
For completing officers' houses; grading and
paving; foundery, machine shop and equipment;
Completing Bishop's derrick; repairs of sectional
dock; fitting up boiler shop insmithery; portable
engines, with machinery for hoistingfor yard pur-
poses; cistern and holder for gas works; saw mill;
commencing- stables; commencing coal house and
wharf; commencing sea wall on west side of is!
and, and repairs of all kinds, three hundred and
sixty-six thousand three hundred and sixty-three
dollars.
Sackett's Harbor.
For repairs of all kinds, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Navy Yard, Norfolk.
For repairs of dry-dock, and pumps, and gen-
eral repairs, eighty-five thousand dollars.
hospitals.
Boston.
For repairs of hospital and grounds at Chelsea,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
New York.
For repairs and improvements; repairs and
increase of apparatus 111 laboratory; and for tem-
porary addition to hospital accommodations,
twenty-two thousand dollars.
Philadelphia Jtsijlum and Hospital.
For furniture and repairs; house cleaning and
whitewashing; repairs to furnaces, grates, and
ranges; gas and water rent; improvement of chapel
andgrounds; for library of asylum; and for hos-
pital and repairs of all kinds, two thousand nine
hundred dollars.
For support of beneficiaries, thirty thousand
dollars.
Norfolk.
For the support and repaii of the naval hospital
at Norfolk foi the lemainder of the current fiscal
year, and for the years eighteen hundred and six-
ty-three and eighteen hundred and sixty-lour,
eighteen thousand five hundred dollars.
J\Iound City.
For supporting hospital, repairs, rent, and fur-
niture at Mound City, Illinois, seventeen thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Mart Hand, California.
For commencing hospital, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
magazines.
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For oidnancc, timber shed, and store-house for
howitzers, thirty-one thousand five hundred and
twenty-two dollars.
Boston.
For repairs of building and care of grounds,
two thousand dollars.
For pay of superintendents, naval constiuotois,
and all the civil establishment of the several navy-
yards and stations, one hundred and six thousand
seven hundred and eighty-four dollar^: Provided,
That hereafter the salary of the civil engineer at
the Washington navy-yard shall be two thousand
dollars a year, and the salary of the civil engineer
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks shall be three,
thousand dollars.
For expenses of watch men and others, and con-
tingencies of the United States Naval Academy,
twenty-four thousand eight hundred and eighty-
one dollars.
Naval Observatory.
For the purchase of nautical instruments, re-
pairs of the same, and of astronomical instruments,
and for the purchase of nautical books, maps, and
charts, and for backing and binding the same,
twenty-three thousand dollars.
For wages of instrument maker, watchman,
porter, and laborers; for keepinggroundsin order,
and repairs to buildings and inclosures; for fuel,
lights, freights, transportation, and postage, and
stationery, and incidental expenses, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, twenty-five thousand eight
hundred and fifty dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That there
shall be paid, out of any money in the Treasury
nototherwise appropriated, the several certificates
issued by accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment to the officers, sailors, marines, and
crews of the Congress and Cumberland, and other
persons provided for by the act of April second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled " An act
to provide for the equitable settlement of the ac-
counts of the officers and crews of the frigate Con-
gress and other vessels."
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
ond section of the act entitled " An act for the
temporary increase of*he Navy," approved July
twenty-four, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
shall be so construed that the temporary appoint-
ments made, or which may be made, of acting as-
sistant paymasters and acting ensigns, are hereby
ratified and confirmed as temporary acting ap-
pointments until the return of the vessels in which
they are respectively employed, or until the sup-
pression of the present insurrection, as may be
deemed necessary; and the rate of compensation
allowed for the several grades specified, is hereby
legalized and approved.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to purchase in such manneras he shall deem
most advantageous to the Government, the flour
required for naval use; and to have the bread for
the navy baked from this flour by special contract
under naval inspection.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it farther cnacted, That every
assistant paymaster attached to a vessel of war
shall be allowed a clerk, with the compensation
and privileges which would be given by law to
the clerk of a paymaster if attached to the same
vessel: Provided, Thatclerksshallnotbeallowed
to paymasters or assistant paymasters in vessels
having complements of less than one hundred,
excepting in supply steamers or storeships.
Sec 6. And be it farther enacted, That the act
to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy of
the United States, approved June first, eighteen
hundred and sixty, be so construed as it respects
boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and sail-makers
of the Navy, as to allow to those officers such
arrears of pay, or difference of pay, as they would
be entitled to, had their sea-service been computed
from the dates of theirappointments orentry into
the service, in their respective grades, instead of
the date of their warrants.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CXIX.—An Act for the removal oftheSis-
seton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and Wah-
pakoota Bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians,
and for the disposition of their Lands in Min-
nesota and Dakota.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House cf Repre-
sentatives rfthe United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the President is auth nizcd and
hereby directed to assign to and set apart for the
Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and Wuh-
