1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23?
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
pakoota bands of Sioux Indians a tract of unoc-
cupied land outside of the limits of any State,
sufficient in extent to enable him to assign to each
member of said bands (who are willing to adopt
the pursuit of agriculture) eighty acres of good
agricultural lands, the same to be well adapted to
agricultural purposes.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the
several tracts of land within the reservations .of
the said Indians shall be surveyed under the di-
rection of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office into legal subdivisions to conform to the
surveys of the other public lands. And the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall cause each legal sub-
division of the said lands to be appraised by dis-
creet persons to be appointed by him for that
purpose. And in each instance where there are
improvements upon any legal subdivision of said
lands, the improvements shall be separately ap-
praised. But no portion of the said lands shall
be subject to preemption, settlement, entry, or
location, under any act of Congress, unless the
party preempting, settling upon, or locating any
portion of said lands shall pay therefor the full
appraised value thereof, including the value of the
said improvements, under such regulations as
hereinafter provided.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That after
the survey of the said reservations the same shall
be open to preemption, entry, and settlement, in
the same manner as other public lands: Provided,
That before any person shall be entitled to enter
any portion of the said lands by preemption or
otherwise, previous to their exposure to sale to
the highest bidder, at public outcry, he shall be-
come an actual bona fide settler thereon, and shall
conform to all the regulations now provided by
law in cases of preemption; and shall pay, with-
in the term of one year from the date of his set-
tlement, the full appraised value of the land, and
the improvements thereon, to the land officers of !
the district where the said lands are situated.
And the portions of the said reservations which
may not be settled upon, as aforesaid, may be
sold ut public auction, as other public lands are
sold, after which they shall be subject to sale at
private entry, as other public lands of the United
States, but no portion thereof shall be sold for a
sum less than their appraised value before the first
of January, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, nor for a less price than one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre, until otherwise provided
for by law.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
money arising from said sale shall be invested by
the Secietaiy of the Interior for the benefit of
said Indians in their new homes in the establish- i
ing them in agricultural pursuits: Piovided, That i
it shall be lawful for said Secretary to locate any
meritouous individual Indian of said bands who
exerted himself to save the lives of the whites in
the late massacre upon said lands on which the
improvements are situated,assigning the same to
him to the extent of eighty acres, to be held by
such tenure as is or may be provided by law: And
provided further, That no more than eighty acres
shall be awarded to anyone Indian umter this or
any other act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
money to be annually appiopiiated for the bene-
fit of the said Indians shall be expended in such
maimer as will, in the judgment of the Secretary
of the Interior, bust advance the said Indians in
agricultuial and mechanical pursuits, and enable
them to sustain themselves without the aid of
the Government; but no portion of said appro- j
priauons shall be paid tn money to said Indians. .
And in such expenditure, said Slecictary may
make icitsonable discrimination in favoi of the
chiefs who sludl he found faithful to the Go\ern-
ment df the United States, and efficient m main-
taining its authority and the peace of the Indians.
Saul Indians shall be subject to the laws of the !
Utnud States, and to the ciimiiml laws of the ■
State m Territory in which they may happen to
reside. They shall also be subject to such rules
and regulations for their government as the Sec-
retaiy of the Interior may piescnbe; but they ,
shall he incapable of making any valid civil con- 1
tract with any person other than a native member
of then tnue, without the consent of the President.
The Secretary of the Interior shall also make .
reasonable provision for the education of said In-
dians, according to their capacity and the means
at his command.
Approved, March 3,1863.
Chap. CXX.—An Act to provide fo"r the Col-
lection of abandoned Property and for the pre-
vention of Frauds in Insurrectionary Districts
within the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be lawful for the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, from and after the passage
of this act, as he shall from time to time see fit,
to appoint a special agent or agents to receive and
collect all abandoned or captured property in any
State or Territory, or any portion of any State
or Territory, of the United States, designated as
in insurrection against the lawful Government of
the United States by the proclamation of the Pres-
ident of July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two: Provided, That such property shall not in-
clude any kind or description which has been used,
or which was intended to be used, for waging or
carrying on war against the United States, such
as arms, ordnance, ships, steamboats, or other
water craft, and the furniture, forage, military
supplies, or munitions of war.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
part of the goods or property received or col-
lected by such agent or agents may be appropri-
ated to public use on dueappraisementand certifi-
cate thereof, or forwarded to any place of sale
within the loyal States, as the public mterests*may
require; and all salesof such property shall be at
auction to the highest biddei, and the proceeds
thereof shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactcd, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may require the special
agents appointed under this act to give a bond,
with such securities and in such amount as he
shall deem necessary,and to require the increase
of said amounts, and the strengthening of said
security, as circumstances may demand; and he
shall also cause a book or books of account to be
kept, showing from whom such propel ty was
received, the coat of transportation, and proceeds
of the sale thereof. And any person claiming to
have been the owner of any such abandoned or
captured property may, at any time within two
years after the suppression of the rebellion, pre-
fer his claim to the proceeds thereof in the Court
of Claims; and on proof to the satisfaction of
said court of his ownership of said property, of
his right to the proceeds thereof, and th$t he has
never given any aid or comfort to the present re-
bellion, to receive the residue of such proceeds,
after the deduction of any purchase-money which
may have been paid, together with the expense
of transportation and sale of said property, and
any other lawful expenses attending the disposi-
tion thereof.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all prop-
erty coming into any of the United States not
declared in insurrection as aforesaid, from with-
in any of the States declared in insurrection,
through or by any other person than any agent
duly appointed undei the provisions of this act,
or under a lawful ciearancc by the proper officer
of the Treasury Department j shall be confiscated
to the use ofrhe Government of the United States.
And the proceedings for the condemnation and
sale of any such property shall be instituted and
conducted under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, in the mode prescribed by the
eighty-ninth and ninetieth sections of the act of j
March second, seventeen hundred and ninety- j
nine, entitled "An act to regulate the collection ■
of duties on impoits and tonnage." And any I
agent or agents, person or peisonb, by or through !
whom such property shall crime within the lines ]
of the United States unlawfully, as aforesaid, |
shall be judged guilty of a misdemeanor, and on :
conviction thereof shall he fined m any sum not j
exceeding one thousand dollars, or imprisoned i
for any time not exceeding one year, or both, at j
the discretion of the court. And the fines, pen- j
alties, and forfeitures accruing under this act may ,
be mitigated or lemitted m the mode prescribed [
by the act of March thiee, seventeen hundred and .
ninety-seven, or in such manner, in special cases,
as the Secretary of theTreasury may prescribe.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the fifth
section of the act to further provide for the col-
lection of the revenue upon the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontier,and for other
purposes, approved July fourteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, shall be so construed as to
allow the temporary officers which have been or
may be appointed at ports which have been or
may be opened or established in States declared
to be in insurrection by the proclamation of the
President on the first of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, the same compensation which by
law is allowed to permanent officers of the same
position, or the ordinary compensation of special
agents, as the Secretary of the Treasury may de-
termine.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enactcd, That it shall
be the duty of every officer or private of the reg-
ular or volunteer forces of the United States, or
any officer, sailor, or marine in the naval service
of the United States upon the inland waters of the
United States, who may take or receive any such
abandoned property, or cotton, sugar, rice, or to-
bacco, from persons in such insurrectionary dis-
tricts, or have it under his control, to turn the
same over to an agent appointed as aforesaid,
who shall give a receipt therefor; and in case he
shall refuse or neglect so to do, he shall be tried
by a court-martial, and shall be dismissed from
the service, or, if an officer, reduced to the ranks,
or suffer such other punishment as said court
shall order, with the approval of the President
of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That none of
the provisions of this act shall apply to any law-
ful maritime prize by the naval forces of the Uni-
ted States.
Approved, March 12, 1863.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—A Resolution for increasing the Bond of
the Superintendent of Public Printing.
Whereas the amount of money which can be
advanced to the Superintendent of the Public
Printing, under existing laws, is not sufficient to
enable him to meet the current expenditures of
his office: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and TTouse of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the said Superintendent be re-
quired to furnish a new bond in the penal sum
of forty thousand doliais.
Approved, December 18, 1862.
No. 2.—A Resolution in relation to certain Maps.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thar, with a view of expediting the
issue uf the annual leport of the General Land
Office, the public printer is hereby authorized to
contract for the lithographing of the maps of the
several States and Territories which may accom-
pany the same, except in regard to the connected
map accompanying the last annua! report of the
public lands east and west of the Mississippi, iu
regard to which the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is hereby authorized to procure
an engraved plate thereof, to be peifected by add-
ing from time to time the further surveys that
may be made.
Approved, January 6, 1863.
No. 3.—Joint Resolution to grant the use of a
portion of Judicial y Square for a Free Libiary
and Reading Room for Soldiers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
ativta of the United Statts of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized to grant to John A.
Fowle and Elida 1>. ftumsey the use of a portion
of the land owned by the United States, and
known as Judiciary Square, to erect thereon,
free from chaige to the United States, a suitable
building for a soldiers' free library and reading
room for soldiers: Provided, That the same can
be done without piejudice to the public interests,
and provided that ail expenses shall be borne by
