890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Now, if gentlemen prefer that these offices shall ;
remain vacant until the rebel States return and !
they can be filled under the law, very well, i do !
not believe that is right. I do not believe that it ;
is the part of good fellowship, or comity, or po~
liteness to our southern brethren who are in re- 1
volt, that we Khali keep vacant these places for i
them to fill immediately upon their return to the i
Union. J think we should take advantage of the j
situation in which we are placed, and take care of '
that business now. I
But let us look a little further at the policy of j
this matter. Here we have increased our Navy ;
from five or six thousand seamen to thirty thou- j
sand seamen. We require officers. We are now;
employing acting officers ofthe Navy, volunteer !
officers, at §1,200, $1,500, and §1,800 salaries, to
fill positions that these young men, after being two
years in the Naval School, can fill much more ac-
ceptably and much more for the interest of the
country, at a much smaller compensation.
Now, shall wc have the advantage of the train-
ing of this school? There is nobody acquainted
with naval affairs but what will tell you that these
lads, after two years training at the Naval School,
are much more efficient and desirable naval offi-
cers than almost any of the volunteer officers of
the Navy. The Government requires officers to
govern the seamen; and as a matter of economy,
shall we employ these young men, or shall we
trust to hiring acting officers at much higher com-
pensation, and who will do much less efficient
service? These are the questions of good sense
and policy which I desite the House to pass
upon. A member may feel that his personal
rights or feelings have been somewhat outraged.
But suppose you turn these boys out*of the
school, and go back to the policy of the law,
you do not put anybody in the places of these
seventy-six that you displace. You cannot do it.
You have no right to do it. You cannot even
suggest to the Secretary—which 1 think would be
a much more judicious course—the names of boys
to fill the sixty or seventy places now vacant—
places which the Secretary desires to fill, so us
to bring the school up to its maximum number
of five hundred and live, or five hundred and
fifteen.
It does seem to me, sir, that if, forgetting tho
past, which may have had its errors and mistakes,
instead of turning these boys out of the school,
and thus placing them in the Navy as midshipmen
without the necessary instruction", members would
goon and aid the Department with their advice and
with the su^gi'stiou ofthe names of pioper person*
to fill the existing vacancies, and thus secure good
officers and shut out the southern States, who
haw justly deserved it by their rebellion, from
filling these places, we should do ourselves much
more crcdtt as men of sense than we should do by
suffering our feelings to overcome our judgments
and undertaking to displace these boys, it is a
matter of economy ami also of justice and fair-
ness to these lads, because this will be regarded
as a disgrace to them, whatever term you may
apply io u; they will consider themselves dis-
graced, driven from the school after having been
there for six months at the public expense when
they had no right to be there; it will mortify them,
and be an act of entirely unnecessary cruelty, in
my judgment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. SEDGWICK. These interruptions have
bo disturbed other gentlemen that I prefer to yield
the floor altogether; for perhaps I have suggested
all that 1 desired to say on this subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. "I desired only to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will answer every ques-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question that I wns
going to propose was this. 1 had indicated that
I was opposed to turning these boys out. I am
sorry to see anything like a sectional turn given
to this debate; but since the gentleman has given
it ihat turn, I ask htm what justice there is in it?
From my own Slate, Air example, there are in the
Federal Army at this time very many boys of a
suitable age to go to the Naval Academy s and who
would be exceedingly glad to go there. None of
them can ,be appointed because they happen to
have no Igopresentatives here.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I have no objection to
Tennessee having her representation in the Naval
Academy; none whatever. And when I speak
of the southern States, I mean the States that are
rebellious and out of the Union by their acts of
secession.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. There are no States out
of the Union.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I mean the so-called con-
federate States, pretending to be Qput of the Union.
I do not have any charity for them. I have no
sympathy for them, and no desire that the Rep-
resentatives who are on this floor shall wait one
moment for them to return and put boys in the
Naval School. I repeat that I have no objection
to such States as Tennessee being fully repre-
sented in the Naval and Military Academies.
Mr. MAYNARD. But unfortunately our dis-
tricts are not represented in this House.
Mr. SEDGWICK. No matter. They have
got able Representatives who can anawer for those
that are unrepresented.
Mr. MAYNARD. But our recommendation
will not be acted on.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The members from Ten-
nessee may recommend all the appointments that
that State would be entitled to if all the districts
were represented.
Mr. DAWES. The Secretary of the Navy is
about forming a class now, to be examined on the
20th of February. I want to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether that is such a class as was formed
in the fail, outside of the old and ordinary provis-
ions of law, or whether it is a class formed in
conformity with law?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I understand itto be pre-
cisely this: the Secretary takes the number of
districts  
Mr. DAWES. You do not understand my
question.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes, I do, and I am going
to answer it. The Secretary takes the number
of districts in the rebel States; appointments not
having been recommended from these districts, it
belonged to the Executive to fill the vacancies. It
is a mere matter of courtesy, and not a right of
law, by which these appointments are distributed
among Representatives; and yet if Congress had
been in session, or if members had represented
to the Secretary that they desired appointments
for their districts, these appointments might have
been evenly distributed. * I have no doubt that
their suggestions would have been attended to.
Mr. DAWES. Then it is as I supposed it was.
The class to be formed on the dOth of February
is a class made up of those students whose places
would ordinarily he filled from the seceded States.
That class is being formed by sending around to
the Representatives of the different districts and
notifying them and asking them to nominate. I
want to know whether the Secretary of the Navy
could not just a.-; wl! have done that in regard to
the class formed m the fall, rather than send to
gentlemen in the city of New York, asking them
to he kind enough to nominate two or three boys
in my district, and send to other people to nom-
inate in some other gentleman's district? That is
what 1 complain of; I see the law justas my friend
from New York sees it.
Mr. SEDGWICK. In reply to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, I desire to say that the form-
ation of the class just pnor to the 1st of October,
when the examination took place, was a very sud-
den matter. It was suggested, suddenly, that
these unrepresented districts should have their
scholars in the Naval Academy. I understand
that the process was this: the matter was brought
before the Attorney General, and the Constitution
was examined. The question was brought before
the Cabinet and President,and they all concuired
in saying that the class should be formed. Con-
gress not being in session, and it being a hurried
matter, t hey took up the applications that had been
made to the President. I understand that there
had been nearly a thousand applications for the
twenty appointments which the President had in
his hands. They took up these recommendations,
the letters from the boys themselves and their
friends, and selected out of them the class that
was formed. Now, that Congress is in session,
I have no doubt that the representations of mem-
bers of Congress will be listened to m the form-
ation of the new class.
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Chai rman, I am willing
to condemn emphatically, by any resolution that
this House can pass, the unauthorized act of the
Secretary of the Navy in appointing this class;
and yet I hope it is not inconsistent to say that
I do not want to turn out these boys. I have not
been convinced by the constitutional argument of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,]
any more than I have been touched by the sec-
tional sympathies to which he appeals on behalf
of the Secretary of the Navy. This law has stood
on the statute-books for many years, without its
constitutionality having been impugned. It was
never impugned during those administrations m
which the South is said to have held sway and to
have appropriated too large a share of the military
and naval appointments. This law was passed
with a view of distributing equally through the
whole of the United States, according to their rep-
resentation in Congress, these appointments to
the Naval Academy, as they had been theretofore
distributed for the Military Academy. In neither
case was the constitutionality of such provisions
ever questioned; the scruple is now first raised
when the appointments are unduly appropriated
to another section.
But, Mr. Chairman, the reason why I shall
vote in such a way as, if possible, not to remove
these boys is, that I think we can so frame a res-
olution as to condemn this particular act,and pro-
vide against its recurrence, without blighting the
career of these young men who have entered upon
it under what they supposed to be the lawful sanc-
tion of the Government of their country. It is
conceded that these young men are needed for
the public service. If they are dismissed, others
ought to be immediately appointed. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] observes
that they have already received the advantages of
some eight or nine months' instruction, and that
that ought to content them. I look upon the ques-
tion in a different light. If they have already re-
ceived eight or nine months' instruction, they are
the better qualified to render sooner that service
which the country demands of them. This is,
with me, a paramount consideration for their re-
tention.
My friend from Kentucky [Mr. Wadswoutii]
who sits hereby me, seeing the iinc of argument
that I am adopting, asks me if 1 have any boys at
the Academy. No, sir, I have not. None ofthe
boys named m this paper are kith or kin to me.
So far as I can discover their paternity from their
names, and from the names of those recommend-
ing them, as given in this printed list, there is not
one of them whose father belongs to that political
oiganization to which I have always belonged.
Not one of ihem was appointed on my recom-
mendation.
Mr. KELLEY. If my colleague will look at
the appointment from my district, he will find
thatthe boyis a member of a family which never,
probably, m any branch, young or old, cast a
vote that would sustain the present Administra-
tion, or any of its measures.
Mr. BIDDLE. What is the name?
Mr. KELLEY. He is the son of the late Horn
R. Kneass, our professional brother, and often-
times a candidate ofthe gentleman's party.
Mr. BIDDLE. He is a gentleman some time
sincedead. I am glad Ins son is appointed. What
my colleague has remaiked in reference to the
appointment in his own district is doubtless cor-
rect, but the remarks I have made refer to my own
district. Here is, for instance, a young Peirce.
He is the son, I presume, of Wiiluim S. Peirce,
of Philadelphia, whose name is in this list, a gen-
tleman whom my colleague, who has just taken
Ius seat, knows is the last man who could be ehar-
acteuzed as a political fnend of mine. Here is
the name of Allen Paul. He is the son of James
W . Paul, an active Republican. Here is the name
of John Forsyth Meigs, a son, doubtless, of Dr.
John Forsyth Meigs, of Philadelphia, also a Re-
publican. So far as I know, there is not a lad
upon this list having the remotest personal or
political connection with me.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman yield to me
a moment?
Mr. BIDDLE. I will.
Mr. ELIOT. I am obliged to the gentleman
because he mude the remark the other day that
one of these young men was appointed in his dis-
trict upon my recommendation. Now, I wantto
explain—and 1 presume it will be a fair sample of
the circumstances under which other gentlemen
here have given recommendations—how it was
