1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that this young man was appointed on my recom-
mendation.
This young Jenks, one of the constituents of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, is an orphan
boy who happens to be the ward of a person who
has been for many years an intimate friend attd
relative of mine. I recollect the boy during all
his fife. At the time when this class was being
formed—although I know nothmgofthe formation
of a class at all—I received a letter from him de-
siring me to say in writing to the Secretary of the
Navy what I knew in regard to this young Jenks.
Having known him for a long time, it gave me
great pleasure to do what I was requested to do. I
sentaletter,and by and by 1 heard that the lad had
been appointed.
These a re the circumstances under which I wrote
that letter and under which this appointment was
made. I did not know whose district he was from.
H e is an orphan; there is no political question or
political influence about it one way or the other.
He is a fine young man, and will do my friend
and his district great credit.
That is all I have had to do about the matter.
If these boys have been appointed owing to the
indiscretion of the Secretary of the Navy orowing
to the indiscretion of anybody, it is not their fault,
and I hope the House will not do them the injus-
tice now to pass such a provision as the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland provides
for. Do not let us do it.
Mr. RIDDLE. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts lias fallen into a slight error in supposing
the boy of whom he is speaking was from my
district. When the other day jrentlemen were
scrutinizing the appointments of these boys from
their respective districts, I mentioned thata young
man whom I recognized as bearing a very respect-
able name, familiar to me in Bucks and Mont-
gomery counties, Pennsylvania, had been tecom-
mended by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and by his colleague the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner.] The district is the one rep-
resented by my friend herefrom the seventh, [Mr.
Stiles.] I referred to the case as one to be added
to the number made on the recommendation of
gentlemen from Massachusetts.
Mr. ELIOT. Would it be asking too much for
the gentleman to yield for one moment more?
Mr. BiDDLE. I will not object if no one else
does.
Mr. ELIOT. I merely desired to say a word
in reply to the complaint that has been made in
regard to there being an unequal distribution of
these appointments among the various membeis
of the House. There were, as I undeistand.some
forty boys who had been lecommended to ih*
President. The President had their papers hi his
possession. The Secretary of the Navy, when it
was determined to fill this class, sent to the Pres-
ident for these papers; and wh  n the boys, upon
the examination of their papers, weie found to be
strongly and well rec-mmended, they were taken
by him without reference to whero they came
from, for there was no timo then to send to the
members in their various districts for suggestions.
Gentlemen will remember that this determination
to fill the class was only made in August, and the
examinations were to be made in September. The
Secretary of the Navy could not, therefore, do as
he might have done if Congress had been in ses-
sion, or if he had had a longer time in which to
make selections for appointments.
Mr. BIDDLE. I certainly have no personal
feeling upon this subject. The only matter of feel-
ing I have iiad at all in refeience to it was when,
as a member of Congress, I was giving to those
who applied to me the assurance that there were
no vacancies, and that there was no means of
reaching the Naval Academy except in accordance
with the provisions of the law; yet at the same
time, without my knowledge or any public, notice,
persons were being appointed in this ineguiar
way; and perhaps the very persons w ho applied
to me for information were prevented from seek-
ing and obtaining these appointments by the state-
ment which i made to them. Some little irrita-
tion I may have felt at this, as others have. But,
sir, nevertheless, I amilhng, so far as I am con-
cerned, t'"> accent this class as appointed by the
Secretary if there can be added a proviso that the
Secretary of the Navy must not do so any more.
[Laugh ter.] 1 now yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Calvert.]
Mr. CALVERT obtained the floor.
Mr, EDWARDS. I rise to a question of order.
I submitthat the gentleman from Maryland,having
spoken once upon this question, is not entitled to
the floor again until others wishing to speak have
been heard.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that
the question now before the committee is on the
amendment to the amendment. The gentleman
from Maryland has not spoken upon that ques-
tion.
Mr. CALVERT. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yielded the floor to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire the floor for a mo-
ment.
Mr. CALVERT. X am upon the floor, and I
must beg gentlemen to desist from interrupting
me.
Mr. Chairman, when I introduced thisamend-
mentj I did not suppose it would give cause for so
much excitement in this House. I find a great
many misstatements made here in order to shield
the Secretary of the Navy. I find the gentleman
from Illinois saying that every member has the
right to make two of these appointments legally.
Now, sir, I never had that right conferred upon
me. I never had the right of appointing but one
conferred upon me; so that these gentlemen who
have appointed two have got a great ways ahead
of me and of a good many others around me.
But, sir, I understand entirely why the chair-
man of the Naval Committee should defend this
act, for if you will look over the list of appoint-
ments you will find that he not only appointed
his two legally, but that he has also appointed
two out of these seventy-six.
Mr. HOLMAN. Who do I understand the
gentleman to say has appointed such an extraor-
dinary nurnbej ?
ij Mr. CALVERT. I was saying that the chair-
i' man of the Naval Committee had not only ap-
ji pointed the two to which he was legally entitled,
i| but two of these seventy-six midshipmen illegally
jl appointed seetn to have been appointed upon his
jj recommendation. I know of but one member of
•j this House who has had so many appointments,
and he is not now present. I refer to Mr. Blair,
jj ofMissomi. These are the only two whose rec-
ti ommendations sef-m to have been respected.
!| Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman will
j; allow me to correct him, he will see by looking
|] over his list that the gentleman from New York
i' recommended onlv one on that list.
;; Mr. LOVEJOY rose.
Mr. CALVERT. I must call the gentleman
1 to order. 1 do not yield the floor. All I have to
say that I am 2[1 id the chairman of the Naval
;! Committee of this House seems to have had some
! weight, for as a general thing gentlemen in the
jj other end of the Capitol are the only persons
whose opinions seem to be entitled to respect.
That has been my experience at the Departments,
lie says in that report, which was unanimously
adopted by the Senate, that the appointment must
be on the recommendation of the member of Con-
gtess representing the district in which the appli-
cant resides.
That report goes on still further in reference to
the constitutionality of this matter. The chair-
man of the Navul Committee has raised that ques-
tion in the House to-day. I will show my au-
thority for disputing his argument on that ques-
tion. 1 quote the language of the Senator from
New Hampshire, the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee of the Senate. He uses the following lan-
guage:
The committee, affrn c:ircful consideration ofthelinv«<
relating to the appointment ot mul-lnpnvn, are of the opin-
ion tii.it tlx: authority o( the Prevalenttr> appointat huge is
expressly limited to the appointment of ten, as prescribed
I))- the eleventh section otthe aet to establish and equalize
the giades ot line olheers in the Navy.1*
I believe that answers the constitutional ques-
tion which has been attempted to be raised here
bv several gentlemen in debate.
Now I want to an«wer the argument of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] that the
Secretary of the Navy had no opportunity to con-
sult the members of Congress in reference to these
appointments. Let me tell thatgentleman that I,
living near the city, called frequently at the Navy
Department to know whether 1 could appoint or
recommend some one to theNaval Academy, and
that I was told invariably that there was no ap-
poinUnentor r< commendation to come fro'm mo.
Mr. ELIOT. Let me say a word.
Mr. CALVERT. No, sir, I cannot yield to
thcgentleman from Massachusetts; he has talked
on this subject long enough.
Now, si , I wantto say further,that the House
had this subject under consideration, and that it
passed a bill for filling xip the appointments in
the Naval Academy. The Secretary of the Navy
ought to have known that Congress was consid-
ering the subject of making these appointments,
for This House passed a bill on this subject in
July, 1861, which the Senate indefinitely post-
poned. During the discussion on that bill, 1 well
iccollect that it was proposed in this House and
rejected that the appointments for the southern
States should be filled. They, however, passed
a hill authorizing each member to make one ap-
pointment of a midshipman to the Naval Academy.
That was indefinitely postponed.
I propose to amend my amendment at the proper
time, and to put it in a shape that 1 think will
command the approbation of the House. I trust,
sir, that this-House will not be carried away by
the specious arguments of gentlemen who come
here to defend the Secretary of the Navy in this
gross outrage upon our own rights. It will not
do for them to talk about the constitutionality of
members appointing cadets to the Naval Academy
when every statute upon your books providing
for those appointments requires that they should
be made on the recommendation of the members
of Congress representing the districts in which the
applicants reside. The Secretary of the Navy,
by the manner in which he has made these ap-
pointments from the State of Maryland, has pre-
cluded me from having an appointment for a long
time in the Naval Academy.
The two from Maryland who have been ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Navy among these
seventy-six illegally appointed midshipmen have
been appointed from my own district. The law
specially provides that the appointment should be
made from different districts, and not from the
same district. Indeed, sir, the Secietaiy of the
Navy in this whole matter has disregarded every
law of Congress making provision for the appoint-
ment of midshipmen. 1 trust the House will so
far respect its own dignity as to rebuke this pal-
pable usurpation of power on the pait of the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate on this sec-
tion, of which gentlemen do not seem to have
grown the least tired.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. McKnicht reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of'the
Union had, according toorder, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
Navy appropriation bill, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all furtherdebate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the pending section of the Navy
appropriation bill, be closed within five minutes
after its consideration shall be resumed.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
to make it ten minutes instead of five.
The amendment was disagreed to; and Mr.
Stevens's motion was then adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
(Mr. McKnight in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the bill (Fl. R. No. 708) mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending 30th of June, 1864.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
section has been closed, by order of the House, in
five minutes.
Mr. WA DSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I come
from a State that has no representative in these
seventy-six appointments, jo that f can with jus-
tice say, literally, that [ have no boys among them,
ft was' myself, sir, that asked the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Biodlk] whether he had any
boys in this squad of appointments. If he had
understood my question as I putit, he would have
said that he hnd some boys; because his district
