802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
had #omr boys among those appointments; and
all the boys of my district arc my boys. I am
-hero, sir, now to defend their right to appointment
to the Naval School. Somegentleman ask us, what
have these boys thus appointed done that they
should be turned out? Have they done wrong-?
What wrong have the-Kentucky boys done that
they should be excluded, that they cannothave one
appointment out of seventy-six? They have at
least tlte right to have one boy out of seventy-six.
Sonu; States have thirteen, some sixteen, and yet
my State has not one. It is argued that these ap-
pointments were legally made; that the President
alone has the power to appoint; and that we can-
noteven recommend. You will always find some-
body here to apologize for usurpations of power
while it has any further favors to grant. The
late Secretary of War said that had he been in
office the resolution of censure passed by this
House would not have been passed. That gen-
tleman, at that time, held a high appointment un-
der this Administration, and was on the eve of his
departure for Europe, with the declaration on his
hps that he could always control Congress when
in office. Shall we prove his saying true by our
conduct in this affair?
We do not appoint, but recommend to the ap-
pointing power only. The law organizing this
school provides that the midshipmen shall be ap-
pointed on recommendations from members of
Congress and from the districts. That was the
law obeyed by the former Secretaries and Pres-
idents; but it has been set at naught by the pres-
ent Secretary of the Navy. I do not wonder at
it. At a time when such gigantic powers are
daily unlawfully exorcised, it was thought a small
thing like this could be done without any obser-
vation whatever. It creates a little feeling, how-
ever, when gentlemen on tin's floor, with port-
folios full of the applications of those who nave
been desirous to serve the Government, and who
have been knocking at the door of the Secretary
of the Navy for one additional appointment, are
turned aside, afterwards to find that these appoint-
ments arc in violation oflawmultiplied on the nom-
ination of the personal or political friends of the
appointing power. Sir, this is a most disgusting
exhibition of official meanness. AgroatState like
mine is to have no appointment, while the gallant
boys there are willing to shed their blood for the
glorious flag of otir country; while other States
have sixteen and thirteen appointments each, on
the recommendation of personal friends. These
boys and their friends are responsible for this
thing to some extent. They have pressed the De-
partment to make these appointments in violation
of law, and without notice to the country. It is be-
cause of the clamor of these boys and their friends
that injustice has been done to my State and other
States. The appointmentof these hoys has been
demanded ofthe Administration, and this pressure
has caused it to violate the enactments of the stat-
ute. These boys and their friends, by the influ-
ence they have unduly and illegally exercised on
the Department, are responsible to sonic extent
for this outrage on the rights of the lads of my
State. I protest against it, for one. I feel out-
raged by it. 1 look upon it as one of the meanest
acts that a great Government could be guilty of,
thus to trample down the statute in attempting to
fill vacant appointments from seceded States in the
way which it has been done. The law represents
the congressional districts in the school equally:
this official usurpation represents only personal
and political insolence and greed.
Mr. CALVERT. 1 propose to modify my oii-
ginal amendment by offering the following in lieu
of it:
Provided, That no part of the appruptiations mack' by this
act shall ho applied to the pay or maintenance of the sev-
enty-M.\ acting mid>hipmen appoints! during the recess of
Countess by tlx; Secrctaiy of the Navy in \ uilation of jaw ;
the names of Mid s-evenU —ix midshipmen b<ing contained
in Evecuttve Document No 6, furnished by the Seeretruy
in reply to a r^Mthmon of the House ot Representative;?:
oflntiproru/eiJ rtiso, That '-aid imd*hipmun l>^ disehaiyvil
from tb'-> -\Taval Academy in consequence of their illegal
appointment.
Mr. OLIN. I oppose the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debateisnotin order. The
question now recurs upon the following amend-
ment. in the nature of a substitute for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, which was
submitted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
[Mr. McPherson:]
Resolved, That the acting midshipmen appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy during the late recess of Congress
as named in Executive Document No. 6, House of Repre-
sentatives. third session. Thiity-Seventh Congress, < hali be
at once discharged from the Naval Academv; and no part
of any money that shall be appropriated shall be applied in
payment of > aid cadets after the passage of this act.
The question was taken, and Mr. McPherson's
amendment was rejected; there being, on division
—ayes 35. noes 53.
Mr. OLIN. I move to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland by striking out
the last proviso. I of course do that, Mr. Chair-
man, to enable me to say a word on this measure.
I ask the House whether this controversy does
not resolve itself into just this: by existing laws
it was supposed that the nominations to that Naval
Academy were with members of Congiess. By
the exigencies of the present condition of affairs,
members from the seceded States, so called, omit-
ted to send to thatNaval School the ordinary num-
ber that would fill it up. Congress at the last ses-
sion omitted to "provide any law, though pressed
on its attention, on this subject; and the ordinary
laws did nojt make provision for the contingency
which has arisen in the way I have stated. The
original power, conferred on members of Con-
gress, was a mere concession to a kind of popu-
lar clamor to authorize members of Congress
to make the nominations to this school. Those
nominations were to be confirmed by the act of
the President himself.
Now, sir, I say that it was a wise measure, that
it was a measure demanded by the exigency of
the country, that this school should be filled up.
The Secretary of the Navy, under the authority
and advice of the Attorney General of the United
States, made these nominations. He has made
no nomination at my solicitation. He has not
consulted me on this subject, as is likely the case
with many members who occupy the position
before the House and the country that I do.
Still, it was a measure eminently demanded by
the public service. In my judgment the Secretary
of the Navy did perfectly right in filling up that
school. Now, here, the American Congress is
carrying on a controversy as to whether the Sec-
retary of the Navy has not asserted some au-
thority not conferred on him, but which ought to
have been conferred on members of Congress. It
may be gratifying for members upon this floor to
go up to the Depaitment and solicit the appoint-
ment of this or that man to an office. It cer-
tainly is not to me an agreeable duty. I think
that duty has been performed as well by the Sec-
retary of the Navy as it would have been by
the members of Congress; and I do submit that
the House by its present action is rather hum-
bling itself.
Mi. RICE, of Massachusetts. I want to say
one word, and that is, that the gentleman is mis-
taken in the statement that he makes, that the
Secretary of the Navy filled up the Naval Acad-
emy. He did not do that, as I understand it. He
only formed a class. There are one hundred
and thirty-nine vacancies existing to-day, and
members of Congress can provide by law lor the
manner in which those vacancies shall be filled
Before we get into a heat of excitemcntabout the
abridgment of our privileges, it would be quite
proper to see whether the law is as stated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASH BURNE. Mr. Chairman, I do not
wish to see heat on this subject, and I hope that
the House will deliberately consider it. I do not
see any occasion for passion, but if gentlemen
show some feeling at this invasion of their priv-
j ileges by the Secretary of the Navy, it may be
j considered as rather natural. The existing law
i provides—
"• That no appointment of midshipman, acting midship-
man, or pupit at any naval f-cltool thai! be made except
recommended by the member of Congress representing the
distiiftin which the applicant resides, in the same manner
tii.it cadets at Went Point arc appointed.''
That is the existing law, as I understand it.
The modifications which have recently been made,
; j under what the gentleman from New York pleases
;j to call a popular Hamor, are, I consider, the wisest
ij provisions upon the statute-book in regard to the
!! Naval Academy and the West Point Academy.
Itprevents men at the national capital appointing
!j favoiites, by giving to the Representatives of the
!■ people, in every district, all "over the country, the
right to appoint cadets to the West Point and
; midshipmen to the Naval Academy from their
i various districts. It is a just and a pioper law.
Mr. OLIN. May not the President refuse to
appoint?
Mr. WASHBURNE, Yes; but he lias never
refused to do so. Since the enactment of that pro-
vision of law, every Administration hasrecognized
the right of members of Congress to nominate to
West Point and to the Naval Academy. But the
present Secretary of the Navy, in order to accom-
plish his purpose, sets himself up as the supreme
law of the land. Look at his report, and notice
in what insulting language he refers to the popular
branch of Congress. He says:
i( Whatever may be thought of the propriety of surren-
dering to the popular branch of the legislative department
ol the Government appointments, oi the control of appoint-
ment, expressly confided, in all cases, by the Constitution
to other departments, of the Government, and never to either
branch of Congress, or of the policy ot mingling the legis-
lative authority with executive duties, the practice of the
Depaitment has been to make the lule of appointment ac-
cord with the laws which are enacted. It is not necessary
to discuss in this place the right of Congtees to prescribe
the locality from which appointments shall be made. As
an indication of a disposition that the naval officers .should
be distributed throughout the country, the Executive has
made it a point to confoun, as far as piacticable, to the rule
or regulation indicated in the several Jaws upon the sub-
ject."
That is the compliment the Secretary of the
Navy pays to the House of Representatives. In
another paragraph he continues as follows:
" When, therefore, the period approached for the forma-
tion of the class ofthe present year, and there remained a
large number of vacancies unsuppiied, it was concluded to
fill up the Academy by appointments for some of the va-
cancies cieated by the rebellion. Such a course of action,
plainly demanded by the exigencies of the public seivice,
appeared to bo in accordance with the policy and spint of
the act of July 16, 1862, though some of the piovisions of
that i\ct, as it was passed, appear to be expressed in inapt
terni^j and to be, indeed, to home extent, confused, if not
contradictory."
There is another compliment which the Secre-
tary of the Navy pays to the law-making power
of the Government.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois to permit me to read from the letter
ofthe Secretary of the Navy, under date of Decem-
ber 6,1862, a paragiaph similar to those just read.
It is as follows:
" For the reasons partly indicated in the report, the De-
partment considers that the appointment* have been made
by full authority of law, although the exigencies of the ser-
vice and the condition of the country would not permit a
compliance with previous! usage, nor, in all ie&pects, a Ptuet
compliance with the letter of lecent enactments, apparently
restricting the power of appointment confided by pievious
laws, and by the Constitution, to the Executive.5J
Mr. OLIN. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew it. There is one phase
of this discussion to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the House; and that is, that upon the
result of this vote depends not only the tenancy
of the present class in the Navy, but also the ap-
pointment of another class by the Secretary of
the Navy. He has given the House fair notice
that unless theyact upon this matter adversely he
shall proceed to make these appointments. I think
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. IIice] is
mistaken as to the number of vacancies. The
whole number of vacancies may be, as he says,
one hundred and thirty-nine.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. It is not.
Mr. PIKE. But if he be correct, quite a num-
ber of those vacancies belong to the members on
this floor. The Secretary of the Navy has not
only notified the House that he shall proceed, in
the absence of adverse action, to make this ap-
pointment of another class, but he has alyu noti-
fied the House in his annual report that he con-
siders this whole machinery of recommendations
on the part of members of the House unconstitu-
tional. Now, query: will he not consider non-
action on the part of the House not only ap-
proval of his past action, but also as approval of
ilis argument against the constitutionality of the
present law? And if he so considers if, he may
go on making appointments ad infinitum, or until
the fillingup of the school, to the exclusion ofthe
lights of members of Congress as they have al-
ways been exercised.
Now, I disagree with the position taken by the
: chairman of the Naval Committee, [Mr. Si.du-
!j wick,] who says that if t4te House acts on this
I matter they have no power of removal, and that
if we eject these boys from the school they can
take their places as midshipmen in the Navy. By
what authority r Surely thcPrcsidentofthe Uni-
ted States has no authority to go on without law
