1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and without the consent of the Senate and fill up
the Navy! And if he has no such authority m
respect to those who have not passed through the
Naval School, he surely has no right, by placing
persons in the Naval School for some three orfour
months, in derogation of law, to put them, when
taken from the school, upon the decks of our ships.
Mf. WICKLIFFE. ff I understand the law
as read by the gentleman from Illinois, it does not
limit the right of'memhers to a mere recommend-
ation, but it is a restriction upon the Executive,
th-n he shall not appoint any boy to that school
unless lie be recommended by the Representative
of his district.
Mr. PIKE. That is all there is of the law.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then he has violated the
law.
Mr. PIKE. ThelawoftheNaval School is also
the law of the Military Academy, and gentlemen
who are friends of the Military Academy should
beware how they act m this matter, lest they de-
stroy the popular support from which the Acad-
emy derives its existence. Let this practice go
into effect, that the Secretaries may, at their pleas-
ure, fill up the Naval School and the Military
Academy, and you will find that the present feel-
ing against both of these institutions will rise to a
height that will destroy both; for without the aid
that js derived from appointments from the various
congressional districts of the country, neither of
thein could exist to-day.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
Mr. EDWARDS. I oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine, and I desire to say,
in the first place, that it seems to be admitted that
these appointments have been made without law.
If it had not been admitted, it would be clearly
demonstrated. The only law thatgavethe Sccie-
tary of the Navy any semblance of authority to
make them is the proviso to the act of 1863; and
that proviso does not take effect until after March,
1863. if, then, there is no law by which these
appointments were authorized to be made by the
Senetary of the Navy, what condition will these
boys stand in if we do not pass any amendment
of this descuption to this appropriation bill, or
in some other way legislate on the subject? They
stand there without law. Are they to be contin-
ued there without law? Are they to be paid there
without law? Are they to be advanced from that
position, according to the rules of promotion, with-
out law ? I think that these are serious questions
for the House to consider.
[jut, sir, my objection is not only to the appoint-
ments as illegal, but also as to the manner in which
the appointees have been selected. If the Secre-
tary of the Navy thought it necessary to assume
a responsibility unsanctioned by law, under a sup-
posed necessity, he should at least have exercised
that responsibility according to the spnit of the
existing law regulating such appointments.
Now, sir, what is the spirit of the law regula-
ting appointments to West Point and to the Naval
Academy ? It is that the whole country, the whole
loyal country, shall share equally in those appoint-
ments. Sir, this rijjht of appointment to these
institutions is not a privilege to the Representa-
tive or Delegate, but it is a privilege to the con-
gressional district that he represents, the privilege
of sharing in the advantages of these two national
schools m common with all the other districts in
the country, and thus to furnish its due proportion
of its sons to enter upon a course of education
which may enable them to rise to the highest po-
sition in both the great arms of our national de-
fense. It is then for the purpose of making this im-
partial distribution of the benefits of these schools
among the whole people that the rule was estab-
lished, and it accomplishes this better than any
other rule which could have been devised.
Now, sir, if the Secretary had regarded that
principle, I could have passed over as less objec-
tionable Ins misinterpretation of the law; but in-
stead of that, he has not only acted without au-
thority of law, but he has selected the seventy-six
lads who have been sent to the school through the
exercise of every species of favoritism. Six were
appointed by one Senator, and two or three by
others; and you find that a gentleman in the city of
Boston, for whom I have great respect, has had six
appointments made upon his recommendation—
four on his name alone, and two on it in connec-
tion with others—although he is not a member of
either House of Congress, Other appointments
have been made upon the recommendation of gen-
tlemen known only in their particular localities, to
the exclusion of the voice of the members of this
House, and all without any regard to the princi-
ple of equal and impartial distribution.
Sir, 1 should be willing that the principle which
has been established in reference to these institu-
tions should be extended to the entire patronage
of this Administration, or any other Administra-
tion.
[£Iere the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS, I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to provide that no more appointments
of this character shall be made.
I was saying,sir, that I wish the principle which
has been established in relation to the appoint-
ment of cadets and midshipmen should be ex-
tended as far as practicable with due regard to
the interests of the public service, even to the De-
partments in this city. If one district has a right
to share in the patronage of the Administration,
every other district has a right to share in it, pro-
vided they present suitable men; and I wish to
protest heie against that favoritism which fills
up all the Departments here at the suggestion of
gentlemen who happen to rank a little higher as
members of the Congress than do gentlemen of
this House, and who have only to ask to have
their requests granted, while the requests of mem-
bers of this House are shoved aside, passed by,
and refused. I should be in favor, therefore, of
this rule of distribution throughout the country,
which, in its wisdom, Congress has applied to the
appointments to these two schools being, as far
as practicable, applied to the selection of clerks
and other subordinates in all the Departments. I
would not propose to enact that into a law, but I
would commend to the heads of the Departments to
carry out the principle which has been recognized
by Congress and embodied in the statute-books,
with much more impartiality than they now do.
Then young men coming here from different parts
of the country, and desiring to enter the service
of the Government for the ordinary emoluments,
would have their fair chance of obtaining employ-
ment, provided they were possessed of the requisite
qualifications,a condition which is now attached to
the privilege given to congressional districts of fur-
nishing cadets to the Military or Naval Academies.
They must possess qualifications entitling them
to admission under the law. This is all right; and
with the same restrictions as to all other appoint-
ments by the Government, I would have some-
thing like equity in the distribution of the public
offices between the various congressional distucts
so far as practicable.
Now, in regard to this matter of the Naval Acad-
emy, I do not complain that our State has not had
its share of these midshipmen. It has had three
of them; but not a single one is from the district
that i represent. They have been all taken from
a distant part of the State, not on the voice of the
people of the State or of the several districts, but
of those who have had the influence to secure the
appointments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
I oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman
from New Hampshire. I suppose there is not a
member present who does not concede that these
appointments were made in violation of law. I
believe, furthermore, that the head of the Depart-
ment knew they were in violation of law, and
assumed that authority knowing that he was vio-
lating the law of the land and the right of mem-
bers of this House. For these reasons I shall
vote for the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Calvert,] and hope that its
adoption will bo a timely and just rebuke to the
Secretary of the Navy, i do not desire to argue
the question, but I wish to have this much put
upon record as my opinion. I think we ought not
to be mealy-mouthed about it. Where an official
of high position attempts to override the law, and
the privileges and rights of citizens of the coun-
try and members of the House, it ia right and
proper for us, by a solemn vote, to declare our
opinion. It is asked what we shall do with these
boys. If I had the power I would make some
provision for them. They are not at fault. It
is their friends and the appointing power that are
at fault. But I am not willing, out of mere sym-
pathy for these boys, whom I highly respect, to
excuse a high official for such a violation of the
law.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 find, Mr. Chairman, that
there will be no end to this discussion unless we
close the mouths of members. I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Dawes having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Mc-
Knight reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consid*
eration the naval appropriation bill, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate upon
the section and pending1 amendments close in one
minute after the committee shall have resumed its
consideration.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend by in-
serting five minutes.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. Stevens's motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Wholeon thestateof theUnion, (Mr. McKnight
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill, the pending question be-
ing on Mr, Calvert's amendment, all debate on
the section and pending amendment being closed
in one minute by order of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lovejoy
and Calvert were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move as an additional sec-
tion the following amendment:
Sec. —. And be itjurtker enacted. That hereafter, while
tins rebellion hii-ts, every congressional district in the loyal
States 'shall have one additional nomination ot midship-
men, to be appointed, as heretofore, on the nomination of
the members.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to modify his amendment by mak-
ing it read, (i members of the House of Repre-
sentatives."
Mr. STEVENS, I have no objection. The
amendment states they are to be nominated as
heretofore.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that he will insert
the word " present," making it read: u members
of the present House of Representatives;" so that
these midshipmen may be appointed now.
Mr. EDWARDS. The amendment provides
that midshipmen shall be appointed on the nom-
ination of members of the House, That means
the whole body. I suppose the gentleman means
on the nomination of the member from his dis-
trict.
Mr. STEVENS. It provides that the nomina-
tions shall bo made as heretofore.
Mr. WATTS. I suggest that Delegates from
Territories shall also have the ri<*ht to nominate.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to amend by in-
serting before the word "rebellion" the word
" the," instead of "this." Otherwise it might
seem to be the rebellion against the Secretary of
the Navy.
Mr. STEVENS accepted the modification.
Mr. ROSCOE CONK-LING. I propose to add
the words u the first of said appointments to be
made on the nomination of the members of the
present House."
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding, as follows:
And that the members ofihe present House ot Ilepreseiit-
ative< shall each be entitled to make mie additional nom-
ination lor midshipman to the Naval Acjidetny.
Mr. TODD. I ask the gentleman to include
Delegates from Territories.
Mr. COLFAX. I make that modification.
Mr. Colfax's amendment, as modified, was
adopted.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended.
