1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2§fc:
Laws of the United States.
37th Cons....3d
isfaction of the claim of said Freeman for expenses
incurred by him in repairs to the United States
court-house in Boston.
Approved, February 3,1363.
Chap. XXX.—An Act to authorize the Court of
Claims of the United States to hear and de-
termine the Claim of the Heirs of Stephen
Johnston, deceased.
Whereas by an act of Congress, passed July
twentieth, eighteen hundred and forty, for the re-
lief of the children of Stephen Johnston, deceased,
said heirs were thereby authorized to surrender
to the United States certain lands, and to receive
in lieu thereof a certificate " receivable in pay-
ment at any land office of the United States for
any half section of land not subject to preemp-
tion;" and whereas said heirs, in pursuance of
the provisions of said act, did, on the second day
of February, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
forty-one, surrender said land, and did receive a
certificate as aforesaid, and did thereafter twice
make application to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office for the purchase of one half
section of the public lands of the United States
with said certificate, which several applications
were refused by said Commissioner, although at
the time of said applications the lands applied for
were duly authorized to be sold; and whereas it
was the manifest intention of Congress, by the
passage of said act, to give to said heirs the right
to make choice of and purchase with said certifi-
cate any half section of the public lands of the
United Slates, in order to compensate said heirs
for the loss of a judicious selection of land granted
to them by the provisions of a treaty made by the
United States with the Pottawatomie Indians on
the sixteenth day of October, anno Domini eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-six; and whereas since
the passage of said act,"and the issuing of said
certificate, the most valuable lands of the United
States have been disposed of and made subject to
preemption, and the holders of the certificate have
been deprived of the use thereof in the purchase
of such valuable lands by reason of the decisions
aforesaid; and whereas there are now no public
lands of the United States upon which said cer-
tificate could be used affording anything like a
just compensation to said heirs for the loss of a
judicious selection for them under the provisions
of the treaty aforesaid: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the claim of the heirs of Stephen
Johnston, deceased, be, and the same is hereby,
referred buck to the Court of Claims of the Uni-
ted States, together with the record and papers of
the case of Stephen Johnston and others against
the United States, formerly heard in said court;
thereupon said court is authorized and directed to
order proof to be taken of the value of such a
selection of one half section of land within the
boundai les of the treaty aforesaid as said heirs
were justly and equitably entitled to, as it was on
the second day of February, anno Domini eigh-
teen hundred and forty-one; and in estimating the
value of such a selection as it was on the day
aforesaid, all or any improvements upon the land
so valued shall not be considered, but the value of
such a selection shall be estimated considering its
natural advantages of position, &c., and any in-
crease of value from extrinsic and general causes
to the date aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when the
value of such a selection shall be so ascertained
by the proof, and thereupon determined by the
court, which is hereby required, said court shall
add interest upon the value so determined from
February second,eighteen hundied and forty-one,
and thereupon to ascertain and determine what
amount of land scrip of the United States,as here-
inafter provided, may be necessary to be issued
to said heirs in compensation and satisfaction of
the amount so ascertained and determined by the
court. And thereupon said court shall order the
amount so ascertained to be issued. And the Sec-
retary of the interior of the United States shall,
and he is hereby authorized and required, upon
the order aforesaid, and the surrender of the land
certificate now held by said heirs to the United
States, to cause to be issued to said heirs, to wit:
Neat Series—-No. 16.
To Stephen Johnston and his heirs and assigns,
and to Eliza Winans and her heirs and assigns,
in equal proportions, severally, land scrip of the
United States to the amount ascertained and de-
termined by the court as aforesaid, which scrip
shall be receivable in payment for any lands of
the United States subject to private entry, the
minimum price of which does not exceed one dol-
lar and twenty-five cents per acre for each acre
mentioned in the certificates of scrip so issued;
and said land scrip, if offered,shall be receivable
in payment of any lands of the United States the
sale of which is authorized by law, the value of
said scrip to be estimated at one dollar and twen-
ty-five cents for each acre of land therein named.
That is to say,scrip for eighty acres of land shall
be deemed to be of the value of one hundred dol-
lars, and shall be received as so much money when
ofTeied in payment of land worth more than one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, and the same
rule shall apply to the scrip issued for a greater
or less number of acres; and said land scrip shall,
moreover, be assignable by indorsement,attested
by two witnesses,and shall be issued in legal sub-
divisions in the following manner, to wit: for
each section to be issued one certificate of scrip
for one hundred and sixty acres, four certificates
for eighty acres each, and four certificates for
forty acres each: Provided, That if there shall be
any fraction less than forty acres to make up the
amount to be issued, the same shall be so issued:
Aiid provided further, That when so issued and
delivered shall be in full satisfaction and adjust-
ment of the claim aforesaid.
Approved, February 9, 1863.
Chap. XXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Isaac
Vanderpoel.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized anddirected toallow
to Isaac Vanderpoel, late United States Aimy
Pension Agent, at Albany, New York, in hisac-
count with the Government of the United States
of [tensions paid by him, the item of two hundred
and six dollars and sixty-six cents, ($206 66,)
paid on the tenth of October, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, to George Hamilton, purporting to
act as attorney for Elizabeth Vanderiieyden, a
pensioner under the act of third of February, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three.
Approved, February 10, 1863.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act for the Relief of the
Owners of the Norwegian Bark Admiral P. ;
Tordenskiold. i
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprc- !
sentaiives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress j
assembled, That there be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
the order of the proper functionary of his Ma-
jesty the King of Sweden and Norway, the sum
of fourteen thousand three hundred and nine dol-
lars and thirteen cents, in coin, as full compen-
sation to the owners of the Norwegian baik Ad-
miral P. Tordenskiold, or their legal representa-
tives, for damages sustained by the said bark by
reason of being prevented by the commander of
the United States blockadingforce at Charleston,
in May, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, from
leaving the said port with cargo, the said bark
having innocently entered during a brief interval
in which the blockading force was absent.
Approved, February 14, 1863.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Jo-
seph W. Dyer, Ansel L. Dyer, and William
W. Dyer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed to pay, out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriat-
ed, to Joseph W. Dyer, Ansel L. Dyer, and Wil-
liam W. Dyer, th<? sum of five hundred and forty-
nine dollars and sixty cents, being for tonnage
duties wrongfully exacted from the ship Corin-
thian by the collector of the port of New Orleans
in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
eight.
Approved, February 18, 1863.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Cyrus
Clapp and his Guarantors or Sureties.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Cyrus Clapp and his guarantors
or sureties, of the State of Iowa, be, and they
hereby are, forever discharged and released from
all liability to the Government of the United
States, or the Post Office Department of said Gov-
ernment, on account of the failure of the said
Cyrus Clapp to comply with certain mail contracts
on routes Nos. 10935 and 10936, in the State of
Iowa.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage.
Approved, February 18, 1863.
Chap. XL.—An Act for the Relief of John Cra-
dlebaugh.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and lie is hereby, authorized and directed, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to pay to John Cradlebaugh, one of the
justices of the supreme court of the Territory of
Utah, the sum of eleven hundred and five dollars,
in full for the expenses of removing the records,
seal, papers, library, and other appurtenances of"
the disti ict court of the second judicial district of
the said Territory from Provo City to Genoa, or
Carson City, in the year eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine.
Approved, February 18, 1863.
Chap. XLI.—An Act for the Relief of certain of
the Crew of the Ship Nightingale.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed to pay, fiom any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriat-
ed, to Charles Smith, Andrew Laird, John Lord,
William Smith,tied Antonio Frank, thirty-seven
dollars and fifty cents each, and to Robert Brent
thirty dollars, in full for their services on board
the ship Nightingale in her late voyage from Liv-
erpool to the coast of Africa.
Approved, February 19, 1863.
Chap. XL1I.—An Act for the Relief of Ignatius
C. Mattingly, Postmaster at Bardstown, Ken-
tucky.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Sixth Auditor of the Treas-
ury, in the settlement of the accounts of Ignatius
C. Mattingly, postmaster at Bardstown, Ken-
tucky, be directed to allow to said Mattingly the
sum of three hundred and ninety dollars, the
amount of postage stamps and money accrued
from postages belonging to the Post Office Depart-
ment, forcibly taken from him by a rebel force
under the command of John Morgan, upon said
Mattingly exhibiting satisfactory proof that the
said amount was taken from him without com-
plicity, negligence, or deficiency of duty on his
part.
Approved, February 19, 1863.
Chap. XLVIII.—An Act for the Benefit of Simon
and Emanuel Bamberger.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
shall have, and is hereby invested with, the power
to grant remission of the forfeitures of a recog-
nizance acknowledged and taken before Hon.
Bland Ballard, judge of the United States court
for the district of Kentucky, wherein Hemmen
Franko is principal in the sum of five thousand
dollars, and Emanuel Bamberger and Simon Bam-
berger his sureties in the sum of two thousand
