896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12.
ade is not necessarily limited. The law provides
that a brigade shall not be less than a specific num-
ber, but it may be more—as many more as the
proper authorities please. We know the fact that
the number of men in our regiments in the field is
very greatly reduced,so that many of them are but
skeletons of regiments. The idea that we must
have a brigadier general for every four regiments
which are at their minimum, and taking the whole
four, perhaps, do not amount to a thousand men
in many cases, is simply an absurdity; and yet
the estimate of the number of commanders, as I
understand, is predicated on something like that
Nov/, with reference to the bill we are about to
pass, to provide soldiers, it is not an additional
number of soldiers to those wc now have in the
field, but to make up for those who will probably
go out of service and to fill up the ranks of the old
legiments to a certain extent, not of necessity to
make additional regiments and additional brigades,
but to supply what may be a want of the country
arising fiom our soldiers going out of service and
from losses in the service in one way and another.
Now, sir, nobody supposes that at any one time
we have had or shall have over a million men in
the fii-lU, and the question is not, as the Senator
from New York suggests, what do the officers, the
men acquainted with military affairs, advise. We
do notknow that they advise anything in relation
to the matter. All the knowledge we have is simply
an extraordinary, disproportioned list of a laige
number of men sent in here as officers to be con-
firmed by us. The Committee on Military Affairs
cone.edethat thatis altogether unnecessary. They
concede by their report that the number sent to
un is double what is needed, and yet they ask us
to be guided by the expression of military men
on that subject, when that is the only expression
we have. The committee strike it down one half,
and then ask us to take the judgment of military
men for that. Why not as well ask us to take the
same judgment for the whole list? i am for get-
tinefas many soldiers and making as many officers
as are needed, but I am not for imposing on the
Treasury a burden of two or three millions a year
lor major generals and brigadier generals who are
not needed.
Wu wcie told in some remarks made a day or
two ago by the honorable Senator who stands at
the head of the Military Committee, that we make
many more officers in proportion to the men than
foreign armies do,and now we are invited substan-
tial! y to go to the minimum of brigades and divis-
ions on which to predicate thenumber of brigadier
and major generals to be appointed. The country
cannot bear it, sir.
I think it wise to confine them for another rea-
son, and that is that if the number is not confined,
th«  result will be precisely what we have wit-
nessed heretofore. Not a day parses that we do
not have some now names sent in to be appointed
eilher major generals or brigadier generals, or
something of that kind, it is as well to come to
a pause m that respect. Let us fix as many as
we think aie necessary; and although we are not
military men, we certainly can judge as well as
others can who do not seem to have any rule on
the subject except simply the rule of gratifying
everybody who asks for an appointment. I im-
pute ro particulai fault to the Executive or any-
body who comes here and desues to be made a
btigadipr or a major general. As I said the other
day, if he is in the military line, he can get some-
body and somebody of consequence connected
with the civil Departments of the Government to
rr commend him, and the idea seems to be that in
such case his name is to be sent to the Senate, and
then the Senate may approve or disapprove it,
just as they like. So long as that principle is acted
upon, and it to be the only one, there will
b" no end to this unless we fix the number as
small as we can got along with, tie them there,
and then under the benign influence of an amend-
ment svhi'-h my friend from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] had put upon one of the appropriation bills
The other day, we shall not have so many of these
appointments made in the recess, because they
will be sure not to be confirmed. I think it will
be very much better for the Army itself to have
a smaller number. It will put an'end, or at least
I hope it will, to the continual leaves of absence
that are gi anted to officers who come-heie and
spend their time about this city soliciting some-
body to recommend them as brigadier or major
generals. In my judgment, looking at what has
taken place in reference to the Army, it seems to
me that the old idea of getting honors in military
life by military service has been abandoned, and
the road to honor has been selected as that one
which is to be followed through papers signed by
people who know nothing of the merits of those
men for whom they sign, but sign simply because
they are constituents or acquaintances of some
other sort. I think it is well to put an end to it.
1 believe that twenty major generals and fifty brig-
adiers will be enough. We shall then have sixty
major generals, enough 1 should think for an army
of a million of men, and two hundred and fifty
brigadiers, which is more than the proportion ac-
cording to a proper subdivision. I think the rest
can be made out by colonels serving as brigadiers—
they always like to do it—until at any rate we'
meet again, when we can enlarge the number if it
shall then he found necessary.
Mr. KING. 1 should deem it proper to say
something of the manner in which the Committee
on Military Affairs act upon the measures which
they present to the Senate, in reply to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Maine that this bill had
not been carefully considered by them, and was
not their mature judgment made up from inform-
ation before them, if the chairman, who reported
the bill from the committee, had not expressed
some hesitation as to the numbers. The commit-
tee came to the conclusion unanimously to report
the numbers fixed in this bill; and I supposed it
was done deliberately. If the chairman of the
Military Committee, from arfy subsequentinform-
ation or from any not then communicated to the
committee, supposes that a less number will an-
swer, with that difference of opinion in the Mili-
tary Committee, we can scarcely expect the Senate
to be united upon it or to depend upon the action
of the committee. My own judgment is that the
number fixed in the bill is the better one; and if
we have additional forces we may need more of
these officers. The construction of law upon which
the executive department has acted has not proved
to be the judgment of the Senate. Although no
direct official action of the Senate has yet been taken
to decide it, sufficient has transpired to show that
the judgment of the Senate is that there were only
so many of these officers authorized to be ap-
pointed by the Executive as were fixed by the
limit of the law of the last session. That being
so, it is necessary to authorize by law any addi-
tional number before they can be appointed. I
shall ask for a division of the Senate on the amend-
ment, and I should like to have the chairman of
the Military Com mittee express his opinion again.
1 understood him to express some doubt yester-
day morning, though I had supposed he approved
the number named m the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Maine says thatif this report had been
based on actual figures or a certainty, he should
not take issue with the committee; he should pay
more deference to the repoit of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misappre-
hended what I said. 1 know he does not mean to
do so. What I said was this: if the Committee
on Military Affairs comes into the Senate, and
says from its careful examination as a committee,
of this subject, it is satisfied that the Government
needs such a number of major generals and such
a number of brigadiers in addition to those now
allowed bylaw, I will not undertake to set up my
judgment contrary to the judgment of the com-
mittee. I understand that is not so.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Thatis sub-
stantially what I desired to state as the Senator's
position. The Senator must know, and every
Senator must know, that we could not say pre-
cisely the number that was absolutely necessary;
that there would be a difference of opinion m the
committee and among Senatois, in regard to the
number that was necessary. This, however, has
been no hasty conclusion. The subject has been :
reflected upon and inquired into for weeks. Some
of us certainly commenced with a strong dispo-
sition to make no change whatever, with the con-
viction that the number limited bv the law of the
last session was ample and sufficient. I inclined
| strongly to that opinion. But, sir, I found that
i the Government had made these nominations, and
j that the Secretary of War was very earnest in the
I opinion that they needed the whole number they
< had sent in here.
Mr. GRIMES. What was the opinion of offi-
cers of the Army ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Iowa asks me what was the opinion of
officers of the Army? I suppose their opinions
were divided. I know some men think we have
already too many officers; others think otherwise.
Now, sir, it was upon this opinion of the Secretary
of War, upon these divided sentiments here in the
Senate, upon these divided opinions in the com-
mittee, that this number was fixed upon as on the
whole the best number to take. It is a mere mat-
ter of judgment, and not a matter of certainty.
The Senator from Maine is just as good a judge
of that matter as I am.
It will be remembered that when the volunteer
regiments were brought into the field, they num-
bered one* thousand men each, as a general rule.
They have been largely reduced. We had one
hundred and thirty-nine regiments under Rose-
crans in the battle ofMurfreesboro'. If those reg-
iments had been full, that would have made a force
of one hundred and forty thousand men. We had
about forty-five thousand men in that action.
Based on the original organization, there should
have been forty-five general officers in that Army.
I do not know how many they have. The army
of the Potomac has about three hundred and fifty
men to a regiment on an average; and they would
have of course about a hundred brigadier generals.
They ought to have thirty-two major generals in
that army more than we have got now. On the
theory of giving a division to a major general, a
corps to a major general, and a major general in
command, I think you want about thirty-three
major generals in that army.
Mr. GRIMES. A major general commanding
about twelve hundred men in that case.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. By the
course of events, the regiments have been reduced;
and the question is, ought not a larger number of
regiments to be put into a brigade? In some cases
they have been. Some brigades contain four reg-
iments, and some five or six. Some of the bri-
gades have been consolidated, and I think they
could be consolidated to a larger extent. I say,
therefore, that this number of thirty major gene-
rals and seventy brigadier generals is based not
upon absolute certainty of what is needed, but
upon the best conclusion the committee could
come at on the subject.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. How many vacanciesare there
now existing in the corps of major generals?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Twelve, I
think.
Mr. GRIMES. How many vacanciesare there
in the corps of brigadier generals ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. About
twenty-five or thirty. I had the list made up.
The Register, as published, is not precisely cor-
rect. I had the Secretary the other day to go over
the records of the Senate and mark the names of
them, and even then I found two errors in his
report, although he spent four hours, as he told
me, in going over the records of the Senate and
making the most thorough investigation.
Mr. GRIMES. Then we are to understand
that as the law now stands, there are twelve va-
cancies to be filled in the corps of major generals,
and some thirty in the corps of brigadiergenerals.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Forty-nine major generals have been sent in to
fill those vacancies and for new appointments,
and about one hundred and fifty-one or one hun-
dred and fifty-two brigadiers.
Mr. KING. I want to call the attention of the
chairman 
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will suspend his remarks. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, it is incumbent on the
Chair to rail up for consideration the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senate will consent to
allow us to take a vote on this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question to the Senate. The special or-
der of the day is the unfinished business of yes-
terday, which is the bill (S. No. 486) to provide
a national currency, secured by a pledge of Uni~
