898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
such right as to enter into a compact with the
United Statesirrepealahle in its character? Why,
Mr. President, suppose this act shall be passed,
and suppose the State of Missouri, by her Legis-
lature, shall assent to it, as is contemplated in the
bill; suppose that she shall agree that it shall be
irrepealabie; and carry it further: suppose that
the people of Missouri shall meet in solemn con-
vention, and there declare and make it a provis-
ion of their constitution that, in consideration of
the passage of this act, slavery shall never there-
after be one of the domestic institutions of that
State, but shall cease thenceforth and forever to
exist in that State, what binding force would there
be in such a decree, in such a constitutional pro-
vision by the people of Missouri ? Is it not a car-
dinal principle in our system of government that
the people, in their sovereign capacity, may. from
time to time, change and alter their organic law?
Can a provision incorporated, if you please, into
the constitution of the State of Missouri, that 1
slavery shall never thereafter exist in that State, j
preclude and prevent a future sovereign conven- 1
tion of the people of Missouri from reestablishing j
slavery within their limits ? If that is not so, then I
all the lessons of the past have been illusory;
then we have been taught wrong in reference to
the principles of free government. A sovereign
convention of the people of Missouri, at any sub-
sequent period, may treat as naught this provis-
ion of this act, and may reestablish the system
of domestic slavery in that State.
But, sir, 1 am not without high authority to sup-
port the view which I here present. It is no new
question. Fortunately for us, however much dis-
regarded the teachings of the fathers may be at j
the present hour, they live and shine upon the j
pages of history and in the public records of the
country, in I&22 a Mil was passed by the Con-
gress of the United States making an appropria-
tion of money to complete the Cumberland road.
Mr. Monroe was then President of the United
States, and he sent to Congress a special message
stating his objections at length to the bill, in which
he considered fully the nature and character of the
system of government under jyhich we live and the
powers of the Federal Congress to appropriate
money out of the public Treasury for special and
particular objects, He vetoed that bill, and in his
veto message of the 4th of May, 1822, in refer-
ence to this power of a State to surrender its sove-
reignty, he held this language:
"I am of opinion that Congress does not possess this
power—that the Sute*, individually, cannot grant it; for
although thev may assent to the appioprtation of money
Within their limits for such purposes, they can grant no
power of jurisdiction or soveieignty by special compacts
With the United States. Tins powei can be giant^d only
by an amendment to the Constitution, and in the mode pre-
BCiibed by it-"
Whence,then, Mr. President, is the power de-
rived to appropriate §10,000,000 or $20,000,000, or
any sum of money, by the Federal Congress to
aid the State of Missouri in the emancipation of
her slaves? It may be said by some that it is
derived from the svar power of the Government.
This power is so vague, so indefinite, I may say
so fanciful, that you cannot locate, cannot define
it. No two friends of the exercise of this power
will agree in reference to its extent, or in refer-
ence to the subject-matter to which it may be ap-
plied. My own opinion is that the powers of this
Government are the same in war that they are in
pcace; that a state of war does not and cannot
enlarge the constitutional powers of tho Federal
Congress. Those powers are specifically stated
and defined in the Federal Constitution; and when
war bursts forth and rages in this country, the
powers of the Federal Governmentdo not thereby
become enlarged, but the Government must be
administered strictly upon the principles and with-
in the powers conferred upon it by the written
Constitution.
If there is anything which will cause the de-
struction of civil liberty in this country, if there is
any tiling which will change the whole nature of our
Federal Union and Federal systemof government,
it will be this claim on the part of the dominant
pany, in a state of war, to d<> whatever a majority
may think best under the cirrumstam-es to he
done, irrespective of the piovisions of the Fed-
eral Constitution. Sir, have we not seen already,
since this war commenced, enough of the alarm-
ing strides of power, under this assumed war
power of die Government, to give alarm to every
friend ojf constitutional and civil liberty? To di-
gress somewhat—but it is not a very material
digression—upon what ground is it that all the
arbitrary arrests 1n the country have been made
except on this same ground of the war power of
the Government, and the absolute necessity which
overrides and ignores constitutional provisions?
Whence is it that we have seen the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus attempted by the Exec-
utive of the United States, except in compliance
with what is said to be this same extraordinary,
expansive war power of the General Government?
As claimed by its friends, there is no act which
the Federal Administration can possibly do, if
they believe it to be necessary or proper to aid
in the suppression of the rebellion, that they may
not do under this undefined and undefinable war
power.
But, sir, if there be any provision of the Con-
stitution under which this power of giving aid to
the State of Missouri can be legitimately claimed,
it is under another provision of the Constitution,
that which gives to Congress the right44 to lay and
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay
the debts, and provide for the common defense
and general welfare of the United States." If the
power to give this aid to the State of Missouri
exist at all under the Federal Constitution, it must
exist by virtue of this provision of the eighth sec-
tion of the first article of the Constitution of the
United States, and cannot exist elsewhere. At
this late day, after the true meaning of thatclause
of the Federal Constitution has been so fully con-
sidered and explained both by commentators upon
the Constitution and byjudicial decision, it would
be surprising, indeed, if any one could assert that
the power to give aid to the State of Missouri to
emancipate her slaves could possibly be derived
from the power to lay and collect faxes. What
is the meaning of that clause of the Constitution
which gives Congress the power " to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay
the debts, and provide for the common defense
and general welfare of the United States?"
In the early history of the Government it was
contended by some that the two clauses of this
section of the Constitution were distinct; that " to
lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises,
to pay the debts," was one distinct substantive
powergiven to Congress;and thatthelatterclause,
" to provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States,"constituted another
disunctsubstantive power in Congress. Butthat
view of the meaning of this provision of the Con-
stitution was abandoned with the very inception
of the Federal Government, and there has been
no respectable authoiity since that has ever ad-
vocated it. Mr. Justice Story in his woik upon
the Constitution of the United States treats of that
power simply as one that Congress may " lay
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, in
oider to pay the debts and provide for the com-
mon defense and general welfare of the United
States.*' He con tends, as is contended by all public
writers on this question, that to provide forthegen-
eial welfare and the common defense is not a dis-
tinct substantive power conferred unon Congress.
In the language of Mr. Monroe in his special mes-
sage to which I have referred, and also in the lan-
guage of Mr. Justice Story, and in the language
of the United States court in the case of McCul-
loch, it has been decided to mean th.it the power
to lay taxes, &c., was simply in order to pay the
debts and provide for the general welfare and com-
mon defense; that the objects were special, and
that those objects were expressly enumerated in
the Federal Constitution.
As they contended, and as is apparent from
reason and reflection, a power, as a substantive
power, to provide for the common defense and
general welfare, would render entirely inopeiative
and of no effect the former part of the provision,
which says that taxes shall be levied for the pur-
pose of paying the debts, &c. It would, in other
words, be giving to the Federal Congress, in the
language of Justice Storv, and m the language of
Mr. ?flonroe, in his message, a power to do what-
ever they thought was for the general welfare or
for the common defense. In other words, an un-
limited , absolute, unrestricted power over the Fed-
eral Treasury, depending upon no fixed punn-
ples, defined by no fixed rules, but resting m the
arbitrary will, in the fancy, if you please, of the
particular members of the Federal Congress who
for the time being might occupy seats upon this
floor. One Congress might suppose it would be
for the common defense and general welfaie to
dig a canal across the continent, or to build a rail-
road across the continent, or to build innumerable
railroads and to construct innumerable canals.
Then, if there was no limitation upon their power
to appropriate money out of the public Treas-
ury except their own will, who should question
their act? The public Treasury might be bank-
rupt, the finances of the country might be ruined,
the industry of the country paralyzed, and yet
there would be no power to question the wisdom
or the rightfulness of their action, because they,
being intrusted with the power, would be the exclu-
sive judges whether the common defense and gen-
eral welfare required such appropriations. Let
me read from Mr. Monroe's message:
The powers specifically granted to Congiess are what
are called tiie enumerated powers, and are numbered in the
ordei in winch they stand, among which that contained in
the first clause holds the first place m point of importance.
If the powei cieated by the iattei part of the clause is con-
sidered an original grant, unconnected with, and independ-
ent of, the fiist, as in that case it must be, then the first part
is enuiely done away, as are all the other grants in the Con-
stitution, being completely absorbed in the transcendent
power granted in the latter part. But if the clause be con-
strued in the sense contended for, then every part lias an
important meaning and effect; not a line, a word, in it ia
superfluous. A power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-
posts, and excises, subjects to the call of Congress every
branch of the public revenue, internal and external; and
the addition, to pay the debts and provide for the common
defense and general welfare, gives the right of applying the
money raised ; that is, of appropiiating it to the purposes
specified, accoiding to a proper construction of the terms."
Mr. President, let me present one view of this
question in this connection to the members of the
Senate and to the majority of this body, and let us
see how false is the assumption that, under this
power of providing for the general welfare, they
can pass this bill. The Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson] says it will be for the general
welfare, by bringing peace to Missouri and caus-
ing the strife in that State between contending
armies to cease. \ et us see whether Senators
would or could consistently with their conscien-
tious convictions, sworn to support the Constitu- -
tion of the United States, give to such a measure
their support in the view I am about to present.
There are as many men in this country this day,
if you take the whole country North and South,
who believe that by establishing the system of
domestic slavery in every State in this Union you
would restore the integrity of the Government and
cause the national flag again to wave over every
foot of American soil, as believe that by your in-
terference, either direct or indirect, with the in-
stitution of African slavery you would bring about
such a result.
Now, I submit to the Senate, and I submit to
the country, whether, if men pntcrtainingthe views
I have stated wore in Che majority here, if the ma-
jority of this Chamber believed that to give aid
to the States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, Ver-
mont, Ohio,and other free States, to establish the
system of African slavery m their midst, would
be a means of restoring the fraternal feelings be-
tween the different members of this Confederacy,
they would find it consistent with their constitu-
tional obligations to give the measure their support.
Suppose that the so-called confederate congress at
Richmond were to send to you a message here to-
day, establish the system of African slavery m
every State of the Union, and we lay down our
arms; we agree to live in harmony and in peace with
you for all futuie time." Suppose that proposition
was distinctly made, and suppose this Congress
had the fum assurance and the full belief that by
the establishment of the system of slavery through-
out the whole of the United States the integrity of
the Union would be preserved, a perfect reunion
would take place, war would ccase, the heavenly
angel of peace would again spread her wings over
a united,happy, and prosperous people, I ask you,
Senators, though the result might be national in-
tegrity, though the reward of your effort might
be a wsrored Union, though it would cause again
! son to be restored to father, and father to son,
| could you find it consistent with your sworn duty,
! ncting'under this written Constitution, to takeeven
the first steps towards the consummation of any
such purpose ?
Then, sir, we should be met upon this floor
with the assurance that you had no right to ap-
propriate money out of the public Treasury for
