186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
year's delay, ay, sir, every week's delay in deal-
ing death to slavery leaves just so much of oppor-
tunity to the rebellion; for so long as slavery is
allowed to exist in Missouri the rebellion will still
struggle, not without hope for its ancicntmastcry.
But let slavery cease at once and all this will be
changed. There will be no room for controversy
or debate with its attending weakness, nor can
reaction lift its crest. There will be no opportu-
nity to the rebellion, which must cease all efforts
there, when Missouri can no longer be a slave
State. Freedom will become our watchful, gen-
erous, and invincible ally, while the well-being,
the happiness, the repose, and the renown of Mis-
souri will be established forever.
Thus for, sir, I have presented the argument on
grounds peculiar to this case; and here I might
8top, Having shown that, as a military necessity,
and for the sake of that economy which it is our
duty to cultivate, emancipation must be imme-
diate, 1 need not go further; but I do not content
myself here. The whole question is open be-
tween immediate emancipation and prospective
emancipation; or, in other words, between doing
right at once and doing it at some distant future
day. Procrastination is the thief not only of
time, but of virtue itself. But such is the nature
of man that he is disposed always to delay, so
that he doos nothing to-day which he can put off
till to-morrow. Perhaps m no single matter has
this disposition been more apparent than with
regard to slavery. Every consideration of hu-
manity, justice, religion, reason, common §ense,
and history, all demanded the instant cessation
of an intolerable wrong, without procrastination
or delay. But human nature would not yield,
and we have been dm en to argue the question
whether an outrage, asserting property m man,
denying1 the conjugal relation, annulling the pa-
rental relation, shut ting out human improvement,
and robbing; its victim of ail the fruits of his in-
dustry—the whole, in order to compel woik with-
out wages—should be stopped instantly or grad-
ually. It is only when we regard slavery m its
essential elements, and look at its unutterable and
unquestionable atrocity, that we can fully rom-
prehendthe mingled folly and wickedness of this
question, if it weie merely a question of econ-
omy, or a question of policy, then the Senate
might properly debate whether the change should
be instant or gradual; but considerations of econ-
omy and policy are all absorbed in the higher
claims of justice and humanity. There is no ques-
tion whether justice and humanity shall be imme-
diate or gradual. Men are to cease at once from
wrong doing; they are to obey the Ten Command-
ments instantly and not gradually.
Senators who argue for piospcctive emancipa-
tion show themselves insensible to the true char-
acter of slavery, or insensible to the requnements
of reason. One or the other of these alternatives
must be accepted.
Shall property in man be disowned immediately
or only prospectively ? Reason answers imme-
diately.
Shall the parental relation be recognized imme-
diately or only prospectively ? Reason is indig-
nant at the question.
Shall the conjugal relation be maintained im-
mediately or only prospectively ? Reason recoils
from the wicked absuulity of the inquiry.
Shall the opportunities of knowledge, including
the right to read the Book of Life, be opened im-
mediately or prospectively r Reason brands the
idea of delay as impious.
Shall the fruits of his own industry be given to
u man immediately or prospectively r Reason in-
sists that every man shall have his own without
postponement.
And history, thank God : speaking by exam-
ples, testifies in conformity with reason. The con-
clusion ia irresistible. If you would contribute
to the strength and glory of the United States; if
you would bless Missouri; if you would benefit
the slave-master; if you would" elevate the slave;
and still fuither, if you would afford an example
which shall fortify and sanctify the Republic,
making it at once citadel and temple, do not put off
the day of freedom. In this case, more than in
any other, he gives twice who quickly gives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ak-tuony
in the chair.) The question is on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole,
as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. That, as I understand, is the
question on the substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; it
strikes out the whole of the original bill.
Mr. SUMNER, I should like to have the yeas
and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold. Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis Dixon. Doohttle, Foot,Foster, Harris, Hen-
derson. Hicks Howaid, Flovve, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas.
Latham, MeDougaM, Morrill, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wall,
Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Mis-
soui i—20.
NAYS—Mc«n. Fesscnden, Giimes, Hardinc, Ilailan,
King, Lane of Indiana, Poraeroy, Sunnier, Wade, and
Wilkinson—It).
So the amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. CARLILE and Mr. POWELL called for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill; and
they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall vote for this bill on
its final passage; but it will be because I know it
is to go back to the House of Representatives,
where it can undergo consideration, and where I
trust a hill will be at last matured that will em-
body the true principle which ought to govern this
gieat question.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HICKS (after first voting in the negative)
said: 1 ask leave of the Senate to withdraw my
voto. I hod entirely forgotten that I had paired
off with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Wil-
ley,] who was underthc necessity of going home.
1 have voted during the day on various amend-
ments without thinking of that anangement, and
I desire it to go upon the Journal that 1 had voted
under a misapprehension. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, if he were present, would vote for the hill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
done if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. RFCIIARDSON. I am authorized by the
Senator fiom Minnesota, [Mr. Rice,] not now in
his seat, to state that on the passage of the bill,
had he been present, he would have voted " nay."
The result was then announced-—yeas 23, nays
18; as follows;
y EAS—Anthony, ArnoH. Chandler. Clark, Col-
lamei, Dnolmle, Poor, Foster, Ilailan, Hams newlen-.on,
ffouatJ. Jloive, Ktru, Lane oI Kanvis. Morrill, Pomeroy.
Sumnc i, Ti umbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wit-
son uf
N\YS—Messrs. Caihlc, Cowan, Davis, Fesscnden,
Guinea. Haulms. Kennedy. Lane of Indiana, Latham, Mc-
Doupall, Nennuh, I'owell, lltch«ud«on. Saulsbury, Ten
Eyck, Tuijue, Wall, and Wilson of Missouri—18.
So the bill was passed.
collection of the revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
506) to prevent and punish frauds upon the reve-
nue, to provide for the mote certain and speedy
collection of claims in favor of the United States,
and for other purposes. It is a bill about which
there can be no dispute.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Secretary read the bill.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with several amendments. The first amendment
of the committee was in section one, line seven,
to strilo1 out the woid " sellitia;," and insert the
wouls " owning or shipping;" in line eight, to
strike outthe word " sold,"and to insert the word
"purchased;" in line eleven, to strike out the
word "seller," and to insert the word " pur-
chaser;5 'and m line twelve,after the word " and,"
to insert the words " said invoices;" so that it will
read:
That ftoin and after the l-'t day of Jul", 1S63. all invoices
of cood-, wares, ,uul merchandise lnipoited from any for-
eign country into the United States shall ho made in trip-
In ate, and sinned by the person or per-on^ owning or ship-
ping -aid goods vwues oi merchandise, if the s,amc have
actually boon pnrctuwd, oi by the manufacturer or owner
theieot, if the same have boon pioemed otherwise than by
pu)ehase,or hy lite duly authonzcd agent of Mich purchaser,
manuiaciureij oi uwnei ; and said invoices shall, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
twelve, after the word "shall," to strike out the
words 14as soon as may be after the purchase
thereof, or, if the same shall have been procured
otherwise than by purchase, at or before the ship"
ment thereof."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to move a slight
amendment in that proposed amendment. Then*
is a mistake in it as it now stands. The words
to be stricken out should end with the word
" purchase," in the fourteenth line, so as to leave
the words " at or before the shipment thereof."
The words to be stricken out.are, "as soon as
may be after the purchase thereof, or, if the Same
shall have been piocured otherwise than by pur-
chase."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified if there be no objection.
The Chair hears none.
Thcamendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section one, line eighteen, to striko out the word
"seller," and to insert the word 41 purchaser."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section one, line ninety-two after the word " int"
to strike out the following words :
Such sum as the Secretary of the Treasury may by regu-
lation direct, conditioned for the pioduction of said tripli-
cate, or ot copy of the same, certified by the consul, vie©
consul, or commeicial agent, to whom the same was origin-
ally produced, within eight months from the time of Baid
entrv.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Double thcamountof duty apparently due, conditioned
for the payment of the duty which fdiall he found to be act-
ually due theieon. And it shall be the duty of the collector
of the port where such entry shall be made immediately to
notify the consul, vice consul, or commercial agent, to
whom such invoice shall have been produced, to transmit
to Mich collector a certified copy theteof; and it shall be
the duty of such consul, vice consul, or commercial agent,
to tianMuit the same accordingly without delay ; and said
duty phatl not be finally liquidated until such triplicate, or
a certified copy theicof, shall have been received: Provided,  
That .such liquidation shall not be delayed longer thaa eigh-
teen months fiom the tune of making &ueh entry.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tiie next amendment of the committee was in
section one, line one hundred and thirty-nine, to
strike out the word " Octobcr,"andinsert" Jan-
uui yand in line one hundred and forty to strike
out " 1863," and to insert " 1864 "
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section nine, line seven, after the word " rent," to
insert the words " for a period not exceeding three
years;" and in line eight, after the word " prop-
erty," to insert the words, "at public sale, after
advertising the time, place, and conditions of such
saje for three months preceding the same, in some
newspaper published in the vicinity thereof*," so
that the section will read:
That foi the purpose of realizing m much as may prop-
erly he done from unproductive lands, and other property of
the United States acquired under judicial proceedings or
otherwise m the collection of debts, the Solicitor ot the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized, with the ap-
proval ot the Secietary of the Tieivury, to rent, for a period
not exceeding throe years, or sell any such lands or other
propertv ai public sale, after advertising the lime, place,
and condition's of «ueh sale, for throe months preceding the
same, in some newspaper published in the vicinity thereof,
m Mich manner and upon s uch terms a* may, m his judg-
ment, be most advantageous to the public interests.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 believe that is the last
of tiie amendments teported by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That concludes
the committee's amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to move one other
amendment. In section twelve, line three, after
the woid " proceeding," I move to insert the
words,i 1 arising undcrthe revenue laws conducted
by them;5' so that the section will read:
That there shall bo taxed and paid to district attorneys
two pei cent, upon all moneys collected or realized in any
suit or proceeding arising under the revenue laws conducted
by them in wlwh the United States is a party.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMRULL. There are some things in
this bill that strike me as very singular, to which
1 think the attention of the Senate ought to be
called. The Senate is very thin, and the bill a
very important one. As to the main features of
the bill, in reference to piotccting the revenue, I
presume they are all proper; at least, so fax as I
know, they are. The Committee on Finance have
reported the bill, and I take it for granted that the
