1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
these revenue questions, and it seems but proper
that he should have a general legal supervision of
the district attorneys on such questions. I think
nobody can have objection to that.
As to the employment of agents, it is a matter
of necessity. You must employ revenue agents
in order to ascertain frauds. I suppose that is
put in to compensate for the great additional labor
which would otherwise be imposed 011 the district
attorneys; but it will amount to very little in the
.yay of expense. If, however, Senators have an
objection to it on the ground of principle, and
think it is not advisable, I certainly have not the
slightest objection to its being struck out. I do
not want anything in this bill that is of an ob-
jectionable eharactcr. If Senators so think, be
it so*, I shall niuke no objection. That was one
objection which the Senator stated; but I think it
is not one which it is worth while for us to trouble
ourselves about.
In regard to the provision which is nextalluded
to—the tenth section, giving the Secretary of the
Treasury the power to employ other counsel in
certain cases, and to appoint agents to make sale
of lands which have been taken for debts—it is
necessary that something of that sort,should be
done. The district attorneys cannot very well
make sales. They are not the persons to make
sales of property which has been taken for debts.
Agents may be appointed of a different character
much more to the advantage of the United States;
business men who know more about such mat-
ters than lawyers. Besides that, it is not a duty
which comes properly in the course of things
under the control of the district attorneys, and it
would be imposing on them a burden which the
law does not now impose on them; and as the
Senator has remarked, as a general rule they are
very poorly paid for what they do. The office of
district attorney of the United States, as a genera!
rule, is rather an office of honor than of profit; but
a gentleman likes to hold it because it is an advant-
age to him in his profession to hold that position,
not for any great pay that he gets. The power
has always been used in important revenue cases
to employ leading able counsel, the ablest that can
be had, because the amounts involved are some-
times very large, and the questions are of very
great importance. They are paid sometimes by
special appropriations, and sometimes out of the
contingent fund of the Department. It is a po wet-
that has been exercised from necessity m certain
cases, and therefore it was thought as well to le-
galize it. It is a matter that refers entirely to the
collection of moneys for the United States. It
was believed by the Treasui y Department that it
would be important in that point of view to give
this authority. But I have to say in regard to
that section, as I said in regard to the other clause,
if the Senate think there is danger in it, and that
it will not do, and they would rather risk the prop-
erty of the United States as it is, without any
special authority of this kind, so be it; i shall not
insist upon that, for it is not the material point of
the bill. The material point of the bill is that
which 1 have stated.
One other provision has been alluded to, and
that is the two per cent, to be paid to the district
attorneys. The Senator well remarked that in
large places the district attorneys arc poorly paid.
I was somewhat startled in the first place at this
proposition, because 1 thought the two per cent,
would amount to a very kuge sum; and on con-
sultation with the Secretaiy of the Treasury, I had
the words "arising under the revenue laws, con-
ducted by them3' inserted, so as to confine the two
per cent, to the moneys that they collect under the
revenue laws, and not to include prize cases or
anything of that sort. The gentleman holding the
most important position as district attorney in the
United States—that is the district attorney utNew
Yoik—happened to be here attending court, and
I asked him about this section. He said it was
not got up at his suggestion,though he should be
very glad to have some increase of pay. He
thought his office was\ery poorly paid.
Mr. TRUM BULL. He has a salat y.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has a fixed salary;
but the duties of the office take all his time. I
asked him what" was the greatest amount he had
ever received in any one year upon which he could
get the two per cent, under this provision.
Air. TRUMBULL- Allow me to make a sug-
gestion right there as it occurs to me, Take such
a case as the district attorney in the city of New
York, whose salary we fixed by a special act at
$6,000, which was satisfactory to him. Ought he
to have the. two percent, beyond that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to finish what I was saying. The district at-
torney at New York said to me that the office was
very poorly paid, as it took all his time, and he
could not attend to anything else; he was cut off
in every direction from every sort of thing in the
shape of a perquisite. It was not a matter of his
suggestion, therefore. The amount he collected last
year was something like one hundred and sixty
thousand dollars; and theamountcollected in any
one year under the revenue laws will very seldom
exceed that, and probably will not come up to it.
Two per cent, on that would be about three thou-
sand dollars a year.
I conversed with the officcr of the Treasury
Department who drew up the bill in rcgaid to this
point; and he said that in two or three instances,
it might give peihaps an addition of one or two
or three thousand dollai s to the salary; that would
be all, and that in all the other cases it would
amount to comparatively nothing. He observed,
moreover, with regard to the district attorneys,
that they were very poorly paid; they are now
paid upon the system of getting so much for every
judgment that they recover, a fixed sum, twenty
dollars 1 believe, and what is the result? Many
of them stop with getting the judgment. After
they have obtained the judgment, it is a disagree-
able business to go through and collect the money,
which is, after all, the important thing. Men who
find that a judgment is going to be rendered against
them, particularly where it is forfiauds—and this
contemplates frauds on the revenue—generally
contrive, or wish to contrive to look out and pio-
vidc for that, so that by the time judgment is ren-
dered they have their property slipped out of their
hands in some way or other, so that it cannot be
got at, and if judgment is given against them the
money cannot be recoveied. The gentleman to
whom I refer, observed: ii I would pay liberally
and the more the better, for the more you pay
within a reasonable limit, the more money you
will get, because you hold out an inducement to
the district attorneys not to stop with getting the
judgment, but to go on and collect the money,"
Mr. HOWARD. Then why not pay the dis-
trict attorneys extra compensation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am now speaking of
the two per cent, to the district attorneys for al!
they collect on these judgments. In fact, as the
law stands now, the*inducement is rather to do
nothing but get the judgment, for then the fee is
paid; but if you allow a percentage upon what is
collected, you will be very likely to get something
out of your judgments, after you have been at
the expense and trouble of recovering them. Tiie
logic seemed to me to be good, and as we were
satisfied that in only two or three instances would
it amount to anything like a substantial addition to
the salary, I thought, and thecommittee thought,
it was advisable to let it go with the amendment
I have put in.
If, however, Senators really think, on looking
at these clauses, that there is any danger in them,
that we shall lose more than we shall gain, they
do not affect the real merits of this bill, and I
shall not peril the bill upon them. My own judg-
ment is, after looking at the wholcqucstion,that
it is about as well to let the bill stand as it is, espe-
cially in legurd to the two per cent., and giving
authority to employ agents and counsel. With
regard to the other matter, if Senators think it of
impoitance enough to strike out the one fourth of
one per cent, to the Solicitor of the Treasury on
account of the principle of the thing, they may
do so; but I think his additional labor will be
very considerable, and probably it may save an
application hereafter to raise his salary. Besides,
it amounts to very little. One fourth of one per
cent, on $150,000 or ^200.000 does not amount to
much.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He gets that percentage
on all that wiJ! be collected ail over the country ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; it might amount to
a little more than that; but the Senate can do as
they think advisable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has now
arrived for the commencement of the recess fixed
by the vote of the Senate, from half past four to
half past six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at half past six
o'clock, p. m.
STEAMSHIP KABNAK.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate to consider
House bill No. 737, reported this morning from
the Committee on Commerce, to issue an Amer-
ican register to the steamship Karnak.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill before the Senate at the time the
recess was taken will be informally laid aside,
for the purpose of considering the bill indicate^,
by the Senator from Maine. The Chair hears no
objection; and the bill (H. R. No. 737) to issue
an American register to the steamship ICarnak
is now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third readme, and read the third' time.
Mr. FOSTER. I presume there may be no
objection to this, but sometimes great difficulties
have arisen in consequence of the change of the
name of vessels. I should like to know some rea-
son for this.
Mr. MORRILL. It is not to change the name,
I will say. It is to issue an American register to
a British built ship.
I Mr. FOSTER. Has not the ship already a
name that this bill will changc ?
Mr. MORRILL. The name is to remain the
same. The bill is only to authorize the issuingof
an American register.
Mr. FOSTER. I thoughtit was to change the
name of the ship.
The bill was passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 521) to provide a temporary government
for the* Territory of Montana; which was read
twice by its title, and refened to the Committee
on Territories.
lie also asked,and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No. 5^2) to
enable the people of Nebraska to form a consti-
tution nnd State government, and for the admis-
sion of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Terntoues.
He til so asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 523) to
enable the people of Colorado to form a constitu-
tion and State government,and for the admission
of such State into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States; which was read twice
by its title,and referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 524) to
enable the people of Nevada to form a constitu-
tion and Suite government, and for the admission
of such State into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
JOSEFII VFIIEATON.
Mr. CLARK. There is upon the Calendar a
private House bill in favor of Joseph Wheaton.
It was reported adversely upon by the Committee
on Claims of the Senate. I desire to call it up and
move its indefinite postponement, to free the Cal-
endar from it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to take up the bill (H. R. No. 56'3) for the
relief of the estate of Lieutenant Joseph Whea-
ton, deceased.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
ELIZABETH M. BAXTEH.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to take up the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Pensions for the
relief of Elizabeth M. Baxter, widow of the late
Robert Baxter, second lieutenant in the tenth regi-
ment of Minnesota volunteers, who was killed
last November in battle with the Sioux Indians.
He had not been mustered into the service, and
in consequence of his not having been mustered
in, his widow is not entitled to a pension under
the law. But the fact of his not having been mus-
