1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
several assistants, to one of whom at least ยง3,000
is paid by the Government. Now, shall we, in ad-
dition, allow the district attorney two per cent, on
the sales of property? It really seems to me that
it ought not to be allowed. I suppose more would
be collected in the city of New York than any-
where else. J move to strike out the twelfth sec-
tion. The only provision in it is an allowance to
district attorneys of two per cent, on all moneys
collected in revenue cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that it would be
better for the Senator to propose to put in a limit
in the form of a proviso that the whole amount
allowed shall not exceed so much. I think a good
deal can be obtained under this section. I really
think we are being a little more nice than wise.
The Solicitor of the Treasury, on his examina-
tion, advises this provision, and says that in his
judgment we shall make a good deal ot money
out of it if we consent to pay a little percentage
to the district attorneys to look after the collec-
tion of these debts. That is his opinion; and as
we cannot lose anything by it, I think it is worth
while to try the experiment, and see if we cannot
gain by it and put something into the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The truth abowt it is that
these parts of the bill are all got up by the Solicitor
Of the Treasury. It is manifest, if you will read
the bill carefully, that the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury has looked to his own office. He places the
district attorneys under his direction, and allows
them a percentage. He gives himself authority
to appoint agents all over the United States to sell
the property. He allows a percentage to him-
self. 1 do not now remember who the Solicitor of
the Treasury is, and therefore my remarks cannot
be personal to him. 1 do not know that I should
know him if his name were mentioned. The bill
evidently throws a very large discretion into his
hands, and provides for persons under his direc-
tion. I should like to have the opinion of some
other person than the Solicitor ot the Treasury
in regard to these matters. I do not wish to take
up time on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have the opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, who very strongly
recommends it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Buthas he examined these
parts of the bill? I have no doubt we have his
opinion generally as to the character of the bill to
prevent frauds on the revenue; but that his at-
tention has ever been called to these particular
matters I very much question. These things, it
seems fo me, belong more properly to the Attor-
ney General's office than to the Treasury De-
partment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They never go to the
Attorney General's office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would prefer myself pay-
ing the attorneys a proper fee, and not allow them
a percentage of this kind, which may amount to
a veiy large sum. At any rate, if the Senate re-
fuses to strike out the section, there ought to be
a proviso added that the compensation to no one
disuict attorney under it shall exceed, together
with his salary and other fees, the sum of$6,000
a year. That is the limit imposed by the laws as
thev now exist.
Mr. HARRIS. I am inchncd to think that the
allowance of this two per cent, to the distnct at-
torneys will result in realizing more money to the
Go\ eminent. I have seen a little ot the operation of
this thing, and especially in the city of New York.
The district attorney there recovers a judgment,
and he issues execution,gives directions to the mar-
shal for its collection, and he feels that his official
duty is discharged. The probability is that the ex-
ecution will be returned unsatisfied; but he never
thinks to look after it again. Ele is crowded with
officio 1 business, and that is the end of the mat-
ter; the debt is lost. But if we could put the mat-
ter'nito the hands of some young attorney, per-
haps a deputy or assistant in his office, for this
moderate compensation of two per cent, the Gov-
ernment might realize many ahundied dollars,
perhaps thousands of dollars on these judgments,
i believe any private individual would make such
an arrangement with his attorney, much more the
Government of the United States,which is obliged
to place the judgments m the hands ot an officer,
the district attorney. 1 have never heard of this
matter before, but nstiikes me very favoiably. i
believe the Government will denve benefit from it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN, I think there ought to be a
proviso, such as the Senator from Illinois sug-
gested,to limit this two percent, to not more than
ยง3,000 in a year. I thiols it is well enough to have
the inducement to labor; but it is also well to fix
a limit. In the city of New York, many prize
cases are now occurring  
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is confined to cases
arising under the revenue laws; it does not extend
to prize cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is confined to rev-
enue cases I have no objection; I think it is well
enough.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time, and passed.
CIRCUIT COURTS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call up the bill
in relation to the courts in Wisconsin. Since Wis-
consin has been put into the ninth circuit, it 1ms
been necessaiy to consult with the new judge in
reference to the time of holding the courts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves to postpone all prior orders lor
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 407) to fix the terms of the circuit
court in the district of Wisconsin.
Mr.DOOLITTLE. I send theChairan amend-
ment; and my motion is to concur in the House
amendment with an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the House of Representatives will be read.
Mr.TRUM BULL. Before that is read, 1 should
like to inquire of the Senator fiom Wisconsin if
he has included the courts of Indiana?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wc arc passing a bill
every day to fix the time of holding the courts in [
a particular State. I am informed by one of the j
judges of the Supreme Court that it is desirable to
change the time of holding the courts in Indiana.
I think they had better all be put in the same bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There is a bill re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary of
the House of Representatives fixing the time of
holding our courts, and putting them about two
weeks later, in order to accommodate all.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Itseemsto mo that in that
bill we had better include all the other States. To
have a separate bill for every State makes a great
deal of unnecessary legislation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Illinois
will indi.lge me a moment. After the ninth cir-
cuit was formed, there was a bill passed fixing ,
the terms of the courts in that circuit. Since that j
time we have been put into that circuit, and it is ]
necessary to change the time of holding the courts
in Iowa and Wisconsin. You must keep cach
circuit by itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that. I
have no sort of objection to the Senator's measure;
but it is necessary also to change the time of hold-
ing the courts in the State of Indiana; arid the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin must know that it takes up
a great deal more time to pass a separate bill for
each State than it does to put them all together.
I have no objection to the bill at all, except what
1 have stated.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the
amendment of the House of Representatives by
striking out all after the word "follows," and in-
serting in lieu thereof:
At Milwaukee on the third Monday in Apiil and the first
Monday in July ; at Madron on the scconrt Monday of No-
vember; anil all writs, miih, pleas, iccoumzances, indict-
ments, or other proceeding, civil 01 ciinmi.i!. issued, com-
menced, or pending m said court, shall be letuuiahle to,be
entered, and have day in court, and be lieaul and tried ae-
coidmg to tl.e provisions of tins act.
Jlml be it further cnaclnl. That instead ot the times lieie-
tofoie provided bv law, the terms of the circuit coui t toi the
district of Iowa to be held at lies Moines, shall be held on
the second Tuesday of May and llic third Tuesday of Octo-
ber.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I inquire'if it is necessary
to chanse the title of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title will be !
read, and the Senator can judge. _
The Secretary read the title, a^ follows: $<A bill
to fix the terms of the circuit court in the district
of Wisconsin."
Mr. DOOLITTLE It should be, " m the dis-
tricts of Wisconsin and Iowa."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title will b<S
so amended, if there be no objection.
MAJOR AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, i move now
to take up the bill which was under consideration
this morning in relation to major and brigadier
generals.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I wish the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would consent to take
up House joint resolution No. 118.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator must excuse me; 1 have been giving way all
day. 1 must have a vote oil this bill, linsiston
my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 515)
to authorize an increase in the number of major
generals and brigadier geneials in the volunteer
service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine,'[Mr. Fessenden,] in line seven, to strike
out " thirty" and insert " twenty," and to strike
out "seventy" and insert " fifty;" so as to read,
" there may be appointed twenty major generals
and fifty brigadier generals."
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. As I intend to vote for the
amendment, and as there has been some little dis-
cussion as to these generals,! wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the bill as it is. It pro-
vides for incieasing the number of majorgenerals
thirty; that would make the number of major gen-
erals seventy. By the law which we passed at
the special session, I think, providing for the or-
ganization of the forces of the United States, not
less than four regiments are to constitute a bri-
gade, and not less than three brigades are to con-
stitute a division, and each division by the law is
to be commanded by a major general, and each
biigade by a brigadier geneial. It' you take the
minimum', the smallest number you can have un-
der the law is four regiments. The same law pro-
vided what should constitute, a regiment, which I
think was somewhere between eight hundred and
one thousand men. In many of the regiments the
intention was to bring them up to one thousand.
It was in contemplation of Congress then, at the
lime that law was passed, that each brigade in
round numbeis should consist of four thousand
men. That was the minimum, the smallest num-
ber of men who should be entitled to a brigadier
general to command them. Two hundred briga-
dier generals, as the law now .stands, would be
enough therefore to command eight hundred thou-
sand men, the minimum brigade. If you had as
many brigadicis as the law contemplated, you
would have officers enough to command eight hun-
dred regiments, which would be eight hundred
thousand men; as many men, I venture to say,
as we have ever had at any one time in the ser-
vice.
In regard to majorgenerals, the smallest num-
ber of regiments which can constitute a division
under the law is fwelve. It was not intended
when this law was passed that if the regiments
dwindled down to four or five hundred, only four
of them should be put into a brigade. The Sen-
ator from New York, who takes an interest in
this measure, will observe the law contemplated
that there should be four thousand men in a bri-
gade, and that is the reason the law did not fix
what should constitute a brigade, because the
Military Committee, which reported that bill, no
doubt at the time had in contemplation the prob-
ability that the regiments might be diminished by
casualties in battle and otherwise, and it might be
advisable, therefore, to put more than four regi-
ments together, and they simply provided that
not less than four regiments should make a bri-
gade. Now, it seems to me that two hundred brig-
adier generals arcenough to command all the force
we have in the field.
Then I wish to call the attention of the Senator
; who has this bill in charge to another fact. There
is a discrepancy between the major generals and
bi igadier gencials. If you have two hundied and
seventy brigadier generals, you need more than
seventy major gencials. If you mmtiply two
hundred and seventy, the number of biigadier
generals which this bill proposes to have, by four
thousand,'the smallest number which constitutes
a brigade, you will have one million and eighty
thousand men; while if you multiply seventy by
