THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
twelve thousand, the minimum number of a di-
vision which is entitled to a major general, you
will have but eight hundred and forty thousand
men.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is the
maximum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, the minimum. Not
less than three brigades shall constitute a division,
is the law.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Three full
brigades?
Mr. TRUMBULL. You can put a dozen bri-
gades in a division if you think proper. The law
simply provides that a division shall not consist
of less than three brigades, and that a brigade
shall not consist of less than four regiments; so
that the minimum number of regiments in a di-
vision is twelve.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to say that, although
the law says there shall not be more than this
number of regiments ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not say i( not
more," but " not less."
Mr. GRIMES. Yet, at the time the Army
was organized, the understanding was that a di-
vision should be composed of some twelve thou-
sand men—I ask the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs if that was not so—and that
a brigade should be composed of four thousand
men.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The organ-
ization of the army of the Potomac, and I think, to
a great extent, of our other armies, was something
like this; four regiments of infantry were put into
a brigade, and three brigades in a division, with
one regiment of cavalry, and three batteries of artil-
lery, which would make about thirteen thousand
five hundred men, if full, of all arms in any divis-
ion.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to call the Senator's
attention to that fact; so that we ought not to es-
timate by the number of regiments in determin-
ing the number of generals we want, but the num-
ber of men to be commanded by each one, because
the moment that a regiment become decimated or
cut down to two hundred men, other regiments
may be added to it, until you make up a brigade
that is respectable, that can really be called a
brigade.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the very point I
was trying to illustrate, that it was the intention
that a brigade should have as many as four thou-
sand men in it; and if you carry out that inten-
tion, then two hundred brigadier generals are
enough to command your Army, for you may put
half a dozen or a dozen regiments in a brigade.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to suggest one
thing to my friend as he goes along. You cannot
fairly make the calculation in that way, because
there are certain other duties to be performed by
major and brigadier generals. Some have Jo be
governors of military posts that are taken as they
go along; some are heads of military departments,
and it requires officers of rank for these depart-
ments, generally as high as brigadiers. Some
necessarily must be sick. Some are entirely unfit
for anything; and stay at home attending to their
private affairs; and some, more or less, are under
• arrest. Some are of so high rank that they can-
not serve, for there is no place for them; and some
have been found unfitted for the position they were
in, and it will not do to put them any lower!
Proper deductions must be made forall these par-
ticular cases.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Thatisall true. "Wemust
provide tor these casualties; and the same thing
occurs with the men. 1 do not suppose we have
ever had at any time eight hundred thousand men
fit for service. I do not imagine that any one sup-
poses we have had. Y/e have had that number
of men under pay, probably; but the men, like
the generals, have been subject to casualties, and
the proportion probably will be found to be equally
as great of men who were disqualified as of gen-
erals. So that realty I do not think there is a ne-
cessity for the number of generals that is indicated
by the motion of the Senator from Maine; but I
shall certainly vote for that motion, and I should
have been glad if the Military Committee could
have seen that a less number even than that would
suffice.
As to the authority to appoint these generals
without i\ repeal of the law, I think there can be
no question, because the law limited the number
of major generals to forty, and of brigadier gen-
erals to two hundred.
It is said, however, that we raised additional
forces after that law was passed. True, but t^e
raising of additional forces did not necessitate
having more officers, because the law which fixed
the organization had no limit as to the maximum
of regiments you might put into a brigade or into
a division; and if you increased the Army a mil-
lion men, two hundred generals could have com-
manded it, because you could have put into each
brigade eight regiments instead of four, the law
having no limit except in one way. I trust the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. KING. One cannot by a calculation in
figures, computing by the maximum number of
privates to a regiment, determine what number of
general officers may be required as the Army is
now divided into brigades and divisions. Many
of the present regiments are reduced fully two
thirds; very many of them are less than half their
original number, but still the regiment is a regi-
ment—is a distinct body. You might put six or
seven regiments into a brigade of those regiments
which have been a great while in the field, and
have still less than the four thousand men who
would have been in four regiments at the begin-
ning. That mode of calculation, therefore, fur-
nishes no conclusive guide to the number of gen-
erals wanted. They have supposed at the War
Department that a much larger number was needed
than the Military Committee, upon looking the
matter all over, concluded to authorize. As the
Senator from Illinois is aware, the President has
nominated more than twice the number proposed
by this bill. This bill is reported to the Senate
upon the assumption by the Military Committee
that the opinion expressed by the Senator from
Illinois was the opinion to which the Senate had
come, that the law did not authorize the appoint-
ment of any of these additional generals, that the
number was limited by law. I was satisfied from
opinions I heard expressed in conversation, and
from what has transpired in the Senate notin open
•session, that that was the judgment of the Senate.
The committee reported this bill, us the Sena-
tor will perceive by its provisions, upon that as-
sumption and understanding. It is an authority
to appoint a number of major generals and brig-
adier generals in addition to those now authorized
bylaw, and it was supposed, from all the inform-
ation we could get, that the numbers designated
in the bill were the least numbers that ought to
be appointed. In authorizing an increase by law,
there were some of the committee who would have
preferred the number should be less. The chair-
man says, he would prefer a less number; but the
committee unanimously came to the conclusion
to report these numbers. The Scnatorfrom Min-
nesota [Mr. Rice] shakes his head. That was the
conclusion of a majority of the committee, atany
late, and I supposed it was without dissent. All
I shall ask upon this subject, which has been de-
bated elsewhere in the Senate much more than it
has been here, is a vote of the Senate upon fixing
these numbers, and I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICE. I consented to the chairman re-
porting the bill, reserving, of course, my light to
vote here as I pleased. He knows very weil that
I have been opposed from the commencement of
this session to an increase of officers; but as the
principal labor devolved on him to ascertain the
number requisite, I paid great deference to the
conclusion at which hearrived. I confess, for my-
self, that I am perfectly ignorant in regard to the
matter. Jf I knew how many wished to be ap-
pointed to these offices, and then ascertained how
many of those in the service did not wish to do
any duty, excepting monthly to draw their pay
with commendable promptness, I should know
the number left for duty; but I have been unable
to do either.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Did you not
have some resolutions upon the subject?
Mr. RICE. I had some resolutions upon the
subject. There have been two sets introduced.
I was unfortunate in the wording of mine. I of-
fered a resolution directing the Secretary of War
to inform the Senate the number appointed. I
omitted to say l< appointed and nominated." If I
had put in the words "and nominated," I sup-
pose we should have ascertained that about one
hundred and fifty-two brigadiers more than the
law allows had been nominated; but he confincd
his answer to the strict letter of the resolution,
and sent in the number that had been appointed
by the President and confirmed by the Senate. It
is a little difficult for me to draw the distinction,
because they are all appointed, if they are nom-
inated. It means the same thing practically.
We did get along very well with the number
we had before; and it is a fact that cannot be con-
troverted, that out of the forty major generals al-
lowed by law, at one time during this session
twenty-one of them were in the city of Washing-
ton at once. How many were in other cities I
do not know; but it is not to be supposed that all
those who were absent were in the city of Wash*
ington at the same time.
My honest conviction is, that we do not know
what we are doing in regard to this matter; that
we have nothing to predicate our estimates upon.
I received a letter the other day from a brigadier
general stating that one regiment in his brigade
numbered upon paper seven hundred men, but he
could muster not to cxceed one hundred and fifty
men. It was never intended that less than four
regiments should constitute a brigade. Pour times
one hundred and fifty men would make six hun-
dred men to a brigade. Now, are we to predicate
the number of general officers upon that basis,
upon the actual basis of the number of men we have
in the field, or what is shown upon paper? Yet
we can get no accurate estimate even upon paper;
in fact we can get none at all. But, as I stated the
other day, we do not know within one or two or
three hundred thousand men how many we have
on paper, or within that number of how many we
have in the field.
There is another objection to this. These offi-
cers are appointed in many instances, as all must
know, upon other than military considerations. I
should be the last man to vote to give this Gov-
ernment less force than it required, or one officer
less than it needed; but I should like to vote un-
derstandingly; and I am soiry to say that I have
not been able as yet to arrive at a basis on which
to form an opinion on this question. The army
of the Potomac is now inactive. That is owing
to the mud; we cannot legislate that away; but I
think it would be well to rest awhile; let the
incompetent officers be removed, and whenever
we do find an officer in the field who has done his
duty, and has been so disposed from the begin-
ning, he should be entitled to promotion. If,
however, you create so many offices by whole-
sale, they will be all filled up in a few days, and
there will necessarily be a great number appointed
that are not competent to perform the duties.
I am, therefore, of the opinion that the bill ought
not to pass, that the nominations made in excess
of the law ought to be returned to the President;
and I am more particularly impressed with this
view since it has been known that the Senate have
acted on the matter, and that the opinion has been
expressed here that the President still continues
to send in these nominations. We have our re-
sponsibilities, and we should not shirk from them.
Even admitting that this bill is necessary, I think
it due to the dignity of the Senate, if its decision
is right, that every nomination should be returned
to him, and no increase made until they have all
been returned,and he can commence anew under
the law, and not pass a bill to cure a breach of the
law, and an unnecessary breach.
Mr. CARL1LE. I think that the consequences
which will grow out of the passage of this bill are
probably not sufficiently estimated by Senators,
judging from the haste with which this bill is
pressed, and the desire seemingly to pass it——
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to ask the Senator a question.
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor speaks of haste.
Mr. CARLILE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The matter
has been up here two months for consideration.
Mr. CARL1LE. I know it has been pending for
c--n&ideration; but when I use the word 44 haste,"
I mean that there is no necessity for the passage
of this bill now. According to the Senator's own
showing, according to the act' n of Congress here-
tofore, it was never intended that less than four
regiments should constitute a brigade. That is
admitted. It was never intended that less than
