THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11
,V Sir, RICHARDSON. That is the fact I wanted ,
•'to get at. !
fir. DOOLITTLE. There were rumors at the ,
time, but it was not known that they were true, j
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The next j
on the list is General Graham. He is not in ser- ,
vice in the field; but he is marked here, " relieved j
as instructor cavalry, Camp Institute, Annapolis, '
August 18, 1862 Sick." The next is General ;
Tower, " wounded at Antietam, September 17, I
1862. Sick in Washington." He is not yet able .
to take the field. The next is General Oglesby, i
of Illinois, " wounded at Corinth, October 4, !
1862." j
Mr. RICHARDSON. He was wounded, and j
is not able to be in the field, I know. j
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. General 1
Campbell has not been in service since appointed, j
June 30, 1862. General Barlow was wounded at :
Antietam, and is not yet able to rejoin his com- j
mand; but I understand will in a short time, j
General Ward is put down heie as "relieved, 1
November 1, 1862;" but that is a mistake. lie :
was never relieved at all, and was in the battle of ;
Fredericksburg. He wrote me a letter the other j
day expressing his great regret that he, who had
not been absent, should be found in this list. The
next and last on the list is General Briggs, marked,
" not [in service] since September 22,1862. Sick."
General Briggs was wounded badly at the battle
of Fair Oaks, and was made a general for his gal-
lantry on that occasion. He entered the service
again since that time, but was taken sick. I un-
derstand he is not yet well enough to take the
field, but hopes soon to be able to go into the ser-
vice again.
It will be seen, therefore, that there are not so
many generals away from their commands as
Senators have supposed. Few have been relieved
from service, but others may be absent on leave
for temporary purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator if the list ho has read includes the
numerous officers who are now acting as aids to
major generals and chiefs of the staff of major
generals. There are casts of that kind. I should
like to know how many there are of them, and
whether it is within the terms of the law to attach
a brigadier general as a staff officer to a major gen-
era! ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think a
commander of a large army would be justified in
puttmgabrigadier or major general ashis chief of
staff. I sec nothing in the law to forbid it. We
organize the Army, and >ve give the number of
generals that are supposed to be necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does not the law expressly
say that the highest staff officer shall be a colonel >
We passed a law at the last session providing that
the staff of a general shall he so and so—one col-
onel, and so on. The law expressly confines the
staff of a genera! officer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no limitation to
the staff of a commanding general in the field.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Ohio will find that there is no limitation
on generals commanding.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I can state in reply to the Senator from
Ohio that while we confined these appointments
of the staffs of major generals, it was expressly
•omitted to mention or to restrict a commanding
officer of the Army to this limitation, and I can
state to him a very good reason why that is so.
An offieercommanding a 1 irge army ought to have
officers of high rank on his staff. Emergencies
may arise where it may become necessary during
the progress of a battle that one of his staff should
rank other officeis and take charge of a column
or more of men.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator explain that?
Is an order any more obligatory coming through
the hands of a brigadier general than through the
hands of an oi derly 3
Mr. RICHARDSON. Not at all. I will state
to the gentleman from Iowa the reason, as he does
not seem to understand it. Suppose the officer in
command of a brigade is wounded and the general-
il)-chief wishes to place somebody to lead that
brigade. If the chief of his staff is but a colonel,
the question of rank comes up immediately, and
the member of his staff is outranked by an officer
at the head of one of the regiments. Jf he has a
brigadier general upon hi^staff or a nvijor general,
as the Senator from Massachusetts has said, he
can placc him in command, and he ranks all the
other officers.
Mr. GRIMES. At the last session of Congress
I took the pains to bring the book here and read
it to the Senate to show that the Duke of Wel-
lington fought the battle of Waterloo with only
seven staff officers, and the highest m rank was a
lieutenant-colonel. I read the names to the Sen-
ate. I undertake to say there is no rule in mil-
itary history or experience by which a command-
ing general would be justified in putting over a
division one of his own staff. It belongsofright
to the next brigadier beneath the major general
who shall be disabled by wounds or by accident;
and when he is disabled or captured, it belongs
of right to the next succeeding officer; and it would
be exceedingly improper for a commanding gen-
eral to put one of his own personal staff in com-
mand of that division. This thing of having staff
officers of such high rank has never been prac-
ticed in an army anywhere, and is not to-day,
except in the Army of the United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator is altogether mistaken.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will permit me, I will say to the
Senator from Iowa that while he has adduced a
single example in the British army, the very re-
verse is true and has always prevailed in the
French army.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg the Senator's pardon.
At the last session my attention was specially
called to this subject, and I brought both the
British and French Registers here and read from
them. The highest number of aids-de-camp for
instance 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not talking about
the number: I am talking about the rank.
Mr. GRIMES. I am talking about both the
number and the rank. ,
Mr WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Senator
from Iowa is very much mistaken. There are not
only brigadier generals, but major and lieutenant
generals on the staffs in the French army; and
further than that, the highest medical officer in
the British army, who is a member of the staff,
is a major general. Whenever this subject of
staffs is spoken of, the Senator from Iowa always
opposes an increase of the rank or number of the
staffs. Our staffs do not compare with the Eu-
ropean staffs, either in number or rank. In some
European mimes there are as high as lieutenant
generals on the staff.
Mr. GRIMES. What one?
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. The French
artny.
Air. GRIMES. On the staff of the emperor;
none other.
Air. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Well, he
commands the army.
Mr. GRIMES. But the emperor is not in the
field. If we had any officer corresponding with
him, it would be very proper for us to give him
a stall with corresponding rank.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Our emperor has no staff
at all.
Mr. GRIMES. We are talking about generals
in the fudd.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And I am talking about
generals in the field. The Emperor Napoleon had
upon his staffa marshal who ranked the generals
in the field, and sometimes took command.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. ! can now
give to the Senate the information which I had not
at hand when the Senator from Iowa alluded to
staff organizations.
An'Austiian staff corps consists of 1 lieutenant
field maishal, chief of the corps; 2 major generals;
3 colonel.s; 4 lieutenant generals*, 12 majors; 25
captains; and 12 lieutenants; making 59 officers.
A Prussian staff corps consists of a general offi-
cer, who is at the hrad of the corps; 5 colonels:
2 lieiuenant colonels; 8majors: 6 captains; 2 lieu-
tenants: and 3 officers, (detailed;) making53 offi-
cers
A Russian staff corps consists of 17 general offi-
ceis; 32 colonels; -18 lieutenant colonels; 02 cap-
tains; 7t>lieutenants—237officers; and in addition
to the general staff, there is a topographical corps,
formingn bianch, consisting of 3 generals; 15 field
officers; and 91<aaptaii)s and lieutenants; making
a total of 346.
A Bavarian staff corps consists of 1 chief, having
the title of quartermaster general; 1 lieutenant gen-
euil; 4 major generals; 1 lieutenant colonel; 6
majors; 6 captains; 2 lieutenants—a total of 21
officers.
A French staff corps consists of 35 colonels; 35
lieutenant colonels; 110 chiefs of squadrons, (ma-
jors;) 300 captains; 100 lieutenants—580 officers.
The chief of staff of an army is sometimes an offi-
cer as high as a marshal, as Berthier, Soult, Var-
iant, and usually a general.
In England there is no staff corps, but the gen-
eral staff embraces the adjutant, inspector, and
quartermaster general's departments, which have
rank up to lieutenant general.
A Spanish staff corps consists of 1 lieutenant
general-in-chief; 1 director general; 3 brigadier
generals; 9 colonels; 12 lieutenant colonels; 25
commandants; 60 captains; 40 lieutenants, or 151
officers.
A Sardinian staff corps consists of 2 generals;
2 colonels; 4 majors; 16 captains; 11 lieutenants,
or 35 officers.
A Belgian staff corps, in peace, consists of 3
colonels; 3 lieutenant colonels; 5 majors; 18 cap-
tains; and 36 lieutenants, making 65 officers. In
war the number is 4 colonels; 4 lieutenant colo-
nels; 8 majors, 20 captains; and 40 lieutenants, or
76 officers.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, the argument
.of the Senator from Massachusetts is alarming.
There is no telling, according to his argument, if
this war lasts two or three years more, how many
major and brigadier generals we shall have; it
would bankrupt any people on earth to pay the
generals in the Army. When you have your
brigades and divisions full, you only want a ma-
jor general for twelve thousand men and a briga-
dier general for four thousand men; but if by the
casualties of the service the brigade is reduced to
three hundred and the division to one thousand
men, you must still have a major general for the
thousand and abrigadier general for the three hun-
dred. Why, sir, counting the officers under these
general officers, you would have an officer with
straps on his shoulders over every five or six pri-
vates in the field. If that is the policy the Senate
is going to inaugurate, I trust we shall have a very
speedy end of this rebellion; for if we do not suc-
ceed in putting it down within a very short space
of time, all the bank bills, all the Treasury note
bills, all the financial schemes that the wisdom of
Congress and the balance of mankind can devise
will not be able to pay the salaries of these mnjor
generals and brigadier generals. I move that the
bill be laid on the table.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President——
Mr. CARLILE. I will withdraw the motion
if the Senator desires to speak.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My vote upon this bill
will be governed by the necessities of the brigades
of my own State. We have from Kansas four-
teen regiments of volunteers, and have but two
brigadier generals and no major general. Wo
have a brigadier general who has shown capacity
—capacity to fight, and capacity to gain victories
over the enemy. I shall therefore vote against
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine, and for the bill as reported by the com-
mittee. I should like to vote for a bill to stop the
•pay of all unemployed officers, and to repeal the
restriction as to the number of major and briga-
dier generals aitogethei, and leave the President
at liberty to appoint as many as he pleases until
he gets some that will fight and win victories.
Mr. RICE. In one respect this question is not
understood. The report sent in here by the Sec-
retary of War does not place the matter in its
true light. He merely gives the names and the
number of officers not on duty; but that report
does not include the hundreds of officers who are
on leave of absence. It does not include the offi-
cers waiting foi orders. It does not include the
officers upon certain generals' staffs where a ma-
jor general is in command of only six or seven
companies and the officers upon his staff ^exceed
the officers of his whole command m the field.
What we want to know befot e we act, is the num-
ber of officets actually on duty in the field. When-
ever we can ascertain that we can vote under-
standingly this subject, and not before.
Mr. CARLILE. I now renew my motion to
lay the bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Question
