1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*% f. "i )&*' T "> ■
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 13; as follows:
YE^S — Messrs. Carhle, Chandler, Claik, Coilumcr,
Davis, FpctGttrirn, Foster, Grimes Harding, Harlan, Hen-
derson, Hicks, Oowaid, Howe, Powell, Rtce, Richardson,
Salisbury, Sheiman, Sunnier.,Tiumbull, Wall, Wilkinson,
and Wilson of Missouri—2-1,
NAYS — Messis. Anthony, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle,
Foot, Hams, Kmc. Lane of! ndiana, Lane of Kansas, Moi -
rill, Ten Evekj Wihnot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—L3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I sup-
pose we shall have a great deal of difficulty in ref-
erence to this subject of the number and appoint-
ment of generals. I have thought heretofore of
bringing forward a proposition for the purpose of
giving brevets. The officer fights for rank; and
if you can confer the rank for services actually
peiformed in the field, and save the pay to the
Government, you accomplish all you can accom-,
plish by legislation on this subject. Where an
officer has distinguished himself on the field of
battle, if he obtains brevet rank owing to that dis-
tinction, you give to him a prouder title than if you
were to give the actual office, conferred pell-mell
as they are from the President and War Depart-
ment. [ am satisfied that if we intend to prose-
cute this war with any effect we shall be compelled,
to bring forward some system of brevets.
Mr. FESSENDEN". And medals.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; no medals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not intend to be
overheard so as to interrupt the Senator; but I
will state now, if he will allow me, that I think
that as good a thing as could be done for the spirit
of the Army would be to provide some mode of
bestowing medals to be worn both by officeisand
men.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
one now for the men.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not know it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The medals are always
given to the men.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The cross of the Legion
of Honor was given indiscriminately to officers
and men.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no doubt of
that; but 1 am speaking of the practice of this
Government.
Mr. GRIMES. We have got six officers in
the Navy now who have silver medals granted to
them by act of Congress for gallant services in the
war of 1812, and the old gentlemen boost of them
as the greatest reward that could possibly be be- I
stowed upon them. j
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no doubt you s
would have a more efficient army if you would !
introduce the system to-day of conferring brevet :
rank, and select the officers on whom to confer j
brevet rank from the returns from the battle-field, j
We have heard a great deal of talk hern about j
having generals to command brigades and divis-
ions and columns, and all that sort of thing. Sir,
our officers in the war with Mexico who were
most distinguished, with a few exceptions, were
but colonels of regiments. At the beginning of
that campaign, Taylor himself was but tl><> col- j
onel of a regiment. He received actual piomo- j
tion; but he received also brevets. Riley, one of :
the most distinguished of our officers, was hut a !
colonel, though lie received promotion during the '
progress of that war. He made a remaik upon j
one occasion which if he had been a French mar-
shal would have carried his name down through J
all time. lie received an order to attack a certain i
position at daybreak, which his officer of en^i- :
neers feared would be unsuccessful, inasmuch as
his command was disproportioned to those that j
he was ordered to attack; and the officer urs;ed |
that success was impossible. <f 1 mpos^ible V ex- :
claimed Colonel Ri!"y,for he was then hut a col-
onel, " why I have the orderin my pocket/' He
fought the battles of Chapultepec and Chentbusco
as a colonel. It is U tie he recei\ ed his promotion j
as a brigadier genei al subsequent to thai tune; but
he received the brevet rank' before lu* iceened his
actual promotion; and I imagine the truth was
that to the end of his life he was prouder of his ,
brevet lank than of his actual promotion. We (
save money by conferring these brevet rank's; we '
hold out an inducement to officers to distinguish :
themselves upon the battle-field; we savemevery i
way, and we make more efficient officers. If we
conferred brevet ranks, instead of having these
disputes here and having officers here for the pur-
pose of looking after their promotion, we should
find them on the battle-field trying to win it there.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What se-
curity can the Senator give us that it would be de-
cided according to their merit even then? What
additional security would we have that the brevets
would not be distributed as it is said the appoint-
ments of generals are now distributed, without re-
gard to their service ? Before the Senator answers
the question I will state a fact. Early ill this war
it will be remembered there was an attack made
on a regiment ftom New York and some United
States soldiers on an island near Pensacola. Im-
mediately after there came into this Senate I think
nearly twenty officers for brevet promotion for gal-
lant service in that action, in which they were not
captured. There was nothing to distinguish the
affair anyhow; but still there came here a large
list of brevet promotions. I think there were some
seventeen m all. We rejected the whole of them.
We decided that it was not best, to commence that
business on so small a capital. J agree with the
Senator, if we could have a system that would be
carried out of brevet rank for officers for real merit
on the field, and promotion of gallant soldiers on
the field in all cases, the spn it of the Army would
be raised; and I would go for that with all my
heart.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator has replied
to his own question, and stated what the security
is. When ihe President orSocietary of War sent
in the names of officers for promotion with brevet
rank, who did not deseive the promotion, the
Senate did not confer it; and I take it for granted,
if they were improperly sent in here again, the
Senate would notconfirm the promotion. The se-
curity would consist only in that. I know of no
better mode than this. If I knew of a better mode
than having them recommended by the President
and confirmed by the Senate, i certainly would
state it. I am very certain of another thing: that
in that rase we should all feel interested that the
promotion forgallantsei vice would not beavvarded
unless the services had been performed. I think
we should have a greater guarantee of never con-
ferring if impropetly than we have by conferring
this actual title, because we are very often swayed
by our prejudices, our feelings, and our predilec-
tions in favor of men.
I favor the brevet. I favor U, because it saves
money, and because I think we shall have some
guarantee that u will never be confeired unless it
is fairly won, anil it will drive these officers into
the field to set k the rev/aul, and not here to ask
for favors by having n conferred by the Presi-
dent, and confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. LANK, of Indiana. I consented to the
report of tins bill from the Committee on Military
Affairs, believing it, peihaps, the best that could
be done. At the last session of Congress a law
was passed limiting the number of brigadier gen-
erals to two hundred. I voted against thatlaw. I
thought then,and think now, it was inexpedient.
But I am now satisfied that perhaps we can ac-
complish all that tlus bill will accomplish by con-
ferring simple brevet rank; and although 1 shall
vote for the bill as repotted by the committee, if
it comes to a vote, I should piefcr (he following
as a substitute for the whole hill:
That I ho Pie-ident mav, by and with tne advice and con-
sent of the senate, conter btevet jank upon ail such oJh-
eei either 1.1 the volunieei force or in the regulni Ai m\\ as
•shall dMin^uifh tie'!u<e!ves in actual setviee fot jjaHantry
and vkiH. f'uen Inevet mnk i-hnil contct no claim to addi-
tional [>.iy.
1 am not sore bur that, as a substitute for the
whole bill, that would be best, although I shall
vote fot the bill, if it comes to a vote.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. 1 would inquire ofthe Sen-
ator from Indiana whether, if we are about to en-
ter upon tins svstem of giving brevet promotion,
the commanding general of the department in the
field ought not to have some voice in it.
M r. LA NE, oH ndiana. The commanding gen-
eral m.ik<'s Ins report to the Secietary of War, and
through hiiii to tin- President, and these promo-
tions for gallantry on the field must be based on
his lepurt to the Secretary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Lcannot be based on any
outside influence -
Mr. LANE, of \ndiana. No, sir. I shall not
offer the Kubstuufe without the content of the
chairman and other membersof the Military Comt ; ♦
mittee, having agreed to the report of the com-'>/
mittce.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to know whether
we have any official reports of the battles which
are fought in defense of the country, and if we
have, who makes them; whether they are mode
by the newspaper reporters or by the generals?
I must confess I do not know much about this
matter. I have been trying to learn a little about
it; but I cannot ascertain any of the exact sources
of information upon this topic. I think there is
something wrong somewhere in the mode and
manner m which this part of the service is ad-
ministered. I had supposed that when an engage-
ment took place, the general in command received
from his subordinates all over the field, in various
parts of the battle., accounts of how it had gone
on, who had distinguished themselves,and so on,
and that that report was made to the Department
and published to the country, so that we could
know who were meritorious and who were not.
Now, I am free to say I haveueen no signs of any
general system in this war by which tins has been
done, or Gy which anybody could ascertain how
the facts were in regard to the matter. I should
like to know how this is; and 1 should like to
know from the chairman of the committee whether
these reports are m.ide, and where they are.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In answer
to that question, ! will say that, in many cases,
the reports have been promptly made by the col-
onels, the brigadier generals, the major generals,
and the commanding general, and are in the De-
partment. In some cases they were not made for
many weeks after the actions, and in some cases
have not been made, ynt. The reports of General
McClellan, in regard to the whole peninsula cam-
paign, have not been made, unless they have been
leturned within a day or two. General Williams
and Colonel Hardee, a few days after the battle
of Fredericksburg, went to New York, and have
spent, I think, nearly two months with General
McClellanlookmgoverand studyingup the minor
reports and documents, to make the reports con-
nected with that ariny. A vast quantity of doc-
uments were sent on to New York for that pur-
pose. Those reports, I presume, will soon be
made. I apprehend it is true in regard to some of
the larger operations of general officers, that their
reports are not, perhaps, all yet mode. It will be
remembered that the full report of General Pope,
who was engaged in the actions m Vnginia m the
campaign m July and August, was only presented
a few days ago. I suppose it is very much easier
to make a report after the enemy has made one;
and probably when you have several months to
consider it, you can make things look better.
Mr. COWAN. T should like to ask the gen-
tleman whether it is not proper that the reports
should be made immediately, and whether they
ought not to be published ? If there is no law for
it, 1 ask whether there ought not to bea law made
by which the officer commanding should be re-
quired to do that? How are we to know about
these things unless that is done ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We cer-
tainly cannot know much about it, and, I take it,
do not know much about it. We have these tel-
egraphic dispatches, which are about as good a
description of the battles of the country as are
the telegraphic leports of our doings m Cong)ess.
We have these dispatches, and the reports come
long after, and the curious can hunt them up and
examine them. I think, as a general rule, they
should be made at the earliest possible day.
Now, sir, I desiie to make a single suggestion;
and I want the attention especially of the legal
gentlemen of this body. This question of giving
brevets is not a new question, I can assure tho
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I know that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
had it up over and over again m our committee,
and we have looked at it m a variety of aspects.
We were not sure whether we had ihe power to
make sueh a law applying to volunteers. By
existing: law, the line and regimental officers of
volunteers are appoi oted and coin missioned by the
Governors of the States; and u seemed to us to be
a serious question whether we could authorize the
President of the United States to brevet these offi-
cers appointed by the Governors of the States. I
■im ivt n lawyer; but ( should like gentlemen who
