THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHING TON j I); G.
Thirty-Eighth Cokgress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY. TUNE 15, 18G4.
New Series No. I'84«
I have given to this subject, there is no other re-
port of a committee of the House of Representa-
tives in regard to it.
Then this is a proposition to compel Wisconsin,
if it shall come out of her funds, to buy this stock;
and the amendment is so curiously diawn that I
am at a loss to know whether it comes out of her
five per cent, oroutof theTreasuryof the United
States. At firstl thought it was an appropriation
out of the five per cent, fund due to Wisconsin,
but I am inclined to think, on a more careful ex-
amination of the subject, that it will be derived
from the Treasury of the United States. It is a
proposition, then, to take money out of the Treas-
ury of the United States to pay for this stock
which we never agreed to buy unless Wisconsin
chose to make the purchase for her own advant-
age, which she never has agreed to do in a period
of twenty ypars.
Mr. JOHNSON. I of course wish to under-
stand what the question before the Senate is be-
fore f vote. My present impression is that the
case before usisthis: an appropriation was made
for the benefit of the canal company, and the con-
troversy now is whether the canal company has
or has not a right as against the United States
upon an alleged failure on the part of thp United
States to comply with their part of the contract
as between themselves and the canal company.
The State of Wisconsin claimsthe whole amount
of the fund in the hands of the United States, or
rather that five per cent, of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands ought to be paid to the
State, and the canal company insists that a por-
tion of those proceeds are due to it.
Mr. HOWE. No, the Senator will allow me
to say, neither the canal company nor anybody
else, so far as I know, denies that the State of
Wisconsin is entitled to just what she clai&is,
that is, five per cent, of the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands; but of the grant that was made
to the Territory for the purpose of constructing
that canal, a portion of the land was sold and a
part of the money was paid over to the company
and expended, and a part was not, but still re-
mams in the treasury of Wisconsin, and the ques-
tion is whether that portion belongs to the United
States or belongs to the canal company. That is
the dispute. The United States has charged the
whole grant to the State, that which she has got
and that which has been paid over to the com-
pany. Everybody concedes now that that charge
is wrong, and so far as the unexpended balance m
our hands is concerned, the State conceded that
she does not own it, that it belongs to somebody
else, she is a mere stakeholder, and the question
now under debate is whether it belongs to the
United States or belongs to the canal company.
The canal company say it belongs to them be-
cause the act which made the grant declared th$t
if the State of Wisconsin which was to be formed
afterwards out of the Territory should make no
other adequate provision for purchasing out the
residue of the stock of the said canal, the dividend
of the State stock thereby acquired, and all other
proceeds of the sales of the lands thereby granted,
should constitute a fund to be applied to the ex-
tinguishment of the claims of all otherstockhold-
ers until the entire stock vested m the canal should
have been acquired by the State. After which,
and after said State should have been reimbursed
for all expenses incurred out of her own proper
funds in the construction and repairs of said
canal, no other tolls or charge whatever for the
use or navigation of the said canal should be lev-
ied, except to such amount as might be required
to keep the said canal and the works appurtenant
thereto in good repair, and provide for the collec-
tion of the tolls and the superintendence of said
canal.
Because of that language, and because of the
decision had in the House of Representatives
some ycais ago, the canal company say that this
fund b' longs to them; it was granted to their use,
and they ought to have it; and it ought not to go
into the treasury until all the individual money
which they expended has been refunded. The
184
Territoiyof Wisconsin,it will be borne in mind,
some years after th\s work was undertaken,
thinking that the fund was not likely to prove
adequate, and that the company with ail its pri-
vate means and with the trust fund was not likely
to be able to complete the canal, thought it dis-
creet not to pay over any more money, and asked
Congress to take back the grant. On that occa-
sion the question of the Tight of the company to
the grant was considered, and a committee of the
House of Representatives made a report from
which the Senator from Indiana has quoted re-
peatedly. 1 will just call the attention of the
Senator from Maryland to this clause of it:
"The company have lefused their assent to this propo-
sition'-'—
That is, the proposition that the Government
should take back the jjrant;
" The company have refused their assent to thfs propo-
sition of the Teriitotial Legislature, and the inquiry pre-
sents itself whether, without that assent, the Federal Gov-
eihrnem can rightfully exercise the supposed power of
repealing the act of eet-sum. From the recitals made^bove
from t he charter, and from the act of June 18. it is mani-
fest that the company have an interest in the proceeds of
the lands. They constitute an estate in tiust, the use of
which is to be enjoyed by tiie company under its charter.
The Territory, as a party, can assert no beneficial or pe-
cuniary interest in the fund: its chatacter is entirely fidu-
ciary, ami its ri^httui action can-only he in subordination
to the objects authoi izod by the chartet. This grant was
made foi the sole puipuseot aiding the company m open-
ing the canal. To tin* aid, to this pecuniary benefit, they
have an undoubted right."
Holding that without the assent of the com-
pany the grant could not be passed back. Then,
thinking it still imprudent to pay over the money
to the company, the Territory used the money
for its own use, but passing the act which the
Senator from Indiana has quoted, pledging the
faith of the Territory to make the fund good.
The fund is-good to-da}', and the State simply
waits for you to determine whether you own it
or whether the canal company owns it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I collect, then, from the ex-
planation made by the honorable member from
Wisconsin that there is a dispute between the
three paities, the canal company, the State of
Wisconsin, and the United States; and the object
of this joint resolution is to settle that dispute, the
whole of it. The United States have m their
hands five per cent, of the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands in Wisconsin, due to that"State.
The honorable member says theStateof Wis-
consin has in its hands part of the proceeds of
the lands that were included in the grant to the
canal company, the part not-expended, and the
canol company nip unable to get those proceeds
from the State of Wisconsin because the United
States are unwilling to pay the five per cent, which
the United States hold end which if nothing else
had occurred would clearly belong to the State of
Wisconsin. The condition, therefore, in which
the State is, is that sh*  cannot get her five per
cent,, and the condition in which the canal com-
pany is, is that it cannot get the proceeds in the
hands of the State which the canal company
claims;and the effect ot these two difficulties is that
the dispute is kept alive and must continue to be
kept alive until it is settled by some judicial de-
cision. There can be no judicial decision, first,
because the Statu cannot be sued, and secondly
because the United States cannot be sued; and
the on'y way, therefore, in which it can be settled
is by an arbitration voluntarily entered into or
compulsonly ordered; and if I understand the
object of the joint resolution reported from the
committee on tins subject, it is to leave by law the
settlement of this question to the law officers of
the Government, and that settles the whole dis-
pute. If Wisconsin receives from theTreasury,
even if the Government were willing to pay it,
the five per cent, which the Government holds
and which belongs to the Stare of Wisconsin,
then the canal company will say that the United
States ought to pay them the amount of the pro-
ceeds which are m the hands of the State of Wis-
consin and which the State refuses to pay; so that
really it would seem to me that the only practical
way, the only way m which the dispute can be
settled at all is the way proposed by, the„e©mxmt-
tee or some analogous way. The laws as they
now stand furnish no remedy for the .ease, anil.
the question for the Senate to decide is-whether -
the case is not entitled to a remedy, (and nobody*
can doubt about that,) and if itis, whether this is
not a fair rfemedy. Thinking that it is, I shall '
vote for the joint resolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I will say-to the Senator
from Iowsi that I shall vote against his amend-
ment and vote for the report of the committee*,
because the very question of the validity of the
claim of this company as against Wisconsin will
come up and be heard and determined before the.
Commissioner of the General Land Office. We,
do not by voting for this reference admit in behalft
of Wisconsin any valid claim on the part of this-
company against the State of Wisconsin; but for
the feakeof peace, and to have an end of the con*
troversy, which has lasted nearly twenty years,we
are willing to vote for this joint resolution which
contains a reference to a tribunal that will put an
end to the controversy.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. It does not leave the question open to be?
decided by the Commissioner, only so far as as-
certaining the amountis concerned. , Itsettles tbe_
whole question of the right of the company.
Here is the language that i propose to strike out;
The said Secietary shall also settle and allow to the Mil-"
waukee and Rock River Canal Company puc?h sums of
money as have been properly expend -d by  aid company
in the survey and location of t>aui canal, &c.
There it is; it is a decision of the whole ques-
tion here by Congress. The only question open-
for the Commissioner ©f the General Land Office
is to ascertain how much they have thus expended,
and not to ascertain whether we are liable for the
amount.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to suy in
reference to this matter, which I once looked into
somewhat, that. I do not think the Government*
of the United States ought to be mixed up with
the settlement of the claims which a company in
Wisconsin has against the State of Wisconsin.
I shall therefore vote for this amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In answer to my honor-
able friend from Illinois, allow me to say that
the Government of the United States has mixed
itself up with our Wisconsin affairs by refusing to.
pay us our five per cent., and refusing to pay that
five per cent, until we settled with this company^
We cannot get the five per cent, without it.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senatoris in error there
again; the State, of Wisconsin has been credited:
every dollar of the five percent fund on the books
of the. Treasury, and the whole-amount has been
paid over to Wisconsin,and more than the whole
amount, and she is now indebted on the books
of the Treasury to the United States the sum of
over sixty-three thousand dollars.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Wisconsin is charged
with this land at $2 50 an acre.
Mr. HARLAJN. And this joint resolution, in
the first part of it, proposes to remit just one half
of that, and that, i think, would be just; but this
canal company says the Government of the Uni-
ted States shall not remit $156,000 with which
she has improperly charged Wisconsin, unless
we take an additional sum from the Treasury of
the United States and pay them all they have put
intoacanalover in Wisconsin. That is thestate
of the controversy.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The account, as charged
on the books of the Treasury of the United States
against Wisconsin, charges Wisconsin with this
land at $2 50 an acre, which is charging Wiscon-
sin by the wholesale for lands twice as much as
the United States sell them for at retail in all the
new States and Territories. That is the way m
which the account stands there. At once it is
seen thai, so far as Wisconsin is concerned,it cer-
tainly cannot be right to charge her twice as much
at wholesale as the Governmein charges individ-
uals at retail for the public lands,
i Mr. HOWE, i must protest against the re-
| mark of the Senator from Iowa, when he under-
