2930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
takes, to,say that the State of Wisconsin has re^
dfSved every dollar of the five per cent. fund, f
cannot conceive by what reason or upon what
data he can justify that statement. In pomt of
fact, strictly speaking, we have not received a
dollar of it; but we have received, and have now,
as3 the resolution admits, out of another fund,
which does not belong to us, a part of the five
per cent, fund. We propose to offset it against
the five per cent. fund. That is all. It is true we
have been credited with the whole five per cent,
fund, but you have charged us with tins whole
grant at twiee as much as the Senator concedes it
ought to be charged at, and u grant which was
not made for our use to the amount of one dollar.
We could not receive one dollar of benefit, as 1
have stated over and over again,and shown you,
and as your own committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives said. We could not receive a dollar's
beneficial interest out of it in any way; and yet
you have charged us double what you ought to
have charged for it if we had had the whole in-
terest. We want to get rid of that charge. That
#s what we are struggling for".
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin is notcorrect in saying that Wisconsin net'cr
received a cent. It received every dollar due up
to 1851 in money.
Mr. HOWE. Not of this claim.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, of the five per cent,
fund, and since then it has received it in credit on
the books of the Treasury. It is true the Gov-
ernment did charge her $2 50 an acre for the land
granted to construct this work, and the first part
of this joint resolution proposes to remit just one
half of that charge, amounting to $156,000; but
the Senators refuse to take this unless we put our
hands into the Treasury and take out an addi-
tional sum equal to all that the canal company
hao expended.
Mr. HOWE. I protest again. The Senator
says that " the Senators refuse to take this." lie
knows that the resolution which I introduced my-
self did not open up this controversy. 1 proposed
simply a settlement between the State and the
United States, and I have said since this debate
came before the Senate that I regarded the State
, of Wisconsin as a simple stakeholder. So far as
the State is concerned I care nothing whether you
voto that money into the Treasury or into the
hands of the company. He is not justified, there-
fore, in saying that u the Senators refuse" to
make this settlement unless this other thing is
done. We refuse no such thing.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think I was justified in
making the remark, from having heard the an-
nouncement of the mode in which the Senator
said he intended to vote. The bill, as introduced
by him, I think is about right without any amend-
ment whatever, and it would remit to the Senate
about one hundred and fifty-six thousand dollars
unjustly charged, and lam perfectly willing to
vote for the proposition as he introduced it; but
then the amendment carries as much more as I
have indicated. It carries from the Treasury of
the United States to the canal company an amount
of money which the Senator himself never in-
tended should be taken;and hence [ thmk i have
a right to claim his vote in favor of the amend-
ment I have proposed, for that will leave the joint
resolution substantially as he introduced H.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 22; as. follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Ruckah'w. Fesnemlen. Foot,
Harlan, Moigan, Ten Kyck, Tiumbull, Wilkinson, and
Wihon—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Curlile, Clark, Conines, Doolittie, Har-
ris, fltiiiihickSjlIowe, Johnson. Lane of Indiana, Law of
Kansas, McDou«all, MomlL Ne nnth, i'otneroy, i'ouell,
K.ttin&e>, Riehaiddon, Riddle, Ba ir>bury, isprayue, Sumnm,
and Wiiiey—22.
ABSENT—Messrs, Anthony, Chandler,Collamer, Cow- jj
an. Davis, Dixon, Foster, dniues, Hair, Haidiuir, Hender- |i
son, Uieks, Howard, Sherman, Van \Ymkle, Wade, and n
Wnjrlit—17. j
So the amendment to the amendment was re- !
jected. j
The amendment made as in Committee of the !
Whole was concurred m. !
Thejoint resolution was ordered to be engrossed j
for a third reading, and was read the third time, J
and passed. ^
SPECULATIVB TRANSACTIONS IN GOLDw
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 106) to pro-
hibit certain sales of gold and foreign exchange.
The amendment was to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bili after the enacting clause, and in
heu of it to insert the following:
That it shall be unlawful to make any contract for the
piuchase or sale and deliveiy of anv gold coin 01 bullion to
be deliveied on any day subsequent to the day of making
such contract, or fot the payment of any sum, either fixed
or contingent, in default of the delivery of any gold coin or
bullion, or to make such contract upon any other teimathan
the actual delivery of such gold coin or bullion, and the pay-
ment in full of the agieed price thcieof, on the day on wiucii
such contiaetia made, in United States notes or national
currency, and not otherwise ; or to make any contract for
the purchase or&ale and delivery of any foreign exchange
to be delivered at any time beyond ten days subsequent to
thf making of such contiaet, or for the paymentof any?uni,
either fixed or contingent, in default of the delivery of any
foieian exchange, or upon any other terms than the actual
deliveiy of such foreign exchange within ten days from the
making of such contract, and the immediate payment in
full of the agreed price thereof on the day of delivery in
United States notes or national cuireney; or to make any
contiaet whatever for the Mite and delivery of any gold coin
oi bullion of winch the poison making such contract shall
not, at the time of making the same, be in actual posses-
sion. And it shall be unlawful to make any loan of money
oi cuuency not being in com to be repaid m com or bul-
lion, or to make any loan of coin or bullion to be repaid in
moneyor cutrency otiier than com.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a very lengthy
amendment, and 1 think it ought to be printed so
that we can see exactly what it is before voting
on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It only makes two
changes from the section as it stood before, arid
they are in mitigation of it. Instead of requiring
immediate payment in the case of a sale of gold,
it allows the contract to be completed within the
day. Then m regard to tUe purchase"#!* foreign
exchange, it allows the transaction to be com-
pleted within ten days instead of its being done
at once. The amendment is an impiovementon
the hill, and an improvement m the direction in
which the Senator's mind would operate. I think,
therefore, there can be no objection to adopting
the amendment at once.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the amendment change
the Senate bill excopt m the first section?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It only changes the first
section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not been of opin-
ion that it was competent for Congress to legis-
late in respect to contracts in the States. It is
an important question, and I think the Senator
from Maine might let it stand over till to-morrow
and let the amendment be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. if the Senator insists
upon that, I shall not make objection; but inas-
much aa the Senate passed the bill on full con-
Hideiation,and this amendment is a change in the
direction of the Senator's own argumtyit and
would rather operate m the way he desires, I
should suppoae ho would make no objection. It
is rather important if it is to pass that it should
be passed as soon as possible. I will not object,
however, to the printing of the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 cannot tell now whether
I may not want to propose an amendment to the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. We dis-
cussed the mutter quite fully; it has been gone
over and over and through and through in all di-
rections, and further discussion would only have
a tendency to illustrate what we all understand,
the Senator's acuteness and power on such ques-
tions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am much obliged to
the Senator; but I think the bill ought to be printed
wnh the amendment. I do not want to discuss
it, but I may possibly wish to propose an amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not object to print-
ing the amendment if the Senator insists upon it,
and I make that motion.
Several Senators. Pass it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Senators about me think
it is best to dispose of the question at once.
The PI!ESI DENT pro tempore. The question
is on concuiiing in the amendment made by the
House of Repn sentatives.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment I under-
stand does not alter the bill except in the par-
ticular stated by the Senator from Maine, which
wbuld mak$ it more acceptable to those who were
opposed to the original bill. The objection, how-
ever, that I had to the first section of the original
bill is not removed by the amendment, because
that objection was as to the authority of Congress
to legislate on the subjcct at all. As far as 1 am
concerned, therefore, the amendment will not re-
ceive my assent; but as a majority of the Senate
think otherwise, there isnoreason why itshould
not be acted upon at once.
The amendment was concurred in.
GOODS IN 1VAREIIOUS1Q.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is upon the table
another bill which has been returned from the
House of Representatives with amendments, and
I desire to have them disposed of. It is the bill
in reference to goods in warehouse.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 282) to amend an act entitled "An act
to extend the time for the withdrawal of goods
from public stores and bonded warehouses, and
forotherpurposes,"approved Febnuuy 29,1864,
The amendments were, after the word " waif-
housos, "in line two, to .strike out as follows: "On
the 1st day of May, A. D.( 166-i;" m hue four to
strike out the words "at that time were" and to
insert in lieu thereof "are;" in line five to strike
outthe words " had then"and insertin lien theie-
of " shall have;" so that, if amended, the bill
will read:
That all goods, wares, and merchandise in public store*
or bonded warehouses, on which the duties are unpaid,
and which shall have been in bond tor moie than one year
and less than three years, may be entered for consumption
and the bonds canceled at am tunc beloie the in day of*
September next, on payment of dufie< ami charges aecoid-
ing to the laws in foice at the time the goods shall be with-
drawn.
The amendments were concurred in.
TRADING "WITH INSURRECTIONARY" DISTIUCTS.
Mr. MORRILL. I move 
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from Maine
will not interfere now. It was understood that
the bill for the Bureau of Frecdmen should come
up fiext.
Mr. MORRILL. I beg to say that I have bad
an understanding with myself for the last three
days to press the bill which I propose to take up
at the first moment I could get the floor.
Mr. SCJMNER. 1 have hud an understanding
with myself for three months inrcgaid to thi*
other bill.
Mr, MORRILL. I want only to finish a bill
which has been three times before the Senate, und
will not occupy twenty minutes.
Mr.SUMNER, i desire to finish abill;whether
it will occupy twenty minutes or not, i do not
know. I hope not twenty minute's.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 232, in addition to the seveial acts con-
cerning commercial intercourse between loyal and
insurrectionary States. It is one of the most im-
portant bills that can be presented to the Senate,
and it has been considered several times.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope that the Senate will
not now proceed to the consideration of that bill.
The Senator says it will not opcupy twenty min-
utes. Grant that. I have given way to-day from
time to time; indeed I began at one o'clock by
giving way. Motion after motion has been made,
and each time I have tried to bring forward a
bili which lias been pending now not weeks but
months, and which has been under consideration
already for hours, much more than the bill of the
Senator. It precedes the bill of the Senator in
every sense, by its place on the Calendar, by its
place in the consideration of this body, and 1 sub-
mit, also, by its importance. It hope that my
friend will allow me to proceed with that bill and
bring it to a conclusion to-day.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine to let the bill alluded to by him
lie over for a day or two days unless he is espe-
cially urgent about it. My colleague who, ho
will remember, was engaged in the discussion of
it when it was up before, and whoisvery deeply
interested in the bill itself, is unwell to-day and
not able to be out. It is a bili that involves our
State very largely, perhaps more largely than
any other State, in its commercial relations, and
I shall be gratified to have an opportunity to have
the matter discussed,and discussed by my col-
league, who has given the question some atten-
