1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
year, as aforesaid, on the average amount of its capital,
beyond Uie amount invested in United States bonds."
Is that what the Senator means ? But its capi-
tal is fixed at f10,000,000. By its articles of as-
sociation it is fixed; it is neither enlarged nor
decreased.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the construction put
upon it, undoubtedly the accumulated profits will
be considered as capital to be taxed under that
section; but if there is any doubt about tha^it is
very easy to make it certain by the change of a
few words. I do not think there is any doubt,
Mr. CLARK. X think there is a doubt, be-
cause in New Hampshire we have found the ne-
cessity of passing a special law for that purpose
to meet a case of that kind. The taxing of share-
holders and the taxing of the bank did not reach
its surplus because it was not a part of its capital,
but was a part of its surplus earnings liable to b§
divided out at any time by a vote. Then if that
is the provision which the Senator refers to 1 will
not read the section any further, because I do not
understand that provision to be what he supposes
it to be.
Now, let me go into another case. Here is a
bank of $100,000 capital, say in my own State.
It has invested its capital in insurance stock, in
other bank stock, all outside of the Government
bonds. That bank wants to go into this national
system. It takes its $100,000 in Government
bonds, and puts them into its capital,arid relieves
all the other stock which it has. What is the
effect of that? It has relieved itselffrom all taxes,
State, county, and municipal. Before it helped
us to support our State government; and it held
just so many of the bonds of this Government.
It helped to support our county expenses, but it
has relieved itself of that. It helped to support
our town expenses and city expenses, but it has
relie ved itself of all that just by the operation of
turning over its iiand and investing its capital in
the United Staes bonds. You have withdrawn all
that capital from that taxation.
Now, Mr. President, as I said yesterday, the
burdens of taxation upon the country are to he
enormous, and they are to be the burdens which
will be felt the longest. In this present crisis we
think nothing of taxation compared with the loss
of life, and it is to be considered as nothing with
the loss of life; hut years roll by and timehealsup
the wounds that, are made by the loss of friends;
they pass away and memory rolls over them; but
the burdens of taxation will last from year to
year and year to year, and they will be constantly
returning upon your people, and your people will
be constantly regretting the good Government
which they had, and complaining, perhaps, of
their burdens. No, I do not know that they will
complain, for I think this people will bear almost
anything to preserve their Government; but they
will be constantly reminded of the taxation. I
desire simply to make this taxation equal when
you impose it. 1 will vote for as large taxes as
any man, on all sorts of property, for the pur-
pose of maintaining this Government, but I wish
that you shall make that taxation equal.
In the State of New Hampshire, m all of the
States of this Union, there are large State debts.
My State never was in debt befoie this rebellion.
It perhaps had to borrow $20,000 or $25,000in
anticipation of the State tax, but when the year
rolled around it was entirely free from debt. Now
it is largely in debt. It is willing to be in debt
to preserve the Government; but the State does
ask, and 1 ask for it, that when thatState has got
itself in debt for the purpose of supporting your
General Government you shall not take the prop-
erty from that State which is liable to taxation
and give it entirely to the General Government.
The people will complain.
J want to say a word hero in regard to the ar-
gument that was used by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts the other day,and that was that it was
.desirable to make the tax upon the national banks
uniform. That might be so if everybody paid a
uniform tax, but if people in different localities
do not pay a uniform tax I contend that there is
no justice in ma-king one species of property pay
less or more than another. Letme illustrate, ft
was said by the Senator from Michigan that prop-
erty in Detroit, I think, paid three per cent. Did
I understand him aright?
Mr. CHANDLER. About that.
Mr. CLARK. About that; i will take ft iij
round numbers. Very well; your taxes in De-
troit are, say, three per cent. You establish a
national bank there, and by the establishment of
the bank you do not pay two per cent, nor one
and a half per cent.; what then? The result will
have been that you have taken just the amount
of capital that you have put into the national bank
in Detroit from under that taxation of three per
cent., and made the tax on other property just so
much the heavier.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, The bonds are not
taxed now.
Mr. CLARK, I understand that the bonds
are not taxed now, except by the income tax;
but let the Senator from Kansas bear in mind
that when we excused the bonds from taxation
we excused them as bonds, but when individuals
put them into banking operations and invest them
as banking capital, and thereby get the privilege
of having ninety per cent, of those in circulation
as notes for winch they pay no interest, that cir-
culation and the money made upon it and the
value of the shares as they stand ought to be
taxed. So long as your bonds remain as the
bonds of individuals you cannot tax them except
by the income tax; but it is their option to put
them into a bonk and go into the business of
banking, which is a very profitable business.
Then you propose to excuse them from taxation
also. The argument of the Senator from Ver-
mont the other day was a very forcible one, that
the people will not bear to see excused the rich
men of the country by paying l.ighter taxes, as
in the case in Detroit, if you please, the other
citizens in Detroit will not bear to see excused
the moneyed men who put their capital into banks
and let the taxes fall on somebody else. There
is injustice in it, and constant source of complaint,
and it will work you more mischief than your
national banks, in my judgment, will do you good.
1 am willing to assist the Government. I de-
sire to vote for the bill. I desire that such in-
ducements shall be held out, and they are large,
to the banks as will induce your State banks to
come into this system; but I do not desire to see
the people oppressed by the relief of one portion
of the capital of the country, and a double impo-
sition on the rest; but it must be so as it stands.
Let mc illustrate. In my own city right about
me there is $500,000 of bank capital, none of it
invested in the bonds of the Government as I un-
derstand, but all those banks carrying an amount
of the bonds equal to their capital. Under this
they can just turn their capital into the bonds of
the Government and relieve everything else they
have from taxation. What better will the Gov-
ernment be? Not a new bond will be taken.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will they not hold
property besides the bonds and be taxed on it?
Mr. CLARK. How can it be taxed under the
provision here ? It is a national institution. You
cannot reach the shareholder. It is no part of its
capital. How do you propose to reach it?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They will withdraw
it from the bank.
Mr. CLARK. They will withdraw it from
the bank, the Senator says; but if they withdraw
it, it is to be taxed; if they keep it in the bank it
will not be taxed. Will not that induce them to
keep it there?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am desirous to hear
the Senator from New Hampshire; and I am going
to vote for this bill, if I vote for it, very reluct-
antly; and I will not consent to vote for it if any
portion of the property contained in a bank any-
where is placed in a different position from all the
rest of the property in that district.
Mr. CLARK. I am glad to hear the Senator
say so. I stand in precisely the same position
that he does.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. This is what 1 de-
sire to call out from the Senator from New
Hampshire. He says a bank in his town has
$100,000 of money, of property, and can relieve
that from taxation by having $100,000 of Gov-
ernment bonds. Does he mean to have me un-
derstand thattheywill keep that $100,000 relieved
in the bank, producing nothing, or will they with-
draw it and invest it otherwise and have it sub-
ject to taxation?
Mr. CLARK. The Senator does not under-
stand me fully. I will put the case again. The
capital of the bank now is invested in insurance
styck and in bank stock outside, which pay divi-
dends. They shift the capital from thfse bank
stocks and insurance stocks into the Government
bonds. They relieve them as stocks invested in
capital,and hold them in the bank asstocksupon
which they get their dividend. It is not money
without interest.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Would theynothave
J.o give an account of that to the assessor ?
Mr. CLARK. Not under this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose that we
shall arrange the bill so that they shall be taxed
for the property they have.
Mr. CLARK. That is just what we are look-
ing after, and these are the deficiencies I am
pointing out in this whole scheme.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope we shall reach
that.
Mr.CLARK. I hopeso,too;butthenbeyond
this 1 have an objection to this scheme, and I de-
sire to state it to the Senate; and that is that there
must necessarily be an inequality between this
bank property and the other property, and that
should not be. If a bank exists in my city I
contend that that bank should pay an equal share
of the taxes of that city, whether they be lower
or higher than in another place. If they be lower
than elsewhere, you should not make that bank
pay any more than is paid there because another
bank in another Stale pays higher; and if they
be higher, you should not excuse it from taxa-
tion because another bank in another State pays
less. It may be that this very bank has grown
up by the improvements in that city which have
made the taxes high; and shall it therefore be ex-
cused from paying them? In my judgment the
true way is to leave all the taxes to fall upon prop-
erty, the whole property; let the national Gov-
ernment come with its collector and its assessor,
and assess all the property that it is proper to as-
sess, and assess it equally; then let the States
come, each within its own sphere, and assess the
property for State purposes; and then let the
county assess for its own purposes, and each town
and city for itself. Then no property is separated
from the rest, each bears its share of the burden,
each bears its share of the national burden, each
bears its share of the State burden, each bears
-its share of the county burden, and each of the
town burden; and I beg Senators to remember that
some of the worst difficulties there ever have been
in any nation have grown up because the common
people complain that the nobles and the cleigy
were not taxed as much as the people.
Let your bank bill go into operation in this
form and the people will not believe always that
it is taxed as much as it is. They are very ready
to get up a cry that it is not taxed, and they will
become discontented. But put them all into the
assessor's list together, put in the millionaire
with the man of moderate means, assess them
according to their ability for all these several ob-
jects, and let them stand together, and there is no
cause of complaint. I deprecate this segregation
of any portion of the property. This is our coun-
try, the States are the upholders of the country,
the counties are the upholders o-f the States, the
towns are the upholders of the counties. We are
all within one another, and when you separate
one from another, or weaken one at the expense
of another, you derange the whole and produce
conflict and complaint.
It was said by the Senatorfrom Michigan that
a bank could not go into operation with the tax
that would be imposed on it. Then 1 ask, why
should that bank go into operation? I want to
know why the General Government should lake
from under the burdens which the towns and
counties and States have incurred, any portion
of that property and make the tax to fall lighter
on it? If there be $500,000 in the city of Detroit
ready to go into a national bank and to be as-
sessed at a less rate than you assess .the rest of
the people of Detroit, I ask what justice there in
in doing it. I say let us stand together in sup-
port of the Government, and let these burdens
rest upon all alike.
I would not have a rush for national bank
stock; I would not have a rush to change one se-
curity to another. I would appeal to the people
and ask them to take the Government debt, and
they will take it. They may not take it very
readily at five per cent, when you have fed them
with six per cent, and then propose to strike it
down to five. I fmd'no fault with the policy of
