978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
men whom theyhave Ieft.behind choose to adopt
tile policy of the Government and can make money
by the operation, why should there be captious
opposition here ?' And if there are not a sufficient
number of men left there to employ all those people
who have abandoned their homes and taken ref-
uge in the camps of the Government, is it right
that this Government should allow them to suffer,
to languish, and to die when in its beneficence it
could protect them?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLISS. 1 wish to say. a few words in
reply to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr,
Smith.] _ It secmsto me that at the bottom of this
proposition there is no principle upon which this
House, in making appropriations of the public
money, can possibly act. Are we to understand,
sir, that the Government of the United States is
to take upon itself the protection, support, and
maintenance of all the negroes who may obtain
their freedom through the process of the emanci-
pation proclamation, or who may escape from
the service of their masters and pour themselves
upon our encampments—that money must be ap-
propriated for their support as well as for the
maintenance and compensation of the soldiers of
our Government?
Is it within the constitutional power of this
House to appropriate the money of the country
to such charitable purposes? Is it within our
power to create a benevolent fund to be distrib-
uted to the poor of the country, black or white?
Is it not altogether out of and beyond the power
of this House to make such an appropriation? If
we are to become common almoners of charity,
why then let tus support foreign missions; let us
take care of the poor of other countries; let us
raise by lawful appropriation funds to be sent to
the destitute of the world everywhere.
I think that the House will perceive that such
an appropriation as this cannot be legitimately
passed, and this is all I have to say upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
do now rise, with a view to elose the debate upon
this amendment.
J\lr. FA11NSWORTH. Is debate exhausted
Upon the pending amendment?
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will withdraw his motion that
the committee rise. I desire to say a few words.
^ Mr. STEVENS. I will do so if thcgentleman
will renew it.
Mr. F/YRNS WORTH. I will do so.
Mr, Clian-iiian, f renew the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, for the purpose of
making a remark or two. I should myself be op-
posed'to voting monejr out of the Treasury for
the support of camp-followers and hangers-on
upon the Army, But I do not understand that to
be the purport or object of this amendment of the
Senate. I understand the practice of the Govern-
ment to be this: refugees, or " contrabands," as
they are called, as the Army advances come within
Our lines. They are gathered together for the
purpose of being put into the Army. They are
gathered together in " contraband,camps" before
beingenrolled and organized. Many of them get
sick, as men always do more or less when they
are gathered together in camps. Now, the ques-
tion is whether the Government will leave men
thus gathered together for the purpose of being
enrolled and put into the service of the country
to languish and die for the want of proper medi-
cines and medical attendance while thus in these
"contraband camps."
I do jio.t .understand the object of this appro-
priation to be to furnish indiscriminately medical
supplies and attendance to every slave who runs
away from the South. I certainly should not be
in favor of .that. I an? in favor myself of giving
these negroes to understand that they must help
themselves, that they are notio become pension-
er oif the Government, but that they, like other
n)enf n)t)st help themselves. But while the Army
is gathering contrabands for the purpose of en-
rolling then) in the Army, it js not a mere ques-
tion of charity, but it is a matter of duty, that tjie
Government shall take care of these men, and
furnish them with the necessary medical supplies
and food. That is what 1 understand to be the
object of the appropriation, J withdraw tfye
amendment, and renew the motion of the gentle
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment at this time, inasmuch as a
member of the committee has a right to speak in
opposition.
Mr. STEVENS. Still the motion that the
committee rise exists. I ask that to be put.
Mr. KALBFLEISCfef. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw his motion. Let us have the matter
fairly discussed. It may just as well be discussed
at this time as at any other time.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I understand that when
a gentleman offers an amendment, and speaks to
it, he has no right to withdraw it,if another gen-
tleman wishes to oppose it.
The CHAIRMAN. But the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has a right to move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. That is true; but the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswor-th,] who
offered an amendment and has discussed it.
The CHAIRMAN. With the understanding
that he would renew the motion that the com-
mittee rise; which motion he made.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. Then the majority of £he
House has the power, under an arrangement of
this sort, to cut off all debate againstany amend-
ment that may be offered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
myself to withdrawing the motion, but I am un-
der obligation to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, who gave way to me.
The CHAIRMAN. The question must be put
on the motion that the committee do now rise.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH, Can these gentlemen,
by an agreement between themselves, render nu-
gatory the rules of the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairhas no discre-
tion in the matter. A privileged motion has been
made, and must be put.
Mr. IIOLMAN called for tellers on the motion
that the committee rise.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. J. C.Allen
and Farnsworth were appointed.
The committee divided; and thetellers reported
—ayes 44, noes 45.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to appropriating money from the public
Treasury for tire purpose of supporting any and
everybody who may see proper to attach them-
selves to a military camp during this war. There
may be cases in which humanity will lequire that
refugees from the South, white and black, shall
have a portion of the Army rations to sustain life,
or of the Army medicine to recover their health.
I have had information of one ease in particu-
lar, where the soldiers on the field of Chatta-
nooga were put, for ten days before the battle,
not on half rations, but on less than half rations,
in order to support a lot of lazy vagabond ne-
groes, who had escaped from the farms of the
country and come into the lines of the Federal
Ar my.
I believe that this whole policy of fostering and
protecting negroes by military force is vicious
in its effect. Some other arrangement should be
made by the Government besides foisting them
on our Army in the field. If persons come into
our camps needing care and attention, the dictates
of humanity would induce us to make provision
for them, but it should be done in some other way
than by an item in an Army appropriation bill. 1
think that the immense number of negroes who
have been hanging around our camps, wherever
our Army has gone in the rebel Slates, have eaten
up our substance and been an injury to the Army
in more ways than one.
I am therefore, Mr. Chairman, in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
HolmanJ to limit this appropriation to the use
of those negroes who are in the service of the
Government. Let us provide in some other way
for taking care of those negroes who are thrown
upon our charity than through the means of the
Army. When you make appropriations of this
kind you but hold out inducements to the worth-
less portion of the negro population of the South
to fasten themselves on the Army and look to it
for their support. It is an encouragement to
them thus tp look to the Army for support. If
provision mijst bg made for them, let it be made i
in some other way. If the dictates of humanity-
require that provision should be made for them
by this Government, let us in some other form
provide for the care of their sick. Let those who
escape—these "contraband refugees"—who are
capable of being useful in the Army, go into the
Army; let them be employed in such services as
they can be made useful in, and receive their
regular compensation from the Government for
their support. For those who cannot be made
useful in this way, let them be removed from the
Army, and let them be supported in some other
way, and let us not be called upon to provide for
their support in an Army appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. BLOW. I renew the amendment. I should
have passed by what was said by the gentleman
on my left [Mr. Mallory] if he had not been
seconded by what the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. J. C. Allen] also said.
Sir, we have suffered somewhat in Missouri.
We have been compelled to look on the outrages
which have been committed upon these people,
and we feel that we would justly be charged with
inhumanity if we were to permit that state of
things to exist while we had it in our power to
remedy it by legislation.
I presume the gentleman from Kentucky and
the people of Kentucky may not be called upon
day by day to witness these impositions prac-
ticed upon the colored people of Kentucky that
are practiced upon those in Missouri. We not
only have witnessed them in Missouri, but we
have witnessed theoperations of a set of men reg-
ularly engaged in the business of running off the
freedmen and slaves of Missouri to sell in Ken-
tucky. Is the honorable gentleman aware of that
fact? Is he aware that Kentucky is drawing from
the soil of Missouri those freedmen whom this
nation is in honor bound to protect?
I have a case before me. Colonel William A.
Pile, at the head of a regiment of colored troops,
complains in a letter to General Rosecrans of such
cases as this. He says he claims that it is due
to these men and to the loyal heart of the people
of this State that they should know what has be-
come of the families of these soldiers, and he prays
that orders may be sent out for the arrest of all
persons prowling over the State for the purpose
of buying and smuggling to Kentucky the wives
and children of these sable patriots, and that all
persons aiding or assisting them be arrested and
summarily punished.
Mr. Chairman, for the benefit of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] who introduced
a bill establishing a bureau for these freedmen
which has passed this House by a bare majority,
I propose to read from this letter of Colonel Pile
to which 1 have referred. After referring to a
case of the description I have named, he says:
"This is not ail isolated case, but only a sample of many
similar oneb that have occurred during the last two months,
and J most respectfully and yetiiiostearuestl} protest against
this infamy in the name of God, justice, ami humanity.
" Believing that you will do all that you have power to
do to correct these inramous evils, I most respectfully and
earnestly request,
" 1. That instructions be given to the provost marshal of
the department to grant no passes to any man to take the
wife, child, or parent of a colored soldier out of tllis State,
and they oe held responsible for granting improper passes.
"2. i'liat the provost marshal's department be requiredto
furnish a report of ail passes given for slaves to betaken out
ol tiie fetatc daring the last three months, giving name of
the slave and owner, with their residence, date of permit
and persons to whom granted, in older that I mav ascertain
how many wives and children of colored soldiers"have been
taken from the State by Government authority, and aW> from
their former masters learn where they were taken, if this
can be done I will send reliable persons to ascertain their
present whereabouts and condition. I claim that it is due
these men and tile loyal heart of the people of this State
that ihcy know what has become of their families.
'• 3. That orders be sent out for the arrest of all persons
prowling over the State for the purpose of buj ingarul smug-
gling to Kentucky the wivesand children of these sable pa-
triots, and that all persons aiding or assisting thein be ar-
rested and summarily punished."
Sir, I commend these statements to the candid
and honest consideration of the gentlemen who
have just addressed the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri. The gentleman
inquires if I was aware of the fact of men being
engaged in the State of Missouri in running oif
these "sable patriots," as he calls them, to"the
State of Kentucky, where they are resold into
slavery and held as slaves, i am not aware of it;
