.1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'Qfo
• but I tell the gentleman that there is a statute in
Kentucky which punishes men who are engaged
in practices of that kind as severely as they are
punished under any law in the State of Missouri
or any other State; and if he will come to Ken-
tucky and point out any man who is guilty of
such an oifense we will put him in our peniten-
tiary and keep him there as long as the gentleman
from Missouri himself would desire. I have heard
of no such case as the gentleman alludes to. I
think I did hear of a company of mulattoes or
mixed bloods or quadroons or miscegens from
Missouri who came to Kentucky and held a con-
vention at Louisville. They seemed to be a mixed
medley of Chase men and Fremont men and Lin-
coln men, coming there from Missouri. If the gen-
tleman alludes to that irruption or emigration from
Missouri, I say to him that I had heard of such
an occurrence, but I did not know before that they
were made up altogether of " sable patriots."
But, sir, in answer to the gentleman, I say that
I am not opposed to the extension of charity to
the unfortunate black man or the unfortunate
white man; but I must say that I think it is a mis-
taken policy which extends that charity in the
way winch this bill proposes. I am willing that
the Government should be liberal in this regard,
but I believe witfi the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
. Bliss,] that the Government has no constitutional
-power to expend its liberality in this way. If
this sum of thirty odd thousand dollars is needed
to furnish these men with medicines, I am will-
ing for one to give from my own pocket $300, and
if every other other gentleman in the House will
donate a like amount, more than the amount ne-
cessary will be made up in a perfectly legitimate
way for that purpose. I will go so much fur-
ther in my charity as to include the poor whites
of the country. I will give money to support
them; to give them food and-raiment, if they need
• them.
I hope that this clause will be stricken out, and
that when gentlemen talk about extending char-
ity they will put their hands into their own pock-
ets and not call upon Uncle Sam to do so, when
-he is staggering under the heavy load of debt oc-
casioned by this war. When it is as much as he
can do to carry on this war, I will not ask him
to do what there is no constitutional warrant for.
Mr. BLOW. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that he is opposed to the people of Ken-
tucky carrying off our slaves and freed men?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly I am.
Mr. BLOW. Will you undertake to do some-
thing toward a remedy for that injustice?
Mr. MALLORY. I tell the gentleman from
Missouri, and he understands it, that we have a
law against that in Kentucky sufficient in my es-
timation to punish any man who comes into that
State guilty of that crime. It is as stringent as
any Missouri can pass.
Mr. BLOW. This thing has been going on
for six or eight months past in Missouri, and 1
have never heard yet of a slave or freedman that
has been returned or of a man in Kentucky that
has been punished.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know that the gen-
tleman can show anybody has been carried off.
He may hear men talk about such and such things
having been done, but I defy him to present a
single authenticated case. I will not take any
man's ipse dixit that these " sable men" have been
run from Missouri into Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman says he knows it of his own personal
knowledge, let him submit the facts.
Mr. BLOW. I can refer to a case.
Mr. MALLORY. If thegentleman will come
and point out that one I will guaranty that the
parties will be punished. The gentleman will
have to bring another witness, as we require two
witnesses m Kentucky. I do not mean to reflect
on the gentleman; it is an old-fashioned law of
the-State. It these cases are pointed out, there
will be no doubt of their punishment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman from
Missouii [Mr. Blow] has made an allegation that
the freedmen of that State have been run off into
Kentucky, and there again sold into slavery. That
I understood to be the charge.
Mr. BLOW. I did not make that charge.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am glad that the
gentleman did not make it.
Mr. BLOW. I simply said that freedmen and
slaves were run off into Kentucky.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Freedmen of Mis-
souri?
Mr. BLOW. The wives and children of col-
ored men enlisted in the United States Army. I
have heard of both freedmen and slaves.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In regard to that
matter the laws of Missouri remain unchanged.
The ordinance passed by our convention for the
immediate emancipation of the slaves was defeated
by the gentleman and his friends. That propo-
sition was defeated when we had an opportunity
to malte the slaves of Missouri free on compen-
sation by this Government. Therefore it is that
the wives and children of colored soldiers remain
slaves under the laws of Missouri a certain length
of time, and as such may have been carried into
Kentucky. But this cannot be properly said to
be running off freedmen from Missouri into Ken-
tucky. I know of no well-authenticated case of
the kind indicated of running freedmen into Ken-
tucky and enslaving them. I am certain under
the military regulations and the law of Missouri,
executed as they are under the laws of Kentucky,
that nothing of thip character could have taken
place as represented by the gentleman. I am so
well satisfied of it that I am willing to take the
position of the gentleman from Kentucky, and
defy him to present the proof of any case. It is
one of the cases out of which the gentleman and
his friends are making political capital. That is
all they care about them. I recollect when the
gentleman himself was a pro-slavery man in Mis-
souri; it has not been a great while ago. I think
I can refer to one of my colleagues in this House
who knows that D. R. Atchison represented his
views of the slavery question better than Benton
or even Doniphan, a fellow-member of the dark-
lantern fraternity.
Mr. BLOW. I hope the gentleman to whom
my colleague alludes will have an opportunity of
speaking, and that I shall have an opportunity of
replying.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I hope gentlemen
upon that side of the House will permit him to
speak.
Mr. BLOW. I will say that I never owned a
slave in my life, and that when I served in the
Legislature of Missouri with the gentleman who
has addressed you, [Mr. Blair, of Missouri,]
and from that time oil to this, I was and have
been identified with the same Freesoil party from
its rise, after Fremont's nomination that gentle-
man has belonged to. I never favored a pro-sla-
very candidate for any office in my life, and the
proofs of that fact are recorded at homo.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. On the contrary, I
can deny a part of that statement myself. When
the gentleman was a member of the Legislature
of Missouri, he served with a party exactly on
the other side from me, and belonged to an en-
tirely different party. He was clected by the
Know-Nothing party—and I think they were
cheated in the election.
Mr. BLOW. I was a member of the Ameri-
can party. The party of the gentleman was di-
vided, and I could hardly tell what particular
party it was he belonged to until the Freesoil party
originated in 1857. I can hardly tell now what
party he belongs to. I know what the gentleman
claims to be. I belonged to the American party,
anil when the gentleman to whom my colleague
alludes speaks upon this matter he will say that
1 never voted or proposed to vote for any pro-
slavery man. The American party had men up
for office and I supported them not because they
weie pro-slavery oranti-slavery, but because they
were the choice of the American party, ft was
well known that the American party was neutral
upon that subject, and did not interfere upon the
matter of slavery. The gentleman to whom my
colleague alludes will say so. If he does not, he
will refuse to say a thing which is known the
whole length and breadth of the country in refer-
ence to the American party.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I undertake to say,
Mr. Chairman, that through that whole Legisla-
ture of Missouri, when the gentleman served with
myself in that body, the question was not a Ques-
tion of the American paity at all; that the Amer-
ican party in Missouri was only a subterfuge by
which the pro-slavery men of the State attempted
to overslaugh and defeat Colonel Benton, who
was the only man who spokeagainstthe institu-
tion of slavery, and against that fierce excitement
which tended to and finally led to the disrujftjQn
of our Union; that my colleague aided and abet-
ted that effort. And I say that in the Jltnerlcan
party he was not satisfied with the' prd-^lav.ery
sentinients of Colonel Doniphan, the pro-slavery
candidate upon his side, because he aid not rep-
resent his views; and that he threatened in"that
caucus that he would break from th,e-party and
vote for Atchison, because he better represented
his views. And I'appeal to my colleague here
[Mr. Rollins] for the truth of the assertion I
make. I ask him to rise and s&y whether the
statement I have made is true or false.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, Mr. Chairman,
I am too modest a man to be drawn into, a dispute
of this sort, and I feel very much embarrassed by
the questions which are propounded to me.
Mr. STEVENS. Imustcall the gentleman to
order. Gentlemen should speak to the amend-
ment, or not at all. The rule requires it, and I
demand that every man shall speak to the pend-
ingamejidment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman
takes very good care of his bantling, but 
Mr. STEVENS. I take care of nobody, and
I do not care much for anybody, {Laughter.] I
call the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would sttlte
that by unanimous consent this discussion has
been tolerated, and the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] was allowed five minutes additional,
and he lias yielded to his colleague. Three min-
utes of the time still remain.
Mr. STEVENS. Does unanimous consent
give the right to proceed out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. 1 hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will not'level any of
his indignation at me m consequence of my elfo-rt
to respond.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not refer to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I seldom trouble
the House, and I do not desire to say anything
which shall do harm. I do not know as I can
settle the controversy between the two gentlemen
from Missouri, and I regret that I have been
called upon for that purpose; butas lam appealed
to by both of them, I must state candidly my recol-
lections in regard to the facts referred to. With
a view to place both right as far as 1 understand
their political record heretofore, if the House
wdl indulge me I will state a few additional facts
upon the subject. But I mean to say in regard
to this particular question before the House, that
I have been surprised at the statement of one of
my colleagues [Mr. Blow) that freedmen in the
Slate of Missouri and their families have been
Transported to Kentucky, and have there been
sold into slavery.
Mr. BLOW. The statement I made was on
the authoiity of a letter from Colonel Pile.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I know of no
such cases, and do not believe that any such cases
exist. I have known of a number of instances
of gentlemen owning slaves in Missouri and de-
siring to remove them to Kentucky becauseof
their family associations there, who have applied
to the commandcr of the department of the Mis-
souri for permission to take them to Kentucky,
and that request 1ms been granted. I have made
such applications myself time and again on the
part of friends who desired to remove their slaves
to Kentucky, and permission has been granted by
General SchoficJd.
Now, in regard to the political status of these
gentlemen heretofore, I think I may say this in
regard to the cause of emancipation in Missouri,
that whatever credit is attached to it, whatever
honor may spring from it now or hereafter, my
colleague on my left [Mr. Blair] is certainly en-
titled to the claim of being the father of that cause
in our State. For twenty years past, certainly
he has been known as an earnest and sincere ad-
vocate of the cause of emancipation,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. MALLORY, I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will at leastgive the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr, Rollins] time to finish his answer
to the question of his colleague.
Mr. STEVENS. I have moved that the com-
mittee rise, and I hope the motion will now be put.
