1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29f33
has thus far been a mere law officer of the Gov-
ernment. It will be observed by reference to this
bill that the chief of thin Freed men's Bureau is
called upon to perform very responsible legal du-
ties. He is to see that lands are leased; he is to
appear m couit and represent all of these freed-
men in any controversy that may arise between
them and thud purties, or he is to see that some-
body does appearand represent them. It occurs
to me, although I am not prepared to give any
advice to the Senate on a subject of this kind, that
there is a peculiar appropriateness in putting this
bureau into the charge of the Attorney General.
That makes the fourth Department that has been
suggested as being; the proper one.
Mr. SUMNER. -In reply to that I have simply
to say that had Congress placed the other branch
of the subject jn the charge of the Department of
the Attorney General, I should certainly be in
favor of following the suggestion of the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendmentoffered by the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment.
The amendment to theamendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer an amendments
add as a new section the following:
J3iul he it fvrtker enacted, That all white persons in the
States not in revolt shall be protected m their constitu-
tional rights, and that no btich person shall be deprived of
life, liberty, or property, without due process ot law ; nor
feliail any such person be held to answer for a capital or
otheivvi^e infamous crime unless on a presentment or in-
dictment of a grand jury except in cases arising in the land
or naval forces, or in the militia when m actual service in
time of war or public danger; nor shall any such person,
except as afoiusaid, be tried for any crime or offense what-
ever by court-martial or military commission.
It is not my intention, to discuss this bill at the
present time. If the vote should not be taken
this afternoon, perhaps I may do so to-moriow.
JNTeither is it my intention to discuss the amend-
ment which I have offered.
The bill under consideration, in my judgment,
lias not a single section m it which is not liable to
a constitutional objection. The bill is very care-'
ful of the rights, if rights there be, of the inter-
ests, if interests there be, and of the feelings of
the negro race. I wish in these times, when so
much infetest is manifested in that particular race
by Congress, and when so much of the legislation
of the country is devoted to that particular race,
that we should manifestsome regard for our own
poor, abject, downtrodden, and in these times I
Fear, popularly considered even inferior race. I
■want to see whether the Senate of the United States
will recognize those great constitutional rights of
white peisons which arc guarantied in the Con-
stitution which was framed by our fathers. It
will be observed that the entire language of my
amendment, with the exception of the latter clause
which provides that no such persons shall be tried
"by court-martial or militai y commission, is in the
language of the Constitution of the United States.
Sir, it may be out of order in these times to say
a word or to enter a plea in behalf of this poor,
downtrodden white race; certainly if the charac-
ter of the legislation of Congress iff to be consid-
ered, they have not much interest in this Gov-
ernment; because most of our legislation during
this session has been devoted to a consideration
of the interests of the negro race. Scarcely a
single day since the commencement of this Con-
gress has passed that the African race has not
occupied a considerable portion of the attention
of the Senate, much more, I apprehend, than the
white race.
To guard this amendment which I propose
against any possible objection arising from the
class of persons whose rights are to be protected,
I have been careful to insert in it the words "iall
white peisons in the States not in revolt," so as
to leave to the Administration to continue what-
ever policy they please m reference to persons in
States m revolt. But, sir, I will not occupy the
time of the Senate in discussing the question. I
simply ask for (lie yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to make one
remark now, and I hope I may not have occa-
sion to say another word. This.bill has been
carefully considered by the committee; it is the
best that they can present to the Senate; and their
de^ne and my desire and the desire of its friends
is that the Senate should proceed to vote without
any further discussion, certainly on our part.
Mr. WiLLEY. Of course the Senator from
Delaware does not expect that there will be any
very serious discussion of his proposition, or
that it will be sei lously entertained by the Srnatc.
Mr. SAULSfcJURY. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don. I did not expect any discussion, but I did
expect that it would be seriously entertained.
Mr. WILLEY. There is not a proposition
in the amendment of the Senator from Delaware
to which I do not most heartily subscribe; hut I
suppose it will hardly be proper to be attached
to this- bill. I rose, however, to notice a remark-
made by the Senator from Delaware. He said
that in his opinion this bill, while it ignored the
interests of the downtrodden white race, was,
nevertheless, very careful of the African race. 1
entertain an opinion directly the reverse of that.
In my opinion, after as close and careful an exam-
ination of this bill as I have been able to give to
it, its proper title would be, "A bill to reenslave-
freedmen." Looking at the provisions of this
bill, looking at the machinery by which its pur-
poses are to be carried out, looking at the inevita-
ble effects which must ensue, this bill if it passes
will be the initiation of a policy to reenslave that
portion of the African race to which it relates;
and forone,sir, I protestagainstiton thatground.
Sir, it would be more consonant with what will
be the practical results 'of this bill if the officer
named in the first section of it as a Commissioner
were called an Overseer General, and the suboi-
dinate officers provided for in other sections as
deputy drivers, according to'the language of the
craft m the South. Why,sir, what responsibility
is fixed upon any one of these commissioners who
are to exercise this tremendous authority over the
Afucan race? What penalty ill this bill is at-
tached for cruelty, for peculation, for violation of
their duties? Where is there any particular pre-
scription of what they shall perform, except sim-
ply to confide in them an authority that no slave-
master of the South ever gave to an overseer on
his plantation. You may examine the articles of
agreement, as I have a hundred times, between
the slave-owners in the South and the oveiseers
they employ, and I have never yet seen a care-
fully drawn agreement between them that did not
piovide more pai ticularly for the care and pro-
tection of the negroes under his controTthan this
bill does for the rights and liberties and privileges
of the negroes who have been emancipated and
who are to be operated upon by this bill. Sir, in
the name of liberty and emancipation I protest
against the passage of any such bill by the Amer-
ican Senate. Look at it for a moment. What is
the language used in the bill?
Th.u the Copuni'ssinner, under the direction of the Sec-
retaiy of the Treasun , shall have the general superintend-
ence alt fieetjeienthrouithout the seveial departments,
and it shall he his dutv especially to watch over the exe-
cution of all law-, pioelainattoii-, and miliurj orders" of
emancipation, 01 in any way concerning fieedmei,, and
rreneially, hy careful 1 emulations, ill the spirit of the Con-
stitution.
That is the only limitation upon the exercise of
his power; but he is clothed with the authority
to say what the "spirit of the Constitution' is.
There is no penalty 111 this bill for any violation
„f any authority vested m him; there is no limit-
ation m it:
In the spiut of the Constitution to protect those per-
sons, in tin: enjoyment "f their rights,to piomote tiicir wel-
fare, and to secure to them andtheir posterity the blessings
ot liberty.
Sit J liberty is a thing that is regulated bylaw.
What law regulates this Commissioner and his
deputies in the exercise of the power vested in
them in this bill? What is it that the Commis-
sioner is required to dor Where are the Iimita-
I dons upon the exercise of bispower > I o what
tribunal is he responsible? If to any tribunal at
all, simply to the arbitiary discretion of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who is to appoint him, and
to nobody else. I desire to attract the attention
of the honoi able Senator from Mass ichusetts,
and of all other Senators, to this bill mall itspro-
visions, and 1 will venture to say that 1 will be,
sustained in the assertion by every candid mind
in this Senate that there never was a more arbi-
trary authority vested in any setot human beings
upon the face of the earth. Why, sir, the master
is limited in the exercise of arbitrary auth"nty
and cruelty toward his sl.ue 1>> hip rv?'.,.« i" t" .
preservation of bis life and health, sc tt.at ae mny
make the most out of his labor; but there is noth-
ing even of that character here. It "is "arbitrary •
power without any (imitation, "Without any riifes
or regulations to govern these masters'and drivers
in the exercise of their most extraordinary au-
thority.
Why, sir, it has been hefd lately that these
freedmen are perfectly competent to exercise the
great privilege of franchise or" voting; butaccord-
ing to the provisions of this bill they are not'to
be allowed even-to exercise their o'Wn free wilfiti
their maintenance' and self-support; unless it be
under the supervision and direction, if not uftder
the lash, of an arbitrary commissioner, appointed
without responsibility to any authority afty Where
or anyhow.
Look at the provisions of this bilt again, sir.
It seems that there is to be no limitation to it. I
looked in theamendment reported by the Senate
committee for a limitation to this system that is
put upon the country by the appointment of a
swarm of irresponsible officers atextravagantsal*
aries; but itseems there is to be no end to it; there
is no limitation, no time fixed when the'exercise
of this authority-is to cease. *It is not only irre-
sponsible while it exists, it is not only illimitable
in its extent while it operates, but illimitable,1'so
far as this bill is concerted, in the length of its du-
ration. When are these poor creatures to be al-
lowed to escape from the custody and oversight
and' domination of these irresponsible commis-
sioners who are to be place'd over them' Thetee
men, who are sometimesqualified'to vx)te,arenot
allowed to make a contract, under this bill,'fbra
longer period than one year, but from year to year
without any end, so far as this bill is concerned.
They are to be in the hands of these commission-
ers) their contracts are to be written for them;
they are to be under the supervision of these men
from year to year, transferred hither and thither,
according to thearbitrary authority of these men,
from farm to farm, and section to section, so far
as I can see, without any limitation or discrimin-
ation.
Senators look at me as if they were surprised
at my warmth. I say again I protest, in the name
of liberty, against this bill as the initiation of a
scheme, much earlier than I had anticipated, to
reenslave the men who, by the operation of this
war, hare, for a short time at least, enjoyed the
boon of freedom.
Look at the provisions of the hill further. _ In
one sense, some portion of the white race might
be characterized as downtrodden^ by this bill.
Here is another provision of it:
That the Assistant Coin mi-sinners shall liave authority,
within their respective depaitmeni*, to take possession of
all abandoned real estate and all real estate, with the houses
theieon, liable to sale or confiscation.
In other words, if in the county of Fairfax,
Virginia—and I on,ly allude to that section of the
country by way of illustration—there are farms
lying abandoned there to-day, as there are, owned
by loyal refugees in the city of Washington, they
are to be taken possession of by these commis-
sioners. The bill provides that all abandoned
farms are to be taken possession of by. these Com-
missioners whether they belong to loyal or dis-
loyal persons. Why, sir, there are thousands
upon thousands of abandoned faims all over the
South to-day,unless they are occupied by traitors,
the owners of whom have sought refuge in the
North until this storm of war be overand passed.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me eoriect the Senator.
The Senator forgets to read the qualifying lan-
guage: ,
All'abandoned real estate and all real estate, witbt ie
houses tliciwon, liable to saleor confiscation, or to any claim
ol title by the United States,and not abends appropuated
to Government uses.
Mr. WILLEY. Very well; I will read'it
again:
That the AoSi-tant Commissioners .-hall have authorilj-
within Ihcn le-pcctivc departments to taKe possession of
all abandoned real estate and all real estate, vvitb the houses
tlicrcou, liable to sale ol confiscation—
The Senator's own bill makes a distinction be-
tween the two classes of real estate-—
All abandoned leal estate and all real estate, with Mo
houses tlicieon, liable to sale m eontiseation, or to any
claim of title by the United States
Why, sir, there are
throuirh the South owned by loyal refugees m
Vew "York Boston, and in all the loyal blutes
.Vday-men who have been merely ub o to es-
cape with their lives. .These irresponsible Oom-
thousarids of farms all
