1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEk
of that American party, a sworn member—so
was lie—and he knows and will not deny that the
prominent feature ingrafted in the platform of
that party was the non-agitation of the slavery
question. The gentleman knows that 1 took no
position one way or the other. Neither did he.
He neither announced himself as a pro-slavery
man nor an anti-slavery man at that time. If he
did he violated the obligation he took as a mem-
ber of that party, to which he and I belonged.
This thing does not trouble me at all. Nor am
I responsible for his shortcomings.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I will not
object to the gentleman going on if he will tell us
what that obligation was.
Mr. BLOW. I have stated it as distinctly as I
can. I am sorry that my friend had to resort to the
secret doings of our old party to justify hisfriend.
Mr. Chairman, by their own account the two
gentlemen have been for years playing together
on a harp of a thousand strings. [Laughter.] I
assert that to-day their political position is in ac-
cord with their whole lives, with the exception of
the honorable party alluded to, in regard to my
colleague from the first district.
So far as connected with his early struggles for
Freesoilism I have this to say in reply to my cen-
Borious friend, that I made, and he heard me, the
second Freesoil speech after our party had given up
the American idea,and we were called Freesoilers.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not want to meddle
with the gentleman's reputation, [Mr. Rollins,")
but it is an extraordinary spectacle presented here
when he sa.ys that he was a Freesoiler at the same
time that he voted forty-four times for Doniphan,
who was the pro-slavery candidate.
Mr. HOLLINS, of Missouri. One word. I
thought I had explained that. I was carrying out
the wishes of my constituents. I said that I rep-
resented the strongest pro-slavery district in Mis-
souri; that Doniphan was their favorite, and that
in accordance with their wishes I voted for him.
My friend from St. Louis [Mr. Blow] repre-
sented a large majority opposed to Colonel Doni-
ghan, yet he was so anxious to defeat Colonel
enton, the Freesoiler, that he violated the wishes
of his constituents to do it! That is the difference!
Mr. BLOW. The gentleman is welcome to
the benefit of his explanation. While he thought
one way, he voted another. I have nothing to
do with him or his opinions. I have not attacked
them. I care nothing about them.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Do you believe
in a Representative carrying out the wishes of his
constituents, or not?
Mr. BLOW. As a faithful Representative I
intend to carry out the wishes of my constituents.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Then the gen-
tleman cannot object to me for having done so.
Mr. BLOW. As regards my friend, his record
will sustain him or not. Itiswell known and un-
derstood in Missouri. I have no time to go into
an explanation of it. 1 have expended too much
time on the gentleman aheady. I desired to put
myself light, and have done so.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. 1 will be very
happy to aid the gentleman in getting right.
[Laughter.] I am doing that now. Even in
these revolutionary times I want him not to travel
quite so fast.
Mr. BLOW. These poor, miserable slanders
have been raked up on every occasion. They
are dragged before the public whenever it is pos-
sible to do so, to be made the matter of discus-
sion. Yet from the Missouri Republican and his
own organ, and from the columns of the Demo-
crat, which he edited, 1 believe, at the time him-
self, I pin upon him the fact that they will show
that these slanders were false from beginning to
end. If gentlemen had proper regard for their
reputation and honor they would not permit
these facts to be fastened upon them without jn
effort at reply. They are easdy obtained now
by any gentleman who wants to know the rela-
tive merits of these two gentlemen and myself.
The gentlemen must be aware of the facts and of
the recoi'l. My colleague mustat least recollect
that in 1858, when he went before his first Free-
soil convention in Missouri, we were nominated
at the same convention and upon the sameticket-—
'he for Congress, while I was nominated for the
State Senate again. And, sir, there is this thing
about me, that while I will never deny to another
the merit and the honor that is due him, I will
defend myself to the last, even though it may be
at the expense of his reputation for honor, as it
certainly will be when the facts are brought be-
fore the public.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I renew the
amendment. You, Mr. Chairman, will bear wit-
ness to the manfter in which I was drawn into
this discussion. I have no taste for this sort of
controversy, but I must be indulged in a single
word in reply to my colleague who has just taken
his seat. I have stated, so far as I have been called
upon, general facts, without going into the indi-
vidual political history of these gentlemen. I did
not propose to do that, and I do not proposeto do
it now.
I have no doubt my colleague [Mr. Blow] is
a very honorable man, but I think he has got
rather the worse of the argument in this collision
he has got into with my excellent friend on my
left, [Mr. Blair,] and hence has shown a good
deal more temper than either good taste or his
better judgment will sanction. I confess, sir, I
shuddered for my own reputation when assailed
with such vigor and eloquence as my colleague
manifested just before he took his seat. It has
been a terrible Blow to me, [laughter,] and I do
not know that I shall be able to survive it. "But I
must rely upon the generosity of my constituents,
a generosity which I can attest for at least twen-
ty-five years. I can rely upon the liberality of
feeling with which they have viewed my humble
acts in private and public life, and for which I
shall he ever grateful. I represent, sir, a very
kind constituency. I think 1 may with them at
least survive the blow I have received this after-
noon. But I protest that I had no intention to
do that gentleman injustice.
I have mentioned the political organization to
which he belonged, and with which he acted in
the State of Missouri. I have named the men
for whom he voted, and the political position of
those men. And 1 have done the same thing for
my friend upon my left, [Mr. Blair.] It is true
that I have at times sympathized with my friend
on my left,and at times have been opposed to
him politically. Itistruc,as thegentleman [Mr.
Blow] rather intimated, that 1 associated with
my other colleague, [Mr. Blair.] I am proud
of that association to-day. He is working for
the best interests of the country, as I believe;
and so am I. He is supporting the Government
to-day, and is using his best efforts to preserve
this noble and beautiful fabric of Government
which traitors are attempting to destroy—traitors
who are in fact receiving indirect aid at the hands
of men who are professing great loyalty in their
hearts; men who by their extreme policies are
strengthening the lebelhon, and who, if they
succeed, will finally destroy the Government. I
accept as a compliment rather than a sneer, as
it was intended, ihe remark of the gentleman that
I am associated with my friend here to-day, who
is actuated by a pure, holy, and patriotic motive
with a view to overthrow this rebellion against
the Government of the United States; with a view
to the salvation of the Union; with a view by
prudent and wise measures to bring back the
wandering children of the Republic to their duty
and to the obligations which they owe to our
common country. If that is wrong, if that is in-
discretion, 1 plead guilty to it. I am for the
country, for the preservation of this Union and
the Constitution, and 1 believe my friend is also
for the same thing; and hence 1 am willing to
cooperate with him, and with all good men who
aim at the same high and noble and holy and
patriotic objects.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THAYER. 1 move the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to. .
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Ashley reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and especially Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 156) making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the fiscal year ending June 30,1864, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that all debate upon
the section now under consideration in commit-
tee be closed in one minute after the comrftittsa
again resume consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to. «
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. O'NEILL,of Ohio. I ask leaveof abseflGe
for my colleague, Mr. Finck, for two <a , three
weeks. The sad death of his father is the founda-
tion of the request.
Leave of absence was granted. «,
Mr. GRINNELL, I am paired off with Mr,
Finck, and I ask leave of absence on account of
sickness in my family.
Leave of absence was granted.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRILL, (at
forty-five minutes past four o'clock, pi m.,) tne
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 8,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderlakbu
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented the memorial of
a committee on behalf of the New Jersey State
banks, appointed by a convention of State bank
officers held in the city of Tfenton oh the 14th of
January, 1864, praying that the tax levied oii th'd
business of banking may be reduced to one' quar-
ter per cent, per annum on the average amount of
circulation and deposits, thereby equalizing the
same with other business interests of the country;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Ocean
county, New Jersey, praying for an increase of
the facilities for the transportation of the mails,
passengers, and freight between the cities of New
York and Philadelphia; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARLAN presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Iowa, recommending that discharged
soldiers who have been disabled by wounds or
disease in the service of their country should have
the preference in being employed in all positions
within the gift of the Federal Government; w"hieh
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa,' in favor of paying soldiers and sea-
men of African descent in the service of the Uni-
ted States the same pay as is given to other sol-
diers and seamen of the same grade, and that they
receive the same protection that other soldiers and
seamen are entitled to under the Articles of War;
which were ordered to lie on th& table, and be
printed. ,
He also presented a petition of citizens of Cali-
fornia, praying for the repeal of an act entitled
"An act to grant the right of preemption to cer-
tain purchasers on theSoscol Ranch, in the State
of California," approved March 3,1863; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of John
B. Myers & Co. and others, merchants of Phila-
delphia and citizens ofPennsylvania, praying for
the passage of a law taxing the circulation of all
banks chartered by State Legislatures, to such
an extent as will compel them to call in all their
issue, so that the country shall have nothing bat
national legal-tender currency; which was referred
to the Committee on Finan(fe.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of col-
lectors of the customs of the several collection dis-
tricts on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontier, praying that they may be allowed,
the same fees and percentages that are allowed,
to collectors of customs on the sea-board; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce'.
He also presented four memorials of citizensof
New York, praying for an increase in the-facili-
ties for the transportation of mails, passengers;
and freight between the cities of New York and
Philadelphia; which were referred to Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia'
Mi. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens-
and soldiers of the United States, praying- th&t
the Constitution may be so amended as to recog .
nize the obligations of the Christian religion and-
to prevent slavery; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
KBPOllTS FROM eOMMITTEKS.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
Districtof Columbia, ta whom was referred a bffl
