THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
(Sk No. 138) to regulate proceedings in case be-
tween landlord and tenant in the District of Co-
lumbia, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom the subject was re-
ferred,reported a bill (S. No. 155) to incorporate
the Union Gas-Light Company of the District of
Columbia; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. DIXON, from the" Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 114) to amend section live of an act enti-
tled "An act to continue, alter, and amend the
charter of the city of Washington," approved
May 17,1848,-and further to preserve the purity
Of elections and guard against the abuse of the
elective franchise, by a registration of electors for
'■ the city of Washington in the District of Colum-
bia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CARLILE, from the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
109) to expedite the settlement of titles to lands
in the Stale of California, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom were referred papers
relating to quieting titles in the late disputed ter-
ritory in Maine, under the fourth article of the
treaty of Washington, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 156) to carry into effect
the fourth article of the treaty of Washington,
concluded between Great Britain and the United
States on the 9th of August, 1842. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
154) to provide for the better organizatigp of the
quartermaster's department; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
BRANCH l'ACIHC RAtl.HOAD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Rcsolcal, Tli.it the Commuted on tile Pacific Railroad be
Instructed to inquire into the expediency of furnishing aid
in the conjunction of a railroad from Foit Leavenworth to
intersect the Pacific road at I.nivrencc, Kansas.
KMIOUGD BaiS SIONHI).
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; and they were
thereupon signed by the Vi'e President:
A bill (H. R. No. 4'J) .o enable guardians and
committees of lunatics appointed in the several
States to act within the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 15) to incorporate the Wash-
ington City Savings Bank;
A bill (8. No. 19) for the relief of L. F. Cartee;
A bill (S. No. 39) to authorize the enrollment
and license of the steam-tugs Ii. F. Davidson and
W.K.Muir;
A bill (S. No. 81) to apportion the expenses of
the levy court of the county of Washington upon
the basis of population; and
A bill (S. No. 110) for the relief of John H.
Shepherd and Waiter K, Caldwell, of Missouii.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senate to set apart
some day—say Tuesday of next week—for the
consideration of business that relates specially to
the lii-nrict of'Columbia. Oneday.it will be re-
membered, has already been devoted to that pur-
pose, but wo were unable to dispose of the busi-
ness then before thecommittee, two or three long
and important bills still remaining over. Since
that time several more billsof a good deal of con-
sequence have been reported, three of them this
morning; and 1 therefore ask that that order be
made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves that Tuesday next be specially as-
signed for business relating to the District oi Co-
lumbia.
Tiie motion was agreed to.
TAXATION IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a small bill reported
from the Committee on the District of Columbia,
a very short one, about which I think there can
be no controversy, and which the city authorities
are very anxious should be passed at as early a
day as possible. I therefore move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
136, to amend "An act to incorporate the inhab-
itants of the city of Washington," passed May
15,1820.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to amend the first paragraph of sec-
tion eight of an act to incorporate the inhabit-
ants of the city of Washington, passed May 15,
1820, so &s to read as follows: that the said cor-
poration shall have full power and authority to
lay taxes on particular wards, parts, or sections
of the city, for their particular local improve-
ments, and to cause the curbstones to be set, the
foot and carriage ways to be graded and paved,
or so much thereof as they may deem best, and
the necessary sewerage and drainage facilities to
be introduced under and upon the whole or any
portion of any avenue, street, or alley, and also
to cause lamps to be erected therein, and to light
the same, and to pay the cost thereof out of the
funds of the waid in which such improvement
shall be made; this provision not to be construed
as repealing, but being intended as auxiliary to,
the power they already possess to make local im-
provements on the application of the owners of
property benefited thereby.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following as a new section:
Sec. 2. And he it furthci enacted* That in all cases in
which the streets, avenues, or alleys of ttie said city pass
through or by any of the propeity of tlie United States, the
Commissioner of Public IJuildmgs shall pay to the duly
iiiuhotized officeis of the eorpoiation the just piopoition of
the expense incurred in improving such avenue, street, or
alley which the 'aid property bears to the whole cost there-
of, to be ascertained in the f am« manner as the same is
apportioned among the individual proprietors of the prop-
erty improved thereby.
The purpose of the amendment is this: that
where the city government improves a street on
which the Geneial Government owns a square or
piece of ground abutting upon it, the Federal Gov-
ernment shall pay its fair proportion of the ex-
pense of grading or paving that street, the same
as individuals would if they were the owners of
it in place of theUeneralGovernment. It seems
to me it is proper that it should be done.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended,
and the amendment was concurred m. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the thiid time, and passed.
COTTON SPECULATIONS BY OFFICEKS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up a resolu-
tion I introduced the other day directing tlie Sec-
retary of War to transmit to the Senate the report
and evidence accompanying it made by a com-
mission of which General McDowell was the
head, to investigate cotton transactions in the
armies of the West and South.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thefollowingres-
olution is now before theSenate. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Warbe directed to trans-
mit to tiie Senate ilie repot t and evidence taken by the mil-
it.ir> comml-Mon, at tlie head of vvineli was Major Genera!
Irwin Wo I In wo II, appointed to investigate tile conduct of
officers of tlie Army, and otiieis encaged in the military
service, in cotton or other speculation*,
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do not think
the Senate ought to order those papers to be sent
here or publish them. If it were a report of a
court-martial, where both sides could be heard, I
certainly should not object to calling for the papers
or publishing them in any case whatever. But
this was simply a commission sent out to make
investigations and report for the information of
the Government. I do not think such papei-3
should be called for or published by the Senate.
It is hearing one side of a question, not the whole
as in a court-martial, where the accused is heard
and where the facts are all disclosed. The in-
formation obtained was for the action of the Gov-
ernment, to guide them in prosecuting officers
who have violated their duties; and I think all
such papers ought to be carefully kept by the
Government, because they may do the grossest
injustice to men who have bad no hearing, and
they ought to be regarded in the nature of rumors
against officers that may be made the basis upon
which the Government may institute proceed-
ings. When they have done that, when a man
has been charged, when he has been court-mar-
tialed, when he has had a hearing, let those facts
be disclosed; but I think this resolution oughtnot
to be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that this res-
olution is now before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in its order.
Mr. GRIMES I propose an amendment to
the resolution. I move to amend it in the first
line by striking out the words " the Secretary of
War be directed" and inserting the words " the
President of the United States be requested, "and
by adding to the resolution the following:
"And that the President be requested to accompanysaid
report antl testimony with any and ail testimony in liis pos-
session or in tlie War Department tending to elucidate the
transactions embraced or referred to in said reportso that
if amended it will lead:
Resoh-ed, That tlie President of the United Slates be re-
quested to tiansnut to the Senate the repoit and evidence
taken betore the military commission, at the head of which
was Major General irvvln McDowell, appointed to investi-
gate the conduct of officers of the Army, and others engaged
in the mil ilary service, in cotton or other speculations ; and
that the President lie requested to accompany said report
and testimony with any and all testimony in his possession
oi in the War Department tending to elucidate the transac-
tions embraced or referred to in said report.
Mr. President, I am not very familiar with the
laws of courts-martial or with the Army regula-
tions; but I understand from gentlemen-who are
familiar with the subject, that this whole proceed-
ing on the part of the War Departmentand on the
part of General McDowell was an express viola-
tion of the Articles of War. I have been referred,
I think, to articles ninety and ninety-one, which
expressly declare that no superior officer shall cre-
ate a commission similar to this that was created,
at the head of which was General McDowell; but
that in every case of that kind the designation
shall be made and the commission created by the
President of the United States, and by him alone.
I am informed that the President of the United
States was wholly ignorant of the fact that any
such commission had been appointed. Butletthat
be as it may, it was an entirely ex parte inquiry.
A commission of general officers was appointed
to traverse the country and fish up testimony
against such persons as they saw lit to arraign
and to investigate the conduct of.
Among others who were arraigned before this
court without his knowledge, without his pres-
ence, without having an opportunity to vindicate
himself, was a gentleman from my State, General
Curtis. I am told that in the report that was sub-
mitted there is some ex parte testimony, which,
standing by itself and unexplained, does implicate
General Curtis. But I am informed by gentle-
men who have taken the trouble to investigate the
subject, that every particle of that testimony in
relation to General Curtis has been disproved by
testimony furnished by him and now in the pos-
session of the President of the United States or in
the War Department. So satisfactory was the
exculpation of General Curtis, that the President
of the United States at once pronounced that he
was entirely exonerated from all blame and from
all censure, and he sent him to a command.
Now, sir, the purpose of the amendment that
I offer is that if this resolution passes at all the
testimony called for when sent in to us shall be
accompanied by this other testimony, which was
also taken under the sanction of an oath, and
which is also the testimony of some of the very
witnesses who swore against Genera] Curtis be-
fore this commission, so that the world shall have
an opportnnity to judge somewhat in regard to
both sides of the case. . •
Mr.POWELL. Allow me to ask the Senator
if he has seen the testimony.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have not seen the testimony,
but my colleague in the House of Representatives,
wio represents the district in which I live and in
which General Curtis lives—Mr. Wilson—has
seen it, and has told me all about it.
Mr. POWELL. Did he see it at the War
Office ?
Mr. GRIMES. He saw it at the President's,
who told him all about it, and he assured me that
it was an entire exculpation of General Curtis,
and the President so declared it to be. I do not
want an ex parte statement or ex parte testimony"
to go to the world to the detriment of a citizen
