1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
States any power to tax. Iagree tothatentirely.
We have a navy-yai d situated in Massachusetts,
another one situated in Maine, and another one
in Pennsylvania, and they are now exempt from
taxation. But suppose Congress consent that for
State and municipal purposes the State of Penn-
sylvania or the State of Massachusetts or the cities
of Boston and Philadelphia may tax the navy-
yards and the property there. That is not con-
ferring any power upon the State; but the Gen-
eral Government simply lets go of an exemption
which they now enjoy.
It strikes me we had better leave this power of
taxation of personal property where it now is;
and it results in no great practical difficulty that
I know of. I suppose the States all over this
Union exercise the power of taxing the personal
property of their citizens invested in bank shares,
no matter where the banks are located. If a cit-
izen of New York invests property in bank shares
in Massachusetts, the State of New York taxes
that property and the State of Massachusetts
does not. Besides, it seems to me it would be
unjust in many respects, because the property
might be subjected to taxation in a foreign juris-
diction in which the individual who was taxed
would have no interest and from which he would
receive no benefit. I think it is perfectly clear,
from the authorities that have been read, that
this power of taxing the shares of a bank of the
United States or of any bank that may be incor-
E orated by the General Government does not come
y grant from the General Government, but it
resides in the States, as the exercise of a sover-
eign power which they have the right to exercise,
to tax the property of their own citizens. It seems
to me it had better be left there.
Mr. HOWARD. One word further as to the
justice of this amendment, the equity of imposing
"a tax upon the stock by the State within whose
limits the bank operates. What is this stock?
In reality it is this: if I am a subscriber to one of
these banks, and I reside in Boston, and become
the owner of this stock, say to the amount of
§10,000, and the bank is located in Detroit, Mich-
igan, the $10,000 which I contribute as a stock-
holder ceases to be my personal and individual
property. It passes into the possession'and en-
ters into the corporate property of the bank itself.
It becomes, in short, the property of the corpo-
ration itself, and I can never withdraw it. It is,
as I said before-, not a jus in re but a jus ad rem;
and while it is employed by its owner, the bank
in Michigan, for the purpose of gaining a profit
in banking transactions, I beg to know in what
respect it differs from the same amount of per-
sonal property or money in the actual possession
of a citizen in Michigan residing at the same
place. Certainly the State has the right to tax
that citizen. Why should the State then be de-
prived of the power of taxing this fund which
is used within its limits for the purpose of mak
ing gain in precisely the samesensein which the
property of an individual residing there is used.
1 can see no distinction in point of justice, in point
of principle; as I said before, in this way this bank-
stock will be taxed, and the States will derive a
certain amount of revenue from it; whereas, if no
amendment of this kind is inserted in the bill .the
right of taxation will adhere to the States within
■whose limits the stockholder resides. If its au-
thorities can ascertain that he is a stockholder,
they may, perhaps, impose a tax and collect it;
but 1 tell you, sir, that in nine cases out of ten
this whole fund of these stockholders will escape
taxation. I think that is a danger against which
we ouaht to guard if we can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Michigan to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance. • t i-
Mr. HOWARD. On that question 1 ask tor
tho yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr FESSENDEN. Before the vote is taken
I wish to make a suggestion I understand the
Senator to propose to insert tins amendment aftei
the word "purposes."
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
that by coming in there it will make the whole
clause without meaning. It will apply to the jm
ceding sentence. If ho is to move the amend-
ment at all I think it should come 111 aftu the
words "Such State," in the sixty-fifth line, and
be in lieu of the subsequent provision. As it is
now proposed the clause will read:
From being included in the valuation of the personal
property of such person or corporation in the assessment
of all taxes imposed by or under State authority for State,
county, or munieijMl purpo&es where said hank is situated.
It would hardly apply there.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the amendment is in
the proper place. It strikes me that it would give
the State the right of local taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course "all taxes im-
posed by or under State authority, for State or
other purposes," are imposed in the State where
the bank is located.
Mr. HOWARD. Not of course, Mr. Presi-
dent. There is the very point on which the Sena-
tor and 1 should differ. By the common law the
owner is supposed to have the personal property
about him; it pertains to his person, and if the
owner does not reside in the State where the bank
is, that State does not obtain the taxation.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan should be adopted, I think
it will be necessary when the bill is reported to
the Senate to change its phraseology a little, but
we can test the sense of the Senate upon it now.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would come in in an-
other place a great deal better.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 11, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Harlan, Hendricks,
Howard, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner,
and Wilkinson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anlhony, Buckalew, Clark, Collainer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, TVssenden, Foot,-Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Laneoflndi-
ann, I.ane of Kansas, Morgan, Nesmith, Powell, ltiddle,
Sprague,Ten Eyck, Van Wmklc, Willey, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to strike out in
the sixty-second line of the amendment after the
word " State" the words " or other," so that it
will read " for State purposes."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has already been
amended. Those words have been stricken out,
and the words " county or municipal " inserted,
so that it reads, " State, county, or municipal
purposes."
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move to strike out
the words " county or municipal," so that it will
read " State purposes."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not now in order,
because those words have just been voted in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will not be in order in committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I offer the follow-
ing proviso 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I renew the motion for
an adjournment/ There is no probability of get-
ting through with this matter to-night.
Sir. SHERMAN. Let us dispose of this
amendment.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. _  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 29, 18G4.
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SEA-WALL AT BUFFALO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a let-
ter from the Secretary of War, transmitting, ill
compliance with a resolution of the House, a re-
port with reference to the sea-wall at Buffalo by
Colonel J. D. Graham, United States engineer;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
TAX BILL.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to record my vote on the tax
bill,as 1 was unable to be present last evening.
There was no objection, and Mr, Elpridge
recorded his vote iji the negative,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I ask it he
the unanimous agreement that members on both
sides of the House who were not present shall
have the right to record their votes on the passage
j of the tax bill.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, I object.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, If I iiad been
here I would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my objection. :
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that the members
ought also to have the" privilege of recording their
votes on all questions before the passage of the
bill. : ■ •
The SPEAKER. That might change the re-
sult on some of the amendments. . •
Mr. STEVENS. I object. It is the duty of
members to be present attending to the' public
business. .. . < - ,
Mr. VOORHEES. I had no idea that the
vote would be taken on the tax bill so early in
the evening as it was. I was on my way to the
House when 1 heard that the vote had been taken
and the bill disposed of. I therefore ask that I
shall have leave to record my vote. I should
have voted against the bill had I been here.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. ANDERSON stated that if he had been
present he would have voted in favor of the pas-
sage of the tax bill.
IOWA MAIL FACILITIES. :
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the joint resolution of the State of Iowa ask-
ing for additional mail facilities; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
PACIFIC 11AILROAD.
Mr. COLE, of California. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to make a
report from the select committee on the Pacific
railroad that it may be ordered to be printed.
Mr. VOORHEES. I object.
CHARGES AGAINST A MEMBER.
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to call up the report of
the special committee appointed to investigate the
charge against Hon. F. P. Blair, presented by
Hon. J. W. McClurg, for the purpose of hav-
ing it, together with the evidence, ordered to be
printed. .
Mr. McCLURG. In accordance with the no-
tice I gave on 'Saturday last, the tax bill having
been disposed of, I rise to a question of privilege.
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise to a point of order.
What is the question before the House?
The SPEAKER. A question of privilege called
up by the gentleman from California, who has
charge of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it a question of privilege
with respect to any but the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair r] _
The SPEAKER. The question of privilege
could not be confined to any particular member,
but, as in contested elections,all members are in-
terested in it.
Mr. VOORHEES. I hope the Chair will par-
don me for asking a question. What constitutes
it a question of privilege except that it affected
the private character of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair,] who is not here?
The SPEAKER. It affects a member of the
House,-and is therefore a question of privilege.
Mr. VOORHEES. To the House, or to him
alone? ,,
The SPEAKER. To the House as well as to
himself. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Blair] put it upon the ground that if the charges
were true he was not fit to be a member of the
House. ... ■ , , ,
Mr. CLAY. My opinion is that it has already
been ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER, A motion to print was pend-
ing when the gentleman from Missouri made his
speech, and then the question went over.
Mr. VOORHEES. Is it not the fact, that the
gentleman from M issouri [Mr. Blair] had to ob-
tain unanimous consent to speak?
The SPEAKER. The Globe of yesterday states
the matter correctly. There was a motion pend-
ing, made by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] that the rules be suspended and the
i House resolve itself into the Committee of the
' Whole on the state of the Union on the tax bin,
! and the Chair then decided as follows:
1 The gentleman from California has a riglit to present
! ins report as a matter of privilege, if the gentleman from
Vermont withdraws bis motion."
