THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
* states is correct, there is the strongest reason
existing why this resolution should be passed,
because it extends this contract for only a short
time, If it is not passed these parties will Droh-
ably obtain that contract for four yea^s, and at a
much larger sum than is provided to'be paid by
this joint resolution.
_ So that by every consideration of interest, jus-
tice, and propriety, if there is anything in the gen-
tleman's argument and if his statements are cor-
rect, this-resolution should be adopted by the
House. I am certain its passage will save a very
large amount to the Government. Whether the
Postmaster General has done right in withdraw-
ing that advertisement has nothing to do with
the case. He acted, I have no doubt, in perfect
•good faith, and at the suggestion and in accord-
ance with the wish and direction, as ho supposed,
of the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
on the part of the Senate.
The advertisement was withdrawn and an-
other substituted, but too late to allow these par-
ties to come in and m«ke bids and obtain their
supplies; and now the Government finds itself in
a position without proteeuon at ail against any
of these parties, and if the Postmaster General is
obliged to accede to any propositions which may
be submitted, tin* probability is that the Govern-
ment will suffer t<> the extent of several hundred
thousand if' not million dollars.
Mr. LOAN". I would inquire of the gentle-
• man how he knows that the second advertise-
ment was too late for bids to be putin that would
authorize the granting 0f ft contract to these par-
ties. How does the gentleman know what the
bids are, and that it is too Inle?
Mr. ALLEY. Parties have been waiting for
the action ot Congress, and this company has
finally ugieed to extend the time to October'next;
and no matter how i obtained my knowledge. I
have information which satisfies my mind, and
which juntifies me in making this declaration to
the House. 1 say here upon my judgment and
responsibility that I believe that it the resolution
is not adopted it will place the Government to a
great extent so far as this service is concerned m
the hands of two or thtvc parties, and thai it will
cost the Government several hundred thousand if
not million dnllais. If the resolution is adopud
it will only extend the time from October to July,
and will give ample opportunity next session to
investigate the whole matter, ami to settle it upon
such a basis as will be just to the Government
and all the, parties interested.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot see how letting
this thing go over to n *xt Monday will do any
harm. 1 see- no great harm to ae.ci ue to the Gov-
" ernmentfrom accepting these bids, and I presume
neither the Government officers nor the gentle-
man know what these bids are. I cannot pre-
sume that they do. I hope, therefore, the gentle-
man will allow me to postpone the resolution
until Monday next. If not, I hope the House
will not psiRg it. ! cannot understand the objec-
tion to postponing the resolution until Monday,
when we shall know exactly what the bids are.
Mr. ALLEY, i see nothing to be gained by
postponing; but, on the contrary, great harm wjll
result, if it is any object to save a large anlount
of money to the Government.
Mr, STEVENS. 1 hope the gentleman will
allow rn" to move to postpone.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 cannot. 1 insist upon the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the House will not
second it. I
The question was taken; and there were-—ayes I
33, noes 36; no quorum voting. I
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Alley and
Shannon were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 56, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and being put, the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. SHANNON called for the reading of the
engrossed joint resolution.
The SPEAKER stated that the joint resolution jj
not having been engrossed, it went to the Speak- Jj
®r's table. i
VOTES fcKCOilDED. j;
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York, I ask unan- |j
imo'as consent of the House to record my vote on )l
the last vote taken yesterday—that on the pas-
sage of the bill for the repeal of the fugitive slave
law.
Mr, ANCONA. I will not object if the same
privilege is accorded to me. I was absent yester-
day under the impression that I was paired.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the same privilege.
. No objection was made.
Mr. ARNOLD and Mr. KELLOGG, of New
York, voted "ay."
Mr. ANCONA voted " no."
Mr. FENTON. 1 was obliged to leave the
House yesterday afternoon in consequence of ill-
health, and my colleague [Mr. Steele] kindly
paired with me on the'bill to repeal the fugitive
slave law. We are both present now, and I ask
that we have leave of the House to record our
votes.
No objection was made.
Mr. KENTON" voted in the affirmative,and Mr.
Steele, of New York, in the negative.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, changed his vote from the negative to the
affirmative on the resolution reported from the
Committee of Elections declaring Mr. Jayne not
to be entitled to a seat as Delegate from Dakota.
SALES OP GOLD.
Mr. HOOPER called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration o( the bill (S. No.
JOG) to prohibit certain salrs of gold and foreign
exchange, coming up as unfinished buMness.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Will the gentle-
man from Massachusetts withdraw the previous
question long enough to afford nie an opportu-
nity of saying a few wordy on this bill prohibit-
ing t he sales of gold ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in the power of the
gentleman from Massachusetts to do it. The
ptevions'question was sustained on the third read-
ing of the bill, which cut ofl debate, and a motion
was then made to lay the billon the table, winch
was also undebutable-. The gentleman can speak
now only by unanimous consent.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I wasabseni, from
the Mouse when this bill was undtr considera-
tion last week. 1 desire an oppoiluiuty to be
heard upon it, and i would like to say what I
have to say now. J
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the i
condition of the question. After the previous I
question was sustained on the third leading of i
the bill, a motion way made to lay the hill ou the |
table, which prevailed. A motion was then en
feied to leconsider the vote by-which the bill wan i
laid upon the table; and a motion has been made
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. In
this state of the question the gentleman from
New York asks leave to speak for a few minutes.
Is there objection ?
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. ELD RIDGE denmnued the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wtre ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 03, nays 79, notvuting39, as
follows:
YfiA^~-Messrs. James C. Alien, Ancona,Baity, Augus-
tus C. B.ildwin, ftiook-i, James S. Lhowu, Uoihoth, (/ox,
Oi.iveiif, Duw-on, l)cniM>a, Eden, Edsreiton, Eldndge, En-
glish, Gannon, Gruier.Gi iswold, Hale, Harding, Hairirigton,
Ohaih> .M, ij.mi-i, (ii'irtek, Higbv. llohnun, liutcltins,
Philip Johnsofi, William Johnson, Kernan, King, Knapp,
Law, La/.ear, Le Blond, lUallorv, Maicy, McDowell,
McKmn:\\, William 11 Miilu, J,iuiin ft. Mori i>, Moii -son,
John O'ftfeiU, Pendleton, Paiyn, landlord, Samuel J. Ran- 1
dali, Robinson, Rogers, Ho**-, ScoU, John B. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Sule>, btiou-e, Stuart, Sw* at, Thomas,
Tr.iC) , Wo«isw >rtli,\Vli< user,In lion A. White, Joseph W.
White, and Fernando Wood—(33.
NAYS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ame?, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John D. Iialdwin, Iranian, Blaine, lUau. Blow,
Houiwell, Bovd, Lhamk'gi'i', B.-oomall, Amb-ose W. Clark,
Cobb, Cole, (Ju-^Wi 1!, Uem> Wintoi D<u i*,Thomas T. Da-
vis, !>a\ve>, Dixon, Donnelly, Diisj[s, Eekley, Eliot, Farns-
worih, Fcnn n, Fiank, Gatfiekl, Uooper, Uotchkifs, Asahel
W. Hubbard, John II. Uubbaid, tluihurd, ingersoll, Julian,
Kelley, Kiaueia W. Kellogg. Oilando ICellegg, LiUlcjohn,
Loan, Longye.u, M.uvin, McCluiu, Mel nine, tfamuel F.
>Willcj, Mooiiiead. Mmnll. Amo  M}et>. Leonaid Myers,
Noiton, Charles O'Neill, Oith, I'erham, Pike, Puc% Alex-
antler II. Rice, John II. Uice, richenek, Scoheld, Shannon,
Sloan, Smith. Sunun is, Spalding, rttarr, Stevens, Thayer,
Cpsoti, Van Valkenbmgh, Webstei. Whaley, Williams,
Wilder. Wihon, Windom, and Woodhtldgo—79.
NOT VO'i'lJSG—Messrs. William J. Allen, Baxter, Blisi,
William (j. Biown. Chattier, Fteenmii Claike, Clay, jDem-
ing, Dumont. Fineiv. Gooch, Gaunell, Hail, Benjamin G.
Hams, Jenckcs, Kalbfleisch, Kassou, Long, McAllister,
MeBrlde, Middle-ton, Daniel Morris, Nelson,"Noble, Odell,
Patterson, Perry,Pomeroy, William H. Randall. Edward H.
Rollins, James S3. Rollins, Stebbuw, Vonrtiees, Waul, Elihu
B. Wa&hburne, William B. Wasliburn, Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, and Yeaman—39.
• So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. W, J. ALLEN stated (during the roll-
call) that he was paired with his colleague, Mr.
Washburne.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill and amendments
were laid upon the table.
The question was put; and the motion to recon-
sider prevailed.
The question recurred on laying the bill and
amendments on the table.
Mr. FERNAJNDO WOOD. Will the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] with-
j draw the previous question to enable me to sub-
mit a few remarks?
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts cannot withdraw it, as the House has
ordered the main question.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to speak for ten min-
utes on the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to lay the bill and amendments on the table.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Hooper, in the nature of a sub-
stitute for the first section, as follows:
That it shall be unlawful to make any contract for the
puu'haxe or sale or delivery of any gold com oi bullion to
be delivered on any day subsequent to the day of making
such contract, or for the payment of any sum, either tixeel
oi (.'ontnigont, m deiault of ihe delivery of any gold com or
bullion, or to make such contract upon any oihei terms
than the actual delivery of such gold coin or bullion, and
the payment in lull of the a^iecd price thereof, on fhc day
on which such contract is made, in United States notes or
national currency, and not otherwise; oi to make any
contract tor the purchase or bale ordohveiy ot any foreign
exchange to be delivered at any time beyond ten day? sub-
sequent-to the making ol htieh contract; or for the pay-
ment of any sum, either fixed or contingent, m default "of
the delivery of any foreign exchange, or upon any other
terms than the actual delivery of such foreign exchange
witiun ten days from the making of such conn act, and the
immediate payment in lull ot the a^ieed price theieot, on
the day of delivery, in United States notes or national cur
rency; or to make anv contract wliatev< r lor the >ale or
dehveiy ot any gold com or bullion of which the person
making such contract ehali not, at the tinn* ot making the
frame, be in actual possession. And it --hall be unlavvjul
to make any loan of money or eunency not being in com
to be repaid in coin or bullion, or to make any loan of coin
or bullion to be icpaid in morn v orcuriency other than (om.
And on the amendment to the amendment of-
S fertd by Mr. Davis, of New York, to add the fol-
lowing pioviao:
Provide,Z, however, That during the operation of tins act
the laws of trade and the law of gravitation be, and they
are heieby, suspended.
Mr. HOOPER. I propose to modify my
amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to any modification.
Mr. COX. I propose to move to amend the
title.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this stage of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment, as read by the Clerk, is differ-
ent from the printed amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman modified his
amendment the other day in various patiicidars.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I ask leave to
withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
withdraw it by unanimous consent.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 object.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Hooper's amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time.
Mr. HOOPER moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ancona and
Allisok were appointed.
The House divided; and the tollers reported—
a}'es 64, noes 54.
So the previous question was seconded.
Th6 main question was then oulereckto be put.
OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. ALLEY, i rise to a privileged question.
