1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
relation to one person as " captives of war," and j
treat them in relation to another as "chattels;"
that shali justify manumission where our armies
are not, and forbid it where they are or have been.
All these human beings, confirmed thus in their
inalienable rights of freedom, are not property
which the Government is taking for its own use, |
and to which it thereby acquires a title of owner-
ship, but it is institutions and customs and claims
and ancien* wrongs grown intolerable, that we
blot out as not compatible with the " general wel-
fare" of this nation, never consistent with justice,
and not now possible with any assurance of life
itself.
That the Constitution of the United States in-
vests the Congress and the Executive with all
powers necessary to maintain that Government,
provide for the common defense, and guaranty
republican forms, has been too often asserted,
acted upon, arid concurred in by this Senate to
make it now liable to question, and that the ex-
istence of such plenary power, even to the extir-
pation of slavery, if adjudged necessary for the
safety of the State, was recognized by some of the
ablest of contemporary expositors of that Consti-
tution, is well attested in our history. Especially
was this the case in the debates of the Virginia
convention of delegates, where perhaps that in-
strument passed its severest scrutiny. Patrick
Henry, in enumerating his objections to its ratifi-
cation, speaks thus:
<l With respect to that part of the proposal which says
that eveiy power not granted remains with the people,
it must be previous to adoption, or it will involve tins
country in inevitable destruction. To talk of it as a thing
sub&equent, not ad one of your unalienable riglits, is leaving
it to the casual opinion of the Congress who shall take tip
the consideration of the matter. They will not reason
with >ou about Hie effect of this Constitution. They will
not take rhe opinion of this committee concerning its oper-
ation. They will constiue it as they please. If you place
it subsequently, let me ask the consequences. Among
thousand implied powers which they may assume, iliey may,
if we be engaged in war. liberate everyone of yonr«lavr sif
they please. And this must and will be done by men a
majority of whom have not a common inteie&t with you.
They will thereiote have no feeling of your interests. It
has been repeatedly said here that the great object of a
national Government was national defense. Th.it power
which is said to be intended lor secuuty and safety may be
rendered detestable and oppiessive. If they give power to
the General Government to provide (onhegenei al defense,
the means must be commensurate to the end. All the
means in the possession of the people must be given to the
Government which is intrusted with the public defense.
In this State there are two hundred and thirty-six thousand
blacks, and there are many in several other States. I3ut
there are few or nonp in the northern States; and yet if
tiie northern .States shall be of opinion that our slaves are
numberless, they may call foith every national resouice.
May Congress not say Uuct every black manmust fight 1 Did
we not see a little of this last war? We were not so hard
pushed as to make emancipation general; but acts of As-
sembly pa>s>cd that every stave who would go to the Army
should he frei.'. Anothei tlungwill contubuteto buna: this
eventabout. Slavciyis detested. We feel its fatal effects;
we deplore it with ail the pity of humanity. Let all thc&e
con-ideiations at. some future period pr js> with full foice
on the mindsof Congress. Let that urbamiy which I tr «t
will distinguish Ameiiea.and the necessity of national de-
fense—let,ill these things'operate on their minds, they will
search that paper and see if thev have power of mumimie-
sion And have they not, sir?" Have they not power to
provide foi the general defense and weliare? May they
not tlunk that these call lor the abolition of slavery? May
they not pionounce all slaves tree, and will they not be
warranted by that power? This is no ambiguous impli-
cation or deduction. The paper speaks to the point: they
have fhe 'power in clear, unequivocal terms, and will clearly
and ceituinly exercise it. As much as I deplore slavery, i
see that piudence forbid* ;.ts abolition. 1 deny that the
General Government oughv to set them nee, because a de-
cided majority of rhe States have not the tie* of sympathy
and (ellmv-feeling tor tho<e whose interest'- would be af-
fected by their emancipation. The majontyof Congiess
jc to tho Noith, and the slaves are to the South."—Eliot's
Debates, pages 089, 590.
Nor have statesmen in late years hesitated to
announce the same broad and emphatic interpre-
tation. John Ctuincy Adams, in the discussions
of the Houseof Representatives, made use ofsuch
declarations as these:
" Sir, in the authority given to Congress bv thf1 Consti-
tution oi the Tiiifd Slates to dcc'.are war, all the poweis
incidental to war arc by ncee-ssaiy implication conferred
npontheGoveinmentotthe United States." ■* * *
'• There are two clashes ofpowers vested by the Con-
stitution oi the United States in thou Congtess and Execu-
tive Gov«m linn-lit • the powers to bp executed in time of
peace and the power* incident to war. That the powei * of
peace aie limited bv piovimoiis within the body of the Con-
stitution jt-.cli; but that the powers of war arc limited and
regulated only b\ the law* and usages or nations, and are
subject to no other limitation.'* * * * "t
do not admit that there h even aniong the peace powei ? of
Con<*i ins no tmeh autlionty, but in toar ihero aie many
■yvavs by which Confess not only have tho authority but
are bound to mteifeie with the institu'iou of siaveiy ui the
States." * * * * {(When the southern States
are the battle-field between slavery and emancipation,
Conuress may sustain the institution by war, or perhaps
abolish it by treaties of peace? but they will not only
possess the constitutional power so to interfere, hut they
will be bound in dutv to do it by the express provisions of
the Coi^titiniori itself. From the instant the siavehold-
ing States become the theater of' wtir, civil, servile, or for-
eign, from that fnstaut the war powers of Congress extend
to interference with the institution of slavery in every way
by which it can be interfered with." * * .* *
" With a call to keep down slaves in an insurrection and
a civil war comes fall and plenary power to this House
and to the Senate over the whole subject, fti* a war power.
Whether it be a war of invasion or a war of insurrection,
Congress has power to carry on the war, and must carry it
on according to the laws of war; and by the laws of war
an invaded country has all its laws and municipal institu-
tions swept by the board, and martial law takes the place
of them. This poner in Con^ressbas, perhapsriiever been
called into exercise under the present Constitution of the
United States."—Speeches of J. <£. Jldams, 1836-1842.
It will thus appear that both the elder and later
interpretations of the Constitution unite in recog-
nizing this war power as existing in Congress and
the Executive, and it onlv remains to set forth that
under such exercise ana by virtue of the received
law which controls it, the subject-matter here
claimed for its action is fully embraced therein.
Many references to received authorities might be
made on this point, for it is one very well attested;
but a single quotation will suffice to exemplify the
spirit of them all. Thus Vattel, in his Law of
Nations, says:
" It has been obseived (§ 196) that we may be obliged, if
not externally, yet in conscience and by the laws of equity,
to restore to a third party the booty we have recovered out
of the lands of an enemy who had taken it from him in an
unjust war. The obligation is more certain and more ex-
tensive with regard to a people whom our enemy had un-
ju*!lv oppressed- For people thus spoiled of their liberty
never renounce the hope of recovering it. If they have not
voluntarily incoi porated themselves with the State by which
they have been subdued, if they have not freely aided her
in the war again*t us, we certainly ought so to use our vic-
toiy as not merely to give them a new master, but tobieak
their chains. To deliver an oppressed people is a noble
fruit of victory; it is a valuable advantage gained thus to
acquire a faithful friend. The canton of Schweitz, having
wrested the country of GlarW from the houseof Austria, re-
stored the inhabitant* to their former liberties; and Glaris.
admitted to the Helvetic confederacy, formed the sixth c&n-
ton.^—VatlePs Law of Nahons, book page 391, side page
39*2.
Again, it will be observed that intrinsically the
proposition to abolish slavery by constitutional
amendment, and this to abolish it by act of Con-
gress, do not differ as to the effect upon alleged
right of property in slaves. No one proposes to
make compensation in connection with constitu-
tional amendment, so that the deprivation is the
same in the one case as the other. It is only a
question, then, which may be stated thus: can
we get at the deprivation both ways Assuredly
we can, because the power to deal with the ques-
tion both ways resides in us—to deal summarily
under the war powers so called, or by constitu-
tional amendment.
As an original question, the right of property
in man cannot be successfully maintained, and
they who contend for it here now in deference to
alleged constitutional obligations, will find them-
selves constantly embarrassed and involved in
contradictions of thoughtand reasoning until they
shall utterly discard it. Rights of property do
notoriginate in constitutions; they are anterior to
them. Right of property is but another name
for the natural right of each one to enjoy the fruit
of his own labor, and in jts very inception repels
and precludes the idea of slavery. It is simply
idle, then, to claim such property in human be-
ings and quote the Constitution as conferring the
titTe, or to rely upon its guarantees, if any such
could be tmly inferred from its clauses, as an in-
violable protection for such claim, when it so
clearly confers the power to dispense with even
st tU higher guarantees of personal liberty in main-
taining the Government.
The rigid argumentin behalf of this powerbest
states itself in the imperiled condition of the coun-
try. Every battle-field is an annotation fu I oi
meaning, every soldier's grave a link in the chain
of evidence. Slavery, containing Jn itself that
antagonism to free institutions which predetci m-
;l incd its appeal to arms in hostility to the national
] thought and the national being, must perish to
make assured any ending both of present conflict
and future convulsion; and slavery in afetate senn-
loyal or neutral, under this consideration, is just
ii as fatal to our national existence as m a State m
i| open rebellion. The exceptional condition ot pro-
j! fessedly loy&lclaimants iier£ and thci e cannot, in
this grave conjunction of affairs* be penuiued to
control our decision and operate to, extend the ten-
ure of slaveholding; for jt is from the inherent im-
possibility of assimilating that system with our
free Republic in any State, owing to its violation
of human rights, that the supreme reason, for di-
rect abolition originates. The outcome of amorail
wrong, fostered and encouraged in\the social state,
is seen in the calamities of to-day. That such
calamities may not attach to any other day:; that
the Republic may be rid of a disease which has
brought it nigh to death; that the struggle may
be forever ended with those who,have taken up
arms to make permanent the institution of slavery;
and that the American people may repose in un-
disturbed security, free, prosperous,and cohesive,
are the cumulative necessities that impel us now
to pass a direct act of universal freedom.
But why should we hesitate? It is an advance,
not a reaction. It is the first step' toward those
great destinies which await us, if only we be .true.
Do we prefer to go back into the past with its dis-
mays and corruptions and terrible retributions,
or forth into the future of hope and faith and
achievement? Let us rather contemplate the full
measure of that vast change of which this is bitt
a beginning, and realizing somewhat the spirit of
the age upon which we are entering, look therein
for other and convincing reasons to assure us that
the demand for this action is not premature, but
a well-considered wisdom; that it is not isolated
and optional, butconnects with still larger and im-
pending issues.
To do so, however, to note the march of these
times, it will require that we disabuse our speech
of much of the phraseology that gives false seem-
ing to events around us. Thus the terms rebel-
lion, used to designate this conflict, -unionism, in
varied inflections, chosen to generalize our fu-
ture, and reconstruction, largely adopted to signify
projected modes o£ arrangement, are all half
phrases, taking their meaningfrom obsolete rather
than existing attitudes, and afford no correctidea
of this era or its outcome. Rebellion may be well
applied to denote mer.e resistance forcibly of a
part of our people to the national thought; but
when employed to convey a comprehension of
and give a name for this great progression and
conflict, that reaches for its origin far back into
anti-slavery agitation, and looks forth for its con-
summation far forward to the new time, it be-
comes totally devoid of aptness or significance.
The rebellion is but an incident in the protracted
struggle, covers only the idea of appeal to force,
and measures not that moral flood-tide that surges
on this great movement. As well characterize
the events of France of '89 by the resistance of
La Vendee, or the birth and growth of the Eng-
lish Commonwealth by the.reduction of Ireland,
as gauge the meaning of this conflict by such a
formula of language. And so of unionisms; those
pliant, fearful, mock-modest attempts to cover up
;j these giant, gaunt, naked facts, that are stalk-
!l ing about in the daylight, with the gum-elastic
ij garments of old-time politicaUlrapery. The sim-
!! pie unities of the former state unrelated to rights
!l or wrongs, what do they signify now ? Tliey are
as passionless as algebraic equations, as vain as
mythologies. Who cares for the Union of the
past—a Union fraught with seeds of destruc-
tion—bitter with humiliations and disappoint-
ments? Who believes in the grief of these hired
mourners, so lachrymose before the world ? They
are not even self-deceived. It is likewise with
reconstructions—a free masonry that imagines it
has only blocks and stones to deal with, or a
child's play, that would build up as they have
tumbled down its card-castles, putting affably the
court cards on top again. Foolish craftsmen, see-
| ing not that it is the life arteries and the thews ana
i the sinews of a nation's being that are dealt with,
: and that it must be regeneration or death.
i The supremeat tiuth of our time is this: that
j it is a revolution in whose wliiils we are eddy-
:j ing and with whose currents we have to contend;
a revolution the grandest ever yet essayed by
J man, and destined to give its watchword to other
>; lands and peoples; a revolution in ail its great
'! outlines of enkindled faith, of continued develop-
:i ment,of oveiturned thralldoms.ofliberatedhope.
j The strata of this nation's sediment and coldness
!| and oppression has been broken through. Y;i"
ji man nature once more, by the grace of uo<l, lias
ii become volcanic and eruptive, and the precious
