1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
I move to reconsider the vote by^ which the joint
resolution in relation to the continuance, for one
year, of the overland mail to California was or-
dered to be engrossed find lead & thiid time.
The motion was entered.
SALES 01? GOLD AGAIN.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. Ancona demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 62, not voting 43;,
as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Aslilev, julmB. Baldwin, Baxter, Seaman, Blaine,
Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Biandegee, Ambiose VV.
Clark, Cobb, Colo, Henry Winter Davis, Davves, Dixon,
Dnntu'llv, Cckloy,Eliot, Farnswortfi, denton, t miik. Gar-
field, Gooch, Hooper, Uolclikis?, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jolni
H Huhbaid. Uulbunl. Ingerooll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W.'Kelloge, Orlando Kellogg, Littlejolin, Loan,
Lou-yeai. Marvin,McClnrg. Samuel F. Miller, Mooriii ad,
Darnel Morn,, Amos Mvere, Leonard Myen,Nor
Charles O'Neill, Ortli, ¥atterson, Perham. Pike, i riet,
Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Schenck, c(>fitkt, blian-
Sn SmiUi Fmitlie.t, Spalding, Stan, Stevrns,
T^iay^, Up'o^i, Van v5k«..b,V, WdAer, Wbalev, Wil-
ll" AYS"Meil^a!ne™C. Allen, Aneona, Baily, Ausnis-
. Iu  C. Baldwin, Bioulfe, James S. Brown, Ootirutta, Cox,
Craven^. Daw^(m,neulson,Eden,E(!gerton, E!dlli.ge,Lng-
lihh Finek Ganpori, Grider, Gi iswolrl. Hale, Harding, Har-
nWton, Charles M. Harris.  enlckv",f S/ Ken.an'
Phi'lm Johnson, William Johnson, Ivalbftmscli, Kevnaii,
Kniro L v. La/.ear, Le Blond, Mallory, Marey, McDo>v-
eU li ck.nin's William H. Miller, James K Mo. uMiwri-'
hOt'i Pendleton, Fruyn, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randan, Robin
so ' to" * Eo'A, Seott John B. Steele, Wiita, G. Stre e,
Stile" Btrouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Traev, Wads-
woitil', Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Josepll W. White, and
fn'otv"otING—Messrs. William J. Allen. Bliss, Broom-
!W"' Hv  •
washbuni, VYi'lliaiW'Winfield, Benjamin Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Yeamun—4.J.
So the bill was passed.
During; the roll-call,
Mr ALLISON stated that his colleague, Mi.
Kasson, was detained fiom the House by illness,.
Mr. HOOPER moved the previous question on
^Mr^COX 1 move to amend the title by mak-
ijjcr it read "still fulther to depreciate the cur-
^ "
^The SPEAKER. If the previous question be
not seconded, the amendment will be in ord|:r;
The i.rcvious question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was on agreeing
to the title of the bill.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the title of the
blThe SPEAKER. No amendments m order,
the previous question having been ordered
Mr COX. I rise to a question of aider, in
the first place I gave notice of my intention to
amend this title long before the previous question
was called; but I waive that, and raise another
noint of order. I submit that the Constitution
rermires that the title of each bill shall express the
object and purpose of it. Now, the object and
effect of this bill is to depreciate the cuuency of
the country and embarrass the commerce or the
country The title of the bill does not confoim
to that object, and therefore is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The gentleman from 01 o d d
give notice of his intention to move to amend the
Stic, but, as the gentleman from to very well
knows, the uniform piactict- o 1 , ,ie* hill
recognize the gentleman having chaige of the bill
at every stage.
The title of the bill was passed.
Mr HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on tne table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
CIVIL appropriation bill.
M'-nl&TithUr^.^nnba
rpaotX^fV,noi^thc smteofthc
Union upon House bill i
chair) and proceeded to the consideration of'
House bill No. 506, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1865, and for other purposes.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the first reading of the bill was dispensed
W The CHAIRMAN announced that the bill
would be read by sections for amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the reading of the
bill for amendments is commenced 1 rise to make
an inquiry of the Chair. Some time ago a lull
was brought before the House by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr.Stevens] from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, when upon the gen-
tlem&n's own motion upon its second reading it
was postponed. Objection was made to the second
reading of the bill for the purpose of giving an
opportunity of making certain points of order
upon provisions in that bill, and upon the_sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania Us
consideration was at that time passed over.
Subsequently, the bill which I hold in my hand
was brought before the House not by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means but by a gentleman
who is a member of that committee upon his own
individual responsibility. The bill was intro-
duced, and by order of the House referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on Monday morning lastduringthemormng hour
on the call of the States for resolutions and the
introduction of bills on leave.
I submit that this is introducing a new prac-
tice into the House, a practice which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with all the responsi-
bility that is upon them,having to a great extent
in their charge the business of the House, cannot
justify for a moment. It, was known that this
bill contained certain provisions which could not
properly be incorporated into an. appropriation
bill and gentlemen desired to avail themselves of
their richt under the rules of the House to laise
points of order upon them, and it was upon that
point that the bill was laid over on its second read-
in-. But, while that bill as thus pending in the
House, this bill containing the same provisions
was introduced and referred here in the ".regular
way I have slated; and if the proceeding is to be
sustained by the House it will be seen that mem-
bers will in this way be deprived of then just
rights on this floor. , ,
°Mr STEYKNS. I do not know whether the
gentleman has made a point of order or ""t-
Mr HOLMAN. I cannot raise a point ot ol-
der 011 this bill. It is here in committee by the
oide. of tl«? House. The history of how it came
heie the gentleman very well understands. I
simply rose to call the attention of the House to
It the purpose of showing how gentlemen had
been depr?ve£ of "their rights of raising questions
of order upon provisions that are mlpropeily
th Mr'sTEVENS. 1 have on'y 10 SS7 lhat th®
hill to which the gentleman refers will come up
in its turn This bill, contains some of the pro-
visions of that bill anA some important ones.but
that bill contains some provisions that ai<- not n
this This bill came into the House in a
mate way. It has been referred by the House to
[he Committee of the Whole on the state of he
Union, and I presume we have no tiling to do but
%ThOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania if it is not the intention to substi-
tute tins bill for the one pending m ihe House
S1mV HOLAI AN. As far as myexperience is con-
time an appropiiaUm ' pt tim,ugh the
poiting u. items in this bill are
s snssw?  J~ *u"
gentleman made a point of order, in order to ob-
viate difficulties of that "kind, as they might be
out of order, they were left out, and the pending
bill was introduced containing some items which
the Committee of Ways and Means have.sanc-
tioned. As there were some not in, order in that
bill this wijs-prepared and introduced to obviate
that difficulty'. -
Mr. HOLMAN. One question and answer
will settle all 1 desire to obtain. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania what^es this bill has
been framed in strict conformity to the^ rules_ of
the House in reference to what appropriation
bills ought to be?
Mr. STEVENS. I will answer that items in
it have been examined and sanctioned by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think that the gen-
tleman anwers my objection. The objection to
the other bill was that it contained appropriations
not authorized by the rules of the House. I ask
whether in this revision to which he refers those
portions of the bill which he reported himself, and
to which the objection was made that they were
notappropriate to appropriation bills, were stncK-
,ellMr! STEVENS. I am not able to judge how
far the Speaker would have decided some of these
to be in order. This bill contains some items 1
have never assented to, although the majoitty o
the Committee of Ways and Means have sanc-
tioned them. I will not say that they are not in
. order, but they are items for which 1 will not
V°Mr HOLMAN. AU I have to say I can say
in a single word; it is the first instance where a
practice of this kind has been resorted to to de-
prive members of their rights upon this floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be-dispensed with.
fvlr. HOLMAN. I object, and call for the nist
reading: of the bill. . , ,
Mr. PENDLETON. In relation to the sub-
iect under discussion I desire to say that 1 ln'fp"
duced this bill,and mtioduced it in accordance with
the rules of the House last Monday morning, and
it was, as under the rule it must he, referred to_ the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I am not aware there has been any evasion or any
transgression of any rule of older.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I PI°P0B® t0
comeinto collision with my fnend from Ohio [Mr.
Pendleton] on this bill, in order to call the a
tention of the House more particularly to the ex-
traordinary mode of legislation which lias spiung
up in this House, by which private bills, private
claims, which cannot be brought before the House
in any proper and legitimate way except on re-
port by the Committee of Claims, are put into
appropriation bills, and then forced through as
coming from the Committee of Ways and Means
asTf in regular order. If I we.e to make these
reuiaiks to apply to,the other side of the House,
they would not have that force as when I make
them on a gentleman who is a political af ocl!lt 
of mine, ostensibly the father of'this bill, although
it comes fi om the Committeeof Ways and ^al^-
1 call the attention of this House to tilt last
section of the bill. U provides that the ninth sec-
, lion of the act making appropriations for su"dry
I civil expenses of the Government foi tht, yeai
' ending June 30, 1864, and foi the year endin-
Tune 30, 1863, and for other purposes, appiovcd
March 3 1863, appropriating thirty per cent, of
Maich J, i , pi I pecjK| (!ieS (or internal
the cost or engiaviric i d-oA
revenue stamps, nottoexceed in amount $,20,000.
' be so amended as to enable the SeeJf1 /eir
i Treasury to pay the contiactors, Butlei & Car-
1 peine," the sum of $20,000 m futtot al
indemnity. I do not know who Lutler & Car-
oenter are. 1 presume that they have an^un-
§oubted right to this money , oi
would not have been put in the bil . Bu here s
an uppiopriation'bill,every item of whieh should
be in pursuance of some statute in order to be re-
i[ oorted from the Committee of Ways and
!1 Mr STFVENS I will say Unit Butler &
,] Mv. biij -,no ™1IA Mffion^Fcdinpniit-
o.ivnemtpr are nersons wno di<- >
Caipentei are: p „ , and this item was
Ste®''watidacted mfbyThe Committee of Ways
j! al M^BROOXCS. The legitimate wuy of doing
