1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
maiks upon which it is possible to base anything
like a" charge" is the following:
Whai become.-* oi h;-< iiMfidenedutternpf to rehevehim-
pc'l'ul' n.e ' M]-ps<'[Mi' ('t ai: ' Elott to speculate by sluug-
giln1: liquor* !ii vioi.iui.u ol l-^ul.aions?"
If nft1 iwjilis I use the words "condemned
euminit!" m compaiisoti, they could only apply
to the charge " of suspicion." I will show you
enough in the testimony to convince you that he
was suspected, that he should have been sus-
jn-cied, and that, by this investigation, he has
indelibly stamped "suspicion" upon his character.
An intelligent public will pronounce a correct ver-
dict, and consign to a political grave <j political
demagogue.
I say " suspicion." Let us see the language
of his own witnesses and friends on this point,
for no others did be have, save a Me. Finney,
whose testimony issoiiisigoificaiu and manifestly
partial that [ shall not fuither notice him.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to remark to the gentle-
man that being a member of the committee, 1
patiently heaid all the testimony in tile case, and
there is not a particle of evidence going to show
thai Geneial Blair was implicated in this matter
at all. There was not even asuspicion cast upon
him. Thematierisas plain as day is from night.
There was not one particle of evidence duiing
that whole investigation showing, or tending to
show, that Mr. Blair was engaged in liquor spec-
ulation.
Mr. McCLURGr. Myspeech maygoforward
to the public, and they will judge for themselves,
I here give the language of that testimony, and I
contend that )t does throw suspicion upon him.
If I come to a false conclusion, it is my fault; if
the House e.ome to a false conclusions it is their
business and not mine. I will give the language,
and 1 am willing that it should go before the pub-
lic in that way.
But before 1 proceed to the definite language of
the witnesses, I wish to give you a hasty insight
into the case fi om a correct point of view. Then
1 will endeavor to make your view more distinct.
■The order was signed by " the military member"
[Mr. Blair] as general commanding a division
near Y'eksburg, 3d June, 1863, and by eight of
his staff officers, the last one, Doyle, having signed
it at Memphis. The order empowered one Mi-
chael Pow'eis to procure liquors, &c., " for their
own use." The order, according to its present
face, Is for twenty-five gallons brandy "each,"
and other ai tides in proportion,such as whisky,
ale, wines, cigais, &c. The older is as appeals
111 tile photographs no .v distributed in the House.
Michael Powers, the agent, purchased from one
David Nicholson of St."Louis, as the original in-
voice will show, which is in evidence, nine times,
  with two small variations, the amounts of each
article named in the order, interpreting the order
os it reads, " each" being after the word brandy,
the fiist item, and dotted for the others, nine be-
ing the number of officers. The shipment was
made and the application for the shipment was
made at the custom-house, ami permit granted.
Mr. Howard, the friend of "the general-mem-
ber," [Aii. Blair,] is the custom-house ofiker,
the collector of the port. The original applica-
tion for the permit to ship is in evidence, and that
application embodies the affidavit of a clerk ol
Mi. .Nicholson, who sold the liqnnrs, &c., ins
statement, sworn to, that "the goods, wares, and
merchandise are owned by Powers," and again
that " M. Powers is the owner,"&c. This ap-
plication and affidavit are dated loth Jane, It-iiS.
The liquors, &c., succeeded in reaching a point
neat Vicksbnrg; but a military order of General
Grant, dated ftih June, prevented then groing
a.shore in a foimal manner. They lemained ni
tlw- hoal, (so much as were not sold or used up,)
and alter some weeks were seized at Cairo on their
passage up the river by the collector for alleged
lioljinm of leguhuions. At length Mr. Bonner,
e,al Treasury agent at St. Louis, the same m-
(Uvi-lna! \vlu> is charged with lorgery by the
member " [Mr. Bl.uk,] who was not appointed
an a"pent' for weeks after the purchase and ship-
ment Olden d the liquors, Ac , to St.Louis, ana
tttuu'd them over by his order to the owner, M. -
Povveiis, and he inimediati ly to 111. A-eh
vv ho. \ oil will
lee OVVI
eees of tinr
.on, |
was, and who a^'is '
Tie y mine! a! Hi. Lo\u^ mpro-
A loss was the result to somebody.
if 'testimony be t.ue. Bad feelings were aroused.
Treasury agents were abused. A defense had to
be made. The newspapers were resorted to.
The so-called "liquorspeculation" was discussed;
it was defended; it was excused. Letters were
written early in September by Mr. Nicholson,
the vender of "the goods." Those letters are in
evidence. In October, Michael Powers, the agent,
appeared in a published letter excusing " the mem-
ber" for having signed the order, as the sutlers
were selling at prices too high to the soldiers.
The order and invoice appeared in the newspa-
pers, and " the Blair liquorspeculation" became
a subject of common conversation. During that
entire discussion it was never intimated by either
"the member" [Mr. Blair] or by any of his-
friends to the publicthataforgery had beenpom-
mitted. This is the evidence. Notwithstanding
" the member" was in St. Louis in July, which
will not be denied, and it is in evidence he was
there in September, and made a specch, in which
he abused Mr. Chase, and notwithstanding itis
in evidence that the witnesses, the staff officers,
and Mr. Howard and Mr. Nicholson saw the pub-
lication of the order and invoice, still, as they
themselves testify, there was no allegation thata
forgery had been committed. Nothing of the
km'd appeared until a letter of Mr. Howard ap-
peared in print, dated 4th of February last, and
that was indefinite in its language, and three or
four months after the lengthy discussion. There-
fore there was before the public prima facie evi-
dence that somebody violated the " laws in the
matterofan alleged liquor speculation." As "the
member's" [Mr. Blair's] name was about that
time prominent as one indorsing an emancipation
ordinance, " declaring slaves free at their death,"
and as his name was first to this orderfor liquor,
it was natural and reasonable that " suspicion"
should have rested upon him.
Then when he, unprovoked, attacked my char-
acter twice, was it to be expected that 1 would
not let fly an arrow, knowing him to be vulner-
able not only in the heel, but in all parts of his
body? And was it to be supposed 1 would not aim
at a vital point? The poisoned arrow which de-
prived " the member " of his self-possession was
the words, " how can he relieve himself of the
suspicion?" The committee is constituted to in
vestigate, and. the vender of the liquors, the col-
lector who permitted the shipment, and four staff
officers, whose names are signed by themselves to
the order, interested witnesses, appear to testify.
I produce, of course, the prima facie proof, the
oi del'. They swear that the amount of the order
has been increased by addition of figures and the
woid "each." 1 might here let the case rest,as
I have made no charge except of "suspicion,"
and as there is not one word of evidence to show,
indeed, no attempt to show, that Mr. Bonner
heard of the order until the liquors were seized
at Cairo. I have made no charge, and Mr. Bon-
ner is proven not to be a forger, which "the
member" distinctly charged him to be. But had
I been disposed to have not argued this case fur-
ther than this point, and to have suffered " the
member" to escape unharmed, ill ease he had
shown that magnanimity which I am satisfied an
innocent man would have shown when apparent-
ly a load of suspicion was removed, all such dis-
position was eradicated by "the member" him-
self, by lus cross-examination of Mr. Bonner,
which covers fifty-seven pages of foolscap paper,
throughout which his vindictive spirit is cieaily
mamlest. 1 am under no obligations to be le-
nient, and it is my duty to give fearlessly my opin-
ion formed from* the testimony. The frowns of
those I shall speak of I do not fear; their favors
1 do not ask. 1 shall give testimony as the rea-
sons for my opinions. If testimony shall not
sustain them of course they will be harmless, il
it should the public should know them.
On page 18, of the manuscript testimony, Cap-
ttnn Gi uise A. Maguire, a staff officer, who signed
the oitlvr". testifies that "the affair, commonly
called ' Blair's liquor speculation,' wasdiscussed
iri the papers of fc>i. Lotus.'' On page 22 a let-
ter oi card of Captain Maguire appears, dated
:28th March last, last month, after my speech of
I !i3d, when i exhibited the order, and he says " the
! question of General ' Blair's liquor speculation'
! having bee,, recently renewed by the agents of the
i Treasury Department, "<&c—" renewed." itltad
been. On page 35 " the member's" [Mr. Ulaui's]
| iifjst qutstiuu to his own Witness, Mr. Howtuu,
collector, is, " Do you recollect anything in re-
gard to this orderfor stores, liquors, &o.,.which-
has been so much commented on in tlle newspa-,
pers, called the' Blair ltq>u oi*. speculative;? And
the answer is, " I do 'not .reeollect a great-deal
about it until after it was-seised and m$de
ter of notoriety." On pages 55 and 60 this. -wit-
ness testifies that "during the laenths of Septem-
ber and October, 1863, he saw the disci!ssscfrssait1
regard to the 'so-calledliquor speculation?'?' 00'
page 73, the first-, question asked by " the mem-
ber" of Mr. Nicholson, his own witness,tthe
vender of the goods, is, 'f Did you ship the goods
named in this ' famous Blair Uquor speculation?' "
On page 116.is a lengthy .printed publication
signed by thissame David Nicholson, dated 31st
October, 1863; and this communication" has' for
its caption, "More of that liquor speculation."
Still, as I have said, not .one word, in .all ttesr,
communications, is uttered' intimating.a forgery
until in February, 1864, and then the -language
is indefinite. " The member," in attempting to
prove that Mr. Bonner knew- of the forgery, askal
Mr. Howard, I believe,-with apparent astonish-
ment, if Mr. Bonner knewjc for three months,
and would not do him the justice to publish it?-
With astonishment may 1 notaskwht^'.' the mem-
ber's "personal friends, thecollector, thefflerChant,
his staff officers, who have lately come, to the res-
cue, suffered at least four months to pass without
attempting to do him justice, when, during that
time, printed letters, making exeuses for having
signed the order, appeared? ' . ' .
Captain,Maguire, who does not appear in thtf
testimony in a very enviable light, which I will-
show should I have the time, on page 19, after
saying he looked overthe order and-invoice-a few
days after the publication and satisfied himself
that the forgeries had been committed, testified
that he stated it was a forgery " to all his friends."
Still, he testified that about that time he did not
write and have published a card. Why did' he
not come to the rescue of his friend at thai time,
when he could have so easily defended him by ex-
posing the forgery ? Why did none of his friends ?
He stated it to " all his friends." Surely a staff
officer had friends who were friends Of ilie gen-
eral. But none would defend hinj., Onpagp21, he,
Captain Maguire, says "he saw two eommuni-
cationsfrom Mr. Nicholson and onefrom Michael
Powers and did not recollect that they stated it
was a forgery." And, on same page, he testified
" be did not see in any of those communications
that a forgery had been committed." Buthehad
satisfied himself and he and " all his friends" rei
mained silent. But he did notshow himself a lag-
gard , when, on the 28th March, he dated a printed
Fetter, after the exposure in this House on the 9th
and again on the 23d of that month. We can sup-
pose there was time for a proper understanding.
Even Collector Howard, the personal and po-
litical friend,and who " supposes" "the member"
used his influence to have him appointed to office
of collector, did not come to his friend's relief,
but in silence suffered him abused, for he testi-
fies, on page 39, that he " thought he discovered
the alterations and forgery some time in Septem-
ber or October, after the order had been pub-
lished." Still this same partisan friend, after
publicity of the order, remained silent until the 4lb
of February last, when he appeared in a letter
published and in evidence on page 36 and said
that Mr. Bonner would inform that the docu-
ments, on which the charge of "General Blair's
liquor speculation" is founded, " are base for-
o-enes." He commences his testimony by saying,
" the presentation of the original papers by Col-
onel McClurg, in the House of Representatives
on the 23d of March, 1864, demands this expla-
nation." The presentation of the copies lo the
public in September or October did not demand
from this personal and political friend even a let-
ter to the public for four months. And when, oil
the 8th of February last, a letter appeared in the
papers from Mr. Bonner, to disgrace whom the
attempt has been so persistently made, which,in
hfs too great kindness, he was induced to write
by " the member's" friends, in which he did not
inform the public as Mr. Howard had expressed,
but stated merely that Mr. Howaid stated that a
member of Gi neial Elan's staff had, on examin-
ation of the paper, pronounced the word " each,
as it appeared in the order, also the last item on
the order, as forgeries, and thut Mi. lrlowniu
