1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
also gave it as his opinion at the time that the
same were forgeries and that to his mind there,
was a dissimilarity between the words mentioned
and the body of the order; yet he (Howard) did
notobjectbutsuffered the charge against his friend
to remain with such an explanation for two months
more, until he was called to the witness-stand.
Still " the member" asks for a committee to in-
vestigate my charge: " how does he expect to re-
lieve himself of suspicion?" He did not in Sep-
tember attempt to remove it; when absent his
friends did not; when again in St. Louis in Decem-
ber he did not. Why, it even appears on page
50, from Mr. Howard'sown testimony, notwith-
standing he severely censured Mr. Bonner for
giving a copy of the order, that, in his anxiety for
his friend, he underscored some words and figures
and sent the original orderby mail to the President,
and thatit was seen by thePostmasterGeneral also.
But the forgery was not apparent enough for them
to have made a publication in " the member's"
behalf. Could it then be expected that I would
not suspect, who had not at the time of my first
speech seen the order, when now, having seen
it and heard witnesses, I conscientiously believe
every word and figure to have been made by
Captain E. M.Joel, except the last item ofcanned
fruits? If no suspicion, what had removed it?
There was no proof, no declarations. I think,
then, that if my language "amounted to a charge
at all, I stand justified in the opinion of all.
But I will now ask in all sincerity, where do
those nine officers who signed that order stand?
By their own testimony, if they are not guilty—
those who testified—of perjury, they are morally,
every one who has had knowledge of a forgery,
guilty of that forgery. If theirtestimony be true,
they knew the order went into the hands ofMichael
Powers, theirown agent, and that as he made the
purchase and shipment, and the order was en-
larged to enable him to do so, he committed the
forgery or procured it done. By their own tes-
timony they knew of the forgery for months and
remained silent, although their own characters
were suffering. From theirown mouths are they
condemned. They knew a felony had been com-
mitted. "The member" knew it, for, as is in evi-
dence by Mr. Howard, " he [Mr. Blair] wrote
from the Army that a forgery had been com-
mitted," but he did not produce the letter. They
knew who the felon was. They concealed the
crime and the criminal, not only for a day or a
week, but for months. If not accessories before
the fact, by their own testimony they are after the
fact; certainly morally if not legally. They will
so stand condemned in the eyes of God and man.
"The member" would not have him—Powers—
who is guilty, by their direct testimony, if any
one is, of the forgery, subpenaed as a witness. I
did, knowing he could give the required light. Be-
fore 1 put him on the witness-stand, I informed
the committee I knew what he would swear to.
He testified as he stated to me, and covered him-
self with shame, if capable of shame. I did not
believe his testimony. I do not now. Even upon
the witness-stnnd " the member" came to the de-
fense of him he would have us believe committed
the forgery; for so soon as ho—Powers—had tes-
tified to answer " the member's" purposes, as it
would seem, he came to his relief and objected to
my question, saying "I had no right to bring
down my own witness;" but he should have
added his own friend, either the perjurer or the
forger, who knew how to testify so as not to crimi-
nate himself, as it is but reasonable to suppose he
had been taught.
But there is another proposition I will make
which will scarcely be controverted. It is this:
" The member" [Mr. Blair] and staff officers arc
not only morally but legally bound by the acts of
Michael Powers. He was their agent; and, ad-
mitting for argument's sake forthe timebeing the
forgery to have been committed, they unified his
acts. Their subsequent silence was a ratification
and adoption of the acts of the agent by the prin-
cipals. In sixty-sixth section, second volume,
Greenleafon Evidence, the truth of this propo-
sition is enforced in these words:
t: tYbi'i! the principal is once fully informal what 1ms
been done in tils hennlf, he ; ■ hound, if to ex-
press hi*. (IistiitislHctioii wifhiu ;i reasonable tune, and ii
lie does not his assent wiii he pie^umed."
Then it is hardly competent for these principals
to comein, interested witnesses, und by their own
oaths repudiate the acts of their own agent. It.
is hardly competent for them to censure others
for confirming, in words, the truth of what they
themselves were confirming in actions.
Do I not therefore stand guiltless of undue
severity in my language when I made the charge
of " suspicion?" Isitimpropertobreathe "sus-
picion" upon one when exalted when the same
act would brand the humble citizen with infamy ?
Are the exalted not to be brought low by their
complicity in crime or acts in violation of laws?
The people will answer that question correctly,
and, thank God, they, thehonest masses, consti-
tute a tribunal, a committee of the whole, that
never fails to pronounce a correct verdict. To
that tribunal this case will go, and I doubt not
the result.
My only witnesses examined were Mr. Powers,
the agent of " the member," Mr. Bonner, and a
Mr. Conner, of Washington city. Mr. Conner
was summoned merely to show an irregularity
even in Captain Joel's signatures by producing
a number from the quartermaster's department.
Mr. Bonner was only subpenaed that he might
defend himself against the charge of forgery made
by my colleague. My only x-eliance, therefore,
to convince others that my opinion is correct, is
upon the testimony of my colleague's interested
witnesses. My candid, deliberate conviction that
Captain Joel wrote all, except "25 box can
fruits," and that all the staff officers and my col-
league were cognizant of the same; that when
they were detected they conceived it to be better
for one to suffer than all, and better for that one
to be the more obscure and unfortunate one, rather
than a major general and staff, if that individual
could but be induced to take the whole load of dis-
grace upon himself. To be sure, in doing so, he
would not so testify as to jeopardize his liberty
by confinementwithin the walls of a penitentiary.
His having written " 25 box can fiuits," proba-
bly, and I think most probably, by consent, but
certainly afterwards, as I have shown, acquiesced
in, would aid in placing suspicion on him; but it
would notbe necessary, if subpenaed, to criminate
himself, and he woulu be able to explain it away
as agood opportunity to make some money. And
who knows that he has not made money by testi-
fying as he has? If guilty of a high crime, as his
own testimony indicates, to make money, would
he not perjure himself for money ? I am irresist-
ibly brought to this conclusion by the appearance
of the order itself and by the testimony of these
interested witnesses. In the remaining time left
me I cannot do justice to them. My analysis
must be too brief. Either one would require my
whole remaining time.
Captain George A. Maguire, of the staff, testified
that he signed the ouler, but did not know at first
where, but recollected " very distinctly what was
in it," even without inspecting the order. But
subsequent testimony disclosed the fact that he
had examined the order months before in St.
Louis, and another witness testified that "a pho-
tographic copy of the order obtained from me had
been examined in Washington city by the staff."
Of course his testimony corresponded with Cap-
tain Joel's: "that the word 'each'was inserted,
the item of canned fruits added, the first five twos
and three in first column prefixed, the fours in
twenty-four boxes Catawba and claret altered
from sixes, (which is the only perceptible truth
in the whole, except the canned fruits,) the ciphcr
added in thirty boxes cigars, the ciphcr added in
twenty boxes champagne, and doubtas to whether
four bales tobacco is or not an alteration from
one," (and the sixes may have been altered-to
fours by Captain Joel.) This is the same wit-
ness, Maguire, that discovered the forgery months
since, but remained silent, but now comes boldly
up to the work. He remembered "very distinct-
ly,"at length,Powers "coming to Haines's Bluff,
on a mule." It was seven to eleven miles from
the boats. " He [Powers] offered to bring down
a small lot of liquors and cigars." " He made the
i! offer." "He had more facilities." "Liquors,
I &c., that were shipped.to us were constantly
stopped by special Treasury aids and revenue
! aids and were seized." "Captain Joel was our
quartermaster, and wrote the order, and pre-
| sented it to us." "We signed it." "Iexam-
j ined it." " It was a very small one."
'| Let us notice whether or no his language does
not tecoil and show corruption and falsity on its
face so as to destroy his testimony. Mr. Powers,
who, as in evidence, was " nota personal friend,"
butbore " letters of recommendation "from "the
member," [Mr. Blair,] rode fourteen to twenty-
two.miles on a mule, in June, in a hot chmate, to
" offer" to " bring down a small lot of liquors!"
One instance of disinterested benevolence ! They
cannot now say his object was to commit a for-
gery, for his request, "not being a friend," was
unreasonable, and, if true, he-would have been
suspected. Captain Joel says he remained at
headquarters that day. But we were not informed
whether or no he slept with the general, " who
was not a personal friend," to talk over the " sher-
iff's bonds"against themselves, (and I might say
the judgments for twelity to thirty thousand dol-
lars; but that is not in evidence, as it was left out
of Mr. Powers's testimony from considerations
on mypartthatl consider wereafterwardsabused
by the " general-member,") ormerely to procure
those "letters of recommendation" which Mr.
Powers admitted he had. He " offered" to bring.
Ah! there is such a thing as proving too much. No
less than four times, in one answer to one ques-
tion did this witness use this language, on pages
13 and 14.
I have not time to describe the affecting scene
which can be imagined at headquarters (and which
might be photographed to grace bar-rooms) when
in the morning this benevolent man (Powers) on
his mule took his departure; and the many ad-
miring eyes followed him as his retreating form
disappeared in the distance, and heartfelt wishes
ascended that there might be a speedy return of
the " whisky" and " brandy," which soothe all
care, drive away fogs and sorrows, and aid in
charging fortifications. He bore the order which
would bring gladness and comfort to nine officers,
and, of course, many friends. And, according
to the testimony of these witnesses, what was it?
Five gallons brandy, five gallons whisky, three
boxes cigars, and a fewother articles! The enor-
mous quantity of one third of a box of cigars
each and two and two ninths of a quart of whisky
and same of brandy! And to procure this sup-
ply a major general and one of his staff, the quar-
termaster, signed the order, and that quartermaster
hunted up and presented it to six other staff offi-
cers for their signatures, and the ninth signed it
at Memphis. Why was all this necessary for
two and two ninths quarts each of whisky, and
two and two ninths quarts of brandy? There is
too much proven. Why, Mr. Howard, the col-
lector of the port, testified, in one answer, that
the name of a general was sufficient, (meaning
for any amount;) and here we have the names of
nine for a morning dram! And we are told by a
witness that Powers could take the liquors down
without charge and without interruption. That
is, Michael Powers could run the gauntlet be-
tween the Treasury agents; and Captain Maguire
on that point indulges in these words: " Liquors,
&c., that were shipped to us were constantly
stopped by special Treasury aids." Of course,
shipments were constantly being made to have
been constantly stopped, and the disappointment
was so great that in that warm climate the thirst
became intense, and in desperation it was re-
solved to have two quarts each, &c.; and, to ob-
tain it, to become accessories before the fact to a
violation of the regulations,asimplied in the fact
that liquors were being stopped by the Treasury
agents. This they knew, for one most aggrava-
ted case is mentioned by Captain Joel, the quar-
termaster, who " went with some others of the
member's" staff officers to the custom-house at
Cairo,and found an "empty demijohn there with
Genoral Bi.air's name on it, a three or a five-gallon
demijohn !" We were notinformed who emptied
it or how many demijohnsmighthave been found
all along the river with General Blair's name and
empty. I doubt not the whole truth would make
an interesting record.
Of this witness, Captain Maguire, I have only
time to add that he testified as to when he first saw
the original order after its publication, and then, in
a printed letter of 28th March, 1864, which he in-
dorsed as true under oath, he states, in referring
to the second time he attempted to see it, that he
was informed at the custom-house that Mr. Bon-
ner had " purloined" it. It is clearly shown by
Mr. Bonner's and Mr. Howard's testimony that
Captain Maguire's statement was false, although
Mr. Howard attempted deception by giving the
