1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
names of those who could give information at the
custom-house, whom, on cross-examination, he
acknowledged to be only porters. The maxim,
" lalse iri one, false in all," brings the whole tes-
timony of this witness to the ground. And he,
as is in evidence, some months since stated to
friends that "each" and " canned fruits" were
forgeries, and then comes and testifies distinctly
to additions of figures, two and a three and two
ciphers. And he testifies that the order " plainly
shows the forgeries in a different handwriting
from the body of the permit," to discover the
falsity of which it is only necessary for any man
to inspect the order.
Another witness,Dr. Franklin, the surgeon, a
staff officer, I will pass by. It may be his first
erroneous step; it may be his last. His recollec-
tion seemed distinct. He had seen the photo-
graph; he "did not read the communications,"
as hedid not " take the papers,"and immediately
says, "1 saw the publication of it in the paper."
in turning attention to Mr. Howard I regret I
cannot pay more respect to this personal and
political friend of "the member." lie is collector
of the port, grants permits forshipments,&c. As
to questions of veracity between himself and Mr.
Bonner, irrelevant to the case, I must pass by
(hem. Where the two are known, Mr. Bonner
cannot suffer. For my present purpose, it is
enough to show he contradicts himself, and at
last is compelled to disclose the fact that he vio-
lated the regulations, and, of com se, then, his oath
of office, in granting the permit to ship the liquors.
And here I would direct attention to the language
of the committee in their report. The language
is correct, but minds of others may be misled.
The committee say, "At the time the order was
delivered to Powers there was no law or military
regulation in any way prohibiting it."
Mr. CLAY. I think the whole point of this
part of the gentleman's speech is founded upon a
mistaken idea. If I understand the facts, Mr.
Blair never charged Mr. Bonner with forgery
at all. He charged one of the agents with for-
gery and another with publishing the forged
older. Mr. Bonner is the one he charged with
publishing. Therefore, the burden of this part
of the gentleman's speech, trying to convince the
House that he charged Bonner with the forgery,
is without foundation, for that charge was never
made by Mr. Blair at all.
As to the matter of trade regulations, there were
no trade regulations as we could understand from
the collector. He said decidedly that there were
no trade regulations, and that the permit was not
given in violation of any orders whatever. That
is my understanding, and that is the statementof
the collector of the port. Therefore I think the
* gentleman is entirely mistaken in staling that the
committee overlooked the matter. ■
Mr. McCLURG. 1 think the gentleman will
be convinced, when I Shall have quoted the lan-
guage of the witness, that he did kfiowingly vio-
late the regulations. I am aware that in the haste
of the committee they overlooked that portion of
the testimony, and I will make that clear to the
gentleman himself before I am done. In the quo-
tations I have made from the remarks of the mil-
itary gentleman it is shown that hedid distinctly
make an allegation of forgery against Mr. Bon-
ner. It is most clear and definite.
Bear in mind the committee say only that there
was no regulation prohibiting "the order." That
is true; a general could order what he pleased.
But the committee do not say there was no vio-
lation of regulations in making the shipment.
"The general member" did not violate the regu-
lations in making the order; but Mr. Howard, the
collector, as his own testimony shows, ana Mr.
Powers, the agent, violated the regulations by
permitting and making the shipment; and I con-
tend that the silence of these parties ratified all
that was done and made the violation of regula-
tions their own.
On Mr.Howard's cross-examination, page 55,
lieanswered that " theregulationsof theTreasury
Department and military orders" governed him.
To another question he answered, " I think then
(meaning June, 1863) they could ship on a mil-
itary order solely; of a major general's, for in-
stance. Now 1 think the signature of the com-
mander of the district is lequired, as well as that
of [he general commanding. There are muv two."
Tlnuauswer not satisfying me, I asked, " Whose
signature was required in June, 1863?" The an-
swer came: "I think that of the major general
commanding the department or district.'' The
truth at last came contradicting his former testi-
mony. "The member" JMr. Blair] did not
command adepartment or a district,but a division,
as designated in the order itself, in his signa-
ture. This true answer is confirmed by Mr.Bon-
ner, the special Treasury agent. Then, what is
Mr. Howard's testimony worth ? What value
can be given to his opinions? What to his judg-
ment, when he underscored, as forgeries, four
figures and words and left five not underscored,
which some others testify to as palpable forgeries?
A few words as to Mr. Nicholson, another wit-
ness, who sold the liquors. He testifies that he
is the owner; that he and Powers were the only
ones interested; that he sustained losses, saying
nothing about Powers's losses. He testifies that
they were turned over again to the owner, and
that they were tuf-ned over to Mr. Powers. Here
is a contradiction. The invoice is made out to
Mr. Rowers, and Mr. Nicholson's clerk swears
"Powers istheowner." The bill of lading shows
" M. P." as the mark, and it is sworn to as cor-
rect. There are printed letters of this witness in
evidence, in which he writes authoritatively as
the owner. He paid the five per cent, at the cus-
tom-house. This witness, ashistestimony shows,
labors to establish the belief that the Treasury
agents are corrupt plunderers, seizing goods with-
out giving receipts, and not accounting for the
same, but appropriating to their own use. And
when 1 attempted to, and did show by himself,
that the liquors, &c., were in charge of his own
clerk, specially appointed, he even attempted to
disguise the truth by saying " they were in the
hold of the boat, if that was being in his charge."
But he had to acknowledge that the liquors,&c.,
were in the charge of his clerk and Mr. Powers,
his clerk being present all the time, until they ar-
rived at Cairo, and he had to acknowledge that
he sold a part of the " canned fruits"and butter,
and fifty half barrels ale, and that he could pro-
duce no account of what arrived at Cairo, merely
relying upon a statement of the clerk, who may
have disposed of much more. There is further
proof, in Captain Maguire's testimony, that he
" thought they (those who gave the order) pro-
cured some of those liquors, &c., from Powers
by an order from General Grant's adjutant."
There is not a word of evidence, as the commit-
tee will say, to show that a Treasury agent com-
mitted a wrong, except in not rigidly enforcing
the regulations and disposing of these liquors,
&c., for the Government. For it will be remem-
bered there was no order or permission for the
purchase from a department or district com-
mander, and nothing to show that a shipment of
one dollar's worth of liquor without such order
was not a violation of the regulations. The reg-
ulations made no difference, although a custom
was yielded to. Mr. Howard, however, testified
that he "thought all orders (largeand small) re-
quired the words in the order before us,' for our
own use.' " And this in part accounts for those
words being in this order.
1 leave the witness Nicholson to drown his con-
science in liquors and sustain his character at 1
home. Before proceeding to the next witness, I will
state that Mr. Howard produced a memorandum
book of Mr. Powers to prove that "25 box can
fruits" and " each "and the additional figures were
made by Mr. Powers. I believe after an examin-
ation of that book "25 box can fruits" to have
been written by Mr. Powers, but whether consent
of the principals was given or not it was useless for j
me to attempt to prove. The word " each" and !
other figures resemble those in Powers's book
about as much as an ox cart resembles a pleasure j
carriage. It is evident to any observer that" can
fruits" and " each "were not written by the same
hand.
Now, my few remaining minutes to the last,
but not least, witness, I shall notice—Captain E.
M. Joel, the quartermaster, who acknowledges to
have written the body of the order.
Bear in mind that positive swearing does not
always convict even of the crime of murder. A
perjurer might acknowledge himself guilty to save
friends, character being gone and the grave open-
ing to receive him. But he would not be recog-
nized, if the footprints of another, marked with
blood, wele truly traced IVom the bleeding coi pse.
We will See the'evidences of guilt, in myopin-
ion, covering this witness. On page 4 "-die
member" asked the question, " Is there a- palpa-
ble difference between the additions and thse body
of the order as written by you?" The answer
is, "Yes, sir; there is IVvery lairge-'-difference."
Question. " Compare the capital E in- your sig-
nature with the same letter in *tbe' each.'"
The answer is, "The letter has.rro resemblance
to my style of writing." Therefore,- on page'6,
I ask this witness ta point out iri what respect the
figure 2 in the line "2 doz. bitters," acknowl-
edged to have been made by him, differs frtoth' tjje
other figures 2 claimed to have been added, and
you could not imagine the answer of one whojmd
just said "a very great difference." His imager
was, " They look very much alike." To the
question, " Do not the figures 5 appear to' Have
been altered as much as any others ?" he answered,
" It does not make any difference whether they
look so." I then asked him to point out any dif-
ference in the shading of the lines, the quantity
of ink used, or in any other respect, between the
word J' each" and the rest of that lin<?; The an-
swer is, " I am not sufficiently posted to tell
whether it is done with a different pen or with
different ink. Itlookspretty much-alike, though
it may have been with other ink altogether." He
says E in "each" is not his E,because it dilfers
from E in his name. Cast your eyes to the order,
or to the photographic copies, and you will see
as great a difference in C in " Capt." in his name
and C in "Catawba" and C in "claret," "ci-
gars , "and." Charles "as between the E's. Again,
see H in " each " and it resembles most strikingly
the H in " Michael, "in "half, "andin" whisky.
Again, the order as it now is bears evidence of
hurriedness. The letters in " each" are not well
formed, neither are they in "Catawba," " to-
bacco,"and " genuine." Again, the 4 in " bales
tobacco" was originally a 4, because " bales" is
in the plural and not altered. The same band
that formed 4 to bales formed all the fours as they
now are. The ciphers in "30 boxes cigars"and
" 20 boxes champagne "appear to have been made
by the same hand, at the same time. Obliterate
those ciphers and see how you destroy the beauty
of the order by leaving wide spaces. As it is, the
order presents a neat and business-like appear-
ance, though hurried.
There is one peculiarity which please notice.
The left margin, beginning with first figure and
ending with four presents a straight line, but not
perpendicular, but inclining regularly fron  the
right to the left. And that your imaginations may
not be taxed too severely, please observe the pho-
tographs made to correspond with Captain Joel's
oath and you will see the order which he swears
he wrote. Is there a man who believes hire* ? Is
it not more than ridiculous, more than absurd,
inconsistent with reason and truth? The whole
beauty and harmony is destroyed. The first five
figures in the right hand column incline some- .
what to the right. Then the next figure is com-
menced a half inch to the left and a wide space
left between it and the B. The next line, which
he acknowledged he wrote, is written properly.
In the next there is a wide space between the
2 and B. The margin from 3 down is regular
and in harmony and inclines from the right to
the left, and it requires the veiy figures as they
appear in the order as it now is to place the
margin in that harmony which we observe in the
original order, and which alone is consistent
with the evident business qualifications and neat-
ness of this quartermaster. Captain Joel was the
quartermaster, a business man, and such an order
as he represents himself to have made is su-
premely ridiculous, and every candid man must
say he hasattempted to prove too much. If they
had relied only upon the voids "each" and
" canned fruits" they might have induced some
to doubt. As it is, it is evident they have been
caught in their own net. Even Michael Powers,
the agent who made the purchase, could not
swear to anything definite; all that he seemed to
know was that the order had been for a smaller
amount,and that " each"hadbeen inserted. He
could not point out where one figure had been
added; he would not swear he made the altera-
tions; ho would not criminate himself.
Look at the photograph of the order, omitting
the alleged foigeiius which makes it as Captain
Joel swore he wrote it, am! ask yourself why is
