1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29S9
Strouse,Stuart,Sweat, Thomas,Tracy, Van Valkenburgh,
Wadsworth, Wi-b.-t<n, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. Wiiti-*, Wilder, Wmdom, Fernando
Wood, and Woodbndne—(j7.
NOT VOTING — Mi-^rs. Arnold, {Miss, William G.
Brown. Chanluii Clay, fleiny Winter Davis, iteming, Du-
niont, Gt niiK'il, Hall, B'-nj.iijun G. f jam?-, Iloopri. .Julian,
Ka—on, hmlpjohn, Long, MeAHi^r, McBude, McClurg,
lMchubv, Kinney, Middleton, Leonard Mvcr*, Nelson,
Noble, Pertv, I'otneioy, Piuyn, William II. Randall, Ed-
want fl. Ilolliiit-, James S. .Rollins, Smitb. Starr, Stebbins,
Vooihees, War{],Eli!iu B. WaMiburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Wiufteld, Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—41.
So the enacting clause of the bill was stricken
out.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MORRILL said: I desire to ask for inform-
ation whether if the House should vote not to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill the bill
would be open to amendment when its consider-
ation should be resumed in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER- It would be.
Mr. HOLMAN. Could points of order be
made on the bill?
The SPEAKER. A point of order can be made
on amendments in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, but not on the bill itself.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the enacting clause of the bill was stricken
out; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WILSON withdrew his motion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the enacting clause
was stricken out.
Mr. UPSON moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the tabic.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeasandnays.
The ye-is and nay.s were ordered.
Mt. FENTON. Has the hour arrived for the
consideration of the special order?
The SPEAKER. It lias not.
The question was taken; and it was dccidedin
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 49, not voting 47;
as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Anderson, Ar-
nold, A-diley. John D. Baldwin, Bc-amau, Blair, Bouiwell,
Boyd, Brooks, Brooinall, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cobb, Cofiroih, Cox, Cre^weM, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson,
Donnellv. Dnggja, Eeklry, Eden, Edjjeiton, Eldridgc, En§-
lb-li, Fciinr>woitl)5 Frank, Gannon. Gaiftdd, Gooch, Hard-
in?, Hariinqton, Charles M. Darns, Jlerrifk, Hnihy, Hoi-
man, Uotchki'ss. Acahei W. Ifubbaid, John H. llubb.rd,
Hut'.'bins, I'hihj) J onn-on. Will nun Johnson. J ulian, Kaib-
fleis>ch, Oihmdo Kclloirg, Ivintr, Knapp, Lazeat, Lc Blond,
L<<an, Lonjzjeat-j Marev, McDowell, Mclndoe, Samuel F.
Miller, Moorlu-ad, Daniel Morns, James It. Monis, Morii-
son. Udell. John O'Neill, Pike, Prujn, Radtoul. John H.
Jin r, Robinson, Rolens. Sseott, Sloan, Samhers, Spalding,
Ptarr, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, fc?trou-<e.
Stuart, Thayer, Tracy, Up^on, Joseph W. White, Wil-
liams, and U'llaon— So.
NAYcS—Mesfif. Albion, Anr-ona, Bally, Augustus C.
I ald\vui Baxter, Blaine. Blow, James S. Biosvn, Ciianlei,
Coir, Iteni^on, Dixon, Ehot, Fenton, Finch, Grulei. Gris-
wokj, llulbuid, Junekt's, K-jil^v, Law. LiUlojohn, Mallory,
Marvin, McBndo, MrClmg. Alotult. i>onaid Myers, Nor-
ton, Chaiies O'Neill. Oi tlh Patterson, Pendleton, Perham,
Alexander fl. Ricf-.' Ross, Sdiunck, Scoilcld, Shannon,
Thomas, Van Valloinbineb, Wad^worth, Web-f-r, Whn-
loy Wheeler. Wilder, Windom, Fernando Wood, and
Woodbudpo—49.
NUT VOTING—Miosis. Jamus C. \llen, Ames, Bliss,
VYiHiam G. Brown. Fieenun Choke Clay. Ciavcii0. Henry
Wintei Davis, Dawes. Dealing, DumoiU, Grinnell, Hale,
Hall, Benjamin G. Ham*, Hoopei, lnuer^oli,Ka«son. Fian-
eis \V. Kelloui;, Kin nan. Long. McAllister, McKinney,
Middlnton, William 11. Miliei. Anio^ eis, Nelr-on. No-
ble. Pi-uv, I'outeroy, Pno«', ^amuei J. Rar,dall, Will.am
TJ. Randall, Edwatd II. Rollins, Janie* S Rolling iSnntb,
St<blun-=, s?teven<?, ^vwt, Voorh«'e«, Ward. FJ'.lm B
Washlmuie. William B. \Va?hlmin, Chilton A. White.
Wmlii'ld, Bi-njatnui Wood, and Yeaman—47.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
The SPEAKER slated that the fust, business
in 0)tler was the special order, being Senate joint
resolution No. 16, piuposing amendments to :he
Constitution of the United Stati k, on which the
gentleman front California [Mr. Higbt] w'at, en-
titled to tlie floor. -
Mr. PRUYN. By an arrangement with the
gentleman from Caitiornia lie has agreed to let
we precede him.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment. It is the understanding that
this day shall be devoted to the discussion of this
joint resolution, and that it shall continue to-raor-
row until four o'clock, when the vote is to be
taken. In order to afford all gentlemen an op-
portunity of being heard who desire to be heard,
I move that we shall to-day take a recess from
five o'clock untii half past seven, in order to have
a night session for debate only.
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that to-morrow or the
next day a recess be taken for the purpose of con-
sidering the Pacific railroad bill during the even-
ing session, so that it will not interfere with the
day business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
would require unanimous consent to set apart to-
morrow evening for the consideration of the Pa-
cific railroad proposition, but if the House shall
take a recess to-morrow the first business at the
evening session will be that of the morning hour,
and the Pacific railroad bill will be the first ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that, until otherwise
ordered, the House shall take a recess from half
post four o'clock to half past seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. HOLMAN. That does notinclude to-day,
as we have agreed to take a recess at five o'olock.
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose these night ses-
sions for the transaction of business.
The SPEAKER. The session this evening
has been set apart for debate.
There was no objection, and Mr. Stevens's
motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to recommit to the
Committee of Ways and Means the civil and
miscellaneous appropriation bill, with the view,
I am frank to say, of taking the vote of the
House as instructions to that committee to strike
out everything not provided for by law.
There was no objection, and it was agreed to
accordingly.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Hickey, its Chief Clerk,notifying the House that
that body had passed bills of the following titles
without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 486) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide a temporary government
for the Territory of Idaho," approved March 3,
1863; and
An act (H. R. No. 504) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to sell the marine hospital
at Chicago, Illinois, and to purchase a new site
and buiitt a new hospital.
And the following with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act (H. R. No. 450) to provide for the re-
pair and preservation of certain public works of
the United States.
Also, that it had passed a joint resolution and
bill of the following titles, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House:
A joint resolution (S. No. 64) to amend ail act
entiiii'd " An act extending the time for the com-
pletion of the Mmquette and Ontonagon lailroad
of the State of Michigan; and ,
An act (S. No. 306) to grant to the State of
Culifoi ma certain lands for State piison purposes. •
Also, that it had agreed to the repoit of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes-
of the two Houses on bill ot the House No. 40,
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th June, 1865.
ABOLITION 01' SLAVERY—AGAIN.
Mr. HIGBY. I call for the regular order of
business, and I yield to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Pbutn.]
Mr. PllUYN. For the first time m oui his-
tory it is now pioposed to maKe a change m the
Constitution wliich, if eileeted, wdl mtertere with
the reserved rights of the States. '1 his question
is ptcsented in the midst of a great struggle w Inch
demands all the power and energies and thought
of the country, and when a large number of fne
States, and those most deeply to be affected by
the contemplated change, are not represented in
either House of Congress. It has been one of
the great drawbacks under which the country has
labored in its present troubles that the time and
attention of the Administration and its 'friends
have been so largely devoted to questions of social
reform in the condition of the slave populatiohof
the South, alienating thereby the "friends of the
Union in those States and embarrassing their re-
turn to their allegiance, while they should'have
devoted theirenergies to thegreat work and duty '
before them, leaving other questions until the re-
bellion should have been suppressed. Had this
latter course been thoroughly and faithfully pur-
sued and a sincere respect exhibited for the spirit
of the Constitution and the rights of the States,
the contest would, in my judgment, long since
have ended. Those who are to write the history
of the present time will look back with astonish-
ment at the course of an Administration which,
while ostensibly engaged in putting down the re-
bellion, did so much to keep it alive, and, while
calling on the people of the South to return to
their allegiance, did so much to drive them still
further into resistance. These thoughts properly
lead to a consideration of the expediency of the
measure before us. That this is not the time to
act upon it, and that it is inexpedient now to con-
sider it, has been well shown in the very clear re-
marks ofmy colleague, [Mr. Herrick,] and others
no doubt will add to what he has said. I will,
however, entirely pass by this part of the sub-
ject, and with it all consideration of the slavery
question, wishing only to present very briefly
some remarks as to the power of Congress to take
the action now proposed, and to show that we have
no right to initiate the measure under considera-
tion.
At the time of the adoption of the Constitution
of the United States the several States were in-
dependent sovereignties, each claiming and exer-
cising the full attributes of sovereignty under
constitutions or forms of government which they
had respectively established or recognized. The
Constitution was a grant of power by these sover-
eignties, each acting for itself severally, as ap-
pears by the express terms of the instrument, and
each retaining every attribute and power not thus
granted, and that this might not rest on implica-
tion only, however clear and strong, it was so ex-
pressly declared by one of the amendments to
the Constitution, insisted upon by some of the
States at the time of its adoption, and forthwith
assented to by the others. The reserved rights
of the States, as they are often called—more prop-
erly their inherent original rights of sovereignty
not; granted under the Constitution to the com-
mon Government thereby established—it will thus
be seen are ill no manner impaired or affected by
that instrument, but belong to and remain with
the States respectively as fully and entirely as if
it did not exist.
I admit that the Constitution should be liberally
construed for the purposes for which it was estab-
lished, but I deny that it can be constructively
enlarged, or that under the pretense of amending
it, we can go outside of the terms and of the spirit
of the grant, and draw within its grasp subjects
with which ltdoes not deal,and which have been
expressly declared to be beyond its reach. This
is not the legitimate meaning of the power to
amend; such a power would be one to originate—
to create—to establish. The right remained with
the States severally to regulate their internal
affairs each in its own way, and according to its
own views of right and duty. The relations of
parent and child, of master anil servant; the law
of marriage; the mode of alienating property;
the law ot descent; m short, almost all that con-
cerned the social relations, and the evcry-day life
and pursuits of the great body of the people, were
left to be regulated by each State as it chose.
The States were not asked to give up these rights,
and they were not in any way yielded, and from
the histoiy of the times there can be no doubt
ihat had it been proposed to give tins large class
of powers to the General Govermne.nt the Con-
stitution would never have been adopted.
Let us suppose that it had been distinctly de-
clared by the Constitution, as adapted by the Con-
vention which formed it, that the powers temain-
mg in and not granted by the States respectively
