=2940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
might at any time be delegated or transferred to
. the General Government, under the section au-.
thorizmg amendments. Had this been done, no
candid man who has studied our political history,
or who is familiar with the debates in the State
conventions which adopted the Constitution, will
- hesitate to say that it would never have received
: the sanction of the number of States required to
- putitintooperation. Or bad it been proposed to
add to the amendment declaring the powers not
granted to the United States to be reserved to the
States, a proviso that this should not interfere with
the right of "the General Government to absorb
any of those powers by future amendments, can
it be'believed that it would have been adopted?
The history of the times, and Che debates already
referred to, pronounce a most emphatic negative.
It may be said that the objection I make wouid
apply even if all the States shouldassent to a new
clause to be added to the Constitution. My an-
swer is that such an assent would be good not by
way of amendment, but as a new or further grant
of power.
Twelve amendments to the Constitution have
. been made, the first ten almost simultaneously
with its adoption. They are declaratory and re-
strictive, containing the great principles of the
BiH of Rights. Tin: eleventh and twelfth amend-
ments were adopted a few years subsequently.
The eleventh, as to the judicial powers, is also re-
strictive. The twelfth prescribes more definitely
than before the mode of casting the electoral vote
and of conducting the election for President and
Vice President under the provisions of the Con-
stitution. All these amendments, it will be ob-
served, are in substance declaratory and restrict-
ive, or regulate the exercise of powers already
granted, and do not enlarge the powers of the Gen-
eral Government. ' Since the last of them was
adopted sixty years have passed, during which
time the instrument has not been touched.
But, to return to the point I am considering:
Can three fourths of the States, under this power
to amend, overturn the institutions, subvert the
authority, and change the condition of the other
States? If so, the States might as well in the out-
set have surrendered all their sovereignty to the
General Government, and the amendment declar-
atory of their reserved rights was meaningless..
Is there any person who will venture to claim that
any State which adopted the Constitution placed
any such construction on this power to amend ?
1 find that the amendment affirming the reserved
rights of the States was adopted unanimously by
tho States which voted on it, and that in Massa-
chusetts it was proposed by John Hancock, pres-
ident of the State convention, warmly appioved
by Samuel Adams, and recommended for adop-
tion to the other States. (See Eliot's Debates.)
I am well aware, Mr. Speaker, that it is consid-
ered by the supporters of the present Adminis-
tration to be a great oflense to speak of the re-
served lights of the States, even in the light in
which those rights were formerly understood by
the people of the North of all political parties.
I learn that three Republican Senators have re-
cently ventuied to say a word for them m the
Senate Chamber. One of these is the venerable
Senator from Vermont, once at the head of the
Post Office JDepai tmcnt; another is one of tho
Senators fiom New Hampshire; and tho third
a Senator from Wisconsin. What will be done
by the Senate with these, I had almost said con-
tumacious members of their body, remains to be
seen. In my opinion they deserve credit for then-
boldness and fidelity to pnnciple. But if gentle-
men will read the debates winch took placc m (he
State conventions held to consider the question
of adopting the Fedeial Constitution, they will
learn how highly State institutions, Statu inter-
ests, and State rights were then prized even in
the northern States. My friends from Massachu-
setts especially would find that views were ad-
vanced m their State convention from winch most
of their statesmen of the present day have widely
departed. Let us look at this point somewhat
further.
Can Maryland and Delaware and New Jersey
(for this illustrates tKe principle) force upon
Pennsylvania an entire change of her domestic
policy and institutions? Can Vermont, Massa-
chusetts, and Connecticut compel New York to
submit to their domination over her internal
aifairs, and to lay down rights at their biddin
which she never agreed to surrender? If three
fourths of the States can take away rights now
clearly reserved to their associates, what is to
prevent the absorption of their territory by other
States? If one right can be taken away, several
can be—all can be. If one principle can be swept
away, all can be. Under such a doctrine States
may be annihilated and a monarchy built up.
These it may be said are extreme cases, but they
are legitimate results from the power to amend
now claimed. The right to amend is not a right
to extend and enlarge the powers granted under
the Constitution. It was only intended through
its instumientality to provide for the better and
more convementexercise of the powers expressly
granted, in case (Infects should be found to exist
in the practical woikmg of the system. The
amendment as to the manner of electing the Pres-
ident and Vice President illustrates this view.
To construe the Constitution as authorizing
thiee fourths of the States to impose upon the
residue terms and conditionsof Union not agreed
upon or assented to by them, would be a wide
departure from its spirit, and a monstrous usurp-
ation of power; and this it is which we are now
called upon to do; to take a fuiHhei step to alien-
ate the feelings of the South, and to embarrass
and impede their return to the Union. No matter
what the question may be, whether that of sla-
very ot of any other domestic institution or right
reserved to the States; so long as it is reserved,
Congress has no right to inteifere with it in any
way". Let us leave it as the fathers of the Re-
public left it, to each State to do what it believes
to be just and expedient in reference to its own
people and to its own institutions. Had this
course been pursued; had not the aggressive, un-
tiring spirit of abolitionism, which has brought so
much misery and wretchedness upon the negro
population of the South, been constantly at woik;
emancipation would have taken place in many of
the slave States years since,and the so-called po-
litical power of slavery would have disappeared
long before the opening of the rebellion. But a
spirit of intermeddling and of false philanthropy
has delayed this result and broughtevils upon our
country which no man living can expect to see
wholly removed.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, this
is a proposition to provide by an amendment to
the Constitution for the abolition of slavery with-
out compensation in all of the States in the
Union. It will be, if adopted, a change in the
fundamental law—a material aiteiation in the
Constitution of the United States as formed by
the founders of the Government. It is, theie-
fbie, a pioposition which involves considerations
and icfiections such as belong to the gravest ques-
tions which can come before the American peo-
ple for determination. It is whether we shall
alter the whole structure and theory of govern-
ment by changing the basis upon which it rests.
My first difficulty in assenting to the resolution
is that this is no time for any alteration in the
organic law. We are now in the midst of a fear-
ful civil war. The horrid din ot this conflict, the
gionns of the wounded and dying, the sad evi-
dences of death and destruction are all around
us. Until recently, even at the very doors of
this capital, the armed enemy has presented his
threatening hostility. The whole people of Amer-
ica ni e involved directly or indirectly m this dt cud-
ful conflict. Reason, judgment, and that cautious
investigation and comparison of interests, opin-
ions, and prejudices necessary to a proper ad-
justment of a nation's welfare have been ban-
ished by tho giavoi realities of war. This is
no tune to make or alter constitutions. Those
who are enveloped in the elemental strifes of the
tempest or the earthquake, and involved in the
runt thus creatcd, cannot judge of the cause or
measure the extent ot the calamity. So if is with
tho historical convulsions which have desolated
vast regions and swept myriads to pie grave.
The spectator who is himself in the midst of the
horrors of war has seldom the coolness to dis-
criminate and decide, with any reasonable degree
of accuracy, as to'the impelling cause of the
struggle. The passions of men, the excitements
of the contest, the temptations of ambition, av-
arice, and fear, all tend to blimHhe vision and
warp the judgments of the actors m the terrible
drama now being performed on this continent be-
fore the civilized world as spectators. Therefore,
in my opinion, this is no time to act upon the prop-
osition, no time to change the fundamental law.
Nations do not alter their forms of government
amid revolutions. We are now surrounded by
dangers from without and fronT within. The
people are in an unnatural excitement, u asm ted
to that calm deliberation which an alteration of
the Constitution requires. All our statesmanship,
love of country, efforts at union, consolidation,
and good-fellowship, should be devoted to a res-
toration of our fraternity and prosperity as a
people.
But if a change can be made, is this such a
one as should be made? It is sought through this
amendment to abolish at once and summarily the
system of domestic servitude existing in one third
of the States which came into the Union with the
Government and which have remained with it
until now. The effects of such a revulsion in such
an interest will be of the most wide-spread and
radical character. It will,.of course, add to the
existing sectional hostilities, and if possible make
the pending conflict yet more intense and deadly.
Mr. Speaker, I see many objections to tins
amendment, while I fail to find one reason in its
favor. I am opposed to it because it aims at the
introduction of a new element over which Gov-
ernment shall operate. It proposes to make the
social interests subjects for governmental action.
This is the introduction of a principle antagonist
to that which underlies all republican systems.
Our Union was made for the political government
of the parties to it, for certain specified objects of
a very general character, all of them political y and
none of them relating to or affecting in any man-
ner individual or personal interests m those things
which touch the domestic concerns. There is no
feature or principle of it giving to the Federal
power authority over them. These were leserved
and leftexelusively to the jurisdiction of tho States
and u the people thereof.** Of this characterare
the marital relations, therehgious beliefs, the right
of eminent domain within the territorial limits of
the States, other private property, and all matters
purely social. Slavery where it exists is a sys-
tem of domestic labor; it is not the cieatuie of
law. It existed without law before this Govern-
ment was established. It is incorporated into the
organization of society as part of the existing do-
mestic regulations. It cannot be brought within
constitutional jurisdiction any more than can any
or either of the other private and personal interests
referred to.
Again, sir, the proposed amendmentto abolish
slavery in the States of the Union is unjust in
itself, a breach of good faith, and utterly iriecon-
cilablewith expediency. Itisunjust because it in-
volves a tyrannical destruction of individual prop-
erty under the plea of a legitimate^exercise of the
functions of Government. It is in theory the idea
which has been derived from despotism and the
notions of feudal powers that Governments are
omnipotent, and draw within their sphere all that
belongs to the individual, even the liberty of
thought, speech, and conscience. This is an im-
pious dogma of the past which should be repudi-
ated, as opposed to the fundamental aims and
ends of the Constitution of our Government. The
essence of a constitution is protection of individual
rights, and in popular Governments to resti win the
power of majorities and secure the rights of mi-
norities. Hence it has been tiuthfuSiy said that
the best Government is that which governs least.
1 characterize all pure, unmixed, and uncondi-
tional Governments, whether dependent on the
will of one, few, or many, as alike repugnant to
sound reason, to justice, and to the interests and
happiness of mankind. Modern Turkey, medi-
aeval Venice, and ancient Athens, are examples
ahke of euoi in theory and injustice in practice,
and wanting in the necessary conditions to sec/ire
pennanent success and prosperity. I should be
j sorty to see our system degenerate into cither the
j despotism of monarchy or the despotism of ma-
j joritios, and 1 therefore oppose the very first step
toward removing the wholesome checks imposed
by the constitutional compact. I am well aware
in stating this that constitutions are limitations
self-imposed by the popular will, and that the sov-
ereign power is competent to change them so as
to make them better subserve the gteat ends of
civil order and the welfare of the geneial mass.
Like all other institutions, Governments are mads
for man, and contrived for his benefit; they con.-
