#88-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 8,
in the lusty turmoil of our great commotions—
and democracy means numbers, and numbers gov-
ern from the center outward, and not jug-handle-
wise from any remote source. Thus we see, and
tlie fact is significant, in the vast impulses given
to, freedom policies, war policies, and national
policies in the great basin of theMississippi, with
its fifteen millions of population, new illustration
of the democratic force and faith of the people.
Go forward furthermore, make dense that popu-
lation, intensify the life of the recovered States,
enumerate fifty million rather than fifteen million,
and" consider of the result. Power there, gov-
ernment there, democratic organism there, repos-
ing on rural and industrial masses, willabjure the
monarcljiesofspecialintereststhathavesataround
the edges clutching at control, and coerce the Re-
public into healthy action throughout.
Originating thus,thisnewdevelopmentof a na-
tional unity will require no after-molding to make
it representative in its promptings. It will be a
form of organized popular thought that will dic-
tate to Cabinets and Administrations other poli-
cies than those of this hour; that will look out-
ward as well as inward, and if it accept its mis-
sion of a continental republic will be prompt to
recognize the antagonisms erecting beyond and
around us, no less than the incongruities abolish-
ing within our present confines. Be sure it will
prove no respecter of a diplomatic connection that
looks ever backward and never forward; that mul-
tiplies its embassadors and its plenipotentiaries,
tailed out a hundred-fold by suites and attaches,
and numberless commercial agents, to connect a
shipping interest with twenty million artisans of
Europe; but apologizes through a couple of min-
isters and half a dozen consuls for its failure to
unite our vast production and manufacture with
the three hundred million tnacbineless consum-
ers around the Pa«ific circle. Be sure likewise
it will not fail to note and resent the intrusion of
transatlantic monarchies to crush out a republic
in Mexico, seize on the islands of the Gulf, and
fortify a thousand miles of sea-coast threatening
the line of our interoceanic communication.
France, Spain, England, a triple alliance, eager
and watchful for the death of discordant belliger-
ent States, will have to confront for their conquests
n nation rising as a phoenix, writing Freedom on
its flag, and fraternizing with liberty in all lands.
And with equal if not stillgreater scrutiny will
the new-born aspiration for national life look with-
in to shape the expression and the correlations on
which its future must repose. The fact (hat we
have never been a nation heretofore, that 111 three
quarters of a century we have achieved no indi-
. viduality, that our civilization has been insignifi-
cant and transient and barren, only sharpens the
zest for a future of enduring accomplishment.
That such a future cannot be predicated on dis-
tinctions of race, on subordination of classes, oil
the accidents of lineage or tongue or clime, neither
upon enslavement in any name of wealth or caste
or condition—all this is certain, for it has been
tried and failed; has once been inoculated into
the system 10 cure our social disease, but instead
of healing has run into this pun-id eruption that
threatens us with anarchic death. That new life
must be founded on assimilations, not antago-
nisms, on an ingrown unity, not irreconcilable
contradiction. The lowly must be exalted, the
depressed raised up, the ignorant educated, the
slave freed, the chattel humanized, and a demo-
cratic equality before the law obtain for all men.
The people must have fraternity as well as solidar-
ity; each must be a multiple of the whole. Just
now amalgamation is the ghost in grave-clothes
that walks to terrify and affright, as if the very
nation were not already an amalgam of all peo-
ples, as if for generations heretofore there had not
been this same dwelling together side by side that
is to be hereafter. Slavery feared notamalgama-
tion; shall freedom then be a greater coward?
Neither skins, nor colors, nor castes can determ-
ine here. The body-politic that shall sustain
such nationality as ours is foreordained to be must
furthermore absorb all increments as they come,
and not require an anaconda torpor of five or seven
or twenty years to determine the natural rights
of man, his right to be one in any aggregate of
many. All such limitation on citizenship will
pass away under attrition of growth. The open
door of the Republic will invite the oppressed of
every land to seek asylum and enter upon the en-
joyment of liberty. Impartial justice will stand
ready to succor and to aid all who shall appeal
from wrong or violence or intimidation. And
that grand future of democratic unity will arrive
when our people of all lineage and every type
shall meet on the piano of equal rights to attest a
nationality that will stand out a waymark to the
centuries.
HI. The third and completing symbol of the
outcome of these times will be found to indicate
the instauration here of Christian Government,
founded upon, indwelling with, and springing out
of the divine justices—Government recognizing
that in the affairs of nations, as in those of indi-
viduals, there is one equality that comes of the
equality of creation, there is one right, avenger
on compromises, which is the supreme right, there
isonelaw, which musteverbe,asiteverhas been,
a higher law. And they are to become practice,
not merely theory. These are earnest 'days in
the life-experiences ofour people, and in this Sen-
ate, as abroad throughout the land, the most im-
portant fact around and about you is not always
your law of yesterday, or your tax of to-mor-
row, or your conscription of the month hence; it
is not the vote here, or the battle yonder; but it
is the spirit of this nation that upholds these
things, and out of which they flow—the spirit that
buoys you, Senators, into this upper air, and
without which,or false to which, you willisinkas
empty, collapsed bladders. It is 111 obedience to
such recognition that now you hasten to do that
which but lately you refused to do, nay, declared
by resolution just repealed that you never would
do. These are earnest days, let me repeat it, out
of which are coming convictions that will not bear
to be trilled with; and as it has become an ac-
cepted faith, the idea of nationality, that our being
and the being of the nation are one and insepa-
rable for good and for evil, so it will further tip-
pear that the existence on which we are entering
as a great people is 110 half life, made up only of
the vicissitudes of protection and the exaction of
revenues, but must be blended in with those deeper
feelings and outlooks and coworkings that en-
noble and make sublime communities of men and
that entwine enduring hopes with cheering duties.
Nor is this simply affirmation, unsupported by
substantial experiences of history. On the con-
trary, it is the very epitome of what is memora-
ble and held in veneration out of all annals. Never
yet at any time have the ampliations of a whole
people after enlarged liberties been dissociate from
the yearning for a more clear affinity between
God and Government. And can any fail to see
the clear evidence of the same gleamings along
our horizon? The voices uow that are touched
with truest eloquence are they that have come up
out of tribulation for conscience'sake in the past.
From the pulpit, as in all periods of unrest, pro-
ceed the foremost words of guidance—from the
pulpit that preaches politics, as some have it; that
preaches rather our God-wrought relations to fel-
low-men equally with those to a future state, as
others more clearly interpret. Those grand old
mother words of justice and truth and brother-
hood begin to have meaning anew, kindled up in
them by"the light that is breaking out around.
The nation is putting on its Puritanism. Thanks-
givings appoint themselves unitedly. Days of
supplication are become somewhat more than hol-
idays. The bowing down has ceased to be a mock-
ery in the presence of the multitudinous remem-
bered dead; and even they who heretofore have
been accounted most indifferent begin to hold to
a realizing conviction that God does direct the
affairs of nations by Hisspccial providences. The
scoffers have had theirgeneration,and we are re-
turned upon a period of faith. These things are
plain before us, to be seen of all. Have they,
then, 110 significance? Do they point to no new
time? Are they to be swallowed up in reactions
as godless as the past in our Government? Will
; the endurances through which we have passed
I leave no moral impress? Is there to be no higher
I record of the deliverances from great perils than
t that of the statute-book? Can it be possible that
| the deep movingof thespiritof this people which
j has accomplished so much of work and worship
1 shall take no permanent form that may transmit
1 it to posterity? No! it cannot be thus; it never
has been thus. It will not be in vain that we have
learned so many lessons of humiliation as well as
experienced so many signal mercies. The scarlet
sins of the past stand revealed and abashed. Is
it presumptuous pharisaical vanity of race—how
has it been cast down in the necessity of resort to
the armed intervention of another and mucn dis-
credited race to assist in final suppression of the
rebellion! Is it pride of civilization—how has
it been at fault in the presence of so great perils
and the appeal for solution to the barbarisms of
force, the coarsest methods of untutored nature.
Is it reliance upon complex machinery of Govern-
ment, the balances of political science, the trick
of names and forms-—how brief has been the de-
lusion,and how complete the undeceiving,show-
ing that all votings and ballotings and ailiustings
of powers and solemn constitution-making will
never neutralize a received falsehood or equalize
the scale of right and wrong! Turn where you
will, the lesson is the same, that it is not in de-
parture from but in conformity to divine precept
ihat a nation will find its prosperity; that there
is a law of retribution for the sin of a people as
of a person, and that it is only by cleaving to the
right at every sacrifice that any hope of a broad,
enduring unity can be justified.
It wasa declaration that led L>p to much thought
and was significantof much which has since trans-
pired, that this nation could not endure half free
and half slave, that one or the other would be su-
preme. But it is a truth of far deeper significance
that this nation will not long survive as such with
110 God anywhere in its Constitution, with policies
shamelessly substituted forduties,and withaGov-
ernment the antithesis rather than the exponent
of any aspiration of the people for higherdevelop-
rnent as a free Christian State. The end of such
conjunctions mustbedesolatinganarchy,and will
be fatal to all respect for authority. What other
is the meaning of that strange and stupendous de-
moralization which has characterized the admin-
istration of public affairs in these United States
as the result of three quarters of a century of
growth ? Without doubt ours has been for many
years the worst governed community on the face
of the globe, in all aspects of official conduct.
Fraud and peculation and neglect and wasteland
indulgence and nepotism and intrigue and time-
serving, and all the calendar of crimes, do our gov-
erning. Towns and cities and States, with mul-
tiplied charters and checks, have all taken the
same character, fallen to a large extent under sinis-
ter control, become asylums of corruptions, are a
jeer and a by word of repioach. Names of police-
man,alderman, Congressman bearastain. When
quit of his vocation the curious ask, " Is he hon-
est?" Politics have become afilthy pool,in whose
waters the good and brave shrink to be immersed.
And this in its entirety is the result of a practical
atlteismin government. The ignoring of any moral
responsibility in the State entails the absence of
any practical morality in its administration. What
other could be the outcome of such national apos-
tasy than the national demoralization upon which
we have fallen? And from whence are we to ex-
pect any reform ? Be sure it will not be from con-
tinuance in such courses. Half a century more
of like degeneration and what of good is left in
the land will revolt from such dominion, preferring
death to abject disgrace. Human nature cannot
stand it. This, then, is the momentous question of
our people in the present hour, and how best to re-
turn to other ideas of government, and other bases
of public administration, challenges all their fore-
thought and endeavor, all their humility and en-
treaty. And it is because the evil lies deeper than
nienoroffic.es that it demands such inquest. Itis
not only that pure men shall be putin office, or that
there be pure offices to put them in; but the con-
trolling thought over men and offices must be of
that purity which recognizes a tribunal before
which no deceit prospereth. Indeed there is no
refuge for any nation out of such a low estate but
in Despotism to constrain probity, or Christianity
to inspire purity; and for democracy, such as
ours, where the rule is with the many, the latter
is the only safety. And how true in this, as in
all things else, is the instinct of peoples; how
cleaily does the great heart of the multitudes in
this day of revolution recognize such dependence,
and how sternly is it putting on the armor of
Faith for the conflict with corruption, and bow-
ing down before God to search out conformity to
His eternal laws! The many are not blinded, but
clearly see irrepressible conflict between a nation
to be saved and a Government to be damned. Not
