1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
form to the errors and frailties of his nature, and
are affected by the ignorances and vices of the
times to which they belong. In this enlightened
era, and in a land like ours, separated from the
influence of ages of barbarism and wars, I shud-
der at the prospect of going back to any of the
exploded forms of arbitrary power, I desire to
stand by the traditions of our fathers, and above
all to the legacy of that sound and beneficent form
of Government which they have given us in the
Constitution.
I hold thata good Governments bound to pro-
tect the individual in the enjoyment of life and
liberty, and in .the exercise of his faculties for
labor, physical and mental, in the acquisition and
preservation of property. It may be destructive,
but it should be conservative in these respects.
This proposition strikes at property, and it is
justified on Ihe doctrine of the wild and erratic
though subtle and powerful thinker who pro-
claimed that all property is founded on robbery..
Property, Mr. Speaker, is the stimulus to indus-
try and the foundation of improvement and civil-
ization. Ail that is valuable or valued belongs
to the grand total of public or private wealth, the
material products of nature, the field, the mine,
and the water, with all their teeming variety of
what is useful or necessary; the powers of mind,
the stores of knowledge, the genius of the inventor,
the harmony of the poet, and last and greatest,
virtue itself, the priceless treasure of the soul,
all that can be wished and hoped for, are embraced
in the idea of property. The social and domestic
relations are equally matters of individual owner-
ship with flocks and herds, houses and lands.
The affections of a man's wife and children are
among the dearest of his possessions, and as such
are under the protection of the law. The domestic
institution of slavery is one of these relations,
and was recognized m the States of this Confed-
eration as a species of proprietary interest. The
Constitution describes slaves,and I suppose chil-
dren and appientices might come under the same
class as persons bound to service.
I insist that no vmdictory laws can be passed
either depriving individuals of anything which
can be denominated as property or infringing ex-
isting social relations as tlie punishment of the
offenses either of men or communities. Neither
Congress nor the assent of the States requisite to
incoipoiate a new article or amendment into the
Constitution can do so justly, under any pretense,
when the object is to appropriate private property
without due compensation, or confiscate it with-
out the formality of trial and condemnation.
Within the scope and reason of the Constitution
any amendment to it would be legitimate when
ratified by the required three fourths of the States;
but for those three fourths to attempt a revolu-
tion in social or religious rights by seizing on
what was never intended to be delegated by any
of the parties to the compact, would be a prodigy
of injustice carried out under the forms of law, a
wrong more fatally so because made by the very
highest authority. If an amendment were now
proposed to the Constitution declaring an estab-
lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exer-
cise of it by the citizen, it would be parallel with
the present and no more obnoxious than this is
to merited condemnation. The States, sovereign
as { claim that they are and continue to be,could
not have delegated what they did not themselves
possess, that is, to destroy orappropi late individ-
ual rights without compensation, in all the acts
of emancipation heretofore passed the tacit con-
sent of the citizcns affected accompanied the pas-
sage of the statute. A species of property which
has ceased to be profitable is usually surrendered
without protest or opposition. Men are not dis-
posed to cavii at the exercise of a power ab-
stractly arbitrary, which rids them of a relation
which is onerous or inconvenient. Such was
slavery m the States where it has been abolished.
But where it is one of the mam sources of the
prosperity of the community it will be regarded
very differently.
This proposed alteration of the Constitution is
therefore beyond the power of the Government,
but the nect ssary consequences of it are revolt-
ms,\y so. It involves the extermination of the
white men of the southern States, and the for-
feiture of all the land and other property belong-
ing to them. Negroes and military colonists will
take the place of the race thus blotted out of ex-
istence. Is this intended as the last scene of the
bloody diama of cat nage and civil war now being
prosecuted? The world looks on with horror,
and it will leave to future ages a fearful warning
to avoid similar acts of perfidious atrocity.
But, sir, the, most important aspect of this ques-
tion is whether it is not a violation of the plighted
faith of the States who shall aid in foisting this
amendment in to the Constitution. That the States
in establishing the Constitution performed it as a
federal act has been shown in the Federalist by
an argument as indisputable as any mathematical
demonstration. Mr. Madison says on this subject:
"Each State in ratifying the Constitution is considered
as a sovereign body independent of all others, and only to
be bound by it§ own voluntary act. In this relation, then,
the new Constitution will, if established, be a federal and
not a national Constitution."
It is true that the common Government which
resulted presents national characteristics, espe-
cially in this respect, that its operation is exerted
immediately upon citizens within the scope of the
powers delegated to it in their individual capaci-
ties. The Slate sovereignties were by no means
quenched by the act of federation, but by it cer-
tain functions were delegated by the sovereign
power in each State to a common depository, to
be used in certain cases, and to be exercised over
the citizens respectively of each and every State
by virtue of the sovereignty of their several States.
The obligation, however, of the citizen of the State
of New York to obey the Federal laws or au-
thorities results from the powers imparted to the
Federal Legislature or Executive by the act of
New York, and derives no additional strength from
otherStates entering into the Union. The citizen
is bound to obey the Constitution and laws of the
United States, because his State is a party to the
Federal compact, and for no other reason. The
' State has delegated a portion of her authority (not
of her sovereignty, which is, in its very nature,
indivisible as that of individual personality) to a
common agency, who may thus within the scope
of such procuration require obedience to its re-
quirements. The Government of the Union lias
this extent and no more, and allegiance, loyalty,
and nationality are the new-fangled catch-words
of the exploded dogmas of the old Federal party.
Allegiance is due to the law, and derives lis sanc-
tion from the sovereignty ot eacli individual State.
The Democratic party has always maintained
the doctrine that the Constitution was a compact
from the times of Jeffoison,and has for more than
sixty years declared this as the foundation of its
political faith. It is laid down most distinctly
in the Kentucky and Virginia resolutions, the
corner-stone of Democracy—
"That the several .States composing the United States
of Amenca aie not united on ihe pi uiciples of unlimited
submission to the General Government, hut ui.tr by ouui-
imcC, amlei the ic and title ol a Constitution for the
United States ami of amendments thereto, they constituted
! aGeneial Government lor special purposes, delegated to
I that Government eeuaitl definitive poivers, leservuig each
State to itseU the residuaiy muss ol n<jht to theirown bell-
goveinment, and that whensoever the Genet al Government
attunes undelegated powers ils acts arc unauthoritative,
void, and of no loice ; that to this compact each State ac-
ceded as a State, find is an integral patty; that tlu*  Gov-
ernment, eieated by this compact, w<w not made the ex-
clusive or final judge of the extent of the powets delegated
to it-elf, since that would have made its discretion, and
not the Constitution, the measure of us powers ; but that,
■ as in all other cases of compact among parties having no
; common judge, each paitj ha> an t qual i.ght to judge for
' it-'oH. a-s well of infraction!! as ot the mode and measuies
of ledietiS.-"'
Such is the language of Mr. Jefferson in the
Kentucky resolutions. In the Virginia resolu-
tions, the author of which was Mr. Madison, 4
is declared—
u That m ca^e of a deliberate, paiyible, and dangerous
exeici e of o'liot pow ers not granted by the caid compact,
the State* who are parties thereto have me light, and are_
in dim hound, to itit«ipo,e, for ai«-p>tmg the psogress of
the evil, and lor m.uuumiiig within their respective limits
the authoutiee, and liheitiLS appeitaimng to them. '
Daniel Webster emphatically recognized this
character of a compact in
the Constitution when
he stated that   if the northern btales refuse will-
fully anil deliberately to carry into effect that pan.
of the Constitution which respects the restoration
offugitive slaves, and Congress provide no leme-
dv, the South would no lonser be bound to observe
the compact." Nay, the dominant party in this
House, acti.no; on the tame theory ot a baigain
broken on the part of the South by secession, and
considering themselves thereby absolved from the
constitutional obligation to return fugitive slaves,
have just passed a bill to repeal the fugitive slave'
law. It must be taken asconceded that the Con-
stitution is a compact and covenant. Now, the
very nature of a compact requires that ther.e shall
be contracting parties, and mutual obligations and
considerations. The States and the people of
those States in their sovereign capacity are the
parties, and must be held answerable for any
iireach of good faith in not observing the terms of
the contract, or in attempting to change them in
any particular which destroys or alters essential
ana material portions. There was an implied
and solemn understanding that the local and do-
mestic institutions of the States should not be at-
tempted to be interfered with in any manner so
as to be drawn within the sphere of Federal au-
thority. Does any one suppose that if it had been
imagined fora momentthat the rights of property
and the social relations of the citizens of the sev-
eral States could have been made the subject of
Federal legislation m any contingency that the
Constitution would have been ratified by any of
the States? The local jurisdiction over slavery
was one of the subjects peculiarly guarded and
guarantied to the States, and an amendment rati-.
fied by any number of States less than the whole,
though within the letter of the article which pro-
vides for amendments, would be contrary to the
spirit of the instrument, and so in reality an act
of gross bad faith.
The control over slavery, and the domestic and
social relations of the people of the respective
States, was not and never was intended to be del-
egated to the United States, and cannot now be •
delegated except by the consent of all the States.
Articles nine and ten of the Amendments to the
Constitution are conclusive on this point. These
articles are the general rules for th<i construction
and interpretation of the entire instrument. Pow-
ers already granted may be modified, enlarged,
or taken away by an amendment, but those which
are retained by the people, or reserved to them
or to the States, cannot be delegated to the United
States, except by the unanimous consent of all
the States. This is the only reasonable construc-
tion of those articles, in accordance with the plain
sense and meaning of the words. The entire sub-
ject of slavery in the States has been reserved by
thorn, and the right been retained by the people.
No power has been delegated to the Uniteu States
over this relation thus reserved to the legislative
power of the State, and which is thus retained by
the people, subject to such State power alone. It
stands precisely on the same footing as that of
eminent domain in the lespective States, a pre-
rogative of their inherent sovereignty, which can-
not be taken away by an act of other States. How
would an agreement between private parties be
construed and interpreted which should declare
that the articles of association might be modified
and altered by three fouiths of the number, and
then should declare that certain rights were re-
served to them individually? Would not, mani-
festly, the matters not delegated but reserved be
considered as excepted from the subjects which
were within the scope of the authority to alter or
modify ? Take the right of the States respectively
of eminent domain within their terntoiiai limits,
could this be taken away from the States and del-
egated to the United States by the consent of the
legislatures of three fourths of the States,after a
proposal made by two thirds of both Houses of
Congress? I maintain that article ten of the
Amendments is point-blank against such a sup-
position, and is equally repugnant to an invasion
of the right of the State alone to legislate on thS
subject of slavery. I insist further, that, as the
Stales themselves could not justly take away
property or destroy social relations without giv-
ing just compensation, this is not only not dele-
gated by the States, but is among the rights re-
tained by the people of the States where it exists,
and that if all the States should delegate this
power, K must, according to the rules of natural
equity, be connected with the condition of allow-
ing the masters a proper equivalent tor tne prop-
erty taken or destioycd.
This identical proposition was laid down in the
fourth resolution of the Chicago platform, once
deemed so sacred in the eyes of the President and
the gentlemen on the other side of the Uouse,
which asserts—
" That the maintenance inviolate of the lights of tlie
States, and especially the right of each Mate, to ouler and
