1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the Speaker, with powur to send for persons and paper*,
to investigate t! e charges made by lion. J. W. McOlukg,
of Missouri, against i'. Bl.uk, a member of the House
of' Representatives iium the f'u-t diatuet of Mii-aoui-i. of
violating the law& 111 the matter of art alleged hnuorspecu*
lation."
That was the resolution as introduced by Mr.
Blair. Then the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] rose and proposed an amendment
which was adopted, and was as follows: "audio
inquire into the genuineness or falsity of the al-
leged order for the purchase of liquor, dated June
3, 1863." That amendment was adopted, al-
* though the gentleman from Missouri who intro-
duced the original resolution objected to it, lost it
would limit him in the introduction of certain
testimony outside of the mere sustaining of his
denial of being engaged in that kind of business.
He wanted to introduce proof to sustain the
charges he made against certain Government offi-
cials for being engaged in the forging of that order.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] went
before the committee and insisted on introducing
proof to that point. This proof comprises more
than half of the evidcncc taken before the com-
mittee.
When the committee had gone to the length of
tolerating the introduction of that testimony and
deemed it to be legitimate under the resolution I,
for one, deemed it my duty to report whether
Government officials had or had not been engaged
in forging such orders. The people of the coun-
try, I knew, would be anxious and sensitive upon
that point—whether Government officials would
be tolerated in their places after committing such
criminal acts. That was the reason why I deemed
itmy duty toreportuponit. We'should notmake
ourselves such laughing stocks as to sit day after
day taking testimony and pay no attention to that
evidence in our report. It was for that reason
that I did assert as a member of that committee
in conclusion of the report my judgmentas to the
conclusions to be arrived at from the evidence in
the case as to the charges which the gentleman
from Missouri made which were criminal in their
nature. I did not deem it proper to refer to any
mere matter of imprudence or indiscretion. I
leave that matter to them in the settlementof their
local difficulties. But when charges are publicly
made against officers of the Government criminal
in their nature the people are anxious to know
something about them, especially when those
charges are under investigation, and 1 deemed it
my duty as a member of the committee to include
that matter in our report. But it seems I stood
alone in that.
Well, sir, the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Blair,] after being present at the taking of all
this testimony and after reading the report of the
•committee,saw fit on Saturday, when that report
was read, to rise in his place here and reiterate
the language used when he made his charges in
reference to Government officers. Fie did it in
the face of and against the proof in the case, and
he knew it when he asserted it. The proof shows
this beyond contradiction. The very witnesses
he called in reference to the matter proved who
was the man that did commit the forgery, and I
will not be mealy-mouthed about it. I do not
want to go aiound it, as a portion of the commit-
tee did. I wanted to assert directly in the report
that Michael Powers committed that forgery.
There was an nbundan'ce of proof distinctly and
directly to the fact that he was the man that al-
tered the order. 1 did not feel that there was any
delicacy m the matter when the man Poweiscame
before the committee, after three men had testi-
fied who had signed the paper and pointed out
the alteration made in it after it was signed. More
than that, the surveyor of the port (Mr. How-
ard) examined the paper betore the committee,
and'said that a certain word, the woid " each,
the word that has been spoken of so much here,
was, in his judgment, put m by Mr. Powers;
that he was familiarly acquainted with Mr. .Pow-
ers's handwriting, had otten seen him write,and
had an abundance of his handwriting m his pos-
session; and he stated under oath that, in his opin-
ion, Mr. Powers made the alteration which was
made in that order. More than that, we com-
pared the handwriting with that of other writing
of Powers's in his possession, and found thein to
bo similar. More than that, Mr. Powers him-
self, when brought before the committee, admit-
ted that the order passed into las hands Uiter it
had been signed by these parties. . And when
the question was put to him whether the order
was altered after it came into, his hands, he said
itwas. " Who made these alterations?" Well,
he does not like to answer that question if he can
get along without it.
Now, there is no lawyer in this House who has
been in the practice of the law for a term of years
who would hear a witness undertake to evade a
question in that way; and not say, "You are the
ciiminal!" First, the circumstantial proof was
directly to the point; and secondly, his own eva-
sion of that question and another similar one put
to him, left no doubt in the mind of any one that
he was the guilty person. For th£ae reasons I
wanted to insert in that report the fact that Mr.
Powers was the man who committed the forgery.
Now, sir, who was this man Powers? The
gentleman from Missouri has no right to rise and
say here, or anywhere else, that 1 have no right
to ask that question, because he introduced the
proof before the committee, and directed their in-
vestigations directly to this point; and it was
through the testimony thus introduced by him
that proof was brought before the committee that
Powers was the man who committed the forgery.
His mouth is therefore shut forever from any
complaint in this connection.
Now, sir, I repeat, who is this man Powers?
The gentleman from Missouri on'Saturday last
asserted that he was a Government agent—"one
of Chase's understrappers." He asserts when
he makes the charges m the first place that itwas
one of Chase's agents who committed the forgery.
Mr. Howard is called as a witness on the part of
Blair; and his evidence was directly to the point,
and cleared up the matter. He is called upon to
state, as surveyor of the port of St. Louis, in
what capacity this Mr. Powers was acting.
Mr. Powers, at the time of this transactional
the making of this order and the sending of these
liquors and other articles down the river, was
acting in no official capacity. He had been a
Treasury aid previous to that time. By whom
was Mr. Powers appointed when he had that
office of Treasury aid ? The question is asked
Mr. Howard. "I appointed him," said Mr.
Howard in answer. " By whom, Mr. Howard,
were you appointed to occupy the position you
do as surveyor of the port of St. Louis i-" He
replied " By Abraham Lincoln." If there were
a shadow of a possibility of that man Powers
acting as a Government official at that time, the
appointment came from Abiaham Lincoln and not
from Mr. Chase. But that would not suit the pur-
pose of the gentleman from Missouii, [Mr. Blair.]
There is not, however, the head of any Depart-
ment of the Government, from the President
down, who is not fully and completely exoner-
ated from the charge made by that man on Sat-
urday last. And I am only astonished a man
who occupied the position that he here did as a
member of this House, a Representative of the
people—of one hundred thousand and more if his
district be full—1 am astonished, sir, that a man
occupying such a position should get up here and
make such a baref'accd statement in defiance of
the testimony taken in the case.
As I said before, I would have preferred not to
have said a word. 1 would have been glad to
have called the previous question at the outset.
1 did move that the repoit should be laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed; and if it had
not been for the importunity all around me 1 would
not have withdiawn that motion. 1 believed that
we had had already enough of discussion on the
subject. I would not have said a word if the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] had not
made charges entiiely unwarrantable by the testi-
mony taken in this case.
I now close by stating in reference to the evi-
dence that members may refer to it conveniently.
I refer them to the testimony, so far as the re-
port is concerned, of Captain Joel, Franklin, the
surgeon, and one other, whose name ldo not re-
member; to the testimony of Mr. Howard, sur-
veyor of the*port of St. Louis, and also to the
testimony of Mr. Powers. I think then that they
will find no difficulty in coming to the same con-
clusion that the committee did. i think when
they examine the testimony of Mr. Powers they
will find that the conclusion of the report made
by the chairman is entirely sustained; that the
chaige of criminality against any Government
officer is not sustained in .the leastv If the testi-
mony had been printed I would have had if read
from the Clerk's desk; but as it is in manuscript-,
and would have oceii pied a great deal more time, I
have not seen lit to do so, • ■ •'*"
With these remarks I close, and -nwdeiftaBd
the previous question..
Mr. CLAY. . 1 ask my colleague to yield io
(pe to sibnait some remarks-. * *<
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw the demand .for the
previous question for that purpose.
Mr. CLAY. . Mc. Speaker, it waslnot
tention. to have said Anything to the House on
this subject until the testimony was printed ntitl
laid upon the desks of members,-and when that
was done I proposed to submit such remark's as
might seem to me just and- proper. This discus-
sion, however, having sprung up this morning,
and other members having spoken, if the House
will indulge me I will say at this time whatl had
expected to say on some future occasion.
Mr. Speaker, it is an unpleasant business-at aH
times to be placed upon a committee to investigate
charges againsthonorable members ofthis House.
I would have avoided it if I could; i knewthat
some gentleman had to perform the duty, how-
ever unpleasant it mis;ht be,and when the House
put me on this committee 1 determined to do my
duty, and to continue to do it by statingtbe facts
as I understand them in a plain and straightfor-
ward manner. ' . *
Mr. Speaker, I shall not go into the details of
the testimony taken before the committee, but 1
shall speak of the facts as- they are impressed
upon my mind. I may-be inaccurate in regard
to some of the dates, but "in regard to the main
facts I do not think 1 can be mistaken. ' I Will
endeavor to make my remarks short. The com-
mittee sat many nights and days, and full lati-
tude was given to the parties to bring out all of
the facts, and from those facts our inferences
were made.
Now, whatare the facts? Itseems thatcharges
wore made against General Blair of being en-
gaged in a liquor speculation in Mississippi.'
From the evidence which was produced before
the committee it appears that it was necessary,
according to what was usual, and according to
the recommendation of the surgeon of'the corps
which General Blair commanded, that General •
Blair and his staff, while in the service of the
United States in Mississippi, performing duty
near Yicksburg, should use moderately some
stimulant as a kind of antidote to the diseases
which prevailed in that country. - -
This man Powers came to General Blair and
his staff, representing himselfas aTreasuryagent,
and supposing that he had facilities fordoing so,
while traveling up and down the river as sueh
agent, he offered to supply them with such
liquors as were needed and were necessary. He
said that if they would give him an order he
would supply them with such liquors as they de-
sired. Therefore it was that upon the applica-
tion of this man that order was drawn. It was
written by one of General Blair's staff, Captain
Mnguire. He testified himself that he wrote-the
order and presented it to General Blair, and then
to the remainder of the staff of General Blair,
making in all nine persons who signed the order.
Powers received that order,and after he received
it, according to the testimony, and accoidiog to
his own confession, he altered it. He did not
exactly say that he committed a forgery, because
after acknowledging that it had been altered he
was asked who made the alteration, and at the
same time he was informed by the committee that
he was not bound to criminate himself, and he
did not answer that question. Yet he answered
it sufficiently to convince the committee thfft he
was the forger, as the honorable chairman of the
committee has said. After receiving this oider,
Powers returned to St. Louis, and there he con-
cluded that there was a good chance under that
order to make a speculation for himself. As he
said himself, he thought he was not cheating the
Government, because lie paid the proper percent-
age upon the goods shipped; and that he was not
cheating General Blair, because he was not bound
for the goods which he got under the changed or-
der. As liquors were very high, and it was dif-
ficult to get them shipped to that country, Powers
concluded it was a fine chance to make a specu-
lation, and the result was the forgery of this order.
