990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
discuss with some amplitude tjie bases, social and
political, on which alone we can hope for future
peace and prosperity to our country. And lastly,
that in taking an initiative, and proposing an act
of direct abolition, I do so in the name of the great
State which has honored me with a seat in this
Senate, and which, although still a slave State
under the local law, will be proud and grateful to
receive emancipation at the hands of the Federal
Government. Missouri, which was consecrated
to slavery more than forty years ago by a national
Congress, comes this day and asks a national Con-
fress to right.that wrong and conferupon her free-
om as the only sure guarantee of republican in-
stitutions.
Senators, after three years of war no rebel State
has yet been entirely conquered from the enemy.
Aftei' three years of administering no slave State
has yet been truly reclaimed to freedom. Do
you dare then to trifle longer with the destinies of
this great nation?
'Mr. POMER.OY. I desire to offer some re-
marks on this topic; but as there is not time to-
day, I move that the further consideration of the
bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The matron was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (No. 37)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to an-
ticipate the payment of interest on the public
debt;, i  which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 156) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1864, and it had agreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the said bill with
amendments. It insisted upon its disagreement
and amendments as aforesaid, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
had appointed Mr. Sampei. Hooper of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. George H. Pendleton of Ohio,
and Mr. Glenni W.Scofield of Pennsylvania,
managers at the same on its part.
nOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 37) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to anticipate tlie payment of in-
terest on the public debt, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
FAY OF COLORED TROOPS. -
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up the bill
that was the regular order of the day and was
temporarily laid over,and I hope we shall be able
to pass it to-night.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
145) to equalize the pay of soldiers in the United
States Army was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
_ Under the provisions of the first section of the
bill, all persons of color who have been or may
be mustered into the military service of the Uni-
ted States are to receive the same uniform,cloth-
ing, aims, equipments, camp equipage, rations,
medical and hospital attendance, pay and emolu-
ments, other than bounty, as other soldiers of the
regular or volunteer forces of the United States
of like arm of the service, from and after the 1st
day of January, ]864; and every person of color
who may hereafter be mustered into the service
is to receive such sums in bounty as the President
shall order in the different States and parts of the
United States, not exceeding $100.
The second section provides that all persons
enlisted and mustered into service us volunteers
under the call dated October 17, 18G3, for three
hundred thousand volunteers, who were at the
time of enlistment actually enrolled and subject
to draft in the State in which they volunteered, shall
receive from the United States the same amount
of bounty, without regard to color.
According to the third section all persons of
color who have been enlisted and mustered into
the service of the United States are to receive the
pay and clothing allowed by law to other volun-
teers in the service, from the date of their muster
into the service, if it has been' pledged or prom-
ised to them by any officer or person who, in
making such pledge or promise, acted by author-
ity of the War Department; and the Secretary of
War is to determine any question of fact arising
under this provision.
The fourth section allows the same premium
for each colored recruit now mustered, or here-
after to be mustered, into the service of the Uni-
ted States, as is or shall be allowed by law for
white recruits, with a proviso that the Secretary
of War shall previously give his assent to the
same.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose there is no
chance of passing this bill now, and I should like
to have an executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall pass the bill
to-night.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I understand that the
Senator from Kentucky wishes to make a speech.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment, as an
additional section to this bill:
And be it farther enacted, That every slave 01 slaves that
may have, been heretofore, or may hereafter be, taken into
the service of the United States, the ioyal owner or owners
of such slave or slaves shall be entitled to their fair and
reasonable value, to be ascertained by three commissioners
to be appointed by the United States district court from the
district from which such slave or slaves may have been
taken,andsuch commissioners- shall take evidence and re-
port on the points of the loyalty and ownership of the claim-
ants and the value of such slave or slaves; and when said
report is confirmed by the district couit aforesaid, it shall
be conclusive on the points embraced by it; and on the
presentation of an authenticated copy of said report to the
Treasury Department, any sum or sums therein appearing
to be due any loyal owner or owners, bhall be paid out of
any money in the Treasuiy not otherwise appropriated.
It is now nearly half past three o'clock, and I
propose that the Senate adjourn or take up some
other business, as I want to debate the amendment
about an hour and a half. I do not propose to
take anymore time than that, and I would prefer
to commence my remarks in the morning.
Mr. WILSON. This bill has been a long time
before the Senate, and the interests of the coun-
try have suffered immensely because it was not
passed weeks ago. The substance of the propo-
sition now moved as an amendment is the law of
the land to-day. The law provides that slaves en-
listing in the service are to be paid for, not ex-
ceeding $300,on the report of a commission. I
should be very glad to have this bill passed to-
night; 1 want to get it through; the country is
suffering because it has not been passed before;
and the Senator from Kentucky can certainly have
an opportunity to make his speech on other bills
that are coming up. i understand that to-mor-
row the matter we have just had up is to be con-
sidered, and the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pome-
hoy] is to have the floor. The result of that will
be probably to throw this bill over to next week,
if it be not actcd on now. I think the Senator
from Kentucky may make his speech on some
other bill, and allow this bill to pass; for what he
is now aiming at is already secured in the enroll-
ment act.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remind my colleague
also that the Senate has already made the bill to
repeal the fugitive slave acta special order for to-
morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. My proposition is not provided
for m the laws that now exist. My proposition
embraces this in substance: not that there shall
be an arbitrary compensation for slaves that may
be taken into the service of the United States, but
that thodistrictcourtof every district from whence
slaves are so taken shall appoint a commission to
ascertain the fair and reasonable value of such
slaves, not that they shall be restricted to $300.
The proposition that $300 is a fair valuation for
a slave is a mockery: it is altogether untrue. I
want the value of that property to be ascertained
in the same constitutional and legal manner in
which the value of all other property taken for
public use, whether for the use of the United
States Government or the States, is to be ascer-
tained.
I have been ready waiting and watching to make
my argument in this case for the last ten days,
and it lsbecausc of the manner in which the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs him-
self has managed this bill that I did not make my
speech upon it a week or ten days ago. I do not
wish to consume unnecessarily the time of the
Senate; but I want to present my views fully,as
I intend to do if 1 am physically able, in relation
to this proposition. I would piefer an adjourn-
ment now; I feel somewhat exhausted by this
sitting, but if the Senate require me to proceed in
my argument to-day, I shall do so. I must first,
however, ask for a vote upon adjourning or upon
postponing this measure until some hour in the
morning to be indicated by the Senate. Iam vis-
ing to proceed at any time to-morrow that it shall
be the pleasure of the Senate to indicate that I
shall take the floor on my amendment. I do not
want to embarrass the progress of this bill; I do
not want to procrastinate it; all I want is an op-
portunity to make my remarks, and I am ready
to make them whenever the Senate shall require
me to do so. To test the sense of the Senate, I
move that the measure be made the special order
for twelve and a half o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a special order for
that time—the repeal of the fugitive slave, act.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose that can wait a little.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to have that
wait at all. It is a disgrace to the country and
the statute-book that we want to get rid of.
Mr. DAVIS. I make the motion. I will not
bandy epithets with the Senator from Massachu-
setts on that subject at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
It is moved that the further consideration of this
bill be postponed until to-morrow at twelve and
a half o'clock, and be made the special order for
that time.
A division was called for.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the member
from Kentucky to ask a postponement that he
may address the Senate to-morrow, because he is
not able to address them now.
Mr. DA VIS. Certainly; thatis my proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the call for the yeas
and nays will be withdrawn, and that the assent
of the Senate will be given to let the Senator speak
to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock. We have
not got a quorum here now.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will accede to that.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another question
assigned for half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and nays can only be withdrawn by
unanimous consent. Any member objecting, the
yeas and nays must be taken.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will see there is a great deal more im-
portance in passing this bill which is to pay to
nearly one hundred thousand men that allotment
of money and rations and bounty which the Gov-
ernment justly owes them, than in entering into
a long debate here on the question of repealing
the fugitive slave law, which there is not any
probability of getting through for the next three
or four weeks at any rate. One is a practical
question that relates directly to one hundred thou-
sand armed men, and the other is a mere ques-
tion of ideas, so far as I know at this time.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am in favor of the bill to
which the Senator refers, and I wa<nt its imme-
diate passage; I want its passage to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. You cannot prevent the Sen-
ator from Kentucky from speaking.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to prevent his
speaking. I only wish that the assignment that
has been made for to-morrow at half past twelve
o'clock shall be adhered to, not that I wish to
speak or wish to invite discussion, but simply to
vote and to invite a vote. The Senator from Iowa
says that the discussion on the question of repeal
may run over some weeks. I do not know how
it can run over weeks.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator was informed,
when he had the subject set down for a special or-
der, that it would be thoroughly discussed, among
others I think by the Senator from Kentucky him-
self, and I have heard other Senators make the
same declaration. There is i?o possibility of get-
ting that bill through for a month, I apprehend.
Mr. SUMNER. It is news to mc that any-
body proposes to discuss it except the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. GRIMES. I should suppose the Senator
from Massachusetts had had a sufficient demon-
stration of the powers of endurance of the Senator
from Kentucky to know that he could discuss it
very nearly in the neighborhood of a month.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; for six months, if ne-
cessary. [Laughter.]
