1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Now, gentlemen, I will draw your attention to
the order itself. The original order was given,
for instance, for five gallons of whisky. By put-
ting the figure "2" before the " 5" it made it
"25,"'and then by putting the word "each" after
that, it madft the amount nine times that amount,
because nine persons signed the order. So in re-
gard to the other articles the amount of which
was changed. For instance, five gallons of brandy
was changed to thirty-five gallons, and then to
nine times that amount, by virtue of the word
"each." Thus it happened that the order which
in the beginning would probably amount to $150
was absolutely forged so as to amount to eight or
nine thousand dollars. The evidence before the
committee was conclusive to my mind that Gen-
eral Blair never saw the order after he signed it,
and that he never saw the individual who received
the order, and of course that he had no complicity
with the man whij altered the order. So far as
General Blair was concerned in regard to this
speculation, the committee were unanimous.
This man Powers went to St. Louis, arid after
having obtained a permit from the proper depart-
ment to ship the goods, went to a grocer to pur-
chase the goods, but not having the means of
paying for them, the grocer entered into an ar-
rangement with him by which he was to send an
agent down the river with Powers to receive the
money whenever the goods were sold; thereby
having a joint occupation of the goods for the pur-
pose of receiving the money. In this transaction
Blair's name was not known. Powers merely
showed the permit from the custom-house, and
this grocer was anxious to fill that order and
anxious to sell the goods, because it was difficult
in those times to sell goods at all. Then so far as
General Blair is concerned, in my judgment, he
has completely exculpated himself from all con-
nection with this matter further than the signing
of a simple order for a quantity of liquor which
was not unreasonable for himself and bis staff.
In regard to some other matters the committee
were not entirely unanimous. On some points I
came to a diflfurentconclusion from the chairman,
and 1 will state the reasons upon which 1 formed
my judgment upon this matter. Undertho reso-
lution adopted by the House it was a matter of
doubt whether we had a right to investigate or re-
port upon charges made by parties outside of this
House. We thought the investigation ought to be
confined to parties, members of this House, and
that outside parties ought to be left alone to take
care of themselves, and that we had no right to
exculpate or implicate them in any way whatever.
If they were implicated by the testimony taken,
let it go to the world, and let the world decide
without the House troubling itself about the mat-
ter. That was the opinion of the majority of the
committee, but the chairman differing with us and
being disposed to bring othermatters in, I had no
particular objection to its being done, reserving
my right to give my reasons why I dissented
when the report should be presented to the House.
I will quote the charge made in this House from
the speech of the gentleman from the fifth district
of Missouri, [Mr. McClurg:]
" Mr. Blair, of Mtesouii. f ask my colleague if he does
not know that die order which lie has quoted here was a
ibrgety committed by one of Mr. Chosc'd agents, and that
its publication was procured by another of Mr. Chase's
«gent>, who knew it to be a forgery, in a paper which wa^
in the pay of Mr. ('base. The whole thing can be traced
to malice and malevolence. It is acknowledged now to
have bpcn a foigcry on the part oi these two agents of Mr.
Chaise."
Now, here was a distinct charge made by Gen-
eral Blair thatthe foigery was committed byone
of Mr. Chase's agents arid published by another.
Mr. BA.LDW IN, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. BALDWIN, ofMassachusetts. Do I un-
derstand the gentleman from Kentucky to say
that Powers at the time of this transaction was
an agent of the Treasury Department?
Mr. CLAY. I will explain the matter if the
gentleman wiii allow me.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. He was
not.
Mr. CLAY. 1 will explain that matter if the
gentleman wiil listen to me patiently. i am speak-
ing of the charge made by Geneia) Blair, so that
we may know what the charge is which we are
here to consider.
Mr. McCLTJRG. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to read a little more of that language.
Mr. CLAY. 1 am going to read it presently.
But I wish to* say here in advance that so far as
Mr. Chase is concerned I have nothing to say
about him, for I do not see that he figures in this
matter at all. In speaking of Mr. Chase's agents
in my remarks, I merely allude to the Treasury
agents. I shall not indulge in any such techni-
calities as to draw a distinction between men ap-
pointed by the President and men appointed by
Mr. Chase, or men appointed by the surveyor
of the port. They are all, in the true sense and
meaning of language,agents of the Treasury, and
Mr. Chase is the head of the Treasury. I have
no charges whatever to make against Mr. Chase,
for 1 do not see that he has anything to do with
this matter. I wish to be confined to the testi-
mony in the case. I wish to give a fair detail of
all the facts, and to state my conclusions from
those facts, and then let the House and the coun-
try judge.
I go further, and will say that so far as these
two gentlemen from Missouri are concerned, I
never knew either of them until I came into this
House. I am not a peisonal friend of either of
them. I have no particular feeling of friendship
or hatred for either. I look upon both as hon-
orable gentlemen and members of this House,
and equals witli the rest of us; but as the gentle-
man from the fifth district of Missouri has thought
proper to make a speech reflecting upon the com-
mittee I felt as if I was bound to notice it, and
to give my version of the story as the correct in-
terpretation of the evidence.
Mr. McCLUHG. I intended no reflection
upon the committee and cast none.
Mr. CLAY. Now, Mr. Speaker, I want td
show what the charges, are in this matter. In the
first place, I have read from General Blair's in-
terruption in the speech of his colleague from the
fifth district [Mr. McClurg] to show that the
charge was that the forgery was committed by
one Treasury agent and published by another.
I read further to show that the gentleman's en-
deavor to represent Mr. Blair as charging Bonner
with committing the forgery is not borne out. I
read from the same point in the speech and fiom
Mr. Blair's interruption:
"I was in the field doing my duty when these miserable
miscreants committed this forgery which tile gentleman
parades here. X suppose he has seen the denunciation of
that pretended order as a lorgery in a St. Louis paper, and
lie may have all the credit he can get tor circulating the
forgerv ol Mr. Chase's agents.
" Mr. McCwkg. Will my colleague give us the name
of the peroon he alludes to?
" Mr. IIlair, oi Missouri. I allude to Mr. Bonner."
Mr. H1GBY. I would ask thegentlemen what
construction he puts on the language ofMr. Blair,
" when these miserable miscreants committed
this forgery ?"
Mr. CLAY. Here is the explanation. Here
is the direct charge that Mr. Bonner published
the forgery. The extracts I have read show to
me conclusively that General Blair charged Pow-
ers with committing the forgery, and Bonner with
the publication. That was the charge made by
General Blair, and in my judgment the testi-
mony bears it out.
Now, sir, who was this man Powers? When
he received this order he represented himself to
be a Treasury agent, or, in the gentleman's phrase,
a "Treasury aid." He had been going up and
down the river as a revenue aid, and so reported
himself at the time he received this order. 1 do not
think that the testimony exactly shows the time
at which this gentleman was dismissed from the
service. He had been a revenue aid, and so rep-
resented himself at the time he received this order;
and it is plain to my mind that Powers was the
foiger, and that he was or had been a Treasury
agent.
I now come to Mr. Bonner, and what does he
say? How does this gentleman stand according
to the testimony before the committee? It has
been denied over and over again that lie acknowl-
edged knowing this paper to be a forgery; but it
is proven by Mr. Howard, the surveyor of the
port, that lie did acknowledge it to him in a con-
versation. And what does Mr. Bonner himself
say? 1 will read you what he says:
Eihlors Missouii Democrat:
I am requested itv ftei-onal fiiend^of F. P. Blair to state
what lias come to my knowledge with reference to a cer-
tain order made by General Blair and members of his staff,
on which Mr. Michael Powers obtained a permit from the
collector of this port for the shipment of a certain lot of
liquors to Vickshurg, and as to the forgery of any part of
said order.
I will state that I never saw the order referred to until
after the liquors were seized at Cairo. No suspicion was
raised in my mind as to any part of the order being a for-
gery until after there had been some newspaper criticism
in relation to the shipment, when Mr. Howard, the collect-
or, called my attention to the original order, stating that
a member of General Blair's staff had, on examination of
the paper, pronounced the word "eacA," as it appeared in
the order, also the last item on the order, as forgeries. Mr.
Howard also gave it as his opinion at the time that the .
same were forgeries, and while I am not prepared tocharge
that any gentleman connected with this transaction would
perpetrate a forgery, I will state that to my mmd there
does exist a dissimilarity between the chirograpiiy of the
word "eocA," also the last item of the order, and the bal-
ance of the order.
Yours, very respectfully, B. R. EONNEit.
Now, Mr. Bonner says he never had any sus-
picion of this paper being a forgery until a cer-
tain' time. The inference is that after that time
he did believe it to be a forgery. What is Mr.
Bonner that he should be vindicated by members
on this floor because he is an agent of the Treas-
ury Department? Mr. Bonner is one ofthe special
Treasury agents at St. Louis, and has figured
very largely in this matter. The goods were
shipped from St. Louis by the authority of the
Government, and when they got near Vicltsburg
they were met by an order from General Blair to
turn back. They were unshipped at Cairo, and
there placed in the care of Government officials.
And Mr. Nicholson swears that when he received
the goods back they were minus $2,000 worth,
which had been abstracted while in the hands of
these Government officials.
In that state of the case Bonner comes here
and imposes on the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. McCldrg.] Or, if he did not impose on
him, if he communicated all the facts, then the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. McCldrg] is as
guilty, in a moral sense, as the forger himself.
I consider that the man who knowingly pub-
lishes a fraud or forgery upon another is as guilty
as, if not more so than, the man who originally
commits the forgery. The latter has not the man-
hood to stand up and make the charge boldly,
but he skulks behind some other individual to
shield himself from responsibility. Mr. Bonner
had access to the records of the custom-house
where these papers were. He took out the pa-
pers, and while they were in his possession he
gave copies of them to individuals. 1 n that way
the matter got into the journals, and this order
was brought here as a genuine paper while it
was known to be false. The man who could sit
and listen deliberately to all that testimony when
there was no rebutting testimony to leave a doubt
on his mind, and who can then come and leiter-
ate such charges here, ought to receive the con-
tempt and indignation of every member of the
House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is an attempt here
to incorporate other charges. What are they?
While General Blair is released from all stigma
111 this matter, they try to brand the forgery on
his aids and on his associates in arms—men who
were fighting our battles while these recreants
weie trying to make political capital outof them,
it appears, sir, not only by Powers's acknowl-
edgment but by Mr. Howard, that this forgery
was committed by Powers. There is no doubt
about it. Four members of General Blair's staff
certify to the same thing. They all stated it was
a forgery. And I put this question to the sur-
geon, who seems a most intelligent man: " Doc-
tor, could you, under any circumstances what-
ever, have been induced to sign such an order as "
this?" Said he, "It is impossible I ever could
have signed an order of that magnitude." He
said he had no use for it and had no way of tak-
ing care of it, and that if it had been an oider of
that description it would have struck him imme-
diately. Therefore the proof, in my judgment,
is conclusive on all these points. There is the
forger. There is the man guilty of it, and there
are the men who are endeavoring to make cantal
out of it.
Mr. Speaker, 1 should not have gone so par-
ticularly into the matter but for the remaiks of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. McClurg]
and of the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
IJigby.] We differ upon that point, lhaveno
doubt that it is an honest difference of opinion.
