2942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
control its own domestic institutions according to its own
judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of power
on which the perfection and endurance of our political
faith depend."
Where now will be the right of each State to
order and control its domestic institutions if the
institutions of one fourth of the States are to be
subjected to the will of the people of three fourths
by amending the Constitution so as to make them
belong to and under the control of a majority in
Congress, or to wipe them out altogether?
About the time of the peace conferences an
amendment which was substantially the converse
of the present was proposed, declaring explicitly
that no amendment affecting slavery should be
valid that did not obtain the consent of all the
States in which that institution existed. I believe
if it had been adopted the present war would have
been averted; and I consider that the suggestion
made by the present Secretary of State, in one of
his speeches during the last presidential canvass,
that slavery could be constitutionally abolished
when the number of free States had increased so
as to allow the passage of this very amendment
now under consideration, was one of the impel-
ling causes that precipitated the struggle now
convulsing the States and converted the " irre-
pressible conflict" of that political leader into the
fearful strife of contending aimies and warring
States. This, the crowning act of the agitation
of years against slavery, from the Missouri re-
striction to the invasion of Virginia by John
Brown, whose chorus has become the music for
the loyal hosts, comes at length to give a show of
legality to the destruction of the institution of
slavery. The very proposal of this amendment
demonstrates the utter bad faith of the long series
of acts which, illegally and in defiance of the Con-
stitution, "thfi pledge of mutual friendship and
the insfiument of mutual happiness," sought to
break down this domestic institution of the States
of the South.
The proposal of this amendment arraigns the
President as having violated the Constitution in
his emancipation proclamation, and stamps it as
a nullity and void. It is an implied confession
that the Administration, carrying on an aggress-
ive war on States and State institutions, had this
design in view from the commencement—that
the war was not for the purpose of sustaining the
Government, preserving the Union,and maintain-
ing the supremacy of the Constitution, but was
directed against the sovereignties of the States,
and to destroy such of their domestic institutions
as were obnoxious to the views of the party con-
trolling the Government, for the time. The ag-
gressor is always in the wrong in case of hostil-
ities among States united under a federal system
like ours, no matter on which side the General
Government may array itself. This is the spmt
embodied in the Crittenden resolutions, but it is
not in accordance with the policy now avowed by
the Administration in piosecuting the war, nor
by the party which supports the Piesident for re-
election, and least of all by the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution. The Administration
party have proclaimed "that the utter and com-
plete extiipation of slavery from the soil of the
Republic" is its present object, and support the
adoption of an amendment to the Constitution to
this effect, impartial history, in dealing with
these events, will pionounce a verdict that this
attitude, and, above all, the attempt to change the
Constitution to make thut ilU-^ai which was not
so before, shows that (he moving c.iu.se of the
war was from the commencement the pi ohibitjon
of slavery. That design, suspected with such
ample ground, is now rendered transparently
clear. No candid mind can avoid the inevitable
conclusion which will brand noithern sectional-
ism as the primary cause of the war, and that the
apprehensions of the southern people were fully
justified by the events now taking place and by
the previous acts and proclamations of the Gov-
ernment. The pretext that those acts woie done
in its defense will be tegaided aw a falsehood,
only intended to deceive the people and conceal
the real character of the war.
The charge that slaveiy was the cause of the
war is notoriously false. The agitation ng.iin.st
slavery and the menaces utteied against that insti-
tution had risen to such an alarming height that
the States where it existed believed that the only
recourse left was to attempt peaceably to withdiaw
from the Confederation on the ground that the
compact was broken. That this would be the
inevitable result of the success of a party which
denounced slavery as a moral, soiial, and polit-
ical evil and declared its intention to use every
means to extirpate it, was foretold for years. The
speeches and writings of that pack of political
jackals known as war Democrats, most of whom
are now to be found yelling and yelping at the
heels of power, were full of warnings of what
the South would do in defense of their domestic
institutions and their constitutional rights. If I
did not consider these political renegades and
mountebanks beneath contempt, I could fill vol-
umes and exhaust your' patience in quotations
from men who were once the most ultra in their
opposition to coercion and in defense of the Jef-
fersonian doctrine of State sovereignty. Fortu-
nately their names are now erased from the me-
morials of the Democratic party, and are ex-
punged and blotted out from the respect of those
who still hold fast to its time-honored piinciples
—principles which I trust will survive the storm
and wreck of battle and the fiery ordeal of this
unjust ami unholy war, and upon which only the
Union can or should exist.
The sentiment of opposition to slavery is so
powerful that I could hardly expect to offer any
reason which would awaken sympathy in behalf
of its continuance, even if I showed that it was
the best possible condition to insure the happiness
of the negro race, or that its abolition was an in-
vasion of the rights of the masters and the well-
being of the communities where it existed. I
have abstained from doing any more than to as-
sert that the relation was one having a legal exist-
ence in the southern States and fully recognized
by the Constitution. This is uncontrovertible, a
fact not to be denied, and virtually admitted by
the amendment now proposed. The theory that
the States never parted with their sovereignty is
likewise not acceptable to the oppositeside of the
House, and the notion that the General Govern-
ment is paramount and can setaside all State au-
thority is nowpopular. We are told, " Preserve
the nation, though you tear the Constitution to a
thousand pieces; hold the Union fast and let the
Constitution slide as long as the nation remains;
this, generation, wiser and more patriotic than
any that lias gone before, is competent to devise
a constitution better and nobler than that of
Washington." I fear that I have no eloquence
so persuasive, can make no appeals so winning
as to convince the friends of the Administration
that the Constitution cannot be improved by their
wisdom, but I do insist -that no cunning of man
can frame a system of morality more perfect than
that which demands thatcontiacts between States
and individuals should be observed inviolate, that
mutual promises should be kept, and that faith
should be preserved sacred and unbroken. If
this is a nation, let not its national character be
based on perfidy and falsehood. This would be
worse than boldly proclaiming that it is founded
on force, and that " might makes light."
When, however, I declare my hope and sin-
cere desire to see the restoration and perpetuity
of the Union, the gathering back into the galaxy
of every star that has shot madly from its sphere,
and the enfolding of every wanderer into the dear
olil flag with all its precious memories of asso-
ciated glory and mutual happiness and mutual
good will, I expect that what 1 utter will not be
regarded with hostile feelings and alienated minds.
You profess yourselves lovers of the Union, and
so do I*, we may differ as it regards the means
of restoration and the remedy to be applied, "and
purge it to a sound and pristine health," but we
agiee in devotion to the Union. It has been pro-
posed by an eminent state physician that a vio-
lation of the Constitution is an excellent medi-
cine to save the " life of the nation." 1 cannot,
indeed, coincide with that same " learned The-
ban*/' but I would humbly suggesta nulder treat-
ment than this with its concomitants of fire and
swoid and desolation. The " life of the nation "*
cannot be pieserved by peijury, the Almighty
will not auilU- it, and the sense of truth and jus-
tice which He has implanted in His creatures for-
bids the success of the experim< iu. No Gov-
ernment can be lasting that is not founded on the
consent of the governed. Do we dream of a
Union of force, and vainly imagine that we can
hold forever unwilling States, linked to us with-
out their consent, by circling bayonetsand threat-
ening cannon r Is this the lesson taught by the
history of that glorious Revolution which made
the colonies of Great Britain free and independ-
ent States ? If the policy of Chatham and Burke
had been rejected instead of that of Bute and
North, would not the rebellion of the colonies
been crushed, and the authority of the mother
country restored over her injured and offended
children ? Have centuries of wrong and injustice
cemented the union between England and Ireland?
Mark the difference: Scotland, treated with fair-
ness and equity, became completely and firmly
allied to her southern and more powerful neighbor,
maintaining her laws, her church, and local insti-
tutions intact; the political alliance between the
two nations has been undisturbed and inviolate.
Turn to the other side of the Channel, and what
a contrast between the union of force and the
union of kindness, the union of oppression and
the union of equality, the union of hate and the
union of love ! Unhappy Poland still writhes un-
subdued in the chains of that union which binds
her to the Muscovite throne. The last instance
of determined resistance to arbitrary power is the
voluntary expatriation of the Circassian mount-
aineers, abandoning their country rather than be
made sub jects of Russia. Do you think that the
people of the southern States are more degen-
erate and of tamer natures than the children of
Europe, or the sons of the old birthplace of the
race among the rugged mountains of Caucasus?
Assuredly the experience of this war should teach
otherwise. 1 see in it no warrant to cheiish the
anticipation that they will succumb and acquiesce
in the yoke, as they deem it, even of the most
beneficent Government the world ever saw, when
offered to them on the points of your bayonets.
The paternal sway of a Butler and the concilia-
tory policy of a Hunter produced the same effect
in Louisiana and South Carolina that the benig-
nant lash of Haynau did in Brescia and the nier-
•ciful Russian knout did at Wai saw. Human na-
ture is constituted the same in every quarter ofthe
woild. Opposition and hate ate the results of
aggiession and force, and gratitude and sympa-
thy Lhe peaceful fruit of kindness and love. On
these last, joined with mutual forbearance and
consideration, this Union was originally founded;
by them alone can it be recreated and made per-
petual. How is it that gentlemen can prate of
the acts of confiscation and vengeance, and the
proclamations of emancipation dealing a %i death-
blow at the stiength of this gigantic rebellion ?"
Is not the fact far otherwise,and have not the most
vigorous efforts to prosecute the war been fol-
16wed by equally determined resolution to lesist
to the last extremity? The bloody and brutal
policy of the Administration party has well-nigh
destroyed all hope of reconstruction, but I have
an cnduiing faith in the efficacy of justice and
fraternity. Call these divine principles back to
your counsels and you will have taken the only
step which can permanently restore the Union.
We have destioyed the former happy state of
mutual friendship by innovations on the pi mciples
of the Government, first by the specious pretext
of destroying slavery by excluding it from the
common tenitory, and since the war bioke out
by executive usurpations substantially amount-
ing to a military dictatorship under the same pre-
text, and the plausible though false assumption
that this was necessary to preserve the existence
of the Government. The present attempt to
change the principles of the Union, though pio-
posed in the form and letter of the Constitution,
is adverse to its spirit and irreconcilable with its
ends. But if it were allowable, it would be mad-
ness to press the alteration at this time, when a
civil wai is raging of such gigantic proportions.
Pass this amendment, and the only limit of this
war will be the subjugation of the South or the
exhaustion of the North. And what is involved
in the subjugation of the South? Nothing less
than extermination. The contest is of a nature
to admit of no temunation until the last man dies
on the battle-field or the scaffold. From this al-
ternative-my suul turns away in loathing and dis-
gust. If the objccts of the war weie all that its
instigators and supporters claim foi them, i would
shrink from the enforcement of the awful penalty
which demands the annihilation of a kindred peo-
ple. Infinite justice did not thus deal with the
sons of Adam, but remitted the dire sentence of
