1864.
THE OONGKESSIOJSFAL GLOBE.
2
death at the intercession of mercy. If human
societies would strive to imitate this august and
divine exemplar, on earth would be seen—
"Golden days, fruitful of golden deeds,
With joy and love tuumphing, and f<ih truth."
While this struggle is going on, an empire is
planted in Mexico. If the war continues, the con-
sequence will be not only perpetual disunion and
the South a desolation, but on empire will be so
firmly rooted on American-Mexican soil that the
battle-wasted population and exhausted resources
of the American " nation" cannot uproot it. Can-
ada wifl have grown and expanded, and mon-
archical institutions will be then so matured that
republicanism will stand alone on this as on the
old continent. While war is continued, and it
must long be so if this amendment is carried, it
is idle to parade the threat that the people cannot
regard with^indifference the establishment of a
monarchy in their proximity. Whether hostile,
indifferent, or favorable to the erection of an em-
pire in Mexico, this people must bide their time
to offer resistance. It will be time enough to re-
monstrate when there is power to make remon-
strances felt. Bring back the old Union, and the
new empire will perish like a premature birth.
Make it the victim of an interminable war, or
witherand paralyze its limbs by subjugation, and
the Mexican throne will be founded too securely
to be overthrown by our exhausted energies.
I consider this the crisis of the fate of the Union.
As yet there is hope, though three years of war
may have piled the dead on either aide so high that
the boundary might be marked wifh the whiten-
ing bones of the slain. We may still be friends.
Neither people have yet been dishonored, and
both protest that they were observant of the com-
pact. The people of the South you assert are
rebels and traitors. Admit it. You cannot doubt
that they are sincure in the opinion that they were
justified in the course they adopted, and that 11
was consistent with the constitutional compact
and their reserved rights. All ciimcs di pond on the
motive and design of the perpetrator and his
guilty knowledge. Youcannot deny the sincerity
and patriotism of the South. They have sub-
mitted to sacrifices and sufferings greater than
that of any other race that ever fought for inde-
pendence. Are they to bclminded as traitors be-
cause they, in common with Jefferson and Madi-
son, believed that this was not a nation but a con-
fedeiacy? If you do indeed account this the gist
of their offense, then tear theashesof those arch-
traitors from the sepuichers when-1 they repose
and cast them to be scattered by the winds and
waves, so that the spot of their burial may be
unhonored among men.
Recall, I entreat you, before it is too late, the
ancient spirit of concession and mutual forbear-
ance. There is a higher duty of every American
citizen than fighting enemies or quelling by force
of arms rebellions. Its voice may be stifled in the
deadly struggle and forgotten in the tempest of
political animosities, or the earthquake of revolu-
tion, but it sldi lives, and will foi ever survive. See
it in the homely lesson, "to love his neighbor."
This obeyed, though but imperfectly, will be more
efficacious than all that has been done by force of
arms in crushing the rebellion. In carrying out
this policy of peace and reconciliation, do not in
one breath proclaim the paramount authority of
the Constitution, and then proceed to change it in
that very particular in which those who are now
in rebellion charged that you intended to disobey
and violate it. Assure them that the Constitution
shall remain as it is; publish an amnesty so broad,
general, and all-umbtacing that it will include all
degrees and ranks, civil and military, make at once
a treaty of peace, pledging the faith of the States
and the people to Us strict observance, and invite
the rebel States and people to send Representatives
to Congress and join in the election ofa Chief
Magistrate and unite again m the establishment
anew of the Union as it was. Let no feeling of
•vengeance and no mock philanthropy mar this
auspicious reinauguration of the Constitution,
but let an act of mutual oblivion conceal foiever
the horrible demoniac possession which has held
possession of the States and the people for the hist
three years. This can be accomplished inho peo-
flo only were wise enough to lecognizo tneir
ighest duty and their highest lnteiest. Admon-
ishod by the past, let them be wilbn^to purchase
pcace by tho cheap cost of doing justice.
Mr. HIGBY. Before speaking to the resolu-
tion embracing the proposition to amend, I refer
to the fifth article of the Constitution of theUni-
ted States, which makes ample provision and ex-
plains the way by which an amendment may be
made. The article reads as follows:
"Article V.—The Congress, whenever two thirds of
both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amend-
ments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the
Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a
convention for proposing amendments, which, m either
case, shall he valid to all intents and purposes, as part of
this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three
fourths ot the several States, or by conventions in three
fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratifica-
tion may lie proposed by the Congress; provided, that no
amendment which may be made prior to the yeai one thou-
sand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect
the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first
article; and that no State, without its consent, shall be
deprived ot its equal suffiage in the Senate."
The resolution follows in accordance and in
consonance with the method proposed by that
article of the Constitution, and it proposes an
article which, should it become a portion of the
Constitution, will forever prohibit the institution
of slavery within the limits of our country. The
resolution and amendment proposed read as fol-
lows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Slates of jJmenca in Cong7 e&s assem-
bled, (two limtl-s of both Houses concurring,) ThatthefoJ-
lowinsr article be piopo->iii! tu the Legislatures of the sev-
eral States as an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, which, when latified by three fourths of
said Legislatives,sliali be valid, to all intents and puiposes,
as a part of the said Constitution, namely:
Article XIII.
Sec. 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
a? a punishment for crime, whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States,
or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
Pkc. '2. Concress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation.
Sir, the whole debate on the other side of the
[louse upon this proposition has been upon the
presumption that whatever action is taken by us
as a legislative body is conclusive; that if this
resolution passes this House—it having aheaily
passed the Senate—it becomes a finality, and
whatever is embraced in it becomes a portion of
the Constitution of the United States. Let no
such fallacy sink deep into the heart of any man.
The Constitution hasmostamply and cautiously
provided that the national legislative branch of
the Government can make no such amendment.
Why, sir, the resolution simply gives the amend-
ment in so many words, and proposes its ratifica-
tion, and then the amendment goes to the State
Legislatures, and must be ratified by them.
There is nowhere contemplated in the Consti-
tution of the United States any action by Con-
gress that more completely acknowledges and
recognizes State sovereignty than this very pro-
vision of the Constitution explaining how itmay
be amended. Our people are looking with anx-
iety to the action of Congress with reference to
this subject. And now let me put a question to
gentlemen oil the other side of the House. They
have belabored this side often and long with de-
nunciations that State lights are not regarded,
that State sovereignty by our action is unheeded,
and that we are aiding the national Government
to absorb all powers which legitimately belong
to the States under and by virtue of the Consti-
tution. I appeal to them when a proposition does
come from this side of the House that acknowl-
edges and recognizes State sovereignty in full,
whether they dare submit that proposition to the
several States; whether they have faith in State
sovereignty so great that when the Constitution
makes a provision so ample as it has in this case,
i and so safe too, requiring the Legislatures of
three fourths of the States to ratify, that they dare
allow their different States to act upon this sub-
ject.
The only question that coulu possibly arise—-
and that one I find dwelt upon but very little—is
whether the times call for an amendment of this
character, but the great burden of the argument
on the other side is that there is no power in the
Constitution to do this act. The member from
New York whohas just taken his scat [All. 5 er.-
xando Wood] has' had the hardihood to pio-
mul^e to this nation that the ninth and tenth aiti-
cles of the Amendments to the. Constitution do
away and make a nullity of the article to which 1
have directed attention and quoted. Can he hnu
anywhere in the Constitution a provision by which
itmay be amended in so indirect a way, and the
portions amended be left as dead matter to cumber
the living body? He would search in vain for
such a provision. Why, sir, he would trample
the Constitution underhis feet. And if we follow
out his argument and act upon it we will become
violators of that instrument.
I regard the fifth article as a part of the Consti-
tution just as full of vitality as it was the day our
fathers established it as a part of the Constitution
of this country, and, sir, the gentleman from
New York, if he has a particle of honesty, him-
self will ignore every word which he has said
upon that one subject.
Let me call the' attention of the House to the
only limitation in the instrument; and they are
referred to this fifth article, where the limitation
is to be found; it provides " that no amendment
which may be made prior to the year 1808 shall
in any manner affect the first ami fourth clauses
in the ninth section of the firstarticle." But, sir,
this Constitution is entirely silent with reference
to all other portions, including even that which
provides that fugitives from labor shall be re-
turned to service. Upon this the Constitution is
silent, and even before 1808 it could have been
amended, with the exception above quoted, by
pursuing the course laid down in the filth article.
Now, sir, what is there in the proposition con-
tained in this resolution? It is that a certain
amendment, specifying it in so many words, shall
be submitted to the different State Legislatures
for their action, and if the Legislatures of three
fourths of the States of the Union ratify it it be-
comes a portion of the Constitution of theUnued
States. And, sir, that is a proposition appealing
to State sovereignty that members upon the other
side of the House dare not allow to be submitted
and acted upon by those high constitutional de-
liberative bodies.
But, Mr. Speaker, I will not dwell longer upon
that point. It is sufficient that we simply pro-
posB what the State Legislatures ratify and make
apart of the Constitution, or else render a nullity.
Sir, this amendment, if it should become a por-
tion of the Constitution, strikes at the root of the
terrible evil that is now piercing the very vitals
of the nation, whose roots of bitterness have
sunk so deep that they are almost drinking up
the life-blood of this Government. Men talk upon
the other side as they did in the palmy days of
pcace, when nothing but the busy hum ofindus-
try could be heard on every side, and when
slavery lay like a lamb, submissive to every law.
But now, sir, when it has aroused and become
venomous, and, full of the spirit of the tiger, draws
the sword and makes no distinction in its wrath,
and is feasting upon the very life of this nation,
we hear the same songs in this Hall that we used
to hear in the days of peace, showing how utterly
heartless men must be, having no blood of patriot-
ism m their veins.
We are told that the institution of slavery in
the rebellious States has rights under this Gov-
ernment. The rights of slavery! What right,
m God's name, has the institution that has now
two or three hundred thousand men arrayed m
arms against the Government? Is this bold ei-
frontery to be weighed as aigument, and are we
yet to hear about the rights ofslavery? It has cul-
minated in concentrating its whole power against
this Government. What right has it which this
Government is bound to respect?
What was its morale, sir ? In early days as
an institution it was humble and unpretending.
While it was an institution in the colonies it had
DO political power. The charm of this whole in-
stitution has been in the political power that it
has exercised. But, sir, as we emerged from de-
pendents as colonies and became an independent
nation, the fathers who lived in its very midst trod
very cautiously over the ground. Why, sir, what
was its first exercise of power? When Virginia,
which was then a slave State, ceded the Northwest
Territory to the Union, it demanded that slavery-
should be prohibited forever in that Territory, and
the power was admitted to rest in Congress topio-
, hibit the institution from ever going there while it
j was a Teriitory. Such was the morale ol slaveiy
| in its early days, so lar as the exercise of political
i nower was concerned. But,sir, it increased in mag-
I mtude and in proportions, and became interwoven
with our whole system. It was held in eaily
1 times to be an evil, but a necessary one; it was
