1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
But I felt that I owed it as a duty to myself and
to this House and to tho parties concerned that I
should speak freely and fearlessly upon all mat-
ters and persons connected with this transaction.
Mr. HIGBY. i now demand the previous
question on the motion to print.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote or-
dering the report printed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY POSITION OF A MEMBER.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the question of
privilege presented fast evening, and demand the
previous question upon it.
The SPEAKER. The question will then be
upon the adoption of the following resolution,
yesterday submitted and laid over for one day:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House copies of the notes, letters, telegrams,
orders, entries, and other documents which are referred to
by him in his message sent to the House this day, which
have connection with the answermadebyhimintbatmes-
sage to the resolution requesting him to inform the House
whether Francis P. Blair, jr., of Missouri, holds now any
appointment or commission in the military service of the
United States.
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolution
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act to increase the compensation of inspect-
ors of customs in certain ports; and
Joint resolution to increase temporarily the
duties on imports.
MILITARY POSITION OF A MEMBER—AGAIN.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, moved to lay
the resolution on the .table; and on that resolution
demanded the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, 12 voted in the
affirmative, and 57 in "the negative.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, called for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blair, of
West Virginia, and Higby, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 25, noes 54.
So the yeas and nays were ordered; more than
one fifth voting thereior.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 28, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnold, Jacob B. Blair,
Brandegee, Broomall, Dawson, Dixon, Eliot, Ganson, Gri-
der, Hall, John H. Hubbard, King, Knapp, McAllister,
Amos Myers, Oith, William II. Randall, Edward H. Rollins,
James S. Rollins. Ross, John B. Steele, Stuart, Thomas,
Elihu B, Washburne, Whaley, and Fernando YVood—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Augustus
C. Baldwin, John D.Baldwin, Baxter, Blaine, Blow, Boyd,
Biook«, Chanler, Cobb, Cole, Cox, Creswell, Henry Win-
ter Dav««!. Dawes, Deming, Denison, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eekley,Eden, Eldridse, English, Fmck, Garfield, Griswold,
Iiardin&, Harrington,"Benjamin G. Harris, Ilerrick, Higby,
Hotchklss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Kernan. Law, Le Blond, Loan, Long, Longyear,
Marcy, Maivin, McBride, McOlurg,McKmney, SamuelF.
Miller, William H. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, James 11. sVJoirn, Morrison, Leonard Myers, Noble,
Udell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perham, Price, Radiord,
Samuel J. Randall. John H. Rice, Schenek, Scofield. Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Stiles, Sfrouse,
Thayer. U'von, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White,' Williams, Wilder, Wilson, YVmdom, and Yea-
man— F4.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will permit me to oft'er an amend-
ment to his resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question for the purpose of hear-
in" the gentleman's amendment.
Air. BROOKS. I propose to amend by adding
as follows:
Ami tli.it the President be also requested to report as
soon as possible to tile House all facts or depositions winch
are or tuve been in his possession, or in the possession ol
the tfecretan oi the Trcasui y or the Solieitoi ol tlie'J leas-
ury, respecting the printing m the bureau in tlie Treasury
building, where are printed the public money, the bonds,
and other obligation of the T'usk.'cI Stau-.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will stale that
if the gentleman from Massachusetts yields tor
the purpose of allowing the amendment to be of-
fered, it can only be done by unanimous consent,
it not being germane to the original proposition.
Mr. DAWES. If there be no objection, I will
not object.
Mr. UPSON. I objeet.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the gentleman's amend-
ment come in as an independent proposition.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman give me
the opportunity to introduce itaa an independent
proposition ?
Mr. STEVENS. I will give the gentleman an
opportunity of asking the general consent of the
House. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. If the amendment can be in-
troduced I am willing to have the information,
but if it is objected to of course it would do no
good for me to yield. I therefore renew the mo-
tion for the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts then will allow me to speak on this
resolution. I promise to renew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. So far as the resolution
itself is concerned I have no objection, but the
other proposition has nothing to do with it, and I
object to the gentleman debating that on this res-
olution.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to speak to the resolu-
tion itself.
Mr. UPSON. I object to the gentleman from
Massachusetts yielding, unless he yields uncon-
ditionally.
Mr. DAWES. I yield unconditionally, un-
derstanding that the gentleman will renew the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I am surprised that there should
ba such sensitiveness on tne part of gentlemen on
the other side of the House in granting the op-
portunity of submitting a few remarks on a res-
olution calling on the President of the United
States for information. 1 am notable to compre-
hend that sensitiveness, or to understand why
there should be any objection. I am quite sure
there can be no apprehension on the part of these
gentlemen who have so much confidence in the
President, when a resolution calls upon him, and
especially when that resolution is introduced by an
h onorable gentleman from Massachusetts,thatan y
damage could result as the gentleman from Mich-
igan seems to apprehend from such information
coming from the President, or that there should
beany desire to conceal that information. Under
our form of Government we are entitled to all the
information from the Executive which is not det-
rimental to the public interests; and the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] as it is proposed to be amended by me,
will not be detrimental to the public interests, but
on the contrary will subserve the public good.
The demand upon the Executive for information
should be allowed at all times and on all occa-
sions, except in case of war, and when the pub-
lication of information would be detrimental to our
foreign relations or our domestic safety.
Nor can I comprehend the objection which was
made, I think, by the honorable gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Upson] to the amendment which
1 proposed to the resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and which, under the rul-
ing of the Chair, I was compelled to withdraw.
Sir, we not only have the right to know what
is going on in all of the Executive Departments,
but 1 think that it would be satisfactory to the
public. The Representatives of the people al-
ways have the right to know what is going on
in other depaitments of the Government. J
Mr. Speaker, the House will recollect that after
the close of the Christmas holidays I made some*
remarks here especially in reference to the sub-
ject of the printing of the public money in the
Department of the Treasury. There seemed then
on the other side of the House some little dispo-
sition that there should be some inquiry on the
subject. I made allegations as to the character
of the printer, and 1 submitted the documents.
The debate was in print, the documents given in
here, and all could be referred to, as they were
on the records of the House. I waited until the
month of February, when I again called the at-
tention of the House to the fact that the gentle-
men on the other side had made no use of the
testimony which I had submitted. I then ex-
pressed my surprise that no attention had been
given to a subject so important to the welfare of
the country. . *
Mr. GRESWELL. I rise to a question sof?
order. The gentleman from New York isfipeak-
ing to the resolution which be proposed as an
amendment to the resolution of the*gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,-] and which
wa& ruled out of order. He iw not speaking to
the question before the House. The geatlemaii
is therefore out of order. . '
Mr. KERNAN. Discussion is allowable on
the resolution to show the importance of obtain-
ing information from the Executive Departments,
My colleague's remarks are to show the necessity
ofj>assing the pending resolution.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is not
debatable, but the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Kernan] has seen fit to counsel him as to
the manner in which it should be.decided, which,
counsel he has listened to cheerfully,- although
compelled to differ from him.
The Chair decides that the remarks of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] are not
in order. He must confine his remarks to the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.1
Mr. BROOKS. I assure the gentleman from
Maryland that it is utterly impossible to defeat
my purpose to get this information out. If de-
bate be choked in this House,itisutterly impos-
sible to suppress the newspapers of the land. If I
am not allowed to say what I have to say here, I
can say itanytime in the newspapers. Gentlemen
might, therefore, allow meat this time to say what
I have to say as well as at some other time.. If
on mere points of order members shut me off here
1 will go before the country through the newspa-
pers; and the facts I have will only be the more
damaging if Republicans suppress them here.
What I have to say is in reference to peril of
plunder in the Treasury and to the stealing of the
public money. Will the gentleman make his
point of order after that allegation?
Mr. CRESWELL. The propriety of restrain-
ing the paper with which the gentleman is con-
nected is a question of public morals, and cannot
be reached by a point of order. I can only say
that it is a matter of very little moment what may
be said in the New York Express. Gentlemen
on this side do not read it,'because they do not
regard it as a reputable paper. I call the gentle-
man to order.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman's remarks
are not in order here. The Chair has no control
over the other arena to which thegentleman from
New York referred.
Mr. BROOKS. The honorable Speaker be-
longs to that arena, and feels the force of my ap-
peal. Now,the questionof public morals 
The SPEAKER. That is not in order. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BROOKS. The question is whether in the
discussion of this matter we can discuss the ob-
taining of executive information, not only on these
"notes," " telegrams," and " documents," but
of kindred subjects connected with them, involv-
ing the disbursement and use of the public money.
«The question which has been discussed before
the House during the greater part of this day
has been upon a certain order for a certain quan-
tity of liquors, and those liquors must have been
paid for by somebody's money; and in the course
of that discussion there has been brought before
the House all the various parties connected with
the matter and with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The broadest latitude of discussion has
been admitted in reference to one member of the
Cabinet, or in reference to the brother of one
memberof the Cabinet, but when I approach an-
other member of the Cabinet an honorable gen-
tleman upon the other side of the House rises
and puts in an objection upon the ground that it
may be offensive to public morals.
Well, sir, I know the narrow limits in which
the strict and rigid rules of order and the keen
eye of the Speaker will be able to confine me in
the course of my remarks. But I assure honor-
able gentlemen upon the other side of the House
it is bad party policy. Ten years ago, here, on the
Whig side of the House, and in the midst of a
Whig representation, I rose on the Galphin mat-
ter, surrounded by my Whig friends, and pro-
tested against the frauds connected with the Gal-
phin claim, and a majority of my Whig friends ten
