992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8."
u $682" and insert " $62 50," so as to make the paragraph
read as follows:
For salary of the minister at Salvador, from April 16,
1863, to June J30,1864. at $7,500 per annum, $9,062 50.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth and tenth amendments:
In line two hundred and fifteen insert after the word
e< for" the words u furniture and for," and in line two hun-
dred and seventeen, after the words u New York," insert the
>void " andso as to make the paiagraph as amended read
as follows:
For the payment of claims due various parties for furni-
ture, and lor the alterations in the offices of the Assistant
Treasurer and collector of eustoms at New York, and tor
constructing burglar-proof vaults, $80,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in these amendments.
The amendments were concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 11, line two hundred and fifty-five, strike out the
following paragraph:
For deficiency to pay for goods furrtished to Peter Boyce,
Indian farm agent at Coon Creek, Utah Territory, in 1859,
$710.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Page 33, line two hundred and eighty-seven, strike out the
words " to supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
support of the light-house establishment, $14,156 65,and
insert in lieu thereof the words tc for rebuilding iight-house
at Cape Charles, Virginia, $20,000."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Page 13, «uthe end of the paragraph" To supply?* deficiency
in the appropriation for ordnance, ordnance stores, labor,
and contingent expenses in the Bureau of Ordnance of the
Navy Department, §2,740,000," add as follows:
Provided, however, That no money shall be paid und<>r
this item of appropriation except for deficiencies actually
existing upon contracts made by the Navy Department.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Page 13, line three hundred and one, strike out " Ports
mouth, New Hampshire," and insert in lieu thereof " Kit-
tery, Maine;" so n< to make,(he paragraph read as follows:
For erecting naval hospital at lvittery, Maine, $25,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Attheendofthe paragraph " For Greeting naval hospital
at Waslnngtoy city, District of Columbia, $25,000," strike
out as follows:
Provided, That neither of said hospitals shall be erected
within the present limits of the navy-yaids ; and the cost of
said hospitals and extension of said asylum shall be paid
out of the accumulated hospital fund.
For furniture, stoves, carpets, cases for records and pa-
pers, fuel, staiioneiy, and contingent expenses, in the othce
of register of deeds for the District of Columbia, $950.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for purchase
of tenth and eleventh volumes Statutes at Large, $3,705.
And inseit in lieu thereof as follows :
To supply a deficiency m the appiopriation for Capitol
police lor the Senate, $4,003 75.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for stationery
for the Senate, $600
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for miscel-
laneous items foi the senate, $20,000: Provided, Thathere-
alter no payment *hall he made from the contingent fund
of either House of Congress, unless the amount is fixed by
law, or the account is previously examined and approved
by Hie appropuate committee; nor shall any payment ever
be made, exeept out of the fund paitieulaily appropriated
for Die puipose; and no tiansfer of balances shall be made
from one fund to another.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Page 15, line three bundled and thirty-six, add as follows:
To enable the Libranan 01 Congress to employ an addi-
tional laborer from February 1 to the end oi the current
fiscal year, $280.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Page 16, line five, strike out the words " the same as the
present Asi^taut becieiaiy of the TieaMiijy'und interna
lieu thereofk< $3,000 per annum so as to make it read us
follows:
Sue. Jlnd be it fuither enacted, That the Picsident
shall appoint in the Treasury Depaitment. by and with tiie
advice and consent of the Senate, an additional Assistant
Sectetary of the Treasury, whose salary shall be $3,000
per annum, who shall peiform a4l such duties in the office
of the Secretary of the Treasury, belonging to that Depart-
ment, as shall be prescribed by the Secretai y of the Treas-
ury, or as may be required by law; &c.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means thought proper to recommend that all
these AssifV.ant Secretaries in the future should
have the same salary. They now have some of
them #4,000, some $3,500, and some $3,000. They
are all officers of the same grade, and should have
the same salary, I therefore move to amend the
amendment of the«Senate by increasing the sal-
ary to $3,500 per annum; and then with a further
amendment below it will be satisfactory to the
committee.
Mr. PIKE. I wish to call the attention of the
committee to the fact that of our Assistant Secre-
taries there are two who receive at this lime the
sum of $4,000—the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy and the Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury. There are two Assistant Secretaries of War,
who receive $3,000 a year each, and an Assistant
Secretary of the Interior and three Assistant Post-
masters General, each receiving $3,000 a year.
This is to increase the pay of these five or six high
officers one sixth, or $500. What necessity there
is for increasing the pay of these officers does not
appear. The duties of many of these officers are
less than what they have been at any previous
time.
Mr. Stevens's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
The amendmentof the Senate was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Add the following:
And that, after the close of the present fiscal year, the
salary of each of the Assistant Secretaries of the seveial
Departments, and of the First Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, shall be $3,500.
Mr. STEVENS. If this amendment is to pre-
vail, and this is for the House to determine, it
ought to be amended by including the Assistant
Attorney General. There is no reason why he
should be left out if the salary of the others is to
be fixed at this rate. I move to insert the Assist-
ant Attorney General, i do this by the direction
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania by add-
'ing these words: "And the Second andThird Aud-
itors of the Treasury.''
Mr. Chairman, the effect would be to increase
the salary of those officers from $3,000 to $3,500 a
year. It is well known that the salary of those
two officers was fixed half a century ago at $3,000.
It has never been increased, while almost every
other salary under the Government has been in-
creased. I think that gentlemen familiar with the
labor of those bureaus will admit that the labor
and responsibility of the heads of these bureaus
are much greater than are devolved on the chief of
any other bureau or on any Assistant Secretary.
The positions of the Second and Third Auditor
require more ability, more experience, and more
integrity, than the duties performed by any of the
various Assistant Secretaries under the Govern-
ment. The business thrown upon these bureaus
by the war is incredible, and no ability or integ-
rity can exceed the demands made by this vast
accumulation on the chiefs to whom this business
is confided. I am not prepared to say that any
of these salaries should l>e increased; indeed, sir,
I have uniformly opposed any increase of sala-
ries; but if it is proper to increase the salaries of
the Assistant Secretaries, I am certain that the
pay of the Second and Third Auditors of the
Treasury should be increased correspondingly.
These Assistant Secretaries have been created
since this Administration came into power. The
Assistant Secretary of the Interior, one of the
most inteliigentand accomplished gentlemen hold-
ing office under the Government, receives a salary
of $3,000, and the proposition is to increase it
to j>3,500. Before this Administration the duties
were performed by the Secretary of the Interior,
and performed well. It was charged again and
again during Buchanan's administration that the
labors of that Department did not justify the pay-
ment of even the salaries then paid in that Depart-
ment. Yet the duties of that Department were
greater than now, for the business of the Depart-
ment has been diminished by the operations of the
war. It may have been necessary, indeed it was
clearly necessary, to create new offices in the
Navy and War Departments, and to the same ex-
tent in the Treasury Department, but it cannot be
in a purely civil Department, where the business
has been diminished and not increased by the war.
Yet it is proposed to increase the salary of this
officer to $3,500. The salary of the Second and
Third Auditor was, as I have said, fixed half a
century ago at $3,000, in consequence of the talent
and experience necessary to the proper discharge
of the duties of those positions. And yet with the
duty tremendously increased no increase is pro-
posed of the salaries of their chiefs, both of whom
are known to be eminently qualified for their re-
sponsible positions. I have no argument to sub-
mit for the increase of salaries. I know of none.
I would reduce many of the salaries; but I do
protest against the discrimination which would
overlook the most laborious of our public ser-
vants, and increase the salary of those whose re-
sponsibility and labors are less, especially in the
present condition of the country.
My proposition is simply this: inasmuch as
it is proposed to increase the salaries of Assistant
Secretaries to $3,500, that the Second and Third
Auditors shall have the benefit of the same in-
crease. And here let me say, sir, that if I would
vote for any increase of salary on the score of the
fitness and ability of the officer, I should certainly
favor the increase of that of the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman from Indiana
to include the Second Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, whom we all know to be one of the most
accomplished and efficient officers under this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman thinks that
it will give strength to my proposition I uccept it.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to say a word in
reference to this proposition to increase the com-
pensation of the Second Assistant Postmaster
General. It is understood that the duties pertain-
ing to the contracts of the Post Office Department
have been transferred to the bureau of the Second
Assistant Postmaster General. His name is in-
cluded in the amendment, and therefore I hope
it will pass. This office is charged with respon-
sible duties, those pertaining to contracts and also
inspection. I hope the amendment will pass, be-
cause I believe it is due to that officer, if we raise
the pay of the First Assistant, that the Second
Assistant should also be included.
Mr. SPALDING. I am entirely willing to
vote for amendments which equalize the compen-
sation; that is, which bring the salaries of some
up to $3,500, and those of others who have §4,000
down to the same sum. Butl am entirely averse
to going in generally for raising salaries, and if
gentlemen press their amendments too far, I shall
be compelled to vote against all the provisions of
the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Is an amendment
in order now ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I give notice that
at the proper time I shall move to strike out the
words "five hundred," which amendment, if
adopted, will leave the salaries at $3,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is the present salary.
Mr. STEVENS. Is not the vote now to be
taken upon the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Indiana to insert the Auditors?
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal to my friend from
Maine [Mr. Pike] to withdraw his amendment,
which 1 accepted, inasmuch as I desire to obtain
a vote directly upon the proposition of increasing
the salary of the Second and Third Auditois. The
gentleman can get a vote upon his amendment
hereafter.
Mr. PIKE. I would like to accommodate my
friend, but I think I had better adhere to my
amendment now.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then, as the amendment is
mine, I will myself modify it so as to include only
the First and Second Auditors.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding at the end of the sentence the
following:
Proiidcd, That none of these officers shall receive more
pay than the salary of a member of Congress until after the
cxpnation of the present war.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
There are two amendments already pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
