2944
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
June 14.
impossible to throw it aside then, but it was hoped
and believed by those who were helping to sus-
tain it for the time being that it would wear away
and finally disappear.
But, sir, as it increased in power, so it acquired
political ascendency; it spread over a vast extent
of country; slavery was the rule and freedom the
exception, and the poor whites under its shadow
were insignificant in comparison with master or
even bondsman. Slave labor became profitable;
it constituted the great labor force, and, what was
still sweeter than all, it gave such a political as-
cendency that it enabled a few States and a com-
paratively few white people to control the Gov-
ernment. X declare, sir, for myself, and no man
is responsible for what I say but myself, that no
Government is republican in form, body, or spirit,
that tolerates such an institution as slavery. I
lay it down as a self-evident truth to my mind,
and if every other- man would take the same
ground there could be no such institution in exist-
ence under the Constitution as we now have it.
But as I am probably alone here in that, view, and
as that construction would not be given by other
men, I prefer that the Constitution be changed m
the respect that is contemplated by this resolution.
For, sir, I would not be willing to trust all men
with the construing of the Constitution in its
many provisions, for fear self-interest and love of
personal aggrandizement would influence in con-
struction instead of a love of equal justice. It
has been claimed in latter years that slavery* is
an institution sanctioned by divine law ana by
the word of God. Ah, sir, those who made that
claim did not read the Scriptures very faithfully,
for they would have found it said even in the Old
Testament that when a servant escapes from his
master he shall nut be relumed to him again; he
shall let him go free:
"Thou sliult not deliver unto hi* master the servant
which \a «f«cnpcd fiom his master unto thee .
" Ho shall dwell with thee, even among you, in that place
which he hhali choose in one of ihy gates, where it Ufceth
him best: thou «halt not oppie?-s lun .'> *
And over and above ail, they forgot the new
covenant, whose Founder told the world that He
came to "fulfill the law."
Hut, sir, it wiil do for old fogy exploded divines
to dwell upon that subject and show the validity
and divine origin of slavery—for such men ay the
one who was voted for for Chaplain of this
House (Bishop Hopkins) at the commencement
ot this sos&ion. The evils of the institution and
the t fleets resulting from those evils are too nu-
merous to mention m a brief hour speech. I
have declared that the institution is anti-repub-
lican, and that no Government which tolerated it.
could be in form, body, or spirit a republican
Government. Why, sir, men have wtood upon
this floor, prior to the rebellion, who represented
States that had more slaves than free white in-
habitants, and 1 instance South Carolina as one
of those States. Those slaves have no political
or civil rights, and yet every five of them are
equal to three white persons, giving a represent-
ation on this floor to four hundred thousand
skives, not one of whom has in the State or nation
a voice or a vote, and who can enjoy no civil or
political lights any more than the horse and ox
winch his master owns. Two hundred thou-
sand white inhabitants and five hundred thousand
slaves—equal to three hundred thousand whites
—would give five hundred thousand inhabitants
to be lepresented in the State; and, under the iu!e
giving one member of Congress to every one
hundred thousand inhabitants, that would give
to a State having only two hundred thousand !
white inhabitants five Representatives on this I
floor. That is not republicanism, sir. That is !
unti-republicanism. it is the very worst kind of
a Government imaginable. It isdcspotism to the
extent of the slave representation—a cruel, brutal
despotism.
Mr. Speaker, the people of the South have
been extremely cunning in the argument of this
question whenever it "has been raised. When-
ever the spirit of free discussion has arisen, and
the question of slavery has been debated, they
■who were in favor of the abolition of slavery were
told that they were m favor of giving to the slaves
the civil nghts that white people had, the polit-
ics! rights, and not only that but the social rights.
The latter point was pressed with more vehe-
mence than all the others. And while they have-
pressed that as an argument why slavery should
not be annihilated, the secret with the South in
holding fast to slavery has been the political
power which it has given them in this Govern-
ment. There is the charm; there is the fascina-
tion. It is power, political power. That is what
they have held to.
The member from NewYork who lastaddressed
the House [Mr. Fernando Wood] said a most
beautiful thing, but, sir, he put it to extremely
wrong use: "The best Government is that which
governs least." I agree with him in the truism.
The Government that does away with slavery as
an institution does away with the mostinfamous
system of government that was ever instituted
on God's earth. It does away with a system
which makes the man who domineers a cruel
taskmaster. It does away with a system which
perverts the judgment of him as master and pan-
ders to the basestpropensities of the human heart.
It is a perpetual, never-dying despotism. And I
will join with the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Fernando Wood,] and all others who will,
in perpetuating all over the country that truism
which he has uttered. I would have the. voice of
freedom and free discussion and the song of free-
dom go South, and the other song of the lash and
the clanking of chains should recede as these two
advanced. Such would be the consequence of car-
rying out the truism which the gentleman has
published here to-day.
Sir, I was speaking of slaves. They are prop-
erty. They are held as such; that is, when we
acknowledge the institution as a legal and right-
ful one between man and man. But I deny that,
in right and justice, such an institution can exist.
Hut, sir, the argument is that in States the insti-
tution exists. If it be so, human beings are prop-
erty; and the five hundred thousand slaves are
nothing hut property in the estimate as between
man and man. And yet, sir, when the Repre-
sentative leaves his State and comes into this Hall,
thefivi* hundred thousand slaves in his Stale count
as three hundred thousand inhabitants, and the
State sends here three members, on property
owned in human beings over whom they exer-
cise absolute control as property, whom they can
buy and sell. But here they stand and talk about
the. rights of freemen, the rights of free speech,
the sovereignty of States, and the rights of their
constituents. It is an institution, sir, which has
its pens where humanity is herded like cattle,and
hay its block in market where human beings are
bought and sold. And that is claimed to be re-
publicanism. It is a republicanism, sir, which is
born of hell, not of earth, or of above the earth,
ft is an institution which is now at war with this
Government, and which will destroy it if it can.
And svo on this side of the House propose to do
away with it m the way poinledout by the Con-
stitution, or so to amend the Constitution that it
cannot exist when peace is restored; £nd they
cavil at it on the other side of the House. That
shows, Mr. Speaker, how hollow theirargunvuHs
are and how insincere their purposes and pre-
tenses.
Now, sir, as to the political power exercised
by this institution. Shivery wished that there
should be a line of latitude between freedom and
slavery; and it gave us the Missouri compromise
m 18:20. It was legitimate, below a certain line,
to hold slaves; above it it was unlawful. Great
principles of human right were to be bounded by
lines of latitude and longitude. I cannot enumer-
ate all the opportunities it has sought to exercisc
power, and all the wrong it has-done.
But what has been done by the Government,
under the dictation of the slave power, at certain
well-known peiiods? In 1850 the State which I
have the honor in part to represent upon this floor
could not be adihitted into this Union except
through an infamous compromise. The fugitive
sLue law had to be tacked on and made a partof
the bundle. I tell gentlemen on the other side of
the House that the Congress then in session, and
the Executive who occupied the presidential chair
at that day, did more mischief, more toward
bringing about the condition of things we have
suffered and endured, and which we are now suf-
fering in agony, than any one public act ever
done in this country. It was the low, crouching,
and mean subserviency of great political parties
to the encroachments,arrogance,and aggressions
of the slave power.
In 1854 the votaries of the slave power with
few exceptions demanded that the Missouri com-
promise line should be obliterated, and that demand
was yielded to. Some of the older and far-seeing
ones were fearful when that line was removed that
free institutions and free labor in the struggle for
supremacy would get the advantage of the slave
power. And their fears were not without foun-
dation.
The struggle in Kansas during the last Admin-
istration is an illustration of the fallacy of human
judgment and human intention, for those men
who desired the admission of Kansas as a slave
State had the whole power of the Government to
aid them. They had not only the civil but the
military power to aid in subduing the people and
bringing them to terms. It was all of no avail.
When the Lecompton constitution came before
Congress slavery sugared it all over in order to
make it a sweet morsel and palatable to the throats
of that people. They told them in the English
bill, so infamous, that if they would accept that
constitution they might come in as a State with
what population they then had. Not only that,
but that they should have all of the salt springs
and five per cent, of the receipts of the sale of the
public lands in their State. This was the bribe
which they were offered to induce them to accept
that constitution; and if Kansas should refuse the
offer admission should be postponed until she had
the population the census required. In 1858,after
that turmoil in which the Lecompton constitu-
tion was attempted to be foiced upon them, the
people took n vote on it and refused to accept the
humiliating imposition by an overwhelming ma-
jority. They became a free people and a free
State. In that movement slavery was defeated.
It has controlled political paities. Its power
has been so great that all political parties have
been compelled to bend the knee to it. In 1850,
in the passage of the fugitive slave law, the two
2;reat parties of the country, the Democratic and
Whig, were represented in the infamous trans-
action. They joined their handy in infamous fel-
lowship, a Democratic Congress passing it and
a Whig Executive approving it. And in 1860
there was no political party that did not tolerate
and acknowledge the status of this institution of
slavery. There was not a national party that had
a candidate for the Presidency butacknowledged
the right to hold slaves as property in a State.
It could have no footing unless it did so. The
present Executive took his seat in the presiden-
tial chair with the recognition of thenghtof every
State to have the institution of slaveiy inviolate
by Federal action. And yet, sir, slavery arro-
gantly insisted that the Government was aggress-
ive in its policy. In 1856 it demanded non-in-
tervention ,and in the Cincinnati convention non-
intervention was made a part of its platform. In
1860, at Charleston, it demanded intervention,
and because there was not a yielding and knock-
ing under to that demand it divided the Demo-
cratic party, and ran its candidate upon that prop-
osition. And then, notwithstanding the pledge
of every party that the institution of slavery was
a recognized institution of the different States
whose State constitutions allowed its existence,
and which every State government could have
within its limits, it made war upon this Govern-
ment for the reason that it would not acknowl-
edge the grasping policy which it demanded.
And gentlemen aigue here that we are waging
war upon the South. It is a falsehood m fact,
yet not intended as such, because some as good
men as are here, men whom I know to be as col-
lect ay can be upon this subject, still talk on this
subject as though the Government was waging
war upon the South.
Mr. Speaker, I commend to the attention of
every member of this House for his perusal and
study a report that was made in the Thirty-Sixth
Congress in the session of 1860-G1. It is the re-
port of a select committee of five, appointed on
the 9th of January, and to whom was referred
the special messages of the President and sundry
other papers. On the 28th of February, 1861,
that committee submitted a report, and I will
read from it an extract to be found upon page 3:
" SuJf-pre^crvation h the fust law of a nation. The
power to defend its implements of self-pie-etvatt'm one
of the clearest of all its powers. We cannot conceive of
a nation without the power to build and delend lorts and
all implements of war within its own jurisdiction. And
yet ssee^asion claim* to have sei^od. \\ ithni f-isty days,
