1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
mi!
fraternize. Nor is it owing to English subjuga-
tion, for Ireland is no more subjugated to Eng-
land than Massachusetts is to New York. She
is a part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
possessing the same rights as any other part, with
a proportionate representation in Parliament and
all departments of Government English people
arid Irish people do not think alike. That is the
trouble. They differ in religion—adifference that
more than anything else has been the cause of pop-
ular estrangement throughout the world. They
have each a long independent national history, full
of glorious traditions; and national thoughts and
feelings, long flowing in aparticulardirection,cut
their channels rudely, but deep, and do not read-
ily follow new though better channels of political
science. These differences of sentiment are only
removed by years, perhaps centuiies, of political
and social intercourse. But in the case of Ireland
this necessary intercourse was cut off by an inter-
vening sea, a sea that under the old system of
navigation was as wide, almost, as an ocean in
our day. The same or similar things may be said
of Poland and Hungary. They had even a greater
difference in language, and in the case of Poland
there was a wide difference in the form of govern-
ment. Having been accustomed to a kind of re-
public, she was placed under the control of a solid,
silent, cast-iron, absolute monarchy. There is
no analogy between these countries and ours. All
our States prefer a government republican in
form. Even the insurgent States adopted a con-
stitution almost exactly like the one they at-
tempted to abandon. We have thesame national
history. Whatever there may be in the past,
either of suffering or achievement, worthy to be
remembered or cherished is the common property
and pride of all the States. We follow thesame
fashions, speak the same language, and worship
at the same altar. No mountains, no seas divide
us. On the contrary the shape of your territory
and the course of your livers are of themselves a
revelation that the Union of the States is an ordi-
nance of God.
We have but one cause of estrangement, the
difference of opinion upon the subject of slavery.
Upon that subject can the North and the South
be induced to think alike? Can the North be
induced to sanction slavery and think with the
South, or can the South be induced to abandon
slavery and think with the North? Either course
would accomplish the purpose. Is either practical,
and if so, which is most practical? For I will not
now ask which is most just. Many persons
will not consider these questions because they
think there is an easier and better way. Let the
North and the South, say they, agree to disagree
about slavery, each section retaining and acting
upon its own opinions unmolested by the other.
This theory is plausible; it involves no expens-
ive and troublesome change. I blame no one
for adopting it, for I am myself one of its afore-
time believers. I never could bring my mind to
doubt its practicability until I actually saw the
dissatisfied States go out. Even when warned
in advance that these States would secede unless
the Noith suppressed their own views of slavery
and adopted or silently acquiesced in the views
of the South, I confess I was incredulous. I
still believed we could hold the Union together
and each section retain and utter its own senti-
ments. But the moment the people decided that
a man holding the sentiments of the North was
not thereby disqualified to hold a Federal office,
secession followed. Experience, that high-priced
school in which it is said the dumbest learn, has
taught its lesson. The theory has failed upon
trial. Each section, I know, charges the failure
lo the other. " You wrote and spoke and agi-
tated against slavery," says the South, "and
thus irritated and maddened our people into re-
bellion;" "and you," says the North, "annexed
Texas and tried to annex Cuba for the sake of
slavery, and insisted upon extending it to Cali-
fornia and Kansas, and thus forced us to discuss
its merits." Blame whom you please, the slave-
holders, the abolitionists, or both; the fault was
in the theory. It was not possible to ignore a
Kreat subject like slavery, connected, as it was,
with all out business and all our politics, in this
busy- thinking, many-tongued Republic.
The Democratic party North that clung to this
theory so long, and sacrificed to it so much ox
party ascendency, acting, quite likely, from pa-
triotic motives, are very slow to comprehend and
accept its fallacy, now so clearly demonstrated,
although they were the prophets of its failure.
They cannot see, they say, why slavery and free-
dom cannot coexist in the same country. Why,
sir, they can coexist, but not in a country of un-
licensed presses and uncensored debates without
provoking discussions on many questions of con-
flicting interest, and this discussion they concede,
nay, they charge, provokes rebellion. The re-
volted States, knowing that discussion was irre-
pressible, and fearing that it was inimical to their
institution, gathered up their slave investments
and walked out of the Union, leaving their old
allies doubly amazed—amazed to see the theory
in which they had so long believed fail, and the
prophecy of its failure, in which they never did
believe, fulfilled. A witty iSemocrat, in speaking
of this prophecy by one party and its denial by
the other, said to me the other day there was
this difference between us, " You lied when you
thought you were speaking the truth, and we
spoke the truth when we thought we were lying,"
They are still bewildered. I can think of no apter
comparison than a hen with a double brood of
chickens and ducks. Sometimes they try by
tender clucking to call back to the peaceful shore
the brood of secessionists, hatched by their false
theories of State sovereignty and concessions to
the slave power, and again they flutter to the wa-
ter's edge and contemplate embarking with them
upon the chill waves of revolution. The wild
ducks of the South took readily to thisdangerous
element, but so far their twin-hatched chickens
have been content to cackle on land.
But to come back to the point. Our fathers,
say the advocates of this theory, lived in peace
upon the same principle; a precedent is always
good with a lawyer and if our fathers lived in
peace if only for half a century upon this com-
promise, we can certainly follow their example.
But those who cite the precedent mistake the facts
in the case. The compromise of our fathers was,
that slavery should be tolerated for a time with
the understanding that it should be gradually re-
linquished. They did not expect both ideas,
slavery and freedom, to go hand in hand through-
out the whole life of the Republic. Slavery was
to recede slowly and freedom follow steadily.
Upon that basis they did get along very well,
and so could we. Territorial acquisitions and
certain discoveries in the material arts, as it is
said, changed the attitude of slavery altogether.
Instead of consenting to go out, it demanded ex-
pansion and perpetuity. Instead of remaining
subordinate itclaimed to be the national idea and
denounced freedom as sectional. This was just
reversing the compromise of our fathers, and of
course it had to be discussed, and at this the slave
interest took umbrage and resorted to secession
and war. If, then, these two systems cannot
coexist without causing discussion, and slavery
will not brook discussion, it is clear we cannot
have a voluntary reunion unless one sentimentor
the other becomes predominant. The North and
the South mustlearn to think alike upon this sub-
ject, or agree to submit their differences to general
and free debate, taking no appeal from popular
legislation, and judicial action and decision, ex-
cept according to the forms of the Constitution,
or, upon a rehearing, to ask the second sober
thought of the people upon any point supposed
to be settled wrong. But the slave interest, an-
ticipating unfavorable action and therefore refus-
ing to abide by the decisions of this constitutional
umpire, leaves us no alternative. To live in peace
together we must embrace slavery or they must
abandon it.
" Homogeneity,"said Jeff. DavisatMoutgom-
ery. His opinion, I know, is very poorailthonty
with this House, but 1 believe he has thought
more profoundly upon this subject than any mud-
dle-brained advocate of mixture in the country.
His head is clear though his heart is cold. Just
the reverse is true of those well meaning and per-
haps patriotic gentlemen with us who still be-
lieve in the union of opposites and the harmony
of extremes; their hearts are tender and so are
their heads.
If, then, likeness of sentiment is the surest bonu
of a permanent and peaceful Union, which can be
most easily adopted as the national standard, sla-
very or freedom ? To adopt slavery involves a
change of opinion on the part of a great many
people, twenty, millions in the free States alone;
for slavery never had any real friends in the free-
States. Those who aresomeumessoconsidered
were only its apologists. How can you change
the opinions of twenty or thirty million peo-
ple? Remember, sir, that opinions are not vol-
untary things, to be taken -up. and laid down at
pleasure. The mind deals in proofs; Belief fol-
lows evidence. But if three years..agOvslavery
could find no real admirers in the free States, who
will be its champions now, since it has crowned
its many alleged offenses against the rights of
man with this bloody treason against the mild-
est and most beneficent Government in the world*
Many, I am sure, who took its dark hand then 
not in friendship, but only in token of'constitu-
tional obligation, will recoil from it now in hor-
ror when they see it extended reddened with the
blood of our thousands slain. On the other hand;
trf adopt freedom as the national idea, involves
only a change of investment. That may not be
easy, it will be attended with loss,-trouble, and
sacrifice; but still it is possible, while a change
of opinion without new proofs is not. It is from
this view of the case that thousands of men for-
merly pro-slavery from principle and practice,'
have become an ti-slavery from Union poliey. Li v-
ingin slave States, they did notregard thetnsiitu-
tion as immoral, and therefore sanctioned it. Bat
when they saw it used by anti-republicans and
disguised monarchists for the subversion of pop-
ular liberty and the division of this Government
—a Goveinment weak, indeed, when in conflict
with the feelings of its honest citizens, butal ways
majestically sirong when its flag was assailed—
into two insignificant, Wrangling, and hostile na-
tionalities, they rose above local prejudices and
State policy and personal interest, and said to
anti-slavery men and patriotic men everywhere,
we will join you to save our country, to over-
throw the rebellion, and to break into fragments
the stone upon which itis built. For the present
extinguish the great conflagration-; for the future
remove the inflammable material from which it
was kindled. For the present seize the mad rev-
olutionists of the South; for the future destroy the
virus that poisoned their blood.
in the debate here a few days ago, the consist-
ency ofsomegentlemen from theloyal slave States
who were said to be moderate emancipationists
many years ago, and are only moderately so now,
was contrasted with the alleged changes of their
more radical colleagues. Gentlemen who boast
of theirconsistency seem often to forget that there
is such a thing as being upon different sides of
the same question at different times and each time
right. The question itself often changes sides.
I can very well understand how a citizen ofa slave
State many years ago giving little attention to the
morality of the institution might full in with the
settled policy of his section and decline to disturb
the harmony of his neighborhood by what might
seem to him then the unnecessary or untimely
introduction of abolition agitation^ and yet now
become an earnest and honest emancipationist jn
the belief that emancipation alone could preserve
the unity of the country. There is such a thing
as being right in the wrong time and wrong in
the right time, I do not say that those who in-
troduced emancipation in the slave Stales many
years ago were right in the wrong time, but sure
J am that all such gentlemen who retard emancipa-
tion now are wrong in the right time. But this plan
of Union does not necessarily involve immediate
emancipation, and I thereforejiailall whose labors
tend, however slow, to the general result as co-
workers for a voluntary and peaceful reunion of
all the Slates.
In these remarks 1 have confined myself to a
single point, the presentation of slavery as an ele-
ment of discoid and disunion, and as such asked
iis removal. I have waived its inhumanity to the
slave, its corruption of the master, its injustice
to white labor, its impoverishment of the soil, its
intolerance in politics, its despotism in govern-
ment, its inconsistency in all things. Advocating
State sovereignty, it blots out ail divisions of its
empire, molds all its States into a single power,
and calls it the " South." Professing liberality,
it yet proscribes from the lowest office the most
exalted patriotism, the most brilliant abilities, the
highest learning, and the purestintegrity, if found
blended with the slightest compassion for the
slave. Claiming to be law-abiding, the mob, the
