1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2947
rantable arbitrary arrests? Is it not because
they fear the verdict of the people upon such an
issue directly raised? The Constitution prohibits
the infliction of cruel and unusual punishment
upon actually guilty parties; and what can be said
in mitigation of the incarceration of citizens in a
dungeon as a punishment for a casual remark or
for no conceivable offense whatever, upon mere
frivolous charges preferred by irresponsible par-
ties ? The Constitution also provides for the free-
dom of the press. Why aie we not asked to
amend it so as to prohibit such freedom? "Will
they dare do it? No,and yet they have not hesi-
tated to setrthe constitutional guarantee utterly at
naught. Why, one of the mam planks of the
platform upon which the Administration party
rode into power was the assertion of the freedom
of the press, and yet see how they have disre-
garded their promises and pledges. Have we not
been made the scorn and laughing-stock of the
civilized world, from the fact that, with all our
boasted freedom, our press is muzzled to an ex-
tent scarcely paralleled in any age or country
since the ait of piinting was discovered? Is it
not on pain of extinction that our public journals
are compelled to refrain from giving utterance to
their opinions and obliged to remain silent, while
stupid and stupendous lies are daily perpetrated
and circulated by parties who,affecting to be par
excellence the friends of the Union,are influenced
by purposes of plundering or stock-jobbing oper-
ations, or both? Has not the suspension of the
two journals alluded to before, and known as the
Journal of Commerce and the World, by order
of the President, and placing a military guard in
possession of the premises, presses, and printing
materials, been of a character to alarm every
freeman and justly excite his apprehension for
the liberty of the press in the future' Have the
American people already become so familiar with
the perpetration of kindred acts that they cease
to warn them of approaching danger? I hope
and trust the people have not yet become so in-
different and have so tamely submitted to these
attempts to trample upon or abrogate their sacred
rights guarantied by the Constitution as to have
suffered them to be taken away without opposi-
tion, or have deservedly lost their title to them
by default. The despotic theory that " the king
can do no wrong" can never be recognized by
Americans nor its practice tolerated on American
eoil.
If the publication of the bogus proclamation
was what it is claimed to have been, a criminal
transgression of law, the offending parties should
have been arrested on a warrant issued by acivil
magistrate and taken before him for a hearing,
been allowed an opportunity to answer,and if able
establish their innocence and show that they
were not guilty of the offenses charged against
them. This privilege was denied, though it was
soon discovered that they did notcommit norin-
tend to commit any wrong, and that they were
simply the victims of a base and fraudulent im-
position. Had these papers been published in
the interest of the Administration they might
not have received such harsh treatment. The
actually guilty party who had committed the act
was soon discovered, arrested, and taken to that
celebrated Government boarding-house, " Fort
La Fayette," where he should be kept for the
good of the country and the improvement of his
morals; but 1 am informed he is soon to bo lib-
erated and will be once more at large, free to
again play his pranks at any moment upon some
unsuspecting victim. Like the fox he may lose
his hair, but I doubt if, like the fox, he ever loses
his tricks. He was an attendant at Beecher's
church; a prominent member, nay, I believe the
president of one of the numerous loyal leagues;
and if true, as I am led to believe, that it is to
these circumstances he will owe his speedy lib-
eration, he will prove to have been much moie
fortunate than other and, in my opinion, much
better citizens and purer patriots.
At the time of the suppression of the journals
named many if not all the employes of the Inde-
pendent Telegraph Company were deprived of
their liberties, under circumstances, if possible,
more to be regretted by the people. These men
were incarcerated in a dungeon upon a mere sus-
picion that possibly they could have been guilty
of transmitting this notorious bogus proclamation
over the wires of the company in whose employ
they were. Their innocence was shortly after
established beyond even a shadow of a doubt,
and had to be admitted by the very parties who,
under color of authority, so ruthlessly deprived
them of their liberties. No amends can be made
for the injury done by such unauthorized assump-
tion and exercise of arbitrary power, and it
should, therefore, not be allowed to pass un-
noticed, but be properly rebuked, and receive at
least the merited indignation of every lover of
freedom, and of all those who have any regard
for the fundamental law and the observance of
ita mandates.
The placing of a military guard over the prop-
erty of the company and depriving them of its use
for the time being, is yetanotheractdone without
authority and in clearviolation of the Constitution.
It maynot be as deplorable in its results; but that
does not justify it nevertheless. The pecuniary
loss occasioned by these unlawful proceedings
I admit can be restored, but nothing can be done
to blot them out. I am informed that it is the
intention to give the company some of the Gov-
ernment patronage hitherto exclusively bestowed
upon then- rivals in business. But notwithstand-
ing all this, what a sad page the recital of these
wrongs will fill in the history of our country.
Let us not, for Heaven's sake, tamper with the
Constitution. We have a work of more import-
ance to perform; let us try and do it; yes, do it
manfully, and not hesitate; let us see that the
Constitution is respected in future; let us insist
upon the proper enforcement of its provisions at
all times and in all places, high or low; and let us
not be deterred from inflicting condign punish-
ment upon him who has the presumption to dare 1
to violate or disregard it.
Let us talk no more about amending the Con-
stitution to attempt to free the negroes. Are we
not warned by the signs of the times, lest in so
doing we may not only lay the foundation for
enslaving the white people of this country, but
of the whole American continent beyond redemp-
tion and for all time to come ?
Mr. Speaker, I repeat that on no occasion when
the purposes of those administering the Govern-
ment have seemed to them to demand it, have they
hesitated to infringe upon and disregard the Con-
stitution. Not only by their acts, but in number-
less instances by the teachings of those who are
recognized as expounders and exponents of their
views,have they asserted tliatwheretheConstitu-
tion stood in the way ofthe carrying into effectof
their policy the Constitution mustgive way. This
is the doctrine daily preached by that pulpit politi-
cian , Henry Ward Beecher, and the worthies who
affiliate with him in political sentimentand action.
And no one will question that they are the very
apostle.s ofthe political faith of the partisans in
power. This same Mr. Beecher, in 1863, said in
Plymouth church in speaking ofthe Constitution,
ii 1 know it is said that the President is not the
Government. What!" he exclaimed, "asheep-
skin parchment a Government!" doubtless pre-
suming the assemblage to be in unison with him
in sentiment. Why, sir, this is as much a sub-
stitution of the mere will of the Administration in
place ofthe written law as the most arbitrary
despot in history has ever dared to exercise.
It was for no more daring assertion of kingly
prerogative and usurpation of power that Charles
I of England lost his head upon the scaffold.
Louis XIV of France, when he arrogantly de-
clared, "The State—I am the State," and acted
upon that declaration, scarcely went further than
this new doctrine, which boldly announces that
the Constitution may be violated upon the pre-
text that, in the opinion of the President, it is
necessary to do so to preserve the Union. Louis
had the Bastile, in which by a summary process,
secretly and without trial, those who dared to
criticise or oppose his policy were incarcerated.
The Administration have Fort La iayette in
which, for no greater offenses, American citizens
have been subjected to similar treatment. History,
we are told, repeats itself; and the parallel I have
cited would seem to be an illustration of the truth
of the saymg. Let those having charge of tne
Government beware that the parallel is not earned
still further. Louis Philippe restrained the freedom
of the French press, and went so far as to attempt
to prohibit the right of the citizens peacefully to
assemble in public meeting, and the result was
that ho was forced to fly the country, not dis-
guised in a long military cloak and Scotch cap, it
is true, but in the loose blouse and overalls of a
Parisian hod-carrier. Let the Administration,
then, I. repeat, be warned in time, for there are
limits beyond which it is not safe to trench upon
the rights even of a people so patient as those of
the United States have shown themselves to be.
Already the indignant mutterings of the peo-
ple at the repeated gross violation of freedom of
speech and discussion are to be heard coming up
in tones that should give most significant warn-
ing that the limit of endurance has been reached
Why is there this apparent hesitancy at this
moment to treat the Constitution in regard to the
institution of slavery as they have treated it in
respect to the points to which I have referred?
There was no hesitancy to violate that sacred in-
strument in the case of the emancipation procla-
mation and confiscation acts. And why this new-
born delicacy and reluctance manifested in the
present request to go through the form of its
amendment ? Is it because the old love and rever-
ence for the Constitution once so universal among
us has been resuscitated, or because the majority
here repent of its many wanton violations on
their part? No, sir; I can give them credit for
no such reform and repentance. It is an attempt
to replenish again their almost exhausted stock of
political capital by creating a new issue based
upon the slavery question before the people, in
the hope of renewing again that agitation upon
the turbulent waves of which they were swept
into the power which they have so deplorably
abused.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, permit me to ap-
peal to gentlemen of the Opposition to pause and
reflect. Let me remind them that the country
has little to hope for the future unless the war
and its speedy and successful termination be not
made the primary and unceasing object of all our
efforts. Let us, I beseech you, thus occupy our
attention, and leave this carping about consti-
tutional amendments and other measures of like
character to be disputed about and disposed of
hereafter. Is not the war still the question of
all questions pressing upon our consideration'
Alas! no one can deny it. Let our earnest effort
then be to unite in the endeavor to secure an
early and honorable termination thereof. Above
all let us not be led astray by a desire for mere
partisan success, and thus, through party strife,
place additional barriers in the way of the con-
summation that our people so fervently desire.
Let our aim be to restore the country to its former
happy condition; but, if unsuccessful, let us at
least maintain our great charter inviolate. Let
us heed the lesson which history teaches us, that
it is wisest always to leave well enough alone.
Mr. SHANNON obtained the floor.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (H.R.
No. 486) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a temporary government for the Territory of
Idaho," approved March 3,1863; and an act (H.
R. No. 504) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell the marine hospital and grounds
at Chicago, Illinois, and to purchase a new site
and build a new hospital; when the Speaker
signed the same.
The hour of five o'clock p. m. having arrived,
the House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
evening session.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
indian appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the Indian appropriation bill, returned
from the Senate with amendments, was taken
from the Speaker's table and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
ways and means.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for an order to hetfe printed
some amendments which I propose to offer to tne
bill ofthe House (No. 515) to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government.
There being no objection, the order to print wns
made.
