2MS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 14j
ABOLITION OF SLAYEJIY.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the joint resolution of the Senate proposing
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, on which the gentleman from California
[Mr. Shannon] was entitled to the floor,
Mr. WHEELER. With the permission of
the gentleman from California I desire to present
an amendment to the resolution, which I shall
offer at the proper time.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to the resolution the following:
Provided, That this.arnoie shall not apply to the States
of Kentucky, Missouri, Delaware, and Maryland until after
the expiration of ten yeais from the time tlie same shall be
ratified.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask consent to print an
argument on this subject which I am unable to
deliver.'
There was no objection, and leave was granted.
[The speech will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. SHANNON. Before proceeding with my
remarks, I desire to say that 1 have -given my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Ingersom,] half of my
time. He is a new member, and was not aware
that he would have an opportunity to speak until
late this evening, and could not prepare his re-
marks before to-morrow morning. 1 trust, there-
fore, that under these circumstances he will be
permitted to occupy half of my time to-morrow
instead of this evening.
There was no objection.
Mr. SHANNON. Mr. Speaker, 1 am not ad-
dicted to boring this House with set speeches,
and nothing save the deep conviction I feel of the
importance of the question now pending would
induce me on this occasion to occupy time m these
closing days of the session. But, sir, I would
not do justice to the constituency I represent were
1 not to place upon the record my protest and
their protest against this rebellion and its unholy
cause.
It will not, f trust, be necessary in this, the
fourth year of our struggle, to press upon this
lluuse proof that slavery is alone responsible for
this war. No man who has read carefully the
history of the past eighty years, whatever may
ho his political bias, will, 1 think, differ with tins
opinion. It is now our province to inquire
whether that curse can be perpetuated with safety
to American freedom and national unity, and if
we find that it cannot,.it will then become our
duty to see to it that for the future it shall not
exist as an element of disruption and disintegra-
tion in our midst.
Sir, the apothegm "liberty regulated by law"
expresses my idea of the spirit of American in-
stitutions. it is that condition of the people
wherein each is at liberty to regulate his own do-
mestic affairs according to his own judgment or
caprice, only being caieful that those laws which
protect the rights of his neighbor from infringe-
ment must not be violated. Slavery is inconsist-
ent with this condition; it makes the many sub-
ject to the few, makes the laborer the mere tool
of the capitalist, and centralizes the political
power of tlie nation. Yet, sir, this centralization
is not such as that which gave Russia her solid-
ity and despotic greatness; ltjg that cheaper arti-
cle from which " petty lords and feudal despots"
spring. It draws around the slave-owning nabob
all the petty trappings of the feudal system, and
docs not hesitate to assume like political powers.
Its slaves are numbered as people to be repre-
sented, yet considered before the law as soulless
beasts of burden. The man who owns five hun-
dred slaves figures in the tables of representation
as the equal of thiee hundred non-slaveholders.
In plain Saxon, Mr. Speaker, the half-witted
heir to a plantation stocked with five hundred
negroes, located in a slave State, has just the
same voice in this Hall as have three hundred of
your constituency, even though my friends on
the opposite side should move into your district.
Much was said a few years ago on this floor
and elsewhere about higher law, and men were
branded \frith every opprobrious epithet who be-
lieved that slavery should be amenable to a law
higher than constitutions or human enactments.
Sir, the statesman of the North was not responsi-
ble for that doctrine; the Commonwealth of Ken-
tacky has adopted it as a part of her organic act.
The constitution uf that State, adopted in 1850,
contains this leniaikable sentence:
u That the rightof property is before and higher than any
constitutional sanction ; that the right of the owner of a
slave to such slave and its increase is the same3 and as
inviolable, as the right of the owner of any other property
whatever."
Now, sir, any gentleman who will turn to
article thirteen, section three, of that instrument
will see that 1 do not misquote the people of Ken-
tucky when I assert that with them slavery as-
sumes to exist by a "higher law" than the con-
stitutions of our fathers. " He that is not for
us is against us." Slavery is by its own decla-
rations iu antagonism to our Constitution, and
for that reason, if for no other, I would oppose
its continuance.
Sir, slavery rolls back the car of civilization,
and brings us once more to the feudal age, giving
us that system with all of its iniquities, and yet
without its claims to respectability. Can such a
system be legitimate fruit growing upon the tree
of liberty planted by our patriot fathers and
watered by their blood ? Is it not rather a poison-
ous parasite which clings to the sides of the tree,
sucking up its sap, smothering its foliage, and
sure in the end to destroy it? For my own part
I could never understand why the owner of slaves
should be entitled to more political weight than
the man who earns his daily bread by his daily
toil.
I conceive, sir, that that nation is greatest the
largest proportion of whose people are educated,
possessed of the comforts of life, and are en-
dowed with citizenship. Let the voting masses
of any country be composed of an independent
yeomanry the majority of whom are freeholders
of moderate yet sufficient estate, let them be fairly
schooled, intelligent,each one bearing a fair share
of the responsibilities of the Government, and
that nation will be healthy; more, sir, it will be
great in a nobler sense than Rome was great.
Small farms, small towns, manufacturing com-
munities and villages, rather than cities or large
estates, are among the conditions of true national
greatness. To each of these slavery is in an-
tagonism. It revels in extensive plantations,
seeks to deprive those who are not citizens of ed-
ucation, independence, and the comforts of life,
and by increasing the proportion of slaves re-
duces the number of its citizens to the smallest
possible point. With it the statesmanship that la-
bors to secure " the greatest good to the greatest
number" is inverted, and the greatestgood to the
smallest number is substituted.
Slavery and barbarism are identical. There
was no enormity perpetrated in the darkest age
or among the rudest people which it does not
sanction. Every form of incest is common in
this, that assumes to be a paternal relation. Even
polygamy is degraded by it to promiscuous pros-
titution. Now, sir, I love the white racc too
well willingly to see their blood miscegenating
with the African, and must protest against any
institution, however patriarchal, under which
such things are profitable, and too generally, on
that account, called respectable.
It has been asserted, and even in some cases
by divines otherwise respectable, that this thing,
slavery, was of divine origin. I shall not stop,
nor have I patience, to discuss those texts in holy
writ which are said to favor this view, but shall
content myself with remembering the one great
test by which the divinity of all doctrines must
be weighed: "By their fruits ye shall know
them." Who will dare make, in this enlightened
nge, the assertion that the fruits of slavery are
divine? What divinity,pray,m tliatcondition of
affairs where men and women are compelled to
labor illy fed, more illy clothed, and. unpaid, to
the end that one, no better before God, should
live in ease and without labor? What divinity
in whipping women for protesting when their
virtue is assailed? What divinity in tearing from
the mother's arms the sucking child, and selling
them to different and distant owners-1 Where is
there one fruit of this tree that any man will dare
to call divine?
Mr. Speaker, I have no respect for clergymen
who so far forget the sacredness of their high
calling as to give utterance to such a dogma.
The man who preaches such stuff and believes it,
if there is one such, I cannot help looking upon
as a fool; the more intelligent the man who gives
it utterance, the less do I respect him; for a fuol
may be pitied, a hypocrite must be despised.
Slavery divine, indeed ! Is its divinity attested
by its unbridled licentiousness, or by its degra-
dation of labor; by its destruction of every family
tie, or its prostitution of both races in prohibiting
its victims from acquiring that knowledge which
would enable them to read God's holy word?
Where, then, are the fruits of its growing
which proclaim it as emanating from on high?
Shame on the blasphemy which would saddle
such an accursed institution upon the God of love
and mercy! Man could heap no greater contu-
mely upon his Maker than toattribute so unholy
a thing to Heaven,
But, sir, some of these learned churchmen who
find it profitable to advocate the divinity of sla-
very may conceive that this thievish rebellion is
a bud of hope suggestive of a coming confederacy
that shall prove to be a divine fruitage. Perhaps,
sir, the grand dream of a confederacy whose cit-
izens should be above the vulgar necessity of toil?
and who should, every man of them, luxuriate in
the enjoyment of a fat office, or rejoice in the
possession of a princely revenue, would prove
the disease which gave birth to the Utopian dream,
as being born of Heaven.
A. H. Stephens declared that the confederacy
had slavery for its corner-stone. Mad brains had
conceived the idea that a nation could be builded
up all of whose citizens—not all of its people—
should be free gentlemen and ladies, free not only
to act as their own refined instincts might dictate
in their intercourse with each other,but the male
portion, at least, free to follow those same in-
stincts into the descending cycle where the dusky
damsels who are an integral part of this corner-
stone might pander to their laziness and lust. It
was to be a government whose citizens'should
not degrade themselves with the vulgar cares of
life; they were to leave such things to theirslaves,
and they rule. Some would be soldiers, that is,
wear the shoulder-straps; some would fill the va-
rious official positions of civil government; others
would condescend to grace the various liberal
professions by their presence. There should be
no non-producers who were not slaves in fact,
no producers among the governing class. Tho
poor white man should be made a common sol-
dier, a sailor, a petty officer, or a patrolman, whose
duty it should be to keep tlie slave population in
proper subjection. For, Mr. Speaker, it is a fact
which those who believe slavery divine and the
normal condition of the black man must wonder
at, that these so-called happy slaves have so poor
an appreciation of the joys of their condition as
to be constantly pining for freedom to that ex-
tent that they will skedaddle from their comfort-
able quarters to seek refuge among the abolition
barbarians of the frigid North whenever they
chance upon an opportunity, and instances aio
not wanting where they have even risen upon
their kind and indulgent masters and struck with
terrible courage for that liberty so sweet'to all
men. The poor whites, however, were to pro-
tect their wealthy neighbors from all such terrible
contingencies. This employment of the poor
white would leave no poor idle, hence no dan-
gerous class in the community; it would all be
absorbed and its interest made identical with tho
interest of the wealthy class. The conditions of
master and slave were alone to exist, the thud
class being a mere adjunct of the latter.
This institution necessarily establishes three
conditions of society where it prevails: the mas-
ter, the slave, and that most degraded condi-
tion of all, the middle-man, or the poor white
trash, whose vocation is pander and pimp to the
vices of both master and slave, and ultimately
dependent on both, having no recognized condi-
tion, and enjoying none of the privileges of the
governing or governed class, but an outcast from
both and despised by both.
Now let it never be forgotten that our mission
also is to elevate and disinthrali that most in-
jured and dependent class of our fellow white
men from their downtrodden and degraded con-
dition, that they too may be men, and enjoy the
independence and rights of manhood. And, Mr.
Speaker, that Utopia was much nearer its reali-
zation three years ago than most of us dreamed.
Why, sir, subsisted by these slaves, every well
man among the citizens of the slave States has
been able to become a soldier. In ths North two
