996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
INDIAN AGENTS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. WINDOM also, from the same committee,
reported back adversely House bill No, 106, to
provide for the appointment of Indian agents in
New Mexico; which was laid on the table.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN UTAH,
Mr. WINDOM also, from the same committee,
reported back adversely House bill No. 221, to
provide for the appointment of commissioners to
ascertain and report to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior the losses sustained by the people of the Ter-
ritory of,Utah by Indian depredations; which
was laid on the table.
INDIANS IN" NEW MEXICO.
Mr. WINDOM, from the same committee, re-
ported a tJili to authorize the making of treaties
with the Navajo, Apache, and Utah Indian tribes
in New Mexico, defining their limits and extin-
guishing their titles to lands outside of said lim-
its; which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
UTAH INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr. WINDOM, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a substitute, House bill No. 220,
to vacate the present Indian reservations in Utah
Territory, and to settle the Indians in the Uinta
r- valley; and asked that it bo put upon its passage.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The substitute authorizes and requires the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause the several Indian
reservations heretofore made or occupied as such
in the Territory of Utah, excepting Uinta valley,
to be surveyed into tracts or lots not exceeding
eighty acres each, to cause .such tracts «>r lots to
be sold upon sealed bids, on publieadvertisement,
to the highest and best bidder, and to apply the
proceeds of the sales to the construction of im-
provements on reservations that may be estab-
lished, or to the purchase of stock, agricultural
implements, or such other useful articles as may
seem best adapted to the wants mid lequiremeiits
of the Indians; provided no tract of land shall be
sold for less than its appraised value in cash, to
bo duly ascertained by commissioners to.be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Tntenor.
The second section authorizes and requires the
superintendent of Indian affairs to collect and set-
tle the Indians of the Territory of Utah in the
Uinta valley, winch is set apart for the perma-
nent settlement and exclusive occupation of such
various tubes of Indians in said Territory as uiay
be induced to inhabit it.
The third section appropriates ^30,000 to be ex-
pended by the sopeMiUendent of Indian affairs in
the Territoiy of Utah for the put pose of making
agricultural improvements in the Uinta. valley,
for the comfort of the Indian tribes, and to enable
them to become self-sustaining.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and beingengrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WINDOM called for the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. KINNEY. Is it in order now to discuss
the bi!P
The SPEAKER, It is not.
Mr. HOLM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The motion was not agreed to.
Telleis were ordered on the demand for the
Erevious question; and Messrs. IIolman and
.ovejoy were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 82. The Speaker voted in the af-
firmative, making a quorum.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HGLMAN. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The bill was passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UTAH INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back House bill No. 222, to
extinguish the Indian title to lands in the Terri-
tory of Utah suitable for agricultural and mineral
purposes, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
OREGON INDIANS.
Mr. WINDOM, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 97, making an ap-
propriation for the purpose of negotiating trea-
ties with the Indian tribes of southern and eastern
Oregon.
Mr. STEVENS. Is not that to make treaties
with the Indians we have just removed?
Mr. WINDOM. No, sir. I do not thinkwe
have removed these Indians.
Mr. STEVENS. ^ I thought we had just made
an appropriation for the removal of these Indians.
Mr. WINDOM. These are not the same In-
dians.
Mr. C03p> This bill makes an appropriation,
and under the rules must go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER, if the gentleman insists upon
his point of order the Chair will be compelled to
sustain it.
Mr. COX. I do not know that I have any ob-
jection to the bill, but I do not understand all its
provisions, and I prefer that it shall go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, where we may discuss it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
an opportunity to discuss it m Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union after all the ap-
propriation bills have been disposed of. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. That will answer my purpose.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordeied to
be printed.
UNEMPLOYED GENERAL OFFICERS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a joint resolution to drop
from the rolls of the Army unemployed general
officers; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length.
Mr. 'SCHENCK. Supposing this joint reso-
lution to be so plain and distinct in its character,
the resolutionitself so brief,and involving so few
points, that it can be understood bygentlemen all
around the Hall without difficulty,and also from
the fact that I endeavored to report it some weeks
ago, and, failing to get the oppoitumty, it was
punted in the Globe, and copied generally into
the pees* of the country, I .shall ask the House
to vote upon it without delay.
Mi. HOLMAN. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
a question. Since this bill has been introduced,
a number of gentlemen fiom the Mississippi val-
ley interested in the service of the quartermas-
ter's departmenthave made the inquiry as to what
will be the effect of it upon Brigadier General
Robert Allen, who has been stationed at St. Louis,
and piobably more recently at Louisville, who
has mainly had charge of the quartermaster's de-
partment in the West. He has been under orders
there for a considerable time. Now, the inquiry
I want to make is, whether the effect of this res-
olution will be to dismiss him from the service
or not?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will first say that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, in framing this bill,
had no reference to the particular officers who
would be affected under it. Believing that the
public service would be benefited by the passage
of a bill of this description, and without any le-
gard to those who might be affected by it in one
way or another, the Committee on Military Affairs
came to the conclusion to present their recom-
mendation in the form of a joint resolution, and
to recommend its passage by the House.
If, however, the gentleman who makes this in-
quiry will direct his attention to the joint resolu-
tion itself, he will find that it is not directed to
those general officers who do not happen to have
been in command of divisions or brigades; it is
not directed to those who have no commands but
are engaged in the performance of active duties,
although it may not have been in a capacity suit-
able to their respective ranks. And inasmuch as
it has been deteimmcd by the Department and by
the President of the United States to put at the
head of quartermaster departments in some de-
partments of the Army officers having the rank
which General Allenholds,as long as the Execu-
tive Departments see proper to keep them in those
positions, this resolution will not affect them. I
repeat, the resolution does notapplyto those who
are simply without commands.
Now, furthermore, if the gentleman will look
into the letter of the Secretary of War, which has
been sent here in response to a resolution of this
House, and which has been printed, he will find
there are fourteen major generals entirely unem-
ployed and sixteen brigadier generals entirely un-
employed, and that there are thirty-nine major
generals and brigadier generals—I do not recollect
precisely the proportion of «ach—who have no
commands, but who are employed in various
ways, in the War Department, at the head of the
quartermaster's department at important points,
on boards of various descriptions, on courts-mar-
tial, some in one way and some in another, but
not in command of brigades or divisions.
That being the fact, if there be among those
thirty-nine officers any whose employment is of
a character that would be proper to an officer of
an inferior grade, a captain, colonel, or major, in
the opinion and discretion of the President of the
United States, he will be compelled to give him
some better employment than that, or the official
will fall within the meaning of this rule. It was
impossible to draw up the resolution so as to ex-
clude all discretionary power on the part of the
President of the United States. The broad dis-
cretionary power is left with the Executive. He
will be compelled to find employment for these un-
employed officers, and he will be compelled to say
that those who are now employed in some capa-
city not proper to their respective grades of rank
shall be employed on higher duties, or else they
will fall within the provisions of this resolution.
1 have made this statement in reply to my col-
league, and I will be glad to explain any point in
the lesolution which gentlemen do not now un-
derstand. Believing, as the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs do, that it is a public necessity and
propriety that this resolution should pass at once,
if there be no further explanation needed, 1 will
demand the previous question.
Mr. COX. I understand that the President of
the United States has now the power to drop from
the rolls of the Army any officer who is unem-
ployed.
Mr. SCHENCK. The President has full dis-
cretion to dismiss any officer from the service in
the exercise of the arbitrary power he possesses;
but it is not clear that it would not be improper
for him to exercise that power without good rea-
son for so doing.
Mr. COX. I understand that this resolution
does give the President the arbitrary power to dis-
miss any officer at any time without assigningany
reason whatever.
Mr. SCHENCK. It gives the President no
such power. The resolution drops the officer when
the officer comes within the provisions of the res-
olution . There must be a discretion in the Presi-
dent to sec that every officer is employed accord-
ing to his grade or rank, and no other discretion
is left with him.
Mr. VOORHEES took the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. One at a time.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not expect the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs to yield
to me. I ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
to yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield now. ** -
Mr. VOORHEES. I have no request to make
to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana must make his request to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] or he cannot get the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have yielded to my col-
league.
Mr. COX. Has this bill been printed?
Mr. SCHENCK. It has not been printed by
order of the House, but it has been printed in the
Congressional Globe, and in all the newspapers
throughout the country.
Mr. COX. My colleague understands very
well that there is something in this bill which wn
cannot comprehend now, something of a personal
nature, although he protests in advance there ig
not. I do not think that my colleague intends to
do that. I hope he is too gallant to strike at any
brother officer. I ask my colleague to postpone
the lesolution for a day or two, until it can be
