1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
destroyed if a sectional President should be elected
upon a platform which ignored the Constitution.
After the elections of 18G0 had shown that all his
efforts to avoid such a resulthad failed, well might
lie have said, "We are lost and destroyed."
And my colleague quotes the language in which
the patriot mourned over the triumph ofabolition-
ism as evidence that the patriot himself was an
apustate to the unsullied record and noble ex-
ample of his life.
If the retirement of General Cass from office in
the winter of 1861 be construed as just condem-
nation, how shall we construe that of Mr. Holt,
who remained in his place as Secretary of War
until the 4th of March,and gave his most earnest
support to the Buchanan Administration, and at
the close of it expressed his most cordial appro-
bation of all the President had done, as well as
all he had forborne to do. In his letter of the
2d March, 1861, filed in the State Department, re-
signing the office of Secretary of War at the close
of Mr. Buchanan's Administration, Mr. Holt
bears attestation " to the enlightened statesman-
ship and unsullied patriotism of the President."
Mr. Holt has the confidence of President Lin-
coln, and holds by his appointment at this time
the responsible office of Judge Advocate General.
General Dix, Secretary of the Treasury in the
Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan, now a major general
in the Army, appointed by Mr. Lincoln, in his
address on retiring from the Cabinetand referring
to Mr. Buchanan, declared himself " impressed
with the purity of his motives, his cifhscientious-
ness, his thorough acquaintance with the business
of the Government in its most complex details,
and his anxious desire that the unhappy ques-
tions which distiact the country may have a
peaceful solution."
It is surprising that my colleague, in his assault
upon the Administration of Mr. Buchanan, re-
• peats here inhisplace thestale charge thatPloyd,
the Secretary of War, stole a large portion of the
public arms and transferred them to southern
arsenals. The allegation is of little importance,
except as far as it misrepresents a Democratic
Administration. My colleague was a member
of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, and should have
k no wn that a committee constituted by the House,
of which. Mr. Stanton, aleading Republican, was
chairman, and of which a majority were Repub-
licans, repoi ted on the 18th day of February,
1861, that the southern States received in 1860
less, instead.of more, than the quota of arms to
which they were entitled by law; and that three
of them, North Carolina, Mississippi, and Ken-
tucky, received no arms whatever, and this sim-
ply because they did not ask for them. I refer
my colleague to the report, which will be found
in the second volume of Reports of Committees
of the House for 1860-61.
It is stranger still that my colleague has repeated
that the Administration were derelict in not ar-
resting the progress of the rebellion in its eaily
stages. 1 reassert what I stated in my remarks
of the 24th.of February, that the law of the 28th
of February, 1795, did not confer upon the Pres-
idenUsufficient power to employ military force to
execute the laws and protect the public property,
and that Mr. Buchanan, in his message to Con-
gress on the 8th of January, 1861, asked for such
authority. Congress failed to grant it. My col-
league was a member of that Congress. It is a
sad commentaiy on the degeneracy of the times
that he should stand up here in the broad light of
the heavens to revile the then President foK^omit-
tin"- to do what he, among others who constituted
a majority in Congress, tailed to grant the power
to do This is a gross abuse of our patience, to
which the boldness of Catiline would scarcely
have been equal, and if he had been blessed with
Catiline's sagacity he would have seen that it was
useless. . ,
Tne gentleman asserts that our financial sue-
cess has become the wonder of the world. 1 agree
with him that it is a wonder. On the 1st ot Jan-
uary. 1861, prior to the commencement of hosui-
ities, the entire circulation of all the banks, North
and South, was but a fraction over 9202,000,00j,
while on the 1st of January, 1863, m the States
known as the loyal States, the circulation ex-
ceeded §238,500,000. Add to this the United
States Treasury notes, interest-bearing Treasury
notes, fractional currency, and certificates ot in-
debtedness, all of which circulate as currency,
and it amounts to over $779,000,000. Put to that
the issue of the new national banks, which in the
aggregate swell the volume ef circulation to move
than §1,000,000,000, and he'will learn the magni-
tude of the Government issues. The legitimate
business of the entire country before the war could
be transacted upon a circulation of a fraction over
$202,000,000. Now, with a divided country and
with commercial intercourse comparatively re-
stricted, the circulation is increased to more than
$1,000,000,000, deranging the measure of all val-
ues, one .dollar in gold, the constitutional cur-
rency, commanding $1 81 in greenbacks. Well
may it be pronounced a wonder. Prior to 1861, the
average daily clearances in the clearing-house of
the ci ty of New York were only about $22,000,000,
while of late they have averaged over $115,000,000,
and have even run up as high as $146,000,000 in
one day. My colleague should read much and
reflect more before venturing to become a public
instructor.
But notwithstanding the freedom with which
the gentleman impeaches the motives of classes
as well as individuals, I look over his speech in
vain for any condemnation of the usurpations of
those in authority, and especially for the slightest
reflection upon the miserable crowd of sappers
and miners—the contractors who have fattened
themselves on the blood and tears and distresses
of the nation—whose howl is ever fiercest for the
war, whose policy it is to prolong it, and who de-
nounce without measure all who seek to give it a.
proper direction or a speedy termination. We in
Pennsylvania have seen these harpies feeding on
the life-blood of the State, and my colleague
knows—none knows better than he—the paralyz-
ing and consuming power of the frauds on which
he chooses to preserve a silence so profoundly
loyal As a faithful sentinel on the watchtowerof
the nation, why has he never given notice that
this same class of persons are gnawing its foun-
dations away? It was Madame Roland who, when
the caldron of the Revolution was boiling over
in France, weeping over the degradation of so-
ciety and the frauds that were everywhere ap-
parent, exclaimed: "O Liberty!"—and I rmgnt
add, O loyalty!—"what crimes are committed
in thy name!"
I have great respect, Mr. Speaker, foran argu-
ment, for statesmanlike views, and for a candid
and honest difference of opinion; but it required
a great deal of assurance, almost the audacity of
ignorance to charge me with no expression of
sympathy for the soldiers who had defended his
home and my home, when since the commence-
ment of the session I have been laboring in his
presence in obedience to the united sentimentand
instruction of my party, and against the opposi-
tion of him and his friends, to secure to the soldier
a just compensation for his services. The sol-
dier wants and is entitled to substantial aidf not
mere expressions of admiration and sympathy,
but something to supply his physical wanis and
comforts, and especially those of his wife and
children in his absence. This material aid the
Democratic party as a unit have repeatedly offered
on this floor, arid as often has it been ruled out of
order and defeated. He cannot forget, and if he
does I refer him to the remarks which [ had the
honor to submit on the 17th of February, the oc-
casion on which I offered a proposition to increase
the soldiers' pay and declared that they had per-
formed their duty with noble fidelity and zeal, and
that Antietam, Vicksburg, Gettysburg, and Chat-
tanooga were monuments of their bravery and
patriotism that would bear their fame to a distant
and admiring future, and were at least entitled to
our justice. I may further say that on that occa-
sion 1 declared that wherever any part of that
great Army had moved on the water or upon the
land its ranks had been filled with thousands of
gallant Democrats, many of whom now sleep in
soldiei s' graves.
But, Mr. Speaker, such exhibitions are not un-
common in struggles like the piesent,^when the
country is in the throes oi revolution. 1 he tenor
of his speech is the same which pervades a thou-
sand speeches since these troubles commenced.
Notwithstanding the evils which civil wars bring
to the masses, there are always some dashing pa-
uiots who scout the magnitude of tho trouble, and
flourish in the general ruin, like the stoim bird
winch careers in the tempest which is devastating
the face of nature. Those paitits are ever leady
to impeach such as have the courage" to expose
corruption and' to tabor in a spirit oi true patriots
ism for the welfare of th£ir country. ' , , " I "
My colleague would Iifee to make the .country
believe that he is especially devoted to"the'preser-
vation of the Union, and to thi prosecution.of the
war for that end. * How sincere ftg'is i)rhis'pi%-
fessions appears frorfi hiscour'se btl thVfolldwifij£
resolutions, which I had the )iohdr'to
on J.he 18th day of January last: '
tl Whereas a great civil war like that which Yibvfr
the United States is the most grievous of all ndtfcftaf ediafti-
flies, producing,as it- does, spoliation, blood&hed.jMiarciky,
public debt, official corruption, and private immorality;
and,whert*as the American Government saunpt.rlgUtfujjy
wage such a war upon any portion of ijs people exempt fr>r
the sole purpose ot vindicating the Constitution and laws
and restoring both to .their just supremacy; and whereas
this House, on the 22d day of July, 1861, speaki«g.m the
name ol tiie American people, in tho face of the \vx>rld,
solemnly and triily declared that it was wag^d for no' pur-
pose of conquest or oppression, but solely to rdstope the
Union with all the rights of the people and of the,States
unimpaired; and whereas in every war, especially ii? every
war of invasion, and most particularly if it 'be a civil war
between portions of fhe same country, the object of It
ought to be clearly defined, and the terms-iifetineUy stated
upon which hostilities will cease* and the advancing armies
ot the Government should carry the Conf titutLon and laws
in one hand while they hold the sword in the other/so that
tiie invaded party may have its choice between Uife -two:
Therefore, ' " -
" Resoloed, That the President be required to make
known, by public proclamation or otherwise, to al! the coun-
try that whenever any State now in insurrection shall sub-
ra'it herself to the authority of the Federal <Jovernnhe it As
defined m the Constitution, all hostilities against her shall
cease, and such State bhall he protected fr<>m all external
interference with her local lu.ws and institutions, and her
people shafl be guarantied in the full enjoyment Of all those
rights which the Federal -Constitution gave them.
" Mr. Stevens moved to lay the preamble and resolution
on the table.
"Mr. Dawson demanded the yeas and nays.
"The yeas and nays were ordered.
" The question was taken; and it was decided in the
affirmative—-yeas. 79, nays 5G ; as follows :
u Yeas—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Biaine, Francis P. Blair,
Jacob B.Blair. Boutwell, Brnndegee, Broomall, Ambrose
W.Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cole, Creswcll, Henry Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davis. Dawe , jJemmg, Dixon, Driggs,
Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth,Fenton,Fiank, Garfield,>Gooch,
Iligby, Hooper, HotchkUs Amabel W. Hubbaid, Hulburd,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson.Kelley, FrancisW. Kellogg, Long-
year. Lovejoy, Marvin, MeBride,McCiurf?, Melndoe,Sam-
uel F. Miller, Moo&huad, Morrill, .Daniel Morris^ Amos
Myers, Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,
Pike, Price. William II. Randall, Afexandef H. Rice, John
H. Rice, Edward H. JKoHhis.Schenck, Scofield", Shannon,
Smith, Smith«r-s, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Up-
sou, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Wasliburne, William B.
Washbutn, Whale}, Williams, Wilson, Wirnkmi, and
Woodbridge—79.
" Nays—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown, William G.
Biown, Chanler, Coffroth, Oox, Dawson, Denison, Eden,
Eilo'erton, Eldridge, English, Finek,Garison, Grider, Orns-
vvold. Hale. Hull, [lardirioc, Harllnfton, BenjaminG. Harris,
Hernck, Hotmail, Htitclnns, William Johnson, Kcrnan,
Lazear, Le Blond, L,onfc, Marey. McAllister, McDowell,
McKinnoy, Middleton, William II. Miller, James II. Mor-
ris, Morrison, Nelson, Pendleton, Robinson, Ross, John B.
Steele, Stiles, Stuart, Sweat, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Fernando
Wood, and Yeaniau—5tS.
" So the preamble and resolution were laid upon, the
tablo."
It is thus seen that, under the lead of the chair-
man of Ways and Means, my colleague [Mr.
MooriieadJ voted to lay these resolutions upor,
tiie table. By that vote he has declared that the
warshould not terminate though the people of the
South should lay down their arms and'submit to
the authority of the Government. Although tbe
war has lasted for nearly three years, and has
spread death and desolation in its path, though it
lias broken up our industry, burdened us with
mighty debts, shingled us with taxation, and de-
moralized our people; though it threatens the over-
throw of our republican system and the substitu-
tion of a despotism in its place, yet he refuses by
his vote to adopt the only basis upon which peace
and order and stability can be again secured. His
policy means abolition, subjugation,and exterm-
ination. Fresh hecatombs must be offered to
appease his insatiable appetite for blood.
it is my solemn conviction that it isonlyupon
the basis of those resolutions that this struggle
can be brought to a peaceful and successful term-
ination. To this conclusion we must come at
last. Fanaticism and evil men may delay this
result, and the country may have to be exhausted
by the fires of civil war ere it becomes a reality.
When the world, as related by the sacred his-
torian, was buried under the deluge, and Noah and
his family were the sole survivors of. the human
iace, it will be recollected thatjhe dove was sent
