1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBft
29549
thirds of the able-bodied men are required in the
production of food and alt those articles required
for the subsistence of our wives, our children, and
our armies.
Our enemies Iwwe all this work to the slaves,
and the slaves are ail productive; maieamf female,
old and young, all go into the field. The planter
and producer is not, as with us, limited to the
number of able-bodied men upon the plantation.
With him a woman is a full hand. She does, and
is expected to do, the same work with the men.
Little children are not required to attend school,
us school bills for colored children form no part
of the plantation expenses. The little fellows of
six summers are quarter hands, at twelve are re-
quired to do half the work of a man, and at six-
teen are full hands. Decrepit age and tender youth
alike are made to produce subsistence for the
armies and the people of the South. It is tins
system which calls out all the bone and sinew of
the South in aid of their cause which has made
the once celebrated anaconda system of war-
fare a failure. Sir, all the cries of starvation we
have imagined ourselves to be hearing from our
"erring brethren" have been but theories wrung
from the poor creatures engaged in gathering their
abundant harvests. And unless those cries are
heard and heeded by this Government we can
never hope to succeed in crushing the rebellion,
and never ought to. "We must deprive them of
their producers; we must by our action in this
Jfiall demoralize every slave left beyond the reach
of our armies by guarantying to him his freedom
beyond contingency; for, depend upon it, the ac-
tion we take upon this bill will be known to every
black roan and woman in the South in a very
shoit time.
In 1860 a period was readied which had been
predicted by very many of the founders of the Re-
public, and which had been foreseen by that advo-
cate of Stile rights, Thomas Jefferson. It was
a period in which was to be solved a problem of
vital importance to the American people. Jeffer-
son wrote in 1798 that the State and General Gov-
ernments were "coordinate departments of one
simple and integral whole;" and inalettertoone
of his friends said, " The enlightened statesman,
therefore, will endeavor to preserve the weight and
influence of every part, as too much given to any
member of it would destroy the general equilib-
rium." And to another friend he expressed the
fear that "a conflict would arise between State
rights upon the one hand and Federal rights upon
the other, the one encroaching upon the other to
that extent as to produce a collision." Sir, that
collision has come, and now we must decide for
ourselves and for those who come after us whether
the one or the other shall be maintained; whether
the Republic as a whole is worth more than a
system of petty nations, each independentof the
other, and cach powerless to protect its citizens
from attacks from without or dissensions within.
The idea of a confederation of States had been
tiled and the experiment found not worth repeat-
ing; hence, on the formation of the present Con-
stitution, it had been decided to " form a more
perfect Union" by the action of the people of the
States themselves, through their delegates to the
Convention. That Convention represented the
people of tne several States, and their action was
afterwards indorsed by a vote of the people of
the several States. Sir, the people, acting thiough
that Convention, ordained that this Government
should have power to deelarc war, make peace,
regulate the currency, and be in fact a supreme
Government, "a more perfect Union;" one. in
which the people of the several States could find
repose undisturbed by foreign attacks, or the
machination of factionists within their own bor-
ders. The men of 1860, swelled up with the lust
of slavery and blinded by its specious reasonings
in favor of what it was pleased to call the rights
of the States, unfortunately have proved too weak,
too unpatriotic, to maintain unsullied the inherit-
ance oi iieedom left them by their sires. To these
men the doctrine of State rights was a cry under
which slavery with all its attendant evils was to
be fostered.
Slavery had been suffered to remain in our sys-
tem at first bv men who were anxiously count-
ing the days, tiie time, when it could be abolished,
as they believed, without peril to the country._
They argued tliut it was weak, and the sense of
justice wluch they believed was lubuin m the
American heart would soon lead to its final and
utter abolition. In fact, our fathers were aboli-
tionists. _A provision was incorporated into the
Constitution by which no new additions were to
be made to the stock of slaves then in the country,
and it was believed that gradually and without a
jar to the Federal system it would become ex-
tinct, Our fathers were mistaken. Slavery was
not waning. Every year but added strength and
gave vigor to the accursed tree, and eighty years
after it is found to have grown so much as to
number more victims than was the entire popula-
tion of the Republic in the days of the Revolu-
tion. Waning, indeed! Why, sir, to-day it claims
more territory than our fathers aspired to possess
for the whole nation, and fights this war to enable
it to wrench more domain from the grasp of free-
dom. This mistake, leaving to the people of the
several States the right and authority to establish
and regulate the crime of human slavery, has
well-nigh proved a vital one. It is not necessary
to trace the progress of the slave power. Every
page of our nation's history records it. Every
school-boy is familiar with it. From the pur-
chase of Louisiana and from the passage of the
Missouri compromise to the breaking out of the
rebellion, every year's legislation embodied some
new concession to slavery, and the pill was al-
ways labeled " compromise." ltwas continually
making aggressions upon freedom, and still claim-
ing that it was only securing to itself rights guar-
antied to it by the Constitution.
Assuming that the Government was a partner-
ship of the States, the adherents of slavery finally
attempted to dissolve it unless the reins of power
were delivered into their hands. It would rule,
sir, or it would min. The issue, then, was re-
duced to this: we must have the Union with
the Government in the hands of the slave oli-
garchy or submit to its dissolution. We consented
to neither, but trusting to the God of battles and
the patriotism of our people we dared the fight,
and as sure as Heaven is just we will succeed.
Now, sir, what is this institution of slavery
that has sought to assume the reins of Govern-
ment in this land of freedom ? What is slavery,
sir? It is'• the sum total of all villainies." It is
the destroyer of every virtue, public as well as
private, because it encourages promiscuous and
unbridled licentiousness, and renders null the
marriage relation. It is the enemy of all religion,
insomuch as it has caused to be enacted in every
slave State laws making it a felony to teach men
and women whose skins are black to read even
the Bible, and places restrictions about their as-
sembling themselves together to worship God.
It destroys all thrift, energy, and good citizen-
ship among the ruling classes, teaching them to
depend upon the labor of others for support when
God has ordained to man that by the sweat of his
brow he should eat his bread. Slavery is pagan-
ism refined, brutality vitiated, dishonesty cor-
rupted; and, sir, we are asked to retain this curse,
to protect it after it has corrupted our sons, dis-
honored our daughters, subverted our institu-
tions, and shed rivers of the best blood of our
countrymen.
Sir, the time lias passed for concessions to the
slave power. Slavery has risked all to gain all,
and now it must abide by the cast of its own die;
and to us there is but one issue, dissolution and
a recognition of the confederacy, or the utter and
immediate abolition of slavery. There is now no
middle ground. I believe now that since the days
of Calhoun there has never been a middle ground.
We have tried tenderness long enough. For
eighty years we have been compromising; we
have coaxed and petted; it has availed us noth-
ing. We have given the South the high places in
our national synagogue, our kindness has never
faltered, but, sir, lt.lias been our ruin. We said
to the South, we will not interfere with your pet
snake while you keep it in the den you have pro-
vided for it; we will not fight your netarious in-
stitution so long as you keep it at home. Sla-
very shall not be interfered with inany fotate where
by local law it exists. We would even permit
the snake to crawl into and establish for itself a
den in Territories common to both; but because
we insisted that it should not invade with its slime
our own homes and take to itself every foot of
the common inheritance it has rebelled. Why,
sir, even as late as I860 we of the North were a
iiAtiya of compromisers, and alter the ordinances
of secession had been passed in several States, it
is a question whether we would not have been
willing to accede to all the demands of the South.
Even the old abolition party had men in its ranks
who were willing to make some arrangement by
which the widening breach might be bridged.
Mr. Speaker,at that time few men in the North
were found so radical as to be unwilling to com-
promise upon some basis, and a still smaller
number who would insist upon no terms short of
full emancipation.
But, sir, as the history of the past might have
warned us, every pacific overture was rejected,
and no alternative was left to the freemen of the
North but war. How sternly that war has been
prosecuted upon both sides history will bear tes-
timony. And shall we be willing to end the
struggle now until sufficient guarantees are se-
cured that our people and their successors shall
live for all future time without a constant fear
that the smothered flame shall again leap forth
and burn with tenfold fury? No, sir, we must
end this war now, end it for all coming time; and
we can only end it as we desire by so amending
our organic act that slavery can never again be
an element of discord among our people. Mem-
bers upon this floor who fear that their constit-
uency will not sustain them in voting for this
measure should remember that they have a con-
stituency coming after those whom theynowrep-
resen t,aconstituency who will hold them to a more
strict account of their stewardship than will the
partial friends of to-day, and the execrations of
that constituency will be heaped upon the man
who now hesitates,to aid in wiping out this stain
and curse that has disgraced us so long. We
want no timid men now. Our brothers and sons
have poured out their blood upon fields made
memorable by their bravery, and shall fear that
some of us will not be returned to seats in this
House lead us to hesitate in doing justice to our
country in this the crisis of her destiny?
Mr. Speaker, there can be no reunion with
slavery—the day when such a thing was possible
haspassed. Sir,let us forone momenttry to re-
alize such a reunion. The first thing to be done
under such a condition would be to enforce the
fugitive slave law. But, sir, thousands of the
slaves we would be called upon to return would
be soldiers in the Union Army, men who had been
engaged in fighting our battles. Our faith as a
people is pledged to those men for freedom. They
would be the wives, sisters, mothers and daughters
of soldiers, and dare we submit to the rendition of
that class? The fugitives who have followed our
armies from the plantations of the South have
been the only loyal men and women it found in
its track, and shall we be asked in the day of our
triumph to punish these our friends with one
hand while with the other we reward the red-
handed assassins who have endeavored to strike
down our liberties ? Sir, I can never bring my-
self calmly to contemplate the possibility of a re-
union with the South which shall tolerate the fur-
ther existence of slavery, much less one that shall
restore it to its former assumed privileges. No,
sir, we must either abolish slavery, or consent to
see the U nion of our fathers destroyed, its hitherto
proud name become a hissing and a reproach,
and its people no longer free,
Sir, there is but one compensation we can render
to this country for the terrible sacrifices she has
been called upon to endure in this struggle; that
compensation is the entire abolition of the curse
of slavery; otherwise the blood of our country-
men is shed in vain. We have seen it lurking
arid rankling in the veins of our body-politic for
eighty years, until it has culminated at last in this
terrible war, the most gigantic, and, upon the part
of the South, the most brutal the world ever saw;
Shall we now be willing to give it a new lease of
power, new strength to renew its attacks? No,
sir, we cannot, we dare not consent to such a
thing. Were we to so far forget the lessons of
the past as to entertain so base a proposition, we
would be disgraced m our own sight and in the
eyes of the world and of God.
But, sir, if we are to make emancipation effect-
ive and adequate to our national disease, we must
adopt it boldly, resolutely, and at once. We must
not only emancipate the slaves in the seceded
States, but we must include the slaves of the border
States, leaving no root oi the accursed tree to
spring up f°r tiie future to the pen! oi the count! y.
