998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Mr. KERN AN, Then, I say, let us get some
scheme that will discriminate between the mer-
itorious and those without merit. Let us have
some tribunal that vviil sift them out, and dis-
miss the unworthy, while they retain the worthy.
Mr.SCHENCK. I heard thegentleman upon
that point, and I beg to say that while we agree
in our premises, I think we do not in our con-
elusions. You must leave the discretion some-
where; you mustleave.the discietion of exercising
this;arbitrary power with the Executive, who is
Commander-in-Chief of the Anny and Navy, in
respect %o the employment of officers in such po-
sitions as he may see fit to assign them. Now,
sir, it is not for us to inquire how, when a man
reaches the high position of a general officer, he
shall be particularly employed. We must neces-
sarily leave that to the authority which is to em-
ploy him. I can easily understand that an officer
may not be suitably employed. I can easily un-
derstand that an officer may be fitted for a great
many duties, and that he may not be equal to the
particular duties of the grade or rank to which he
happens to be promoted. It does not necessarily
follow that that officer should be dismissed from
the service with disgrace, that he should bo dis-
charged. arbitrarily, as if he had done something
wrong. Therefore we propose to strip the ques-
tion of all aceidcnts of that kind. We propose
to remove all objections arising from cases of that
character and to bring it down to the simple pro-
vision, that, finding that the President of the United
States dues not employ officers under the discre-
tion confided to him, we, rcpiesen ting the Tieasury
of the people, shall say to the President, aftordue
notice and consideration, that unless unemployed
officers shall be employed, and unless offi<-eis
shall bp employed recording to their rank*, (hey
shall be dropped and others appointed to fill their
places. That is the whole extent and meaning
of the resolution. It does not go further.
Mr. HOLM AN, In looking over the lull with
care, it does not seem to me that'one of the evils
complained of has been lemedied, and that is m
reference to the siaft of a geneial officer leheved of
command. 1 suggestto the gentfoman from Ohio
an amendment to his resolution, like this: that
whenever a general officer shall he relieved fioni
actual service for any cause, the staff officer of
such general oilier shall be assigned to other duty
or dismissed from the service.
The reason for that is this: in looking over the
report made to the House by the Secretary of
War, I notice that a single general had on hi«
stall since relieved fiom duty six officers—three
colonels, a lieutenant colonel,a major, and a cap-
tain, receiving pay during the entire time mnoitnl-
ing to $10,000 a year. It seems to me if from any
cause a general officer is teheved from duty, his
start officers should be assigned to other duty or
dismissed from the service. I trust that the, gen-
tleman from Ohio wilhteceptmyamendmentas a
modification of the resolution.
Mr.SCIIENCR. I cannoteonsent to that,and
for this reason: this Congress will find it incon-
venient to fake command of the Army. It will be
mconvenientfor us to say when an officer has been
relieved from one duty he shall bo appointed to
another, it we undertake that, we will find our-
selves undertaking a control awd discretion which
must be left necessarily to the Presidentand those
who act (or him in the Departments. It is only
when the evil becomes crying, it is only when the
officoi shave remained unemployed for a long time,
for a qumterofa year, and not employed when the
resolution goes into effect, still remaining unem-
* pioyod, that Congress shall interfere as proposed ,
that men shall no longer continue to receive pay
without rendermgan equivalent in the way of ser-
vice. The exigencies of the service do notalwnys
afford immediate employment for officers. It may
be two or three weeks before employment can be
found for an officer when relieved fiom duty. It
may be that a great many circumstances require
the officer to be relieved from duty which cannot
be known except to the office* in command. There-
fore relieving from duty and putting on duty can-
not be made by legislation, but must be subject
to the d.scmtion left with the commander of the
Army, " I demand the previous question.
Air. COX. There are various amendments to
be ofleied on this side of the House, and we think
it no more than fair and just that we should have
an opportunity to discuss theieoolutioii. I hope i
that my colleague will not press it to a vote to-
day; that he will let the resolution be printed, and
lot amendments we deem essential be voted on.
We will then assist him to have action on the
measure. This side of the House is determined
that this shall be done. We will have a fair dis-
cussion of the subject, and an opportunity to pre-
sent amendments.
I know the gentleman has made a frank and
fair exposition of this bill, but we do not under-
stand it in the lightm which he has explained it,
and think that certain amendments should be of-
fered. I ask the gentleman in all fairness not to
press the resolution to a vote this evening. Give
us some opportunity to amend it. If the gentle-
man will yield me the floor for that purpose, I
will move that the House adjourn.
Air. SCHENCIC. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. The gentleman asks me to withdraw the
demand for the previous question in order that
some measure may be taken to give time to con-
sider this resolution. I was about to consent, but
I understand the gentleman has indulged in a threat
if I do not 
Air. COX. No, sir; I cautiously avoided giv-
ing expression to any threat; and my gallant col-
league ought not to be scared by a threat any-
h o w.
Air. SCHENCIC. I do not think we should go
on paying and paying those who for some reason
or other are not rendering services; but if the gen-
tleman says lie does not make a threat I agree
that the resolution shall bo made a special order
for some future time.
Mr. COX. That will be right. Let the gen-
tleman lix his time.
Mr. SCUENCK. What day, Mr. Speaker,
can this be made a special order?
Mr. COX. The 1st day of April, I suggest.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER, The Chair would say there
are no special orders now in the House. All spe-
cial orders are in Committee of the Whole House.
U eau be made (he special oider for any morning
except Fnduy next, to which time a question of
piivilege in postponed.
Air. SCHENCIC. Then I will say Thursday
next.
Air. VOORHEES. That is not long enough.
I do not object in any captious spnitatall. I hope
gentlemen will give us reasonable time.
The SPEAKER. What day does the gentle-
man suggest?
All .VOORH EES. Say Tuesday of next week.
Mr. SCHENCIC. That will be satisfactory.
No objection being made, the lesolution was
ordered to be printed and made the special order
for Tuesday next, after the morning hour, and
from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCIC. It is proposed in the bill
that it shall take effect from the 15th day of March,
which is the day to which its consideration is
postponed. That day was selected by the com-
mittee because the bill was prepared some time
since. I suggest, therefore, now,thatthe resolu-
tion be modified so as to take effect on the 1st of
April instead of the 15th of March.
No objection being made, the resolution was
modified accordingly. *
AMDULANCK SYSTEM.
Air. SCHENCIC, from the Committee nn Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back an act (S. No. 30) to
establish a system of ambulances in the United
States Army, wittasundry verbal amendments.
The amendments were agreed to, and the hill
ordered to bo read a third time; and it was ac-
cordingly read the thiul time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCIC moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROVOST 51A USUAL GENERAL.
Mr. SCHENCIC, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a b'dl to increase the rank,
pay, and emoluments of the Provost Marshal
General; which was read a first and sccond time
by its title.
The bill was read in extenso.
Air. HOLMAN. I would inquire what is the
present rank of that officer?
Air. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Colonel.
Air. HOLMAN". And this bill proposes to
make him a bngadier general?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Yes.
' The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. FRANK demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 68,- nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Aneoiia, Arnold, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Francis P. Blair, Clow, Broomall,
William G. Brown, Cobb, (Jole, Creswell, Deming, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eden, Eliot, Farimvorth, Gauson, Garfield,
Hale, Harrington, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg,
Lazear,Longyear, Marvin,McAllister, McBride, McClurg,
Mclndoe, Samuel P. Miller, Moorhead, Mori ill, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Norton, Charles O'Neill,
Oi tli, Pendleton, Perham, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander
II. Rice, John H.Rice, Edward IT. Rollins, James S. Rol-
lins, Sehenek, Shannon, Stebbins, Stiles, Stuart, Sweat,
Thayer, Upson, Wadsworih, Ward, Webster, Williams,
Wilder, and Windoin—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bout-
well, Chanter, Dawes, Dixon, Eckley, Eldridge, Fiank,
Uolman, John II. Hubbatd, William Johnson, Law, Le
Blond, Middleton, Daniel Morris, Noble, John O'Neill, Pike,
Price, Rogers, Scofield, Tiaey, WilliamB. Washburn, Jo-
seph W. White, and Wilson—26.
So the bill was passed.
Air. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsiderthe
vote by which the bill was passed; and alsomoved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY AND PENSIONS OF CHAPLAINS.
Air. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back sundry memorials
from chaplains of the Army, accompanied by a
bill to amend section nine of the act approved
July 17, 1862, entitled "An act to define the pay
and emoluments of certain officers of the Army,
and for other purposes;" which was read a first
and second time.
The fiist section of the bill provides that from
and after the passage of this act chaplains in the
regular and volunteer service, and in hospitals,
shall not suffer any diminution of their pay and
allowances when absent from duty on leave, on
account of sickness or other disability, or when
held by the enemy as prisoners.
The second section of the bill so amends the
pension act of July, 1802, as to include chaplains
in the legulurand volunteer service; provided that
the pension to which u chaplain shall be entitled
for total disability shall be twenty dollars a month;
and it provides that the provisions of the act to
which the section is an amendment shall apply
to the widows, children, mothers, and sisters of
chaplains of the land forces who have died since
the 4th day of March, 1861, or shall die of wounds
or disease contracted m the service of the United
States, or while such chaplains are or shall be in
the line of their duty.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly icad the third time, and passed.
Air. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsiderthe
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMX STOREKEEPERS.
Air. F A R N SVruRTH also, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported back sundry
memorials from storekeepers in the United States
Army, asking1 Congress to enact a law defining
their rank, and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that they be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ROAD IN WASHINGTON.
Air. FARNSWORTH also, from the same
committee, reported back bill of the House No.
115, granting lands to the Territory of Washing-
ton to aid in the construction of a military road
from Fort Walla-Walla to PugetSound, with an
amendment in the shape of an additional section,
and with the recommendation that it do pass.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thud time: and being engiossed. it was accoid-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope the gentleman will with-
diaw that demand.
