1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
way, and without reference to its details, upon
the relations established by the war, and the rights
and duties bearing upon the question of reconstruc-
tion that have grown out of it.
And first, as to the status of the rebel States,
and the law which is to govern our relations and
intercourse, and sit as umpire in the progress and
adjustment o£ the pending controversy.
These States are either in the Union, or they are
not. Some people may think it makes no practi-
cal difference how we conclude on this point while
the war is flagrant. That is not my judgment.
It has seemed to me that all the irresolution, all
the unsteadiness in our counsels, all the doubt
and hesitation and delay, all the apparent obtuse-
ness and obliquity of the moral sense, and many
of the differences between good and loyal men
here, were mainly referable to the fact of the
failure to settle this great question, and settle it
correctly, in advance. The war was inaugurated
on the theory that they were in, when the great
fact of war, which individuals cannot wage in the
social state, and peoples do not wage upon them-
selves, was a proclamation that they were out.
The Democrats of the North were willing to ac-
cept the fact that they were out, without war—
to adopt the principle of the laissez-nous faire—
the "let us alone" of the rebel authorities, and
to treat with them upon the idea of a reconstruc-
tion, upon that kind of compromise which involves
generally a traffic in principles, and that sort ot
mutuality where all is demand on the one side
and concession on the other; where everything
is surrendered and nothing obtained, or even stip-
ulated for in the way of equivalent; to treat, in
short, either for their return, or for the privilege
of going out along with them, and leaving New
England in the cold. They were willing to waive
the right and the treason absolutely, and declined
the alternative of war on the ground that the ob-
ligation was an imperfect one, whose performance
depended upon the mere will of the contracting
parties, and could not be enforced. With them
it was peaceful secession, with reconstruction by
treaty. The ruling thought was, of course, to
spare, to save, to do as little harm as possible to
those who werenotourenemies,butour brethren
—sisters, perhaps, I should say, albeit a little
"wayward," whose anger was to bekissed away
 or sweethearts, rather, who were to be mollified
into tenderness by dulcet phrases and costly love
tokens, or hugged into quietude by the anaconda
process of compression, or the sublime mysteries
of strategy. The rebels were Democrats, whom
it would be a sin to kill, and a greater sin to rob
of their sacred property in slaves. Better a hun-
dred thousand free white northern youth should
die, than one negro slave should be lost to his
proprietor, or employed in arms against him. To
carry out this policy we wanted conservative gen-
erals %vho would be sure to hurt nobody, and saw
men made heroes—by newspaper process, as gi cut
men are now made since that manufacture seems
to have passed out of the hands of Providence
not because they fought,and fought successfully,
but because they would not fight at all. We wanted
generals who had constitutional scruples about
' the right of invading the sacred soil of a sovereign
State; who had "kind regards" for the woist
and meanest of felons, and were ready to grant
paroles of honor to men who, by an net of treason
intensified bv ingratitude and perjury, had basely
deserted the flag they were sworn to defend, as no
mere Swiss, no soldier of fortune who hired out
his steel, could have done without a deep stain
upon his escutcheon. But while we were dealing
with the heresies and subtleties ot the Virginia
and Kentucky resolutions of 1798, those fruitful
sources of our present woes, instead of striking
at once at the heart of the rebellion, that icbel-
lion, thus nursed and cherished and rocked and
dandled by ourselves, was swelling m volume,
and organizing and hardening into consistence be-
hind the storm-cloud which was gathering and
blackening and muttering its thunders within
sight and hearing of this very Capitol, where
at? American Congress was legislatnng_ u .ler Us
shadow. But the light which was struck out from
the collision of hostile bayonets, struggling up
through the haze in which we were enve opd,
began to dawn slowly upon the countiy. It ««s
soon reflected back upon these Chambers, and
statesmen began to feel that they v ,
presence of a great fact that could not bt conjuttd
down by empiricism, or reasoned down except by
the logic of artillery. But still they hesitated to
accept the fact, and the law of the last session,
halting between the two opinions—beginning with
the idea of treason and ending in the alternative
of war—although right in itself, was but the ex-
pression of the lingering doubt whether these
States were still in the Union or out of it. -
How does the case then stand upon the facts?
It cannot be questioned, I think, that in this view
the severance is or has been as complete — the
spes rccuperandi, the mere hope of recovery, ex-
cepted—as if our forces had been withdrawn,
and'their independence recognized. They have
seized our property and expelled us from their
territories. They have declined the Federal
jurisdiction, and ceased to live under the Federal
law. They have altered their constitutions of
government, and transferred their allegiance to a
foreign power. They have invaded our soil.
They have claimed and exercised, with the con-
sent of the great Powers of Europe, the rights of
belligerents upon the ocean. Under the stern
logic of facts we have assented to all this, by re-
leasing the crews of their privateers, instead of
dealing with them as pirates, and exchanging
prisoners captured on land, instead of hanging
them as traitors. We have distinguished between
the mere guerrilla and the commissioned soldier
of the confederacy. We have blockaded their
ports. Treating them as a government defacto,
and therefore entitled to the allegiance of hll its
citizens, we have allowed them to shoot as de-
serters, without retaliation, the unwilling con-
scripts who have fled to our arms for the pro-
tection which we were bound to give them; we
have interdicted commercial intercourse with
them on the part of the citizens of the loyal States;
and we have put them by our legislation, one and
all, without distinction as to loyalty, under the
ban of the Union, as alien enemies. Nor have
we been guilty of any inconsistency herein. The
revolt was not of individuals, to be dealt with by
the ordinary process of law, like the whisky in-
surrection, with which it has been improperly
compared. It rose at once to the dimensions of
a civil war. It was the result of the coiporate,
political action of organized communities, sweep-
ing the reluctant and the innocentinto itsimpetu-
ous current, and then merging the individuality
—dissolving, as I think, the very life—of these
communities, in the revolutionary act of com-
pounding them into a separate and independent
nationality. As such we have treated with it in
the matter of exchanges, and ignored accordingly
the members of which it was composed. We
could not do otherwise under the law to which
the insurgents successfully appealed, when they
repudiated the authority of any common superior,
and carried their case before that dread tribunal
of nations, where the sword is the arbiter, and
the voice of God and humanity, thundering out of
the smoke and carnage of the battle-field, is the
only one that can be listened to in the adjustment
of the controversy.
And now let us inquire for a moment how the
public law of Christendom, as declared in the
opinions of the publicists, and the practice of en-
lightened nations, squares with the great facts to
which 1 have referred.
It will be found, I think, that the most eminent
of these writers are agreed in the opinion that the
parties to a civil war, having no common judge,
or common superior on earth, " must necessai ny
be considered as constituting, at least for a time>
two separate bodies, two distinct societies, and
that "when a nation becomes divided into two
parties absolutely independent, and no longer ac-
knowledging a common superior, the State is dis-
solved, and the war between the two parties stands
on the same ground, ill every respect, as a public
war between two different nations.' Thisis the
language of Vattel, (pp. 425,427,) and the learned
Barbeyrac, in his notes on the treatise of Grotius,
(Book 3, cap. 6, sec. 27,) affirms the doctrine by
the remark that "in case of the rising of a con-
siderable part of the State against the sovereign,
as for an alleged violation of the fundamental law
of the nation, the Government is dissolved, and
the State divided into two distinct, independent
bodies; and much more doe's that take place in the
civil wars of a republican State, m which the wai
immediately, of itself, dissolves the sovereignty
that subsists solely in the union ot itsmeinbeis.
It is in direct antagonism therefore" to the lam
which governs now, as to -the facts, to say that
these States are still in the Union as they were
before. The theory-ihat this Union was indissolu-
ble refers only to the right, to its-organic law, and
to the purposes of the men who welded these
States together; but never was intended to imply
that it could not be ruptured by violence,"as it has
unquestionably been, leaving to the wronged'and
adhering States their remedy for the breach, not
by enforcing a specific performance, whfch-jsiiw-
possible, but by the recovery of the' territory
•which is ours by the contract, and the expulsion
of the delinquents, with the forfeiture of all theii'
rights in and under the Union, frorii which they
have withdrawn. To say with a gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Wadsworth] that this is an ad-
mission of the right to secede, is to confound the
fact, which is one thing, with the right, which is
another. To assert with the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] that this is a concession of
their independence, which would authorize their
recognition by foreign Powers, is to forget that
we have rights whieh no violation of the contract
by the other party can destroy. It would bejust
as sensible to insist that a judgment of outlawry
was a release of the traitor from his allegiance,
and authorized the Government to which lie fled,
toespouse his quarrel and adopthim as its citizen.
Upon this question of the forfeiture of political
rights some further light may be borrowed from
the practice of nations in the application of the
ins postliminii, which refers, according toGrotius
and Bynkershoek, as welltocasesof territorial re-
capture where a whole community is involved, as
to those where the goods of a subject once seized
as prize of war are afterwards retaken from the
hands of the captors. And here I think it will
be found that even the provinces of a confedera-
tion which have been wrested from it by an ene-
my have not always been reinstated in their ori-
ginal privileges, as reason would seem to adjudge
that they ought to be.
Thus the inhabitants of the district of Drenthe
were in 1580 admitted into the confederation of
Utrecht, but theircountry was afterwards invaded
and occupied by the Spaniards. After the enemy
had withdrawn and evacuated their territory, al-
though it seemed clear to Bynkershoek that they
had recovered all their former rights by virtue of
the law ofpostliminy, nevertheless, although they
several times petitioned the States General to be
readmitted into the Union, no order was taken,
and afterwards, in 1650, when their deputies at-
tended at a meeting of the States, they were re-
fused admittance.
Again, theprovinces of Guelderland, Utrecht,
and Overyssei were taken by the French and
afterwards recovered. Bynkershoek remarks
thereupon, that while they were m the power of
the enemy they certai nly were not en tit led to then
former rights as confederates, and on that ac-
count their delegates were, very properly ordered
not to attend any longer at the meetings of the
States General; but when they came again into
the possession of the States they were readmitted
by a decree of that body, restoring them to their
former municipal and confederate rights,'except
that Guelderland was deprived of one vote m the
assembly, and several other conditions were im-
posed, one of which was that they should swear
anew to thearticles of the confederation as if they
were admitted for the first time. _
These, however, were cases of seizure and
occupation by an enemy; ours, of a voluntary
abdication of Federal rights and an organized re-
sistance by governmental action to the Federal
law There is no case here, therefore, for the
application of the law of postliminy. Some of
these States, on the contrary, constructed out of
Territories purchased by this Government, were
lifted from the posture of subject and dependent
provinces upon the platform of the Union, on
the condition of obedience to its laws, and by
their voluntary abdication of the privileges so
conferred have, as it seems to me, by an inevi-
table logic, lapsed back again into the territorial
condition. There is no ground upon which it
can be claimed that any of them have been the
victims of a public enemy, who has wrested them
from the possession of their local governments.
The action was corporate and social. It was
: the local governments themselves that sinned.
1 Where they have been recaptured the local Uov-
