1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stand in his way. I am ready, therefore, to take
the course that will be most agreeable to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read an extract from the Journal of Mareh 7 re-
lating to the action of the Senate on this bill mak-
ing it the special order.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" On motion by Mr. Sumner, the bill (S. Wo. 141) to re-
peal all la\v>s for the rendition of fugitives from service or.
labor was read a second tune, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
"and on motion by Mr. Sumner,
"Ordered, That the bill be postponed to, and made the
special oider of the day for Wednesday next, at half past
tivelve o'clock, two thirds of the Senators present agree-
ing thereto.5'
Mr. DAVIS. The effect of that order would be,
if the subject was not concluded at one o'clock,
to continue it under the consideration of the Sen-
ate as the special order for this day, 1 suppose,
and not for the morning1 hour. However, the
suggestion of the Senator from Massachusetts
would be most agreeable to me, if it is only ac-
ceptable to the Senate; and that is that the other
bill should be taken up and should first be dis-
posed of.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask the Senator if it
would be agreeable to him that the subject now
before the Senate should be made the special or-
der, we will say, for Friday next at half past
twelve o'clock?
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to any day
after to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the further
consideiation of the bill be postponed until Fri-
day next, and be made the special order for that
day at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
by making it the order of the day for this day
week. 1 think some reasonable time ought to be
given to examine the reports made by the ma-
jority and the minority of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator has not made
the examination, and he really desires that the
consideration of the bill should be postponed for
a week, I will consent to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should not have made
the motion if I did not desire it. I do not say that
I am going to debate this question, but of course
if I desire to do so, I wish to have time first to
examine the reports.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I accept the prop-
osition of the Senator, and 1 will modify my mo-
tion according to his suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on postponing the bill until Wednesday
next, and making it the special order of the day
at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 156) to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives, and
the amendments of the House to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the *uul bill disagreed to by the llou-e of Itepie^enta-
tiven, dtsi^ree to the amendments ot tiie Hou^e to other
amendments of the Senate theiefn. and asiee to the con-
ference at^ked by the House on the d^agreung votes of the
two ILm>es theieou.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Fes-
senden, Mr. Foot, and Mr. Carlile.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 220) to vacate and sell the present
Indian reservations mUtah Territory, and to set-
tle the Indians of said Territory in the Uinta val-
ley—to the Committee on Military AlFairs and
the Militia.
A bill (No. 302) to amend section nine of the
act approved July 17, 1862, entitled " An act to
define the pay and emoluments of certain officers
of the Army, and for other puiposes'"—to tiie
Committee on Military Allans and the Militia.
A bill (No. 301) to amend an act for enrolling
end calling out the national forces, so as to in-
crease the rank, pay, and emoluments of the Pro-
vost Marshal General—to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
MESSAGE FKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
69) to constitute Parkersburg, in the State of West
Virginia, a port of delivery; and also that the
House had passed a joint resolution of the Sen-
ate (No. 11) of thanks to Major General George
H. Thomas and the officers and men who fought
under his command at the battle of Chickamauga,
with amendments, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had appointed Mr. Thomas Wil-
liams, of Pennsylvania, one of the managers on
the part of the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 156) to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864, in the
place of Mr. Glenxi W. Scofield, excused.
AMBULANCE CORPS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 30) to establish a uniform system of am-
bulances in the armies of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. There are but two amendments
made by the House. One is to substitute the
word " shall" for il will," and the other is to add
the word "mules" after the word "horses" for
ambulances. The amendments are right, and 1
hope they will be concurred in at once, i move
that the Senate concur m those amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
COTTON SPECULATIONS BY OFFICERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of the morning hour of yesterday is now
before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of tiie United States be re-
quested to transmit to the Senate the report and evidence
taken by the military commission at the head ot which was
Majoi General Irwin McDowell, appointed to investigate
the conduct of officers ot the Army, and other* engaged in
the military service, in cotton and oth^r speculations; and
that the Protdenr be aKo requested to accompany said re-
port and testimony with any and ail testimony in his pos-
ses-ion or m tiie War Department tending to elucidate the
transaction embraced or rcteried to in said report.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Lane, of Kansas, in line one, after the
word " requested," to insert, " if in his opinion
not inconsistent with the public interests."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senate will
adopt my amendment. I should like very much
indeed to have this testimony with the testimony
included by the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, so far as General Curtis is concerned,
brought before the Senate and the country; but I
know that great injustice will be done by calling
for this testimony as a whole. We have an in-
stance in our State of a general who has since
that roportgone out of the service, who is assaulted
indirectly by that commission. He is innocent,
and yet his fair fame will be tarnished by the pub-
lication of this testimony. I hope the President
may be permitted to judge of the propriety of fur-
nishing thss testimony to the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objections to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Kan-
sas, but I do not think the resolution itself ought
to be adopted. This commission was not a tri-
bunal known to the laws of the country. It was
neither a civil nor a military court. It was a com-
mission authorized by the President or the Sec-
letary of War to make inquiry as to the truth of
ruiuois that had been put ailoat through the news-
papers and in other divers ways. There had been
no charges made against any officer of the Gov-
ernment, civd or military, in that direction m such
a tangible form as to enable the Secretary of War
to organize a court for the trial of any human being
on earth. But certain individuals had put into
' circulation rumors through the newspapers and
orally that prejudiced the character as was thought
of some of the officers of the Government; and
for the purpose of asceitaining whether there was
suiUcieiit foundation in these rumors to justify
charg'-s being preferred p/o forma against any of
the oiliccrs of the Government, tins commission
was organized. They entered on the discharge.-
of their duties and made a report. After this Re-
port was made,-when General Curtis and others^
demanded a court of inquiry, or a court-martial^
to try them for the alleged offenses as stated ifr
the newspapers, they were informed that there
were no charges preferred against them.;
In this condition of things the Senator from
Kentucky demands that the record of that com-?
mission shall be sent to the Senate, and-says, iff
so many words, that the Senate Has a righ t to €h&
record. If it were the record of any tribunal'
known to the law, either civil or military, his afc*
legation would be true, and I would vote for ^he-
adoption of his resolution; but with great respect
for his opinion I submit that this commission wa#
in the nature of an inquiry put on foot by a grand'
jury charged with the duty ofascertaining whether
some offense had been committed. Who ever
heard of a call being made for the record of a grand
jury in a case when they themselves allege that
they have found no charge against any human
being on earth; that they have examined the ru-
mors that have been afloat in the country and Have
found no facts thatjustifythem in bringing charges
against anybody ? That is this precise case.
A parallel case might be made if some outside
person should demand the record of the Senate
here in executive session. When-charged with
the examination of the fitness of some nominee
for office, they examine into rumors alleged to
prejudice the character of an individual whose
name comes before the Senate and ascertain that
there are no just grounds for the rumor, and then
somebody outside should demand that the pro-
ceedings of the Senate shall be made public. Sir5
it seems to me that this is an unheard-of demand; it
is without precedent.
If this were the record of a court-martial or a
court of inquiry known to the law, I would vote
for th& Senator's resolution; but it is not. This
commission was a mere informal inquiry, put on
foot by the President of the United States, to as-
certain whether there were facts to justify a formal
examination; and when he himself has ascertained
that there aie no such facts in existence, and so
states to the parties whose names have been men-
tioned in connection with the examinations, it
seems to me it is unbecoming the Senate to make
a request of him for the written statement of facts
which he has ascertained in such an informal pro-
cedure.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to enter
into any further argument of the case. I merely
desire to have a vote upon the resolution. I can-
not fully comprehend the positions taken, by the
various Senators,however, in this debate. Some
of them say there are certain charges in the report
of this commission that would be damaging to the
reputation of officers. Others say that when the
commission made their investigation of these
charges they turned out not to amount to any-
thing, and that the parties whose names have been
used in connection with it have not done wrong.
The honorable Senator from Iowa says it was not
a proceeding authorized bylaw. I had supposed
military commissions of this kind could go out
from the War Oifice lawfully. If it is not a pro-
ceeding authorized by law, it strikes me the War
Officc, or the President, or whoever authorized
this commission, must have acted in violation of
law; which I do not presume is the case.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator, I think, mis-
apprehends my remark. I did not say that it
was organized m violation of any law.
Mr. POWELL. I did not so understand the
Senator. I understood him to say it was notau-
thorized by any law. If it was not authorized
by law, certainly there must have been some vio-
lation of law; it was an unlawful proceeding, to
say the least of it. However, I am willing that
a vote should be taken on the resolution at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tiie question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
| is on agreeing; to the resolution as amended,
j Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays;
i and they were ordeied.
j Mr. GRIMES. I do not desire any miscon-
j struction to be placed on my vote. I never have
| and never intend to vote against calling for the
I proceedings of any legitimate court of inquiry or
