1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
court-martial where the party who was arraigned
had an opportunity to appear by himself or coun-
sel and defend himself; but 1 do not intend to
vote for this resolution. Because a commission
appointed as my colleague has said, and I have
 o doubtlie is correct, without expressauthonty
of law goes around and fishes up ex parte testi-
mony and reduces it to writing, I do not think it
is, the province of the Congress of the United
States to call that ex'parte testimony before them
and print it and send it out, not knowing whether
or not it is calculated to impeach the character of
tile men who may thus be assailed. If this were
a court of inquiry or a court-martial, or if the par-
ties who were supposed to be involved in this in-
vestigation had had the slightest opportunity to
be heard, I should not record my vote against it,
but, oh the contrary, should record my vote in
favor of it; but I cannot consent to stab the repu-
tation of the men who are fighting our battles for
us, as I believe we should stab them if we should
call for this sort of ex parte testimony and cause
it to be printed and spread before the country.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall vote on precisely
tho ground stated by the Senator from Iowa. I
look upon this as a record of unproved charges,
and 1 think it is exceedingly improper that they
should be made public.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will recollect
that an amendment has been adopted leaving tho
discretion entirely with the President to answer
the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is discretionary for the
President to make it public now if he gees fit; but
if we ask him to do it, we place the burden of
proof on him.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me say in addition, that
I do not make these remarks for the purpose of
exculpating General Curtis; for I know that his
record is perfectly blameless, and the testimony
that would bo called for under this resolution! wnh
the amendment which I have proposed would show
his entire innocence; but I do not know whether
other officers have been arraigned in the same in-
sidious manner in which General Curtis has been;
I do not know what investigations have been had
in regnid 10 other individuals; and until 1 du know,
1 am not prepared to vote for this resolution.
Mr. LAN K, of Kansas. 1 propose to vote for
this resolution as it has been amended, for the
reason that I do nut wish to place myself in the
position of refusing an investigation of any kind,
in any way, or in any direction. 1 feel assured
that the President under it will furnish to the coun-
try the evidence so far as General Cuitis is con-
cerned pro and con. 1 hope he will do so. 1 know
that the record places General Curtis m a proud
position before the country. It shows that he
was vilely slandered, and that he has been sus-
tained by the President of the United States.
Mr. CONN ESS. That would be very well if
we were not establishing a precedent for like ac-
tion, and for continued calls of this kind affecting
generals and public officers all over the country.
For the reason stated by the Senator from Iowa
and his colleague I shall oppose every sueli reso-
lution as this.
Mr. POWELL. I will merely rematk that the
precedents are abundant and full in favor of pub-
lishing such leports; for instance, tho Fieinont
commission, mid also the commission to examine
into gun contracts, to which I referred the other
day.
Mr. GRIMES. The Fremontcommission was
a commission sent out by the legislative body it-
self. I ask the Senator from Kentucky to cite a
single instance similar to this where the proceed-
ings of a military commission were ever pub-
lished.
Mr. POWELL. The commission to investi-
gate ordnance and gun contracts was issued from
the War Office, and their report was published by
the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. There was no commission in
that case. We merely called Cor the facts from
the Department of War, and they sent us a state-
ment of the contacts.
Mr. POWELL. By a resolution which I in-
troduced, the Senate called for the icport made by
Mr. Holt and Mr. Owen on gun contracts, and
that report was printed.
The question hems taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Buckalew, Carlile, Davis, Hendricks,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Nesmitli,
Powell, ltiddle, and VVngUt—tJ.
NAYS—Mcbsr^. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Conness,
Dixon, Poolutle, Fes^tiden, Foot, Fo?ter, Grimes, Har-
ding, Hailan, Harris, Howmd, Howe, Morgan, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sau'lstmry, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Wade, Wilkinson,
Willey, and WilbOn—25. T
So the resolution was rejected.
• ■ CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
Mr. CARLILE. In looking over the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Public Lands
as printed with Senate bill No. 109, to expedite the
settlement of titles to lands in the State of Cali-
fornia, I find a slight amendment omitted that I
desire to be inserted. It may not have been in
the manuscript. I move to strike out 
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. That bill is notbe-
fore the Senate.
Mr. CARLILE. I wish to state why! desire
the Senate to take it up. It will not take a mo-
ment. 1 merely wish to make a correction in ref-
erence to an act which is made a part of this act.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 109) to expedite the
settlement of titles to lands in the State of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. CARLILE. In the forty-fourth line, on
page 3, after the word " act," I move to strike out
the word 4 4 of, "and insert the word " approved
and after thp word " February," in the same line,
I move to insert" 23d ;"and after the word " four,"
in the next line, to insert4' entitled 'An act amend-
atory of and supplementary to an act to provide
circuit courts for the district of California,' " &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE. Now the bill can lie on the
tahie.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OK COLORED TROOPS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is the unfinished business of yester-
day, being the bill (S. No. 145) to equalize the
pay of soldiers in the United States Army, which
is now before tho Semite as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being-on theamend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Dams.]
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Secretary to read that
amendment.
The Secretary read it, to add the following as
an additional section to the bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That every fdaveor slaves [lint
may have been heietoloie oi may heicafrer he taken into
the -mm vicii oi I ho United Stat< the loj al imun or ownei-.
of such slave or slaves shall he entitled to their lair aurl
reasonable value.to he aseeitained by thiee eoiinm^ioners
to he appointed by the Umied Stales dMiiet eouit lor the
disliiot from which Mich "-lave oi slaves may luvt; been
taken, and Mich eommi^ioneii-. shall take evidence and re-
poit on the points ol the lovalty and ownei.-dup of the claim-
ants, and the value of -ucl) slave oi slaves, and when said
repot tig coufnmed by thedNtiieteourf aforesaid it shall ho
conclusive on the {mints <mbiaerd by it; and on the pte-
sentatiou of an authenticated copy of said repoitto the
Treasury Depiulment any sum or sums thetein appearing
to be due any loyal owner or owners shall be paid out of
any money m the Tieasurv not otheiwise appropriated.
Mr. D AVIS. Mr. President, there is no mem-
ber of the Senate who is more sensible than my-
self of the distaste with which the majority of this
body hear any ubjections toils favoute measures,
especially those connected with the war they are
waging, not only against the rebels, but also
against slavery; of the repugnance with which
that majority hears me in opposition to such
measures. 1 do not complain of the fact, and I
do not assume that it is unreasonable. 1 know
the frequency and the length with which I ad-
dress the Semite in a weak and fruitless opposi-
tion to the measures of the majority. Hut, sir,
I have a. child's baigain to ofict to that majority.
If they will in futuie forego the piesenta'tion of
measures that are an infraction of the rights of
property and of the Constitution of the United
States, and if they will repeal all laws and neg-
ative all executive proclamations of that charac-
ter, I shall have nothing further to say upon the
subjects of these measures and proclamations.
Mr. President, for the last month the Senate
has occupied, I believe, fully two thirds of its time
in legislation for and concerning the negro; and I
suppose ihe negro, instead of the white man, luis
absorbed fully three fourths of the sympathies of
the inajoiity of the Senate, so far as they were
manifested 111 its legislative and official action.
Although I am partly responsible, I am not alto-
gether, for the time that I have occupied in con-
testing measures and propositions that were in-
tended, in my opinion—at least they do, whether
they were so intended or not—infringe the consti-
tutional rights of property of my constituency,
and of large portions of the American people.
Sir, the mind of man is a perpetual enigma.
The operations of his reason, of his sense of jus-
tice, right, and duty are perpetually varying, and
present some of the most strange phenomena of
which we have any knowledge. Among the strik-
ing peculiarities of the human intellect these are
specimen evidences: men lay down a particular
theory or they advance a proposition. The one
or the other or both enlist their feelings, their in-
terests, their imaginations, their passions, and
they immediately set themselves to work to bend
principle and truth and law to establish the the-
ories and the conclusions which they have prede-
termined to accept as true. That is one of the
fruitful causes of error.
Another cause of error is this: that in high
party times every man who enlists under a party
banner becomes an adherent of that party, right
or wiong. He immediately shuts his ears and
his mind against all facts, all principles, all-rea-
sonings that are in hostility to the purposes of
the paity of which he is a member. He excludes
the light of truth and of principle as far forth as
he can, and he can do it very effectually, from
operating on his understanding.
The honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes,] who was kind enough to interpose last
evening to induce the Senate to adjourn for me
upon this bill, for which I thank him, is peculiarly
an impersonation of the modes of self-deception
and of error to which I have justadvertcd; and with,
the exception of the Senatois from Massachu-
setts, I do not know a member of this body who is
more prone, who is more alert and inevitable ill
treading that path of error than that honoiable
Senator. 1 wish he was in his place. The Sena-
tors to whom I have referred, and a good many
others, have predetermined per fas aut ncfits that
slavery is the greatest sin of the world; that it is the
cause of tho present deplorable rebellion and war;
and without any regard to constitutions or laws,
Federal or State, they are resolved to walk over
all opposing obstacles and to immolate what they
call " the cause of the war." If I were toappeal
to histoi y, to th'- usages and the experience of the
world, to Ihe laws of property as they have been
established and recognized in every civilized coun-
try, to the constitutions and laws of the various
States and of the United States, for the purpose
of establishing the fact of the existence of prop-
erty in slaves, those gentlemen would be as im-
pervious to all such appeals that I could make as
any mail-clad and turieted gunboat, to which the
honoiable Senator from Iowa has devoted so much
of his time and thought, would be to the shots of
an enemy.
Every member of this body and all men of any
general reading are acquainted with the political
history of the United States for the past ten years.
We know what political and party struggles there
have been in relation, first, to the acquisition of
Texas, then the Mexican war, then to the passage
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and then the admis-
sion of Kansas with the Lecompton constitution.
All these subjects of party division and of party
action are familiar to the people oftheUnitedStatcs,
and especially to tho members of this Senate.
But, sir, suppose that the course of events had
been different and the issue of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill and the Lecompton-constitution con-
flict had been reversed from what the fact is; that
Buchananand his Administration had forced Kan-
sas with the Lecompton constitution into the
Union of these States, and that at the last election
Breckinridge instead of Lincoln had been elected
Piesidentof the United States, who doubts that
in that st^te of fact there would have been a re-
bellion r Who doubts that there would have been
a groat popular rising against the authority and
laws of the United States ? Who doubts that the
lebellion would have been in the free States, and
that it would have originated where they had previ-
ously rebelled against the execution of the fugi-
tive slave law? 'Who doubts that if such a rebel-
lion us that had arisen that the members of the
Hepubiican party, almost to a man, in the Gov-
ernment and out of the Government, in Congress
and out of Congress, would have given in their
