2954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
It has often been asserted by the Opposition
that the Crittenden amendments would not have
saved the country from war. I will not rest the
solution of this question upon my own opinion.
X appeal to the proceedings in the Senate for a
correct estimatsef their value. SenatorPugh, of
Ohio, has put on record the following testimony
as to what could have been done under a proper
desire to save the Union:
" The Crittenden proposition has been indorsed by the
almost unanimous vote of the Legislature ofKcntucky. it
has been indorsed by the Legislature of the noble old Com-
monwealth of Virginia. It has been petitioned for bv a
larger number of electors of the United States than any
proposition that was ever before Congress. I believe in
my heart to-day that it would carry an overwhelming ma-
jority of the people of my State; ay, sir, and of nearly
every State in the Union. Before the Senators from the
State of Mississippi left this Chamber T heard one of them,
who assumes at least to be president of the southern con-
federacy, propose to accept it and maintain the Union if
that proposition could receive the vote it ouglu to receive
from the other side of the Chamber. Therefore, all of your
propositions, of all your amendments, knowing as I do, and
knowing that the historian will write it down, at any time
before the 1st oi January, a two thirds vote for the Critten-
den resolution in this Chamber would have saved every
State in the Union but South Carolina. Georgia would be
here by her Representatives and Louisiana, tliose two groat
States which at least would have brokenthewholocolurrm
of secession."—Globe, second session, Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress,, page 1390.
To show that yielding would have saved us,
we quote thelamented Douglasatan early period:
" The Senator [Sir. Pugh] has said that if the Critten-
den proposition could have passed early in the session it
would have saved all the States except South Carolina, i
firmly believe it would. While the Crittenden proposition
was not in accordance with my cheiished views, I avowed
my readiness to accept it, in order to save the Union if we
could unite upon it. I can confirm the Senator's declara-
tion, that Senator Davis himself, When on that committee
of thirteen, was ready at all times to compromise on the
Crittenden proposition. I will go fuittiei and say that ]\lr.
Toorabs was also."— Globe, second session, TkUty-Sixlh
Congress, page 1391.
Judge Douglas said in a speech in the Senate,
January 3, 1861:
" I address the inquiry to the Republicans nlone, for the
reason that, in the committee of thirteen a few days ajro,
eveiy memberofthe South, including those from the'ootton
States, [Messrs. Toomhs anil Davis,J expiessed their readi-
ness to accept the pioposuiou of my venerable friend from
Kentucky [Mr, Ciittenden] as a linal settlement of the con-
troversy, it tendered and sustained by Republican mem-
bers. lienee the sole responsibility of our disagreement.
The only difficulty in the way 01 amicable adjustment is
with the Republican party."
Judge Douglas has so often been quoted on
this floor as authority, 1 scarcely think any one
willdeny what he said. Then, sir, the prescntAd-
ministration and its friends are responsible for the
non-settlement of our difficulties, and are equally
chargeable with the secessionists for every drop
of blood which has been shed. The very acts of
the Opposition prove they did not desire to have
peace arid tranquillity reign, but preferred blood-
shed at the risk of national ruin and bankruptcy.
Hear the present Secretary of the Treasury:
Washington, February 9,1861.
* Or; ah Sir: Thanks for your note ami explanation of that
vote, it may be useful. There in a greater disposition to
compromise than I like to see. But I hope the best. Half
a dozen of the border State gentlemen ltave been in our
room to-night:Btheridgeand Stokes, ol'Teiinessi-e; Adams
and ISristow, of Kentucky; Gilmer, of North Carolina, and
others. I really sympathize with tkc}n,})ia see no tcason
why we should 'saerijicc -pei manently a t.arok power to help
them, lor tile purpose ot gaining tcmpoi arily a ijttli: one.
if ours, cordially, S. r. CHAPE.
"There is a greater disposition to compromise
than I like to see," says Mr. Chase. Certain
southern gentlemen had been in his room asking
for compromise. He really sympathized with
them, but his party fealty held him against a set-
tlement.
We hear it frequently asserted that the respons-
ibility of not quelling the rebellion in its infancy
rests with President Buchanan. If there ever was
a clear and satisfactory defense for any public
man in times of great national danger, that de-
fense undoubtedly belongs to Mr. Buchanan.
That he exorcised rare qualities of statesmanship
and a most exalted patriotism is a proposition
which I regard as beyond all controversy. It is
true that he was of all men in the country the
most anxious that our difficulties should be set-
tled without a resort to arms—
cc For the field of the dead rushed red on his sight."
In the Gulf States the excitement ran high.
Southern men, who, as Mr. Douglas testifies,
were willing and anxious for a settlement, en-
treated him to exert his influence with the north-
ern men to meet them on equal grounds. His
days were spent in unavailing attempts to have
them appreciate the danger. They listened not
to his admonitions, and when he brought the sub-
ject to their attention by his message of January
8, 1861, and urged upon them the necessity of
either compromising the difficulties or giving him
power to raise the requisite forces, they scorned
his counsel and refused him the power. Congress
contented itself with preparing and listening to
angry speeches, still more exciting the public
mind. The peace convention was broken up by
Republicans. Yet through all these dark days
Mr. Buchanan safely carried this Government
and handed it over in full vigor to Mr. Lincoln.
That he should have done so well, standing as he
did between two parties bent on the destruction
of the country, will be the great wonder of our
children. It is a most fitting commentary upon
the policy of Mr. Buchanan's administration that
Mr. Lincoln, for six long weeks ilfterhis inaugu-
ration, followed precisely in the footsteps of his
predecessor. This fact speaks more for the wis-
dom of Mr. Buchanan's policy than all the praise
of his most ardent friends.
I repeat it, Mr. Speaker, and history will sus-
tain me in the declaration, that the same breath
which casts calumny upon Mr. Buchanan for
an alleged inefficiency must cover with unspeak-
able shame the man who, with that experience
before him, chose to walk in the same path. Mr.
Lincoln well knew that up to the day that Port
Sumter was fired upon the prospect for a settle-
ment had not faded away. The three great States
of Virginia, Tennessee, and North Carolina still
stood fast for the Union, and he himself had but
a short time before expressed the opinion that the
Union sentiment predominated in every southern
State except perhaps South Carolina. Mr. Bu-
chanan acted upon the belief that the American
people could never be guilty of such gross folly
as to lash themselves to pieces in a civil war.
Had Fort Sumter been fired upon during his term
of office, force would have been met by force.
General Dix in a speech made not long since bears
this testimony to Mr. Buchanan'sresolution; and
he, it will be remembered, was a member of the
Cabinet, and ought to know what he affirms.
War is upon us; what shall we do? Shall we
resign ourselves to the fate of a dismembered re-
public, or will we spring up, giant-like, to a new
hope of a speedy peace and restoration of the
Union ? Under this Administration we never can
have it. I take it, sir, it is not the intention of the
Opposition to have peace until every negro is free.
If this was not their object the Administration
in power would have faithfully adhered to the
resolution adopted by Congress with unparalleled
unanimity on the 22d of July, 1861, " that this
war is not waged on their part in any spirit of
oppression, for any purpose of conquest or sub-
jugation, or purpose of overthrowing or interfer-
ing with the rights or established institutions of
the States, but to defend and maintain thesiqirttn-
acy of the Constitution, and to preserve the Union
ivilli ull the dignity, equality, and rights of the sev-
eral States unimpaired." They will free the slaves
of the South and enslave their own children in
the most galling yoke known to mankind, that of
enormous taxation to pay an immense publicdebt.
I charge it upon the Opposition—
That they are not in favor of a restoration of
this Union; that, iti the event of the election of
a Democratic President in November next, they
will be in favor of the recognition of the south-
ern confedeiacy.
That the war has been made a pretextand apol-
ogy for the usurpation, by the President, of pow-
ers unwarranted by the Federal Constitution, and
totally irreconcilable with the letter and spirit of
our institutions.
That the war has been conducted to buildup a
party at the expense of blood and treasure and
time, and at the hazard of permanent separation
of the States.
That the conduct of the war has been character-
ized by corruptions unprecedented in the history
of any people, for winch the President has in
many instances declared himself responsible.
That the present Administration has commit-
ted itself to doctrines which elevate the military
above the civil power, affect the purity of the bal-
lot-box, and endanger the personal libertyof the
citizen.
That the policy now declared is fatal, not merely
to all ideas of a legal reunion of the States, but fore-
shadows future bankruptcy, constant agitation,
the establishment of a large standing army, and,
in a time not remote, a military centralization such
as to-day exists in France.
If we are prepared for all this; if we close our
eyes and shut our mouths, and do not raise our
voices against the infringement that is now being
made upon our rights, and we permit the present
Administration to remain in power, we should
bow our necks to the yoke of tyranny without a
murmur. But if we intend to secure to ourselves
the imperishable boon to speak, to act as a free
people, and to enjoy liberty and preserve our
rights, we must retrace our steps to a strict ob-
servance of the laws and the Constitution. The
question is with the people to decide. " Where
there is a will there is a way." No bristling
bayonets, no threats or executive influence can
tame the will of a people who love liberty. Their
fires will be kindled upon every mountain side,
until the valleys are lurid with the burning insense
upon the altar of liberty, and their shouts will be
heard above the din of battle:
" To arms, my friends. And let no sword be sheathed
Until our laud from cliff to lake is free !
Free as oui torrents are that leap our rocks,
Or as our peaks, that wear their caps of snow
In the very presence of the regal sun I
A country is never lost that hath one man
To wrestle with the tyrant who would enslave her!"
The liberty of speech, the freedom of the bal-
lot-box,and the inalienable rights of the citizen
are worth preserving. If defending them on this
floor makes this side of the House, in the opin-
ion of gentlemen on the other side, sympathizers
with the rebellion, we know we do our duty, and
that unborn generations will rise to bless the
memory of the men who have preserved for them
the rights and privileges of their fathers.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker,
I have had no time to prepare remarks for this
occasion that would be worthy of a subject of
such importance to the people of this country as
that which we have now before us; but I cannot
avoid expressing my opinions and feelings on
this question, and, standing here for my constitu-
ents, to declare in their behalf my desire that the
amendment of the Constitution which this bill
contemplates shall finally prevail.
There are so many reasons and so many ar-
guments that might be urged in behalf of this
measure that I hardly know where to begin. )t
seems to me that our prosperity as a people, our
progress in civilization, and our duty to man-
kind, demand such an amendment of the Consti-
tution, and that if we evade it we shall be guilty
of treason to human liberty and human rights.
The American Revolution of 1770 was the
great event of the eighteenth century, and in my
opinion the greatest event of the last eighteen
hundred years, and one even of more importance
than any other that has taken place in the civil-
ized world. It was not because it severed the
connection of the thirteen colonics with the
mother country and erected them into an inde-
pendent nation, but because the result of that
Revolution was the establishment of a Govern-
ment based upon principles not recognized in any
other in all the history of the past. It was an
attempt to create political institutions that should
harmonizem practice with the great cardinal prin-
ciples of Christianity as taught by Christ and
His apostles, principles which I believe are yet
to prevail universally and make their way to the
dominion of the world. They were new in the
history of nations, for they taught the duty of
protecting the poor and succoring the oppressed,
and enjoined the deliverance of all men from
the bondage of body or soul and the education
and consequent elevation of the race.
Mr. Speaker, they are well expressed jn the
Declaration of Independence, which affirms that
all men are created equal and possessed of rights
which are inalienable; that Governments can righ t-
fullyexistonly with the consentof the governed,
and that they are established for the protection
of the humblest as well as the most exalted mem-
ber of the body-politic, and to secure them in the
enjoyment of those rights with which God en-
dowed them when He gave them existence.
It was a belief in the possibility of such a Gov-
ernment that' caused the American Revolution
and carried our ancestors successfully through
