1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
soldiers for its armies and laborers for its fields
is not any more obvious to me than that of the re-
peal of the edict of Nantes or the expulsion of the
Moors from Spain—I could have planted myself
with assured confidence. I find nothing there that
looks to an attainder, nothing that even touches
the persont nothing but authority to seize ene-
mies' property and carry it into court for con-
demnation by a proceeding in rem—against the
thing itself—-as lawful prize of war. The ques-
tion of treason is practically adjourned, although
not absolutely waived, by the posture of the bel-
ligerents. The framers of that law have obvi-
ously looked to this as the alternative, well know-
ing that, although it is a maxim of the common
law that there is no wrong without a remedy,
there was no remedy here if this one failed.
And this leads me back to the question what
is the authority that the public law, which is the
law of the case, and pro hac vice the law of the
Constitution, gives us over the rights and prop-
erty of an enemy? And on this point Bynker-
shoek, of whom Chancellor Kent remarks in
Griswold vs. Waddington,(16 Johnston, 438,) that
he is " one of the most distinguished writers on
public law, and that his treatise on the law of war
nas been more quoted and relied upon as author-
ity in Europe and America than that of any other
writer," says that "if we take for our guide
nature, that great teacher of the law of nations,
we sljall find that anything is lawful against an
enemy," (p. 2;) and further, that a nation that
has injured another is considered, with everything
that belongs to it, as being confiscated to the na-
tion that receives the injury, (p. 4;) and also
that " if we follow the strict law of war, even im-
movables may be sold and their proceeds lodged
in the public treasury, as is done with movables,
though throughout almost all Europe immova-
bles are only registered, that the treasury may
receive during the war their rents and profits, and
at the termination of the war, the immovables
themselves are by treaty restored to their former
owners." The same doctrine is laid down by
Wildman, (vol. 2, p. 9;) and in the case of
Brown vs. The United States,(SCranch, 110,) the
broad principle was assumed that war gave the
sovereign full right to take the property of the
enemy wherever found, and that the mitigations
of this rigid rule, which the wise and humane
policy of modern times has brought into practice,
may more or less affect the exercise of the right,
but cannot impair the right itself. It has never
been disputed, however, that the property of the
sovereign may be confiscated, and this on the
ground tiiat public wars are wars only between
sovereigns.
And now let us look at the practice.
On the 2d of April, 1599, the States General
issued an edict with regard to all kinds of prop-
erty, wherever found, which is in these words:
" We declare lawful prize all persons and goods"
—the word bona in the civil law including every
kind of property, but chiefly applicable to real
estate—" situate or being under the jurisdiction
of the King of Spain, wherever the same may be
taken."
And again, the States General, on the 14th of
July, 1584, declared the people of Bruges and
Vrye, who had gone over to the Spaniards, to be
their enemies, and ordered all their goods, ac-
tions, and credits, public as well as private, to be
confiscated. And afterwards, when the people of
Venlno had also gone over to the Spaniards, the
Earl of Leicester, by his edict of July 9, 1586,
declared them guilty of the crime of high treason,
and ordered all their goods, movable and immov-
able, and all their actions and credits, to be con-
fiscated. " Nor must it be believed," says
Bynkershoek, " that these things were decreed
concerning those of Bruges, Vrye, and Venloo,
merely because they were not so much enemies,
as traitors."
It seems, then, that though the strict law which
authorizes the seizure of everything, has been
modified by the usages of nearly all Europe, so as
to restore it by treaty in the cases cited—which
by the way are more than five hundred years after
the Norman conquest—the practice was other-
wise in one of the most liberal, enlightened, and
republican nations of that continent, as it cer-
tainly was during the eatiier ages of republican
Rome. There is as much difference, however,
between usage and law, as there is between gen-
erosity and justice, in dealing with the affairs of
nations.
In the conquests of ancient times, however, even
individuals lost their lands. " Nor is it a matter
of surprise," remarks Vattel, f< that in the early
ages of Rome such a custom should have pre-
vailed. The wars of that era were carried on be-
tween popular republics and communities. The
State possessed very little, and the quarrel was
in reality the common'cause of all the citizens.
But at present one sovereign wars against an-
other sovereign, and not against unarmed citi-
zens," (p.388.)
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wads-
worth] states the rule which rests upon this idea,
and distinguishes between the sovereign and the
subject, without reference, however, to the ques-
tion whether the citizen is armed or not, as he is
unquestionably in the present quarrel. He does
not deny, if I have correctly understood him, that
the property of the sovereign himself may be law-
fully taken. In the same speech, however, he
declares, and rightly, too, that the sovereignty
here is m the people. By his own logic, there-
fore, the property of individuals may be lawfully
taken in a war between republican States which,
as Vattel remarks, is in reality the common cause
of all the citizens.
But we are not yet done with Vattel. He says
further:
" But a conqueror who has taken up arms not only
against the sovereign but against the nation herself, and
whose intention it is to subdue a fierce and savage peo-
ple, and once for all to reduce an obstinate enemy, may with
justice lay burdens on the conquered nation, both as a com-*
pensation for tin* expenses ofthe war and as a punishment."
(Ibid., 389.) " He may, according to the degree of indoeil-
'ty apparent in their disposition, govern them with a tighter
rein, so as to curb and subdue their impetuous spirit; he
may even, if necessary, keep them lor some time in a kind
of slavery."
And again: "Although," as he suggests,
" towns and countries should not be deprived by
their conqueror of their liberties, privileges, and
immunities on account of his quarrel with their
sovereign," he adds:
u Nevertheless, if the inhabitants have been personally
guilty of any crime against him, he may, by way of punish-
ment, deprive them of their rights and privileges. This he
may also do if the inhabitants have taken up arms agam>t
him and have thus directly bceonie his enemies. Jn that
case he owes them no moie than what is due from a hu-
mane and equitable conquetor to his vanquished foes.
Should lie meiely and dimply incorpoiate them with his
former State, they will have no cause of complaint." (Ibid.,
387.)
And further:
" The whole right of the conqueror is derived from justifi-
able >en-defeiise,\vhfch comprehends the support and pros-
ecution of his rights When theielore he has totally sub-
dued a hostile nation,he undoubtedly maym the first place
do himself justice respecting the object which had given
rise to the war, <md indemnity himself for the expenses and
dangers he has sustained by it. lie may, according to the
exigency of the ca-?e, subject the nation to punishment by
way of example. lie may even, if prudencerequires,ren-
dei her incapable of doing mischief with the same ease in
future, i^ome princes have contentedthemselveswithim-
po'-mg a Tribute on the conquered nation, others with de-
priving her of some of het lights—taking from her a prov-
ince, oi erecting foitre^sei to keep her m awe." (Ibid., 388 )
"But it he has to do with a perfidious, restless, and dan-
geious enemy, he may by way of punislimentdeprive him
of some of h *i towns or provinces, and keep them to serve
as a barrier to his own dominions. Nothing is more allow-
able than to weaken an enemy who has rendered himself
suspected and formidable. The lawful endot punishment
i^s future security." (Hid., 384.)
Grotius remarks, however, that "in civil wars,
be they great or small, there is no change of prop-
erty but by the sentence of a judge;" but the
learned Barbeyrac, in a note on this passage, says
.that the civilian Ulpian distinguishes between a
real war and a civil war, on the ground thai, the
former is made between those who are enemies,
and animated by the spirit of enemies, which
prompts them to endeavor the ruin of each other's
States; whereas in a civil war, however perni-
cious it often proves to a State, both parties are
supposed to intend the preservation of theState.
The one is only for saving it in one manner* and
the other in another. So that they are not ene-
mies , (inter qxiosjura captwitatiumauipotiliminium
fuerunt, &c.,) and every person of the two parties
continues alwaysacitizen of the State so divided.
The result of all these authorities, then, is that
the present is not a civil war only, but a real war;
that by the law of nature and of nations in such
cases, the treatment of the conquered depends on
the particular circumstances ofthe case; thate very-
thing is lawful; that everything belonging to the
offending party is confiscated; that the practice of
nations has authorized the forfeiture even of the
real estate of individuals; that this was more es-
pecially authorized in quarrels between republics;
that where the quarrel is not with the sovereign,
but with the nation, and the intention is to sub-
due a fierce and savage people, the conqueror may
lay burdens on them, not only by way of com-
pensation but of punishment; that if they have
been personally guilty of any crime, and have
taken up arms against him, he may deprive them
of their rights, and owes them no more than what
humanity and equity require; that he may do him-
self justice respecting the object which nas given
rise to the war, and indemnify himself for the ex-
pense and damage he has sustained; that he may
subject his enemies to punishment; and that he
may render them incapable of further mischief.
Indemnity, security, and punishment are all, there-
fore, means of self-defense which may be legiti-
mately used.
And now let us inquire whether the forfeiture
of the estates and property of the traitors—of
those who have been actually in arms againstus—
whether they consist of lands or slaves, is required
for these purposes. If it be, there is an end of
thequestion. 1 have no desire, individually, that
anything shall be done for purposes of vengeance
only, t£ Fee vlctis" is not the maxim of a humane
conqueror. " Parcere subjectis, debellarc superbos"
is the rule by which 1 would be governed. I
would not exclude the idea of mercy. I agree
with the great poet of human nature that
" It becomes
The throned monarch better than his crown:
And earthly power then shows likest God's,
When mercy seasons justice."
I am not clear, however, as to the wisdom of
a proclamation of amnesty in advance as a meas-
ure of pacification, without limits as to time, and
where submission after conquest, and when it is
no longer a virtue but a necessity, is to be re-
warded with the same impunity as a voluntary
return to duty before that time. But what is the
offense, how much have we suffered from it, and
how is its recurrence to be prevented ?
I think I may safely say that human history
presents no parallel to this rebellion. Since the
revolt of the rebel angels there has been no ex-
ample of an insurrection so wanton, so wicked,
so utterly causeless, and so indescribably fero-
cious and demoniac as the present. It was not
the case of the oppression of a Government whose
weight had borne heavily upon the people. It
was none of a violation of the fundamental law.
The object was not redress, like that of our Rev-
olution, but destruction. It was a rebellion against
the majority rule for the purpose not of reforming,
but of overthrowing the Government, and erect-
ing upon its ruins another of an oligarchic cast,
whose corner-stone was property in man. It was
the product of a system which threw all the lands
of the South into the hands of a few men. It
involved an act of aggravated treason against a
humane, paternal, and unoffending Government.
It has been conducted with a degree of inhuman-
ity that has no example except in barbarian wars.
It has involved to us an enormous expenditure
of money and of blood, its suppression has be-
come impossible without removing the cause of
strife, and disabling our enemy by liberating his
slaves, and arming them against him. It cannot
be repaired. Theic is no reparation possible that
would be commensurate with the injury. Can
you breathe new life into the bones that orna-
ment the necks and fingers of southern dames,
or bleach unburied, without even the humble priv-
ilege of a grave, on southern battle-fields? Can
you reclothe them with the comely vesture that
has been given to the vultures of the southern
skies? Who shall restore the shattered limb;
whofill the vacantchairatthe family fireside; who
give back the husband and the father, or dry the
tears of the widow and the orphan ? What trump,
but that of the dread archangel, who gathers the
tribes of the earth for the last solemn judgment,
shall awaken the gallant dead who sleep in bloody
garments in their beds of glory, from their deep
repose? Mock not the grief that is unutterable
by the suggestion of indemnity or reparation.
" Give me back my legions !" was the passionate
exclamation of the Roman Augustus, when a
swift messenger brought to him the tidings ofthe
slaughter of Varus and his brave companions in
