1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
i97y
the forests of Germany. " Give me back my
children !" is the wailing cry that will burst from
the bosom of the American mother, who weeps
like Rachel for her first-born, by the waters of the
Merrimacand the Ohio—ormock me not with the
idea of reparation. There is no reparation for
it, as there can be no punishment-, except in the
divestiture of the rights and the seizure of the
estates of the guilty leaders. There is no secur-
ity except in the distribution of the latter, and the
complete exorcism of the hell-born and hell-de-
serving spirit that has wrought all this world-
wide ruin.
These things are necessary. Is there anything
in the law of nature to prevent them? Gentle-
men object that to seize the inheritance would
be to visit the sins of (he guilty upon the inno-
cent. They plead for the wife whose counsels
have driven the husband into rebellion. They
weep crocodile tears for the offspring who have
been taught to spit upon the flag of their country,
who are without title until the decease of a pa-
rent who may happen to die intestate, and upon
whom no law of nature, but only the law which
he has violated, would in that case have devolved
the succession. The widow and the children of
those, however, who have fallen in the effort to
suppress this unholy rebellion have no share in
their sympathies. The chances of war may strip
them of their inheritance, but that makes no dif-
ference with them. They take no account of the
fact that nature and Providence have alike de-
creed that the sins of the fathers, and even their
misfortunes, shall be visited upon their children,
and that the law which authorizes the sale of the
estate for the debts of the former has everywhere
affirmed its justice. The misfortunes of a north-
ern man and his death in pghteous battle at the
hands of a southern assassin, may rcduce his off-
spring to beggary. All this is right; but to allow
the family of the traitor who has dealt a foul blow
at the social state, and stricken down all the se-
curities of property, to suffer, is regarded as a
great injustice. The felon-brood may run its
plowshare over the bones of the loyal martyr,
while his children are perhaps eating the bread
of charity in their northern homes, and it is all
right, because the former are the saltoftheearth,
and a just punishment would only exasperate
them into a new rebellion. Let them rebel. A
just poverty will render their efforts harmless,
and, by teachingthem the value and respectability
of labor, make them only wiser and better men.
With my consent they shall never trample upon
the relics of a northern soldier. I would carve
out inheritances for his children upon the soil that
his sword has ransomed, and his blood baptized
and fertilized. God's justice demands it, and the
heart and conscience of the American people will
say, A men.
But gentlemen here insist that we cannot sub-
due the revolted States, and ask triumphantly
whete there is an independent Government with
ten millions of people, maintaining itself for three
years, that has ever been ^conquered ? "What do
they mean by this language ? Do they intend
that we shall not conquer them if they can pre-
vent it? Why do they insist on exaggerating the
numbers and prowess and resources of the enemy,
and ignoring the facts of history, to show that
subjugation is impossible ? Do they participate
in the feeling which they have done so much to
inspire, that one of this barbarian rabble which
claims to. belong to the master race, and rejoices
to hear itself called a nation of Cavaliers by de-
generate spirits on this floor, is equal to at least
six northern freemen with all the advantages of
an unbounded credit and a high civilization?
When they say here, and say to thecountry, that
twenty-three million %vhite men with four mil-
lion blacks, all battling for liberty, and with
these great advantages m the struggle, are unable
to subdue less than four millions of their own
race, without credit or resources, and with 110
higher inspiration than slavery, they libel the peo-
ple of the Noith, by declaring m effect that they
are not worthy to .be free. But what do they
propose in view of these opinions, supposing
them to be true ? They say that they wish to
preserve the Union, but that this is not to be ac-
complished by fighting for it. They desire to
treat for its restoration. Their nostrums are, in
the language of agontleman from Indiana, con-
ciliation and concession." Well,theformer has
been tried under border State counsels. Wecar-
ried on the war for eighteen months on the prin-
ciple of doing as little harm as possible to our
enemy. They have declared, however, again
and again that they will only treat on the footing
of their entire independence. Negotiation ad-
mits the fact of secession, if not the right, and
involves only the alternatives of recognition or
reconstruction on such terms as they may choose
to dictate. Do gentlemen here propose to.avdid
dismemberment and preserve the TJniohby gbing
into the confederacy? Is this the Concession that
is to be the peace-maker? Is this the errand on
which we are to send embassadors to pass under
the Caudine yolte? Wo. Gentlemen here may
humble themselves to the dust-, and confess fheir
unworthinessin the presence of this superiorrace,
but they have mistaken theirmas£ers,the'people,
if they suppose that they have any idea'of falling
into the barefooted procession of mendicants
which is endeavoring to find its way South, in
order to kiss the black stone at the Mecca of trea-
son, to which they turn so reverentially in their
speeches here. The people are high-spirited, if
their servants are not. They know that if we
have not whipped the rebels it is only because
we have taken counsel from the men who thought
we could not. They intend to clear up this as-
persion on their manhood by showing that they
can not only subjugate the rebels in the South,
but that they can do the same, if necessary, with
their sympathizers in the North. They have
made up their minds to chastise the self-abasing
thought out of those who have entertained it, and
to preserve this Union at any sacrifice, and woe
to him who ventures to gainsay their decision!
But then there is a difference of blood, which
renders conquest, and would, by the same logic,
render a harmonious reunion, impossible. Gen-
tlemen on the other side insist upon distinguish-
ing, to their own disadvantage, between the North
and South in this particular. They tell us that
the latter are a nation of Cavaliers, while we are
only Puritans or Quakers or Pennsylvania Dutch.
Well, if it were true, and they were twice as nu-
merous as they are, there is nothing in the facts
of history to warrant the servile reiteration here,
of the Richmond vaunt that they cannot be con-
quered, and will die in the last ditch, if necessary.
The little island of Great Britain holds in bond-
age the Celt of Ireland and the hundred milfttms
of India, while the Mantchou Tartar dominates
over three hundred and fifty million Chinese.
Alexander left the world as a legacy to his gen-
erals, and the Ottoman still sits upon the Bospho-
rus, and sways his scepter over the imperial city
of the East. But it is not true. Gentlemen on
the other side are as much out, I think, in then-
ethnology as in their history. There is no dis-
tinction cjf blood, and none of habit or opinion,
except that which must prevail between a higher
civilization and a lower one. If they mean that
the men who colonized the South were a superior
variety of the same stock, they speak in ignorance
of the fact that the New England Pilgrims were
the very highest and purest type of the genuine
Englishman, abandoning high social positions
and comfortable homes, m the quest of liberty in
the New World, while the colonists of the South
were, with a few exceptions, a motley and mis-
cellaneous herd of mere adventurers, some flying
from their creditors at home, and others rejected
by the stomach of the Old Word, and vomited per
force upon our shores. If they mean that they
are of the class which believes in the divine right
of kings, in the idea of an exclusive caste, and
that free society is a failure, then they are, per-
haps, right. But these opinions were not im-
ported by them. Theyareofindigenousgrowth.
They are the legitimate offspringof the institution
which turns the man into a chattel, and makes
him the property of his fellow. They are the re-
sults of a social system that ignores the idea of
republican equality, and cannot possibly exist,
as it never yet has existed, in any other than an
essentially aristocratic State, which it must ne-
cessarily engender, if it does not find it ready-
made. Ill this sense of the word they are indeed
a sort of bastard Cavaliers—with this difference,
however—that the type of the class was a pattern
of knightly faith, who honored and worshiped
his God, his lady, and his king; while this, the
counterfeit presentment, is a sort of Jonathan
Wild—half highwayman and half footpad—re-
joicing in treason, murder, perjury, and r'obbery,
and signalizing his faith and gallantry by lynching
Methodist preachers, selling or burning negroes,
or hunting them with Mood-Hounds,-and "perse-
cuting helpless and unoffending Yankee schodl-
ma'ams. And yet there is not a miserable sartu-
hiller in the Carolinas who does ho't 'daim, updn
northern testimony, such as we listen to here^a
lineal descent from the companions of the Con-
queror, and strut and swagger with art arr even
more lordly than the aans-eulotte Mosquito
or the equally ambitious and pretentious native of
the Gold Coast, who, in complete destitution of Sll '
nether ibteguments, buttons up his superior man,
and-treads the deck of a man-of-war m the regi-
mental coat of a British officer. "• •- "• '
There is one fact-1 admit, and it is the only one
that does seem to indicate'an ethnological differ-
ence, and that is that the newly invented Cavalier,
like the Frenchman and the Spaniard and the other
dark-skinned races of southern Europe, crosses
readily with the black man, as the Teuton rarely
does with either the black man or any of (he
Celtic tribes, whose politics, ignoring generally
the individual man, know no Government with-
out a king, as their religion knows do Church
without a pope. The blood of these two great
families of man, flowing side by side in parallel
currents for more than a thousand years in France,
has never intermingled, and the example of the
French and Spanish settlements in Louisiana,
Ftorida, and the Canadas, is evidence that they do
not intermingle here, but that the Latin races,
like the Indian, are dying out under the shadow
of the paler Northman. I leave the negro, how-
ever, and his place in nature and the social scale
to the ethnologists like the gentleman from Ohio,
only advising further researches in this new
and interesting branch of political science. I am
not personally averse to these speculations. I do
not know whether the question of politics may
not turn out at last to be no more than a question
of ethnology. Setting the darker races aside, I
have been sometimes tempted to think that I could
almost determine a priori from the physiogno-
mies around me here the political complexionsof
the men to whom they respectively belonged.
On this hypothesis I should have put the gentle-
man from Ohio just where 1 find him.
I do not, however, insist upon the fact just
mentioned as conclusive upon the point of con-
sanguinity, and am still willing to confess, if their
friends here will consider it no disparagement to
the chivalry, that we belong to the same family.
I would not underrate the stock either in its cour-
age or capabilities. They are just asgood in that
respect as ourselves, and no better. That wedo
not harmonize is only attributable to the institu-
tion that makes them fierce and proud and bar-
barous, and haters of everything that savors of
democracy. Take that away, and we shall run
together again like two globules of mercury.
Take that away, and there never was a people
more homogeneous than ourselves, with the ex-
ception of the one disturbing element, the Celtic
Irishman, who, with high courage and quick and
generous impulses, if he cannot be absorbed—or,
if gentlemen on the other side prefer the etymo-
logical hybrid, miscegenated—will probably be
subdued into habits of republican obedience under
the instruction of the Yankee schoolmaster. Take
that away, and we shall have no one cause of
discord left.
Rather, however, than do this simple thing—
demanded as well on grounds of consistency as
of security—gentleman on the other side, who ad-
mire the Cavalierand dislike the Puritan, would
prefer to treat with the former at the expense of
the latter. In the Cincinnati convention of 1856,
a delegate from Pennsylvania declared that in case
 fa separation that State would go with the South.
New York was expected to take the same direc-
tion, and upon these assurances the South went
out. The programme was that the pestilent Pu-
ritan, who would think and talk at all hazards,
because he claimed it as his birthright, must be
excluded. There was no place in any plan of
reconstruction for him. New England was to be
left out in the cold.
Leave out New England in the cold! Well, I
am no Yankee. No drop of my blood has ever
filtered through that stratum of humanity. I
claim, however, to be a man. I think I love lib-
erty above all things, I know that I can respect
