JFBB OO^GRESSI(MAJ&
tTunc 14,
and the curses of our posterity. If the South
bccumo an independent nation they would form
alliances with France and England, and be ready
in a few years to renew the war. Let no one sup-
pose we should be able to live long in peace with
them, or that a pretext would be wanting on their
part for a rupture. A confession of our inability
to vanquish them would increase their contempt
for us, and, burning with a desire to avenge their
fancied wrongs, they would seize the first occa-
sion to involve us it) a war more desolating than
we are engaged in now. Better fight this out now,
for, come whatwiilj we cannot consent to adisso-
lution of the Union; that would be the greatest
calamity that could befall us.
The opponents of the Government who belong
to the peace-at-any-price party are anxious to
convince the people that they cannot carry on this
war much longer because.of the expense involved
in it, and that national bankruptcy and financial
ruin are inevitable. One of my colleagues, who
I am sorry to say is not a friend of the Adminis-
tration, fixes the liabilities of the national Govern-
ment on the 1st day of July nextat $3,000,000,000.
The people in his opinion cannot pay the interest
on this debt much longer; but if he is a friend of
the Union, as he assures me that he is, I am con-
fident that lie will thank me for showing him
that ho is mistaken. The entire indebtedness of
the nation at the close of the fiscal year in July
next will not exceed ยง1,800,000,000, and should
the war continue a year longer, it will not reach
the amount which he asserts is due already. We
have ample means for the payment of this debt
were it much larger than it ever will be. In 1850
our national wealth amounted in round numbers
to $7,000,000,000. In 1860 it had reached the sum
of $16,000,000,000; and should it continue to in-
crease in the same ratio for the next forty years
it will amount to more than $400,000,000,000. Our
population will soon bo double what it now is,
and the debt we incur in suppressing the rebel-
lion will not be large in comparison with our re-
sources. Our taxes may be burdensome for a
while, but the people are willing to pay them.
They know what this Government is worth and
they will not suffer it to be destroyed.
Hut we are told that we cannot conquer the
South. Sir, if we do not conquer them they will
conquer us. One side or the other must be subdued.
There is no escaping that result and j>o poacc to
be had on any other terms. Those who have
watched the progress of the great commander
whose army is now thundering at the gates of
Richmond believe he will be successful, and that
no matter how bravely the rebels may feht, no
matter what skill and genius they may display
in the handling of their armies, no matter how
despair may nerve their arms, their defeat is
mevitable.and they will have to submit at last to
the armies of the union.
Fresh troops arc pouring in from every part of
the country, and the northwestern States alone
have furnished one hundred thousand men in the
last thirty days for the reinforcement of our
armies.
Ohio tendered thirty-five thousand, and the
most of them were ready to march as soon as they
were accepted. They were ordered to man the
forts and defenses of the frontier, but when thoy
saw our wounded heroes borne back from the
battle-field they besought the President to order
them to the front, that they too might prove their
devotion to their country and peril their lives in
its defense. Michigan has furnished more than
her quota of men for every campaign since the
commencement of the war. Thousands of her
sons have fallen in battle and sleep on southern
soil, but 1 trust when the last trumpet sounds
they will rise under the same flag that waved
over them when they fell.
While our armies are fighting our battles the
people have nominated our worthy President for
another term, and intend to elect him by an over-
whelming majority. They have confidence in
his patriotism and ability, and laugh at the silly
charges of our enemies that he will rob them of
their liberties and despoil them of their rights.
They will sustain him in whatever lie may do at
this time for the salvation of the Union. Sir, it
is not the friends of the Government, not those
who desire its preservation, nor those who love
liberty and hate despotism, who complain of the
Executive or foe! aggrieved at anything he may
do. It is your half-way traitor, the sympathizer
with treason, who will do all he can in behalf of
the enemies of the Union and escape conviction
under the laws. These are the men who are pra-
ting about tyranny, talking about arbitrary ar-
rests, and debouncing those who would save the
country at any hazard whatever.
Sir, the Constitution confers sufficient power
upon the President to enable him to put down
this rebellion, and the people expect he will use
it against the enemies of the Republic, whoever
they may be.
The able statesman whom we have selected for
the second place in the people's gift resides in the
South; but those who have listened to his denun-
ciations of treason, and who know his hatred of
slavery, his love of liberty, and his devotion to
the cause of human rights, rejoice that he has
been chosen for a post of such importance, and
will give him their hearty and undivided support.
Mr. Speaker, we cannot magnify the import-
ance of the issues involved in this conflict for the
supremacy of the Government and the integrity
of the nation. Our cause is that of the whole
family of man, and every lover of liberty in the
Old World is watching the progress of this strug-
gle %vith intense solicitude. Never since the Son
of God expired on Calvary has any event trans-
pired upon earth in which every human being is
so deeply interested as in the result of this con-
test. It will settle the question of man's capacity
for self-government and settle it forever.
If this Republic is destroyed no other will rise
upon its rums, but if we are successful other na-
tions will follow our example, till liberty is uni-
versal.
Sir, my trust is in the intelligence and patriot-
ism of the people, anil may God helo us to pre-
serve our liberties and institutions, and transmit
them unimpaired to our posterity.
Mr. ItOSS. Mr. Speaker, occupying the po-
sition of a new member, without congressional
experience, I have refrained from participating in
the discussion ofpublic affairs; but in view of the
extraordinary assumptions indulged in by lead-
ing members of the party in power in arrogating
to themselves to be the exclusive Union party,
and hurling their anathemas of disloyalty against
the Democratic party, I deem it due to my con-
stituency and myself to probe their pretended
Unionism, toanswerand repel thegravecalumny.
Perhaps the radical members from Maryland and
Ohio [Messrs. Davis and Schexck] have been
the most arrogant in theirassumptions and vitu-
perative in their aspersions, while smaller craft
have followed in their wake.
As evidence to sustain the slanderous imputa-
tion, reference is made to certain resolutions of-
fered in the Legislatures of Illinois and otherStates,
and votes cast for Democratic nominees for Gov-
ernor. Now, sir, the resolutions of said States,
and the views of said candidates for Governor,
may be submitted to the severest test of scrutiny,
and the most unscrupulous mendacity cannot
show a word or sentiment which does not breathe
the purest patriotism and exhibit the most ex-
alted devotion to the best interest of the country.
I profess to have some knowledge of this party,
having for thirty years been an humble member
within the pale of its organization, aiding and
rejoicing in its triumphs, and sorrowing over its
defeats. A party has never existed more national
in its principles, conservative in its action, or
patriotic in its impulses than the old Democratic
guard. Sir, it has a clear record and an untar-
nished history, which will live m the affections and
memories of ttie people as long as personal liberty
and free constitutional government shall endure.
^Permit me to call attention to a few significant
historical facts: the Democratic party made the
Government, they laid broad and deep its solid
foundations and built the magnificent superstruc-
ture. From its organization, with few and short
exceptions, they have held and governed it. For
over sixty years it exercised its functions. Under
its auspices and wise legislation we increased from
three or four millions to over thirty millions of
population, from thirteen to thirty-lour States;
under the tegis of our flag our commcrco floated
upon every sea, honored and respected through-
out the world, without large armies or navies or
a national debt to paralyze industry, exhaust the
substance, or fester in the flesh of the people;
they carried us safely and ti umiphamSy through
the war of- 1812 and with Mexico; they added
large accessions of territory to the national do-
main; the rights and liberties of citizens were
protected and defended at home and abroad, on
the land and the sea; Government securities weie
eagerly sought and commanded a premium in
coin; the people were happy, prosperous, and
contented; the public mind was securely at rest
in the abiding faith that the experiment of free
government had proved a success, that they had
built upon a rock, and the gates of hell should
not prevail against it.
These, sir, are some of the trophies scattered
along the highway of our national greatness, ac-
quired under the auspices of that party now
charged with disloyalty by these newly fledged
Unionists. In behalf of my constituency and the
Democracy of the country 1 pronounce the charge
a willful, malicious slander, and hurl the imputa-
tion back in the teeth of the calumniators with
merited scorn and indignant contempt.
Having said thus much in vindication of the
Democracy, suppose we carry the warinto Africa
and feel the strength of the enemy. And you
are a Union party, are you ? Pray tell us when,
where, and how jmi got to be a Union party?
Surely it was not in I860, when with taunts and
jeers you sneeringly called us " Union-savers."
Many of these latter-day Unionists are from the
old Federal stock, lineal descendants from the
Tories of the Revolution, enemies to the Union,
the Constitution, and our form of government
from the beginning. Disciples of the Adams-Ham-
iltonian-Federal theory, they wanted a stronger,
more consolidated system; they held it unsafe to
confer general political powers into the hands of
the people, they distrusted their capacity to gov-
ern themselves, and would have modeled our or-
ganic law more after the British form; but Madi-
son, Jefferson, and their compeers thwarted their
machinations. Since then they have been rest-
less for a change, ever ready to coalesce with any
party or faction to extirpate the Democratic
theory and change the form of government; and
although the names are legion by which this
Federal scion has been known, they never before
had the presumption or unblushing impudence to
call themselves a" Union party." They a Union
party! No, sir; thoy are the most wily, danger-
ous enemies the Union has ever encounteied;
their pretended devotion is only to enable them
more effectually to undermine the Government
and filch from the people their liberties. Judas
saluted his master with a kiss that he might be-
tray him into the hands of his enemies. It is to
be hoped that our Union and Constitution may
survive the deadly embrace and hypocritical kiss
of these latter-day Judases, who, less scrupulous
than their prototype who exacted com as the pi ice
of innocent blood, are willing to take pay in con-
tracts, cotton, or greenbacks.
Sir, this fungus "Union party" came into
power with treason in its heart and perjury upon
its lips; they took upon themselves a solemn oath
to support and maintain the Federal Constitution,
and at the same time held and promulgated the
treasonable doctrine that our form of government
had proved a failure, and could not endure, al-
though for over three quarters of a century we
had lived beneath its asgis, enjoying the blessings
of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness such
as had never fallen to the lot of any other people
in the woild's history. How could it be expected
that they would successfully administer a Gov-
ernment which in advance they had declared a
failure? Our revolutionary fathers made it to en-
dure as long as time should last. They little
thought in laymg the solid foundations for future
empire that it would cease to endure and crumble
into fragments within the first century. It did en-
dure, answering all the purposes of a perfect Gov-
ernment for over eighty years, and in our simpli-
city, except for the teachings and practices of this
new Union party, we would never have doubled
its stability or endurance. Thanks to an over-
ruling Providence and the virtue,patriotism,and
wisdom of our fathers, it has so far successfully
endured the assaults of open enemies and the cov-
ert embrace of pretended friends; it has enduied
and outlived every danger except four years' rule
of the party in power, and that is truly hard to
endure; and although the aspect of our national
affairs looks dark, gloomy, and portentous of
evil, let us never despair of the Republic, but
