1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
pended breath upon the swaying fortunes of this
I'itanic struggle. It is the great battle of the ages.
It is universal humanity in its last death-wrestle
with the powers of despotism. It is a narrow yiew
of this controversy to suppose it a question of
freedom to the negroonly. The chain that binds
four millions black men and as many white, both
North and South, leaches not only to far distant
Afiica,but grasps in its iron links the men of all
climes and complexions, from the green island
that hangs at the belt of Britain to the gorges
of the snowy Caucasus — from the Hindoo who
bathes in the Ganges to the Kalmuck who pas-
tures his flocks upon the steppes of Tartary.
I trust we shall not either ignore.or underrate
our mission. We are in the midst of a new ex-
periment upon thegrandest theaterthat the world
ever saw. God has so fashioned this country as to
make it an indissoluble unit. What He has so
joined together all the powers of earth and hell
cannot rend asunder. The man who would con-
sent to divide it upon any terms is like the false
mother who was willing to take the mutilated
half of the child. The individual who would treat
for its severance, or even send an embassy to
those who insist that nothing short of this will
satisfy them—if an American—is a man I cannot
comprehend. I do not claim any more natural
sensibility than other men, but when the dome of
this Capitol first rose before me in the spring-time
of life, I looked upon it with a feeling to which
no words of mine could give expression. It was
not the colossal pile of masonry—it was not the
Doric column,or the storied architrave, or the fres-
coed wall, or the tesselated floor, or any of the
wonders of Grecian or Italian art, which the last
few years have so multiplied around us. It was
the great thought, of the Union, embodied—it was
the great fact of the Union, idealized in stone; it
was the starry ensi n that fluttered over these
Halls where the nation's Representatives were
assembled; it was the reflection that there, under
that banner, in these seats, and hanging in these
galleries, were congregated the representative men
of half a continent—from the icy lakes of the
North to the orange groves of Louisiana—from
the men who hunted the moose on the hills of the
Aroostook to those who chased the buffalo over
the great prairies of the West; men who never
met elsewhere, but were here commingled in com-
mon brotherhood, in devotion to the one great
idea for the development of which this vast con-
tinent seems to have been specially reserved.
Away with thejaigonof art in such a presence
as this! Blood, pulse, and heart confessed the
power of that overmastering thought. It was a
part of the education of the boy; and as I come
back now, in the maturity of years, to take my
seat in these Halls—enlarged and beautified as
they have been—as one of the Representatives of
a domain which dwarfs the empire of the Mace-
donian; to realize that yonderimperial bird, which
stoops over your head—the sea-eagle _of the vi-
kings—a little rapacious perhaps at times—has
swept within almost a generation, with a pinion
stronger than that of the .eagle of the Ctesars,
over a region almost as wide as any that ever
owned their sway, while the establishments of
the Old World have paled with affiight at the
rush of its mighty plumes; blood, pulse, and
heait still recognize the sublime idea that was re-
sponded to by the bounding pulse of boyhood.
God of our fathers ! what an inheritance for hu-
manity, and what a theater for the sublimest of
its developments, and what a trust too for us who
have been summoned heie in the hour of the na-
tion's agony to witness the new birth that is to
be the resurrection to a new and better life ! And
who is the degenerate American in this great as-
semblage that would even hold counsel with those
that would imagine its dismemberment? Who
is it that, in view of the past fate of all who have
faltered hi the hour of tile nation's trial, and of
the resistless current that is now drifting the fee-
ble and the faint-hearted into oblivion, will be
foolhardy enough to attempt to stem that ava-
lanche of opinion which has just swept down
from the White mountains of New Hampshire,
and will strew all the other States with monu-
ments of the public wrath in the wreck that it
is making of the anti-war party of the JNorth.'
Thank God i the dark houi has passed. lhe
sku U of this mighty storm aie drawingoft. ihe
fields that have been watered by its bloody shower
will soon be green again. Wp shall come Out of
this war with a development of muscle and man-
hood that will shame our former degeneracy aiid
make the world tremble at our power. We shall
have passed the ordeal that was to try us asa na-
tion, when we shall have walked the burning plow-
share of revolution—as we shall walk it—with
our garments unsinged, and demonstrated—as we
shall demonstrate—under trials that would have
shaken down the proudest monarchies of Europe,
the intelligent, affectionate, and unwavering loy-
alty of a self-governing people, and the sublime
energy and indestructible vitality of the repub-
lican idea. Our Government will be no longer an
experiment, but a fact of history; and we shall
resume our no longer questionable rank among
the great Powers of the earth, as first among our
peers, the great Republic of the Western Hemis-
phere, one and indivisible.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker,
the bill under consideration is one of serious im-
portance, and involves principles that controvert
and overthrow all our preconceived ideas of the
admissio'n of States into this Union, and ought
not to be adopted without due deliberation. I be-
lieve it to be an utter subversion of the Consti-
tution; that we have no warrant or justification
whatever for it, in that instrument, even by giv-
ing it the most latitudinarian construction. In
my opinion it embraces a plan that can never be
enforced except by the military arm; and it is
only the precursor of the establishment of a des-
potism, instead of the republican form ofgovem-
ment upon which we have so long been accus-
tomed to pride ourselves.
The proposed plan and that of the President
are fraught with so many objections that pru-
dence would dictate theirabandonment. I believe
the great question is not the reconstruction of
State constitutions, when we have not a foothold
in one of those that seceded that could be retained
fora day upon the withdrawal of our armies; and,
with the exception of Tennessee and probably
Arkansas, the portions we occupy in every other
are but a small fi action of the whole State.
But, sir, let me first rccur to the past. It is but
a few years since an American citizen could look
upon the broad map of his country, and with a
laudable pride truthfully exclaim, "It is the only
free one upon the globe!" Our commerce pene-
trated every sea, and there was no nation so pre-
sumptive as to dare with impunity interfere with
our flag. Agriculture, manufactures, in fact all
the industrial callings, teemed with their pains-
taking devotees. There was a general distiibu-
tion of employments, each avocation providing
for its proportion of the workers of our country.
The rich prairies and the once dense forests gave
unmistakable evidence of lhe industry, patience,,
and perseverance of our people, and the churches
and school-houses afforded proof of their virtue
and intelligence. To the eye of the traveler ail
this betokened that ours was indeed a happy coun-
try, and only needed prudence in'our rulers, and
patriotism, conciliation, and a due attention to the
requirements of our Constitution and the genius
of our Government among all classes to make
those enjoyments perpetual. Then we had com-
paratively no national debt, and the Government
was wholly supported without resort to taxation
or levying money upon the States. Then the
rights of each individual, however humble, were
respected, and no infringement thereof,exceptby
due course of law, was tolerated. If illegally in-
carcerated, the habeas corpus was a remedy, and
a denial of the writ would not have been for a mo-
ment permitted. The freedom of elections was
another of the rights of which our people were
justly pioud; and any illegal interference there-
with by the strong arm of an Administration
would have aroused, without distinction of party,
M the entire population. All these matters were the
!' birthright and the pride of .our citizens, and they
i| had fondly cherished the opinion that no power
!| could arise that would dare strike a blow at those
jl privileges, dear-bought and inborn in the Amer-
; ican heart, and which they deemed they eher-
l| ished as their life-blood, and would protect at
j every sacrifice. Then, too, the national and the
j State governments had their respective powers
| properly defined, and each was considered sov-
ereign in its sphere. Our Constitution was held
i sacred,and its support and maintenance the pride
i as well as the duty of every friend of freedom. It
waij " no North and no South," 'he Union, !).nd
the whole Union. Happy but unfortunate delu-,
sion! How Changed, however,,the scene!
But three years have"passed, and our cftizefl^.
are incarcerated for months in loathsome dan-'
geons, and then discharged, even without .their!
offense .or the cause.of'the arrest having' been!
madeltnown. The elective fr^ncfjise ,ha§ been.'
inlerfeied with; arid flree-born citizens .tiaVa been,
compelled to abstain from the exercise' <jf the
rights of suffrage, or vote at the instigation 16f (he
bayonet for'the person prescribed. The wilt of.
habeas corpus has been denied,"the freedom of
speech interfered with, and our rights as freemen
imperiled; the whole industrial pursuits of the
country diverted, our" commerce nearly'banished'
from the ocean, a debt already counted by thou-.
sands of millions of dollars incurred, taxation to
meet our expenses imposed and to be imposed-
in every -imaginable form, and to an unlimited ex-',
tent, and yet our resources not sufficient by hun-
dreds of millions of dollars to defray our annual;
current expenses. We have also a bloody, in-
testine war, and a divided country.
The historic annals of no nation present such
a rapid change as ours. We havedescended from
the height of prosperity to the depths of a pro-;
found abyss, where we find ourselves without a
guide, and no apparent way of escaping. The
prospect before us may indeed appal.the stoutest
heart; and to extricate oar country requires far
wiser counsels and more stability of purpose than'
has been manifested by those who now have
charge of the admiijistra,tio|i'of our affairs. Ids
now over three years since the accession of Mr.'
Lincoln to the presidential chair; and we can We'l
pause and take a brief retrospect of the past, re
view his changing policy, and learn, if we can,
the fortune the future has in store for our coun-
try. This ought to be done with all sincerity
and fairness, but witfc such freedom as the sub-
ject requires. The times demand such a course;
and Mr. Lincoln or any other individual is com-
paratively of no consequence when the " life of
the nation," to borrow a hackneyed expression,
is at stake.
During this Administration its peculiar devotees
have endeavored to make the terras "Adniinistra-
tion"and "Government" synonymous, and to.
charge the person as either a traitor or a rebel
sympathizer who had the'temeiity to canvass the
wisdom of any of the acts adopted by the domi-
nant party or to doubt their expediency^ Since
the rising of the star of Fremont these terms have
become less common; and by thisslight diveision,
in their ranks reason has partially resumed her
throne, and an intelligent arid discerning people
have dissipated the gossamer web with which tlie
demagogue surrounded his specious reasoning,
and they have learned that the "Administration"
is composed of those servants, elected for the time
being to execute the laws of their country, ame-
nable, like the mass of that people, to those laws
and responsible for any violation.
Our country would indeed be in a sad condition
if in the three centuries'progress since the days of
the Tudors we could not have the privilege of can-
vassing the acts of our rulers. It'was then said
by men like Lord Bacon " that the royal prerog-
ative was not to be canvassed nor disputed nor ex-
amined; that absolute princes, such as the sover-
eigns of England, weie a speciesof divinity; that
it was in vain to attempt tying the queen's hands
by laws and statutes,"and " that God hath given
that power to absolute princcs which He attrib-
utes to Himself." Arid Mr. Secretary Cecil, with
all the zeal of some of our modem administrative
zealots, exclaimed, "Before I would speak and
give consent to a case that should debase the pre-
rogative or abridge it, I would wish that my
tongue were cut out of my head."
This doctrine of the days of Elizabeth is spe-
cially commended to those blind devotees thatdep-
recate any canvassing the acts of the present Ad-
ministration; but to that class of ourcitizens who
cherish the memory of our revolutionary fathers,
and are intent upon the preservation of their con-
stitutional rights, it is as odious as that of its cor-
relative, which requires for the present Executive
entire immunity from discussion. It should be
our pride to receive lessons from the historic past,
and profit by them when applicable to our own
ease, and those base sycophants who would sap
the foundations of our liberty, and pave the way
