1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nevved my hope to read that opinion. I have long
known that gentleman* and I have estimated him
as a man of ability and of great personal rectitude.
We all know what an extreme partisan he was
in this Chamber and before he came to it to take
his seat as a Senator from the great State of Penn-
sylvania. But, sir, he has been transfened to a
different atfnosphere, one elevated, pure, enno-
bling. The pulpit of our day has no such influ-
ences or effects, as a general rule. It perverts
and debases, it infuriates men's wicked passions,
expels from their hearts humility, charity, pity,
love of peace and good-will among men. But
when a man of intellect and true soul is elevated to
the judicial bench,and there swears to administer
law and justice impartially, and takes the scales
into his own hands, he poises them evenly, and
he administers, next to God's justice, the highest
and purest that ennobles the earth. There are
some judges in the past, as there are in the pres-
ent of our country, who are unworthy of their
great mission, and sully the ermine which they
wear by becoming the panders of power, by an
ignoble incompetency, or a base surrender of en-
lightened, impartial, sound, passionless, and im-
movable judgment. The judiciary, in our sys-
tem of government, State and national, consti-
tuted of the proper men, is its sheet-anchor, its
great conservative power, imparting to it order,
stability, and permanence, by holding both the
Federal and State Governments, and a!l their de-
partments and officers, in then-oibits. Oneof the
most discouraging signs of the times is that so
many membeis of the legal profession, both in
and out of Congress, fail to sustain properly the
judiciary.
But the case upon which this decision was ren-
dered by Judge Wilmot arose soon after the be-
ginning of the present war. There way a Mr.
Grant who was in New Mexico. He had there
a mill and some stores and provisions that were
suitable and necessary for the Army. The Uni-
ted States Army was there in some foice, and
was about to be moved upon by a large and su-
perior rebel force. The officer in command, a
Captain Moore, directed a Mr. Lord to burn the
mil! and all the propeity of Grant. It was done;
and in that way the property was prevented from
failing into the hands of the rebels and being ap-
propriated to their necessities. The owner of
the property sued the United States in the Court
of Claims in this city, and on the 5th day of the
present month Mr. Justice Wilmot rendered an
opinion from which I will read a few passages.
The questions in that case were, the right of the
claimant to any indemnity from the United States;
and if any, what amount. The very evasions and
sophisms which the honorable Senator ft om Iowa
has brought to his aid in this debate, and of which
he is so astute and so skillful a master, were used
on that occasion; and they were argued and de-
cided by the opinion of the court. The incidental
question whether the property was taken under a
military necessity or under the claim of eminent
domain also arose and was decided, and whether
the military necessity of the occasion lequired
that the propeity should be destroyed by the offi-
cei. in delivering the opinion of the court, Judge
Wihnot says;
u fjpon iho authority of tiio ca&es cited, ami othet* that
might be adduced, a-s well as on the piiueipies winch dis-
tinguish a ca->e ui public noee.-Mt\. utihtj , ur g<>od,iiom the
ovrtruhng neeoMi} which ululate.- the iaw ol individuals,
wo are ot opinion that iho iiyhti'ii! taking of pnvaie prop-
city, tur n-1 oi deduction, when the public exigency de-
mands it. by a nnhtajy olheei commanding any pan of ihe
puMic loic(, l? an of the n<rht of eminent domain ;
and that such a ca^e js not governed by the law applicable
to individual.
"•The h.iTui and i-piut of rhe public law, and of the con-
stitutional piovi-ion an this n-gard, iequ:re< pi^teompensa.-
tiim to be made in every ca>e when pnvate piopcrty i*
rightfully taken tor public use, whetner it be by iegi-'auve
aut hunt} oi und< i the powt io nece warily exercised bv those
commanding our !<u,d aMd naval forces in time of war or
imminent public dangei."
I will next read that portion of the decision
which bears on the question of damages:
"Th<- damu'es innaiu to he consideied; and here an
ohj^ctto.i i- taken atratn-t the allowance or anvthmg, on
li.i- ur! ihi nd ih u the p.opntv. in the eucunif ninety in which
it w,i« placed. \va-without'value 10 th^ownei; that tiife
abandonment !<\ tin; United Static tioop< of the torts In
the vteinitv ot Tucson wa? the inevitable lo-s to (riant of
the ennie "piopi ity, and theiotore its destruction did him
no injnij
!f the honorable Senator from Iowa had argued
tilt; casu before the Court of Claims, he could not
have made a more apposite argument than that
which is here commented on; and remember, that
property was not placed in the circumstances
which then surrounded it by the act of the Uni-
ted States Army alone, but by the joint act of the
United States and the rebel armies, which is a fact
necessary to be kept in mind.
"This ground of objection, we believe, is without reason
or law to support it. The claimant suffered groat loss. Its
immediate and direct cau*e was the burning of his prop-
erty by order of Captain Moore; that the same loss would
have befallen lum in another way is an illiberal and we
think illegal response to the claim for compensation."
The argument was there that if the American
officer and soldiery had not destroyed the prop-
erty it would have been taken from the owner by
the enemy; and as he would have lost it at any
rate, it was damnum absque injuria, to use a legal
phrase, and therefore he was not entitled to have
any compensation for his property; but the court,
in the clearest and most explicit language, over-
ruled that position. They say:
" The property was of intrinsic value, and its worth to
the enemy was the caut=e of jts destruction. In a pecun-
iary point of view it may have been a matter of indiffer-
ence to the claimant whether his property was destroyed or
fell into the hands of the enemy; but to the State it was of
serious importance, and tiio Government preferred to pay
its fair value rather than give its enemies the advantages of
its possession. In such cases, to hold the property worth-
less,,. and deny damages on that ground, is to deny the con-
stitutional light to compensation. If the property is so
ciicumstanced thatunlessde&troyed the enemy would take
it, then, on the principle contended for, no injury was done
the owner; and unless the grounds were very strong in-
deed ioi believing that it would be so taken, the de>ti ucnon
is illegal, and the Government clcarly not liable."
And why? Where itis perfectly apparentthat
the enemy would not appropriate the property
but would destroy it, or leave it to the possession
and use of the owner, the Government is not re-
sponsible; but where it is apparent, as it was in
that case, that the property would be taken by the
enemy arid appropriated to his use, its destruc-
tion by the Army of the United States was a mili-
tary necessity, and rendered the United States re-
sponsible for its intrinsic value.
Suppose that property had been put to sale just
then and there, under all the circumstances that
surrounded the case who would have bid for it;
Who would have given a dollar for the mill or for
the other personal property that was destroyed ?
One army was retreating, and the other advan-
cing in conquering numbers. There was nobody
to bid; and if the property had been offered in
maiket overt, or at private sale, it would have
produced nothing. But the United States Gov-
ernment, by its military officer, ordered its de-
struction; and its destruction under those circum-
stances, where the necessity for its destruction
was produced by the action of both armies, is
decided by this court to render the United States
Government responsible for its full value; and the
judge says pointedly and truly that to deny that
position would be to deny to the citizen the con-
stitutional guarantee that he shall have a fair com-
pensation for his property whenever it is taken
for public use, or destroyed for the purposes of
the Government.
The case of negroes taken and organized as a
part of the United States military force is much
stronger for their owners than this one decided by
the Court of Claims. Ilere there is no rebel en-
emy impairing their value, threatening to take
them from the possession of their owners; theieis
no lebel legislation diminishing their value; there
is no policy of the rebel government, the effects
and consequences of which tend to demoralize the
piopeity orto render it worthless. All these feat-
ures, however, exist in relation to the action of
the Government of the United States. That Gov-
ernment is the perpetrator, and the sole perpetra-
tor, of these wrongs to the loyal owners of slaves.
This case establishes conclusively, as does the
decision of the Supreme Court in the case of
Mitchell vs. Harmony, that occurred during the
war with Mexico, and which is quoted approv-
ingly in thus decision, that without regard to the
existing niul particular circumstances in which j
the propei ty is placed, either by the action of tne ,
armies of the United Slates or the armies of the
rebels, although tins- be the result of their joint ;
action, still if the property is ol such a character ;
that it would bo useful to tne United States and t
to the rebel uimy, and it be reasonably certain ;!
that the rebel army would appropriate it to its use i
unless it was destroyed by the United States mil- i
itary officer, and it is so "destroyed, that destruc-
tion renders the United States responsible for its
full and intrinsic value. The court in this' case
assess the damages.
I will read another passage of this decisioiiren-
dered by Judge Wilmot. I suppose he is loyal.
Things have come to a strange pass in this coun-
try. A great system of injustice has originated
in the executive and legislative departments as we
contend, the consequence of which, by flagrant
violations of the Constitution and usurpations of
power, is to rob free, loyal, and trae citizens of
hundreds of millions of property; and the ma 
who has the audacity to stand up to resist such
an iniquitous course of policy and legislation is re-
garded almost as a senatorial nuisance; and if he
utters an earnest and frequent protest against such
measures, ho is condemned and damned as dis-
loyal, and as a semi-traitor. Sir, " the times are
strangely out of joint" when such exhibitions
and such perverted opinions characterize the Uni-
ted States Senate. We had yesterday certainly
a full and mostlatitudinous exhibition of the free-
dom of debate in this Chamber. If there was
any speech ever made in it that strikes at our
entire system, the Constitutions and laws of the
United States and the#tates,at the social polity,
organism, and civilization of North America, its
Christian faith, and all its received opinions, it
was that made in this Chamber yesterday by thfe
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Brown.] But in the
United States freedom of speech is guarantied,
and let that Senator and all others exercise it in
its broadest scope, even though it become licen-
tious. But, sir, I will proceed with the passage
from Judge Wiimot's opinion:
£c It is the imminence of the danger, the pressing neces-
sity, that yivi.'i the State the right to take, private property ;
yet on this hypothesis, when the danger becomes a cer-
tainty, the necessity inevitable, the Government is relieved
from liability."
That is the false logic the judge is combating.
" The legal maxim, ilcarmum absque injuria, would defeat
tile constitutional piovision seeming compensation, if ef-
fect were given to itiri a case like the one heloie tlie court.
It lias no application whatever when propeity is actually
taken foi public use, and lias been so held by the courts m
numerous decisions. (See note on page lit, Sedgwick on
the Measure ol Damages.) It is only when the property is
taken that the Con-titution provide^ for compensation; it
makes no mention of indirect or consequential damage, and
here and liere only the maxim, damnum absque injuria^ ap-
plies."
It is established by this authority that an ap-
parently inevitable and impending necessity for
taking the property for the public use must exist,
that it may be created either by the demands of
our own Army or the reasonable probability that
it would be applied to the use of the enemy, and
is destroyed to prevent that; and these facts form
one class of cases in which the Constitution se-
cures to the citizen a just compensation for his
property, and that compensation is no arbitrary,
fictitious, and insufficient value or appraisement
put upon it by the Executive, by the War office,
by an act of Congress, or by any military officer,
but it is its intrinsic value. That value is a ju-
dicial and not a legislative question, and it is to
be ascertained by a judicial mode of proceeding.
My amendment proposes to adopt that mode.
In the case before the Court of Claims, the court
assessed the value of the property destroyed at
$61,418 44, and allowed credits amounting to
£,19,'Sufi 44, leaving a balancein favor of the claim-
ant of §41,582, and adjudged that he be paid that
sum from the United States Treasury.
The lio'norable and able Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Howard,] and some other gentlemen
on this floor, seem to avert or to attempt to avert
the position that the owner of a negro taken for
the public use is entitled to a full and fail-compen-
sation for his value, by assuming the position
that there can be no property in a negro, bccause
he is a human being. I have collected some au-
thority on that point, but before I proceed to dis-
cuss that branch of the subject 1 will make a re-
mark or two 011 an incidental question.
it is frequently said that the Governmentwants
soldiers, and that it has a right to take any slave
and make a soldier of him, and that the effect of
enrolling him into the military service is to make
him a fiee man. The eloquent and able Senator
fi om Maryland [Mr. Johnson] assumed that po-
sition; but with the greatest habitual deference to
that Senator's opinions that I have nurtured ana
kept by me for metre than twenty years, 1 dis-
