1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
for the introduction into this country of the arbi-
trary code of despotism of the sixteenth century,
that our enlightened English brethren long since
discarded, should receive the execrations of free-
That Administration that wilt not bear to have
its acts discussed in the press and by the people
is unworthy of a free people's support; and when
discussion is interfered with, ana a quiet acquies-
cence follows, the libertiesofthepeople are rapidly
waning, and it will soon require a herculean effort
to rescue them fr&m total destruction. Though
the attempt may be intermitted, yet if irresponsi-
ble power have been once exercised, and quietly
though temporarily submitted to by a subdued
people, there is no surety upon the recurrence of
a supposed necessity when it becomes indispens-
able to prolong an Administration that like arbi-
trary power may not be again grasped. In times
like these, with the evidences of an implicit obe-
dience by a portion of the military to the more
than imperial behests of the Executive, it be-
hooves us to be doubly active in the preservation
of these rights.
We jiear it daily bruited, both in this House
and in the Administration press, that we have
much denunciation of them, and none for the re-
bellion. The Democracy of this country have no
sympathy or favor for the rebellion. In all their
acts and speeches they have evinced as sincere
devotion to the Union as have the peculiar friends
in the majority. They have rightly deprecated
the cause that has precipitated the war upon us,
and tried to fix the divided responsibility where it
belongs, yet they have givon the Administration
every constitutional aid in bringing it to an honor-
able issue, with our Union and our Constitution
preserved intact. We have voted men and money
for that purpose; we have encouraged the enlist-
ment of our Triends in our gallant Army, and have
bid them God-speed and a glorious success in their
efforts to restore the wholS Union. Have the
Republicans done more than this? Is it neces-
sary now to continue mere shouting? Will de-
nunciation insure success? Will words frighten
the rebel army ? Experience teaches the reverse.
Sacred history informs us that the walls of an
ancient city were destroyed by the blowing of
rams' horns, and the majority seem to be of the
opinion that success will crown their miserable
parody of a like feat. I have ever believed that
patriotic action was superior to denunciation;and
if the party in power had omitted the latter, and
in good faith devoted themselves and the country
wholly to a restoration and preservation of the
Union, that happy consummation would long
since have been realized.
But, sir, we have one thing to console us. No
conservative speaker, 110 conservative paper has
advocated the doctrine of secession. We have
not, like President Lincoln, told the people of the
South that they, " being inclined and having the
power, have the right to rise up and shake off the
existing Government and form one that suits them
belter." And I would recommend my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] in his next edition
of his laudations of Mr. Lincoln to incorporate
this, that our President may not be interfered
with in his copyright title as one of the original
advocates of the doctrine of secession. We have
not, like distinguishedSenatois and others hold-
ing high offices and high places in the confidence
of the Administration, advocated a dissolution of
the Union; but have ever, as in 1833-14, when a
band of traitors assembled at llartfoul for that
purpose, and in 1830, when South Carolina at-
tempted to nullify the laws, stood by the Gov-
ernment and endeavored to preserve it and oui
Constitution as our fathers made them. We
have ever wished, and I trust we will continue
so to do, to preserve that country and that sacred
instrument both from enemies and traitors within
and without. Oar record in this respect is one
of which any party might he proud; and when
pseudo-patriots arise in our midst and arrogate
to themselves all the Unionism and ail the lo'yal-
ism of the country, with such a history as their
leaders present, we may well pause and inquire
the causes of their strange conversion.
I could occupy more than my Hour in brief se-
lections from the public hpeeclies of these gentle-
men showing that the Union they favor is not thv
Union of Washington and Madison, but a new one
of their own devising; ami prove than f their wish
cannot be obtained they will not only prevent
that consummation, the restoring our old Union,
but will aid in forming another. They take to
their bosoms and cherish men whose boast it is
they have devoted their lives to a destruction of
the old Union—men who have proclaimed that
our "Constitution was acovenant with death and
an agreement with hell." The Helpers and the
Giddingsand their pestilent coworkers in dissen-
sion and disunion occupy high positions, while
the consistent patriot, who will notgive hisassent
to every actof the Administration and approve its
usurpations of despotic power, is denounced as a
traitor!
I will not on this occasion attempt to enumer-
ate the various encroachments upon the liberties
of the people and the palpable violations of the
Constitution of which the dominant party have
been guilty. I know it is claimed because that
portion of our once prosperous Union now in re-
bellion have discarded that instrument that we
are also justifiable in departing from its condi-
tions. 1 believe, sir, that our Constitution con-
tained sufficient to enable any Administration to
protect this Governmentfrom the attack of every
enemy without adding to or departing from any
of its provisions. To make our Government re-
spected requires stability in its administration.
The citizen should derive his knowledge of his
own and his rulers' duties from the written and
the established laws of the country; nor under
any circumstances should a departure therefrom
be permitted. If Mr. Lincoln, as he and his
friends claim they have a right to do, for any
cause, transcends the limitations provided for the
performance of his constitutional duties in one
respect, he may in another. It matters little how
praiseworthy his motives or how honest his in-
tentions, the act is none the less a violation of the
Constitution he has sworn to "preserve, protect,
and defend." The argument because the South
have done the same is of no avail; and the con-
sequence is, if the doctrine prevail, we have no
guarantee whatever for ourprotection. The vio-
lation of to-day is n precedent for to-morrow;
and it will require but a few years for our people,
if they submit as quietly in the future as they
have in the immediate past to a power based, not
upon a written Constitution, with the terms of
which they arc familiar, but upon the varying
whims and capiices of that individual who isfor-
tunate enough to fill the presidential chair, to rec-
oncile themselves to a kingly power.
Criminations and recriminations now will not
atone for the past; but 1 believe no exigency has
arisen in our history to render any infraction of
this kind necessaiy or that afforded even a palli-
ation. But we aie told if we will only aid now
in putting down the rebellion, upon the return of
jfcace all will be well,and we can live once more
in a reunited country purged of every foul blot
upon her escutcheon. Such language as this is
an insult to the conservative men. Never have
they swerved in :heir devotion to the Union, and
in the first half of Mr. Lincoln's administration
they gave him, in all his consistent and constitu-
tional efforts in that behalf, as earnest a support
as did his own chosen followers. True, they did
not approve his piinciples nor of the manner in
which he was administering the affairs of the na-
tion, but upon the great question of no disintegra-
tion of our Republic there was then, as theie is
now, no division of sentiment. The vacillating
couise of the Administration has served to dis-
gust even the warmest of its radical friends, and
can it be supposed that those .who are in favor of
consistency and a constitutional Administration,
can approvingly follow m all the meanderings of
the Executive? Besides, does an acquiescence in
or an appiova! of the prosecution eneigetically of
the war for a restoration of the Union, or the giv-
ing every constitutional aid compatible for that
object, render it incumbent upon us to adhere un-
der all circumstances to such an Administration
as we now have? Such has not been the practice
heretoioi e, and I trust it will never be so long as
a vestige of the rights of free discussion and free-
dom of opinion remains. A blind adhesion to such
doctrines would be but the forerunner of a blot-
ting out of those great principles we have been
taught to venerate.
At the commencement of hostilities it was dis-
tinetly avowed that the war was not upon the
local institutions of any pouion of the country,
but to retain the unity of the whole, and when
that was accomplished strife would cease.
Mr. Lincoln gave repeated assurances of his
intentions in his various public papers, and it
will be well to refer to them. In his inaugural
he said:
"Apprehension seems to exist among the people of the
southern States that by the accession of a Republican Ad-
ministration their property and their peace and personal
security are to be endangered. There has never been any
reasonable cause for such appiehension. Indeed, Hie mou
ample evidence to the contrary has all the while existed,
and beea open to their inspection. It is found in nearly
all the public speeches of him who now addresses you.
I do but quote from one of those speeches when { declare
that{I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the institution of slavery in the States where it ex-
ists. I believe I have no lawftil right to do so, and 1 have
no inclination to do so.' Those who nominated and elected
me did so with full knowledge that I had jnade this and
many similar declarations, and had never recanted them.
And more than this: they placed in the platform lor my
acceptance, and as a law to themselves and to me, the
clear and emphatic resolution which I now read :
Resolved, That the maintenance inviolate of the rights
of the States, and especially the right of ct ch State to
order and control its own domestic institutions according
to its own judgment exclusively, is essential to the balance
of power, on which the perfection and endurance of our
political fabric depend s and we denounce the lawless in-
vasion by armed force of the soil of any State oi Territoiy,
no matter under what pretext, as among the gravest of
crimes."
This was a voluntary pledge of the present
Executive upon his induction to office. On the
4th of July following, in his message to Congress,
he announced to the country that
"Lest there be some uneasiness in the minds of candid
men as to what is to he the course of the Government to-
ward the southern States ajter the rebellion shall have
been suppressed, the Executive deems it proper to say it
will be his purpose then as ever to be guided by the Con-
stitution and the laws; and that he probably will have' no
different understanding of the powers and duties oi the
Federal Government relatively to the rights of the States
and the people, under the Constitution, than that expieased
in his inaugural address. He de ties to pieserve the
Government, that it may be administered for all as it was
administered by the men who made it. Loyal citizens
cveiyvvhere have the right to claim this of their Govern-
ment, and the Government has no right to withhold or
neglect it. It is not perceived that in giving it there is
any coercion, any conquest, or any subjugation in any
jutt sense of those terms."
And again, in December, 1861, in his annual
message he reiterated those sentiments as follows:
" The inaugural address at the beginning of this Admin-
istration, and the message to Congress at the late special
session, were both mamiy devoted to the domestic con-
troversy, outof which the insurrection ami consequent war
have sprung. Nothing now occurs to add or subtract to or
from the principles or general jmtposes stated and expressed
in those documents."
In July, 1862, an almost unanimous Congress
passed the Crittenden resolutions, which were
approved by the President, again reiterating thn
like objects for the prosecution of the war; ami
I fearlessly assert that if no change in the pro-
gramme had been made, the rebellion would ere
tliis have ceased. "What these changes have been
is too fearfully evident. Fanatical radicalism has
gained the ascendency, and the war for the last
eighteen months has been prosecuted, not for the
lestoration of the Union, Out for the destruction
of the South; and in the blow aimed at them we
believe it is the intention that all the reserved
rights of the States of the Union be obliterated,
and a vast centralized Government formed.
If this war had simply been prosecuted only
for a restoration of the Union a hundred thousand
lives would have been saved, and §1,000,000,000
would be deducted from our national debt. 1
am not one of those who would stop to count the
cost of preserving our Union in any war. Every
man owea a debt to his country, and we should
stand by that country under every circumstance,
coriectmg what is amiss, but with a firm determ-
ination to preserve the nation at all hazards.
And let the consequences be what they may, the
property and lives of every individual should be
tieely granted to give success to the effort for
that purpose.
Sir, I have been in favor of the adopting of such
energetic measures in the prosecution of this war
as would soonest teiminate the unnatural con-
flict, restore harmony throughout the land, and
save the nation from the incubus of an intoler-
able debt, and the awful destruction of its sons.
The question now arises whether wisdom and
patriotism do not require an entire change of
policy, and a return to the original avowed ob-
ject; to abandon all plans of reconstruction which
only tend to intensify hate and put further off the
