2958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
is a most singularly Marked coincidence in their
■views in relation to public policy. They agree
that written constitutions and the solemn obliga-
tions of oaths have but little binding weight in
time of war. The freedom of speech and the
press has been stricken down. The people's
writ of habeas corpus has been suspended, and its
right denied to the citizen- The judicial ermine
■has been invaded, judges forcibly dragged from
their courts and imprisoned for judicial decisions.
The elective franchise has beert abridged, and the
voters driven from the polls at the point of the
bayonet. Martial law has been declared over
districts of country not in rebellion^and the mili-
tary placed above the civil authorities. Free
citizens, not belonging to the military or naval
service, have been arrested without process, tried,
and sentenced by drum-head courts-martial with-
out counsel or jury, and exiled or incarcerated in
military bastiles. These gross and flagrant in-
fractions upon the liberties and clearly-defined
constitutional rights of the people have been un-
blushingly perpetrated under the free institutions
of the United States, in the middle of the nine-
teenth century, under the despotic plea of mili-
tary necessity. O degenerate, subjugated sons
of a glorious ancestry, whose cheek does not
tinge and mantle with shame at the humiliating
reflection?
Now, I submit to the House and the country
whether the people had not better dispense with
the services of officials who in the brief space of
three years have reduced the country to its pres-
ent humiliating condition. Power was tempora-
rily placed in their hands to administer the Gov-
ernment, not to subvert it, or wrest from the
people their liberties. They are the servants of
the people to execute their will, not their masters
to lord it over and oppress them; let them take
due and timely notice and govern themselves ac-
cordingly. They contemplate, no doubt, by means
of the purse and the sword and the vast patronage
which they wield, to disregard the will of the
people and perpetuate their power. If they suc-
ceed in establishing themselves m power by such
means, the liberties of the country are irretriev-
ably lost. It is time that the people were aroused
to the magnitude and impoitance of the issues
involved in the approaching contest.
For the purpose of rescuing the Government
from their hands, preserving the Constitution,and
maintaining the Union and the liberties of the
people, let us for the time being, if need be, ig-
nore party names and alliances, and unite with
Union-loving, conservative men everywhere, to
preserve and transmit as a precious boon the leg-
acy of free government. The honest, confiding
masses should not be deceived or lulled into false
security; the greedy swarms of Federal officers,
contractors, and placemen, who are hoarding
their ill-gotten wealth at the expense of the toil
and sweat of the laborer, will be active and un-
scrupulous. I fear tliey have selfish, ambitious,
traitorous designs upon the liberties of the coun-
try.
By rejecting all propositions looking to a peace-
ful adjustment they have involved the country
in the most terrible, gigantic civil war the world
has ever witnessed. The Douglas, Crittenden,
Kellogg, and border State propositions were all
rejected. The leading representative men of the
South offered to accept the Crittenden compro-
mise as a finality, if tendered in good faith by the
party in power. When the peace congress was
m session in this city, fearing that thoy might be
thwarted in their cherished design of precipita-
ting the country in civil war, they wrote and tel-
egraphed to the Governors of the States, " Send
us stiff-backed men or none;" "Ohio, Indiana,
and Rhode Island are caving m, and there is some
dangerof Illinois;" " For God's sake come to the
rescue and save the Republican party from rup-
ture;" " Without a little blood-letting the country
will not be worth a curse." Now, this shows
most clearly that they were opposed to compro-
mise, and were willing to involve the country in
war to save the Republican party from " rup-
ture."
As further evidence of their premeditated de-
signs to have war, I submit the testimony of
Judge Douglas. He said:
"The South would take my proposition If the Repub-
lican'; would ayree to it." " Many of tlie Republican iead-
eis dusiro a dissolution of the Union, and urjie war ad n
means of accomplishing disunion." "We have now
reached a point where a compromise on the basis of mu-
tual concessions or disunion and war are inevitable. I
prefer a fair and just compromise."
And again, on February 2, 1361,he said:
" They are striving to bi eak up the Union under the pre-
tense of u nbounded devotion to it. They are struggling to
overthrow the Constitution while professing undying at-
tachment to it and a willingness to -make any sacrifice to
maintain it. They are nymg to plunge the country into
civii war as the burest moans of destroying the Union, upon
the plea of enforcing the laws and protecting the public
property. If they can defeat eveiy kind of adjustment or
compromise by which the points at issue may be satibfac-
toiiiy settled, and keep up the uritation so as to induce the
border States to follow the cotton States, they will feel
ccrtain of the accomplishment of their ultimate design.
" Nothing will gratify them so much or contribute so
successfully to their succeed asthe secession of Tennessee
and the border States. Every State that withdraws from
the Union increases the relative power of northern aboli-
tionists to defeat a satisfactory adjustment, and to bring on
a war, which, sooner or later, must end in final separation
and recognition of the independence of the two contending
sections."
This, Mr. Chairman, is a true and faithful ex-
position of the animus of the party in power,
drawn by a master hand; may it give them " the
power to see themselves as others see them."
They refused to permit the people to he heard
upon the question of compromise, for fear they
would decide in favor of peace and thereby
thwart their cherished schemes of war and dis-
union. By reference to the Journals of the House
of January 7,18G0, it will be seen thatMr. Clem-
ens proposed to submit the Crittenden compro-
mise to a vote of the people for adoption or re-
jection; (ace resolutions offered by him;) this
proposition they rejected by a party vote, many
of the honorable members over the way, includ-
ing the honorable Speaker, voting against it.
This refusal to permit the people to be heard on
the question of peace or war shows a premedi-
tated intention to precipitate the country in civil
war. And since they have succeeded in inaugur-
ating their treasonable machinations against the
liberties of the country nothing so rouses the irre-
pressible ire of these disuniomsts per se as to men-
tion phage; they dread it as the devil does holy
water. With swaggering, blubbering gasconade
they vociferate traitor, copper head, disloyal. This
stop-tluef cry of criminals lacksthe meritof origi-
nality. Thoy would divert attention and cover
their tracks by charging upon others the foul and
infamous treason under which their own seared
and lacerated consciences are writhing. But the
transparent trick, the gauzy texture will not con-
ceal from the searching scrutiny and withering
rebuke of the country the gross iniquity and daik
perfidy of their ciimes. The people, indignant
at the imbecility and treachery of those charged
with the administration of the Government, are
being aroused to impending danger. The rum-
bling ground-swell from the disabused masses is
heard in the dim distance; its audible mutterings
fall like the sound of a death-knell upon the ears
of the guilty plotters of treason. The " wolves
in sheep's clothing" will be disrobed, and their
naked deformity exposed to the indignant scrutiny
of a deceived and outraged people, so that" they
maybe known and read of all men." Theirday
of reckoning is drawing near. In the midst of
their public plunder, bloody carnival and baccha-
nalian revelings their hearts quake, knees tremble,
and cheeks blanch as they read the handwriting
on the wall, 44 Thou art weighed in the balance
and found wanting."
Mr. Speaker, the sad, humiliating spectacle is
presented to the country of its liberties being cru-
cified and put to an ignominious death in the house
of its pretended friends. They insist on giving
the last dollar and the last man, but exhibit pru-
dential caution that their dollar is the last one
taken, and they the last men to go. They do not
want the southern States in the Union, conse-
quently take care to prosecute the war in such a
manner and for such purposes as to prevent their
return; its continuance is their political capital
stock, and they would procrastinate it as long as
they can hold the offices, get fat contracts, and
speculate in the blood and suffering of the coun-
try. When the war is stopped there will be
$2,000,000 per day less tax for the people to pay;
consequently, minus that amount to lavish among
the fawning minions of power, the peculation,
fraud, and plunder of the public Treasury would
have to cease; the Mississippi river would be
opened to navigation; the railroad monopolies
could no longer extort from the farmer of the Wesi
half the value of his production for transporta-
tion to market. This war has been a godsend to
monopolists, peculators, shoddy contractors, Gov-
ernment thieves, and public plunderers general-
ly; they are amassing princely fortunes, rolling
in wealth, reveling in their ill-gotten gains; you
may set them down for the war; they " will go
to the last dollar and to the last man." These
Shylocks wiilhold mortgages in the shape of Gov-
ernment bonds on the property and industry of
the country; a bill of sale on the sweat and toil
of honest labor for unborn generations.
Mr. Speaker, it is not marvelous that New
England is for the war. By means of her railroad
monopolies, fishing bounties, and high tarifFs she
impoverishes the balance of the country, and its
wealth flows into the lap of her pampered aris-
tocracy; she, as a matter of course, favors a vig-
orous prosecution of the war. Did you ever
know the universal Yankee nation to let up with
their hands to the elbows in the pockets of the
people ? The history of this peculiar people fur-
nishes no such example; they are still true to
their nature and their instincts. Perhaps I should
notice the oft-repeated charge from the other side
of the House that the Democratic party are hos-
tile to the soldiers. INo aspersion could be more
groundless or ungenerous. It is true they sought
and advised peace rather than to have the country
scourged with a devastating civil war; they would
that this bitter cup might have passed, and the
country not be compelled to drink it to its bitter
dregs; but when their counsels were rejected and
the conflict upon us there was no factious oppo-
sition interposed to the party in power trying
their plan; money and men were voted without
stint; Democrats vied with Republicans in filling
the ranks until the first call of seventy-five thou-
sand has swelled to over two million, a full half
from the Democratic party. Such is the case in
my own State, which has always been ahead of
all calls. It is true there is a deficit from the Re-
publican districts; but they have been more than
filled by the excess from ours, and in case of
emergency they can easily " stamp flaming giants
from the earth" to fill up their quotas.
When the tocsin of war was sounded the peo-
ple rallied around the flag of the country under
the assuiance that it was necessary to preserve
the Government, and that it was to be prosecuted
to enforce the laws and suppress the rebellion,
and not to interfeie with or overthrow the insti-
tutions or independence of the States. I am frank
to say I did not rely upon these assurances, but
have no fault to find Willi those having more faith
than myself who deemed it their duty to enter the
service, and cheerfully award to them the meed
of patriotic self-sacrificing devotion to what they
deemed the best interest of the country, and they
are justly entitled to our respect, sympathy, and
support; recognizingto its fullestextentthis duty
and obligation, I have uniformly voted supplies,
increase of pay, and pensions for our soldiers.
But, sir, when and in what way have the party
in power exhibited their kind regard for the wel-
fare of our soldiers? Is it in the reckless and
wanton sacrifice of their lives to the Moloch
of abolition? Is it m their fanatical, radical
measures which have obliterated the Union senti-
ment of the South and united their people against
us? Is it by colonizing the North with the de-
graded Africans from the South, so that the sol-
dier on returning home will have to work by his
side, and compete with him for place and pay? la
it by placing the corp d'JSfriquc upon an equality
with them in the ranks, and thereby humiliating
their prido and wounding their honor? If their
lovefor the soldier had been anything more than
hollow-hearted pretense why did they remain in
session over five months without reporting: a bill
to increase their pay? They knew that since our
soldiers left home the expense of living had greatly
increased; that their families had to pay double
the ordinary price for the necessaries of life; that
labor at home was commanding from a dollai and
a quarter to three dollars per day. Why, then,
should the soldier be expected to endure the hard-
ships and dangers incident to war for less com-
pensation than his services would command at
home? These exclusive friends of the soldier
have reduced his rations, and in their munificent
generosity and fullness of heart have actually in-
creased his pay ten cents per day, up, up to the
