1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
day of peace. J am aware to the enthusiastic
there is,sweet music in the catch-words hourly
used on tins floor, of the " life of the nation "mid
the " removing all causes of the war," but, sir,
they are not employed wilh any intention of set-
tling our difficulties, but to prevent all settlement
prior to utter extermination. That it was'in-
tended that the amnesty proclamation of last
December would hasten the end of this strife, I
do not believe. We are told that nearly every
southern paper published it, and it only nerved
them to the performance of more earnest deeds.
I do not propose to examine in detail either
the amnesty proclamation and the reconstruction
plan therein setforth, northe bill thisHouse has
under consideration. Both, I believe, are more
intended to obtain votes from those reconstructed
States to perpetuate the present party than for
any purpose of restoring the States to the Union.
I assume, too, if that policy is persisted in, this
war has but commenced, and our people should
resign themselves to the continued conflict until
utter financial and physical exhaustion result.
It is well for us before we adopt any other
schemes to examine ourpresentcondi(ion,thatvve
may better judge of the propriety of a measure
that will crystallize the South into a determined
opposition to any future union with us.
We have the authority of the President as late
as July, 1861, for saying that "it might be ques-
tioned whether there is to-day a majority of the
legally qualified voters of any State, except per-
haps South Carolina, in favor of disunion," and
in the same message he recommended Congress,
that the war might beashortand decisive one, to
place at his control for the work at least four hun-
dred thousand men and four hundred million
dollars. That number of men and this sum of
money have been increased, the former over five-
fold and the latter ^arly tenfold, and to-day, by
the vacillation, the waywardness, the insane in-
terference, the blunderings, and the corruption of
the Administiation,final success and peace are not
apparent.
1 insist, sir, that the Administration have never
appreciated the powerof theenemy, buthave had
a too overweening- confidence in itself, and that it
has adopted ultra paper fulminations when it
ought to have relied upon the stern realities of
war, with the sword in one hand to subdue the
armed forces of the South, and the olive-branch
in the other, to welcome any recusant and re-
pentant State that was ready to return to its al-
legiance and submit to the requirements of the
Constitution. By the census of 1860 there were
in those States now in rebellion about three million
white males, and in the free States about nine mil-
lion. There were also nearly two million male
slaves in the South, which for most practical pur-
poses were as available and efficient as the whites.
Then the proportion of numbers was, as near as
may be, two to one. The people of the South
were upon their own soil, acclimated, and they
had been educated to believe their rights were in-
vaded and that this wai;was one of invasion and
extermination. It requires but a little imagination
to judge where the odds would be when these mil-
lions of people were engaged in awar on theirown
soil, nerved to the belief that their property, their
lives, and their children, their household gods, and
their altars depended upon their success. True,
they were laboringunderahallucination.butMr.
Lincoln and hisadvisers are responsible forchang-
liig the original object of the war, and aiding the
rebel leaders in educating a now almost unani-
mous South in this delusion.
1 have fondly cherished thehope thatourarmies
mi<*ht speedily be successful. To attain success
I would have put forth every effort and submitted
to any sacrifice; but, sir, with the policy of the
President and Congress before me to be persisted
m, that dayis in thefardistantfuture. Wehave
little means of knowing the casualties of war m
the South, but it is probably no greater propor-
tionally than ours, and by the natural increase of
population and the greater facility for moving
their forces, they can continue them m the tuturc
numerically as available as in the past. We
know the expense of our own tiansportation and ,
the necessity of having large armies inei t toguaid
the various posts and foitifieatwns. We have
learned the power of endurance of the southern
people, and these various facts ought to alloid
sufficient inducement for us to adopt wise and
humane measures to reeall them to their alle-
giance.
It is estimated that over a quarter of a million
northern lives have been lost by reason of this war.
Their blood has fertilized many a hard-fought bat-
tle-field, and their bones lie bleaching in e-very
rebel State. Not a northern household but that
mourns some near and dear friend who has thus
been sacrificed upon thealtar of his country. The
habilimen ts o f mourning meet us at every step, and
we are momentarily admonished of the grief of the
mothers, wives, and friends, weeping and wail-
ing for those who will return no more. One fifth
of the male population has gone forth, thus mak-
ing any future calls fall with redoubled effect upon
those remaining. Last year hundreds of fields
were uncultivated for the want of laborers, and
this year thousands of acres of our rich lands
will go unplowed and no crops be produced, be-
cause the calls to arms have taken away the young.
But, sir, the extravagant action of the past has
entailed upon us a fearful national debt. It has
been our pride that this bane of the Old World has
found no lodgment in America. How we have
exulted in the proud satisfaction that while Eng-
land has a debt of §4,000,000,000 we were free
from the incubus! This was three years ago. How
stands the record now ? You will pardon me if X
go somewhat into detail in this matter, because it
is one that concerns every property-holder or
tax-payer, and every patriot in the country, and
appeals to us to pause before we devise any means
so odious as this pretended reconstruction, that
will assuredly force us to double if rfot quadruple
our present gigantic debt. Let us view its prog-
ress. By reference to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, page 47, it will be seen that on
March 4,1861, our total outstanding indebtedness
was $68,482,686 19. By referring to the same
page it was stated on the 30th of September, 1863,
$1^222,113,559 86. The estimate of the Secretary
(page 8) fixes tJie public debt July 1, 1864, at
$1,656,956,641 44. This is only for forty months
since the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln, and shows
an increase of debt over and above all the enor-
mous taxes levied in every conceivable way of
over forty-one million dollars per month.
But this does not cover all the indebtedness:
Already has Congress had two deficiency bills of
about one hundred and ten million dollars to act
upon, neither of which are considered in" the re-
port. This was for only a few items connected
with the War Department, but it was so much
increase of our debt. Time will not permit me
to enter into any minute specification. The un-
settled items, if all provided for, would make the
debt on the 30th of July next over three billion
dollars. If we could stop here, we might still
have hope. But there are claims springing up in
every direction for damage done by our forces
to the property of loyal men, and in numerous in-
stances for the absolute destruction of such prop-
erty to prevent its falling into the hands of the
rebels. The principle that in all such cases the
loss must be borne by Government is too well
settled to be now discussed; and though we may
put off the evil day, and refuse now to pay or
liquidate this class of claims, that pay day must
come.
From the Potomac around to the Mississippi,
through Arizona, and m fact from nearly every
quarter where our armies have been, these claims
must arise. One recently came before the Court
of Claims from the fai-off Territory of Arizona,
and Judge Wilmot delivered the able opinion of
the court, fixing the claimant's damage, in that
single case, at^41,530, and held the United States
liable. He said:
« Wo hold in tills ca^ that the property was deslioyeil
l>y the rightful order oi tITc commanding officer, and upon
an Ulgeiil and pressing necc^Mty, and to prevent it ti-om
foiling into the iiand« ol the public enemy, and those hos-
tile to the United States ; that it was a taking lor public
use, and that the Government la bound umier tile Consti-
tution to make jUi-t compensation to the owner.''
Judge Wilmot cannot be accused of having an y
prejudices adverse to the Administration, and this
opinion of his will warm into life a startling array
of like claims that will be presented for adjust-
ment. Their names will be legion, and must
amount to untold millions.
But, sir, the official document shows that for
the first forty months of this Admniistiation the
expenditures exceeded all its leceipts, except from
loans, at the rate of over forty-one million dollars
per month. ] believe4he real facts are. that thtsy ...
exceeded over seventy millions per mouth, .. . f
For the next fiscal.year we have the estimate; of.-,
expenditures, nearly §752,000,000, and the total .
receipts to be only 1207,000,000, leaving an esti  .
mated increase of debt of #544,978,548 93. .
I know, sir, that this is a dull subject, but it is •
an exeiting one when the pay day comes;, and, •
as this enormous sum.of money mMSt be paid, it >
is a duty incumbent upon us to examine it in all,
its aspects. We are making a fearful legacy for *
posterity; but we ought not to shrink from a full >
gaze at our,terrible folly or criminal extravagaiicei -
I will not nowinquire where thisraoney has gone,
or how it has been spent. The,reports of your
numerous investigating committees in the last-.
Congress showed that corruption was rampant
in every direction. It is useless to particularize.
We have not learned from experience; and the ,
result of our three years' experiment of Repub-
licanism will be a mortgage upon our national.
domain, upon the firesides, the earnings, ay, the
heart's blood of our sturdy yeomanry, when all
outstanding claims are liquidated, of over three
thousand million dollars. We cannot escape it;
but, sic, by proper economy, a:proper manage-
ment of our military forces, an honest desire to
end this war, with our Constitution and the rig-tits,
of the States and the people intact, over one half
of that vast outlay might have been saved, out-
Union restored, and peace brought once more to
our distracted country. , , ,
Radicalism njust have its sway. " Ddenda est .
Carthago" has Been the war-cry from that side of:
the House, and their leaders have feared that the
war would end before they had satisfied- their
vengeance upon the South. To create delusive ,
hopes throughout the States in rebellion, they
hate proclaimed that the conservatives in the
North sympathized with the South, thus, by a re-
fined species of political dissembling, endeavoring
to incite a disturbance here, while encouraging
the enemy with these false statements to persist
in their contest, and thus enable the rebel leaders
to force the people to become a unit in deadly op-
position to our Government.
But, sir, we have the enormous national debt
upon our hands, and it must be paid. We hane
been accustomed to boast of our prosperity and
to refer to the tables produced from our decennial
census returns as an evidence of this fact. 1 wish-
to educe ft few lessons from the same source. In
my calculations I shall assume our national debt
to be on June 30,1864, only $2,000,000,000, which
I believe, with all due deference, is not two thirds
the actual sum. In the preliminary report of the
eighth census, page 195, the total true value of all
the real and personal estate of the entire country
is put at $16,159,616,068. In this sum isincluded
the value of nearly four million slaves, as estimated-
prior to the war. Putting these at the very low
estimate of $400 each, §1,600,000,000 is to he de-
ducted. If this approximates correctness, and it
was as near as could be attained, our national debt
at this low estimate would now equal one seventh
of all the real and personal property in the States
and Territories in our Union in 1860.
The Secretary estimates the increase of the
debt for the current year at over $588,000,000,
nearly §50,000,000 per month; and for the ensuing
year at the sum of $544,978,548 93, giving, ac-
cording to his estimate in the official report, a
liquidated debt in July, 1865, of $2,232,000,000.
Taking these figures, if we should then be so for-
tunate us to have a restored Union, and this debt,
no portion of which rests upon an estimated or
problematic basis, but upon stem facts, and is
now $1,000,000,000 less than the actual sum, be
fairly apportioned prorata according to the repre-
sentation of all the States in this House, it would
be over §9,250,000 for each congressional district
in the Union " as it was." Nineand one quarter
million dollars debt for each congressional distiiet
in the entire Union! The very idea is appalling.
Is it possible by tmy imposition of taxes to make
the hardy yeomanry of the West, who have felled
the dense forests or reclaimed the rich prairies,
take from their hard earnings sufficient to pay
even the interest upon this enormous sum? Why,
sir, at six per cent, the interest will be $550,000
annually for each congressional district,provided
we can include the now rebellious States and all
the Territories. But instead of having two hun-
dred and forty-one congressional districts repre-
