1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2969
prodigal sum of fifty-three and a third cents a
day. This lavish increase of ten cents will en-
able them, if judiciously expended, to purchase
from one quarter to one third of a yard of calico
or brown domestic to clothe their families at home,
and as for such luxuries as tea and coffee, they
are not to be thought of;" rye coffee is good
enough if the negroes can be free."
Unfortunately for this side of the House, our
estimable no-party Speaker has failed, inadvert-
ently no doubt, to assign us any such position on
committeesas would enable us to exercise any con-
trolling influence for the benefit of the soldier or the
country. I believe the only chairman awarded us is
that on mileage, over which my distinguished col-
league, [Mr. Robinson,] honored with six years'
congressional experience, presides. But thank-
ful for small favors in our humble sphere, at the
tail end of committees, we have done the best we
could. Early in the session, at my instance, a
resolution was adopted directing the Military
Committee to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the pay of our officers and soldiers, but
their attention has been so exclusively engrossed
in miscegenation projects for the benefitof'Amer-
ican citizens of African descent" that little time
was left to devote to the secondary interests of
mere white soldiers. Becoming impatient after
waiting several months for a report, I offered an-
other resolution instructing the committee to re-
port a bill at an early day increasing the pay of
officers and soldiers at least thirty-three percent.
This presented a dilemma; if it passed a bill would
have to be reported; if they voted it down it would
disclose to the soldiers and the country their hy-
pocrisy. In their extremity they brought to the
rescue the fertile resources and parliamentary skill
of the distinguished member from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens;] in a crisis he is their reliance to
furnish brains. He arose and gravely announced
a desire to debate the resolution; this, under the
rules, passes it over without a vote; a complacent
smile passes over their anxious countenances at
the success of their tactician. The honorable
Speaker has never yet been able to reach the res-
olution. When the Military Committee intro-
duced their bill to reduce the rations and increase
the soldier's pay ten cents per day, I appealed to
the chairman to permit an amendment to be
made inserting twenty dollars in lieu of sixteen
dollars per month; this he peremptorily refused,
but demanded, and the House sustained, the pre-
vious question, thereby cutting off all amendments
and debate. Again, when the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the military bill was under
discussion, I moved to recommit the bill with in-
structions to report it back with an increase of
pay to the soldier of at least twenty dollars per
month. This proposition, at the instance of a
member of the committee, [Mr. Farnsworth,]
was ruled by the Speaker to be out of order.
I submit, Mr. Speaker, the above facts that the
country may determine who are the true friends
of the soldier. They may well ask to be delivered
from such friends.
Honorable members over the way tell us they
have been doing a nice thing for the soldiers by
the bill of this session in dividing and parceling
out between them and the negroes the plantations
of the South, and granting them homesteads by
robbing other people of the fruits of their labor
and converting them to their own use. I think
they have greatly mistaken and underrated the
character and pluck of our citizen soldiers if they
suppose they entered the service for purposes of
pillage and plunder; they are not homeless free-
booters to be seduced from the paths of honor
by " beauty and booty;" they left homes ac-
quired by honest industry, and domestic associ-
ations more endearing and tempting than the
steal-yourself-a-home, negro-equality doctrine
tendered by the party in "power. Hence I con-
clude that these loud-mouthed professions of love
for the soldier and the Union are off of the same
piece, slack-twisted, badly wove, and not large
enough to cover their nakedness. The patent
truth is they are not for the Constitution or the
Union, but, wishing to subvert them, oppose peace
and uige war; they say that a little blood-letting
is healthful for the body-politic; that the tree of
liberty must be watered with the blood of her
citizens; that there is no remission for sins but
by the shedding of blood; that we must cry havoc
and let slip the dogs of war; that all great nations
have had civil wars, and the time has come for
ours. Sir, in an evil hour these counsels pre-
vailed. Still they hesitated to startle the country
by fully showing their purposes. In ninety days,
with seventy-five thousand men, the job was to
be completed and the breakfast spell over. We
have now reached the fourth year of the war,
and they modestly ask us to extend the time that
they may continue to " peg away" for four
years longer. Two millions of our young men,
the hope and flower of the country, have gone
into the service; two hundred and fifty thousand
lives have been sacrificed; as many more with shat-
tered and broken constitutions and with maimed
and mutilated persons still linger in our midst,
objects of the nation's bounty and sympathy. A
fearful responsibility rests upon the guilty au-
thors of this suffering and sacrifice of life. The
full measure of just punishment would be too
terrible. May neither their daily meditations nor
nightly visions be haunted by sepulchral spec-
ters of departed spirits.
" Thou canst not say I did it: never shake
Thy gory locks at mo."
Mr. Speaker, the life of the nation is in immi-
nent peril; the agonizing throes and death-rattle
admonish us of approaching dissolution; but
while there is life there is still hope. Asthe'ship-
wrecked mariner seizes with dying hope to the
last floating spar, so let the people rally around
and cling to the Constitution as the sheet-anchor
of our hope. Their duties and responsibilities
are fearfully great and cannot be ignored. They
owe it to their sires, the wives of their bosoms,
the innocent prattlers that dandle upon their knees,
to unborn generations, and to their own man-
hood, to preserve free government and transmit
constitutional liberty as the most invaluable leg-
acy. The Federal Constitution with all its limit-
ations and just balances must be maintained; the
reserved rights of the States and the people pro-
tected; the union of the States must be preserved
and perpetuated; the personal rights and liberties
of the citizen must be upheld and defended; free
speech, a free press, and a free ballot, cannot be
surrendered by a free people; these inalienable,
clearly-defined, expressly guarantied constitu-
tional rights, invaluable to freemen, formidable
only to tyrants, must be protected, maintained,
and defended from any and every assault, from
whatever source or under whatever pretext made,
by every lawful means,peaceably if they can, but
forcibly if they must. To slavishly surrender
their priceless liberties would show them to be
craven-hearted cowards unworthy to enjoy them.
The State of Illinois has furnished from one
hundred and fifty to two hundred thousand of her
brave sons to suppress treason in front, andcould,
if necessary, duplicate the number, and still has
left a Democratic reserve of one hundred and fifty
thousand home guards of true, reliable men, who
have never bowed the knee to Baal, able and
willing, if it should become necessary, to protect
and defend the constitutional rights and liberties
of the people against any fire in the rear by home
traitors.
One of the most humiliating reflections which
forces itself upon the country is its barrenness of
able statesmen. The national councils are filled,
with but few exceptions, (which, of course, in-
cludes this Congress,) with men woefully dwarfed
in intellect and patriotism, the scum that rises and
floats to the surface during the simmering blub-
bering of the political caldron.
In view of this patent deficiency there was an
aptness and pertinence in the supplication recently
offered up with great unction and pathos by the
Chaplain of the Senate, which is said to run as
follows: " 0 Lord, give us more brains we beseech
Thee; more brains, Lord, more brains. Thou
knowest our destitution and need of more braiifc."
The President should without delay, by procla-
mation, make the matter of "more brains" a
special subject of prayer. Surprise has been man-
ifested in some quarters at the House selectingas
their spiritual teacher a Chaplain who repudiates
the evangelical Trinity and denies the divinity
of our Saviour, but bear in mind we live in a pro-
gressive age, By the new standard of orthodoxy
supplications for war and negro equality super-
sede the gospel of peace; the elastic consciences
of the party in power are not to be hampered by
the obsolete old-fogy doctrines of the old Consti-
tution and the old Bible.
At a time like the present the utility or good
taste of indulging in crimination and recrimina-
tion may be seriouslyquestioned. It can scarcely
be sanctioned in the way of retaliation, but to
refrain under such provocation would have sub-'
jected the meekness of Moses to a severe test.
Now, permit me to suggest that party and per-
sonal asperities be dropped, and we apply our-
selves to the higher and nobler objects of saving
the country. With this purpose in view, will
honorable members over the way consent for the
time being, at least, to abjure the partisan and
assume the stature of statesmen ? It requires an
effort on your part to sever party ties and breast
the dashing waves of fanaticism; there is more
ignoble ease in floating with the rubbish in the
current, and pandering to the passion and preju-
dice of the hour. You have distinguished prece-
dents for breasting the tide, by resisting popular
passion and sectional fanaticism. In 1850 our
argus-eyed statesmen descried in the dim distance
a small dark spot, no larger than a man's hand,
lowering over our political horizon, gathering in
volume and blackness; they snuffed the dangerin
the tainted breeze. Behold Kentucky's gifted
orator and distinguished statesman as he leaves
again the endearments of home and enters the
arena of his former glory. For four decades his
clarion voice had been the talismanic wand that
stirred into quicker pulsations and thrilled the
national heart; crowded, spell-bound Senates
hung in wonder upon his words, entranced and
electrified by the magic inspiration of his burning
eloquence. He had retired from the stormy tur-
moil of political strife to enjoy coveted quiet amid
the ambrosial shades of his own beloved Ashland.
At the call of an imperiled country his stooping
form becomes erect, his dim eye brightens. He
again enters the Senate; party spirit and strife is
hushed into silence. By common consent he is
awarded the distinction of chairman of the con-
ference committee of thirteen, composed in equal
proportions of the distinguished men of both par-
tics. For months they labored, vying with each
other to avert the gathering storm, and sustaining
their venerable chairman.
Illinois'favorite statesman, the lamented Doug-
las, exhibited in a remarkable degree the moral
greatness and heroism to stem the tide and breast
the dashing waves of fanaticism as its angry bil-
lows beat around the old ship of State, threatening
to ingulf the hopes of the nation within itsyawn-
ing vortex. For his action in sustaining the com-
mittee he was denounced, persecuted, and vilified,
but with the bitterest acrimony at his own home
in Chicago; here the city council and clergy open ly
arrayed themselves against the measures of paci-
fication adopted by Congress, and the popular
frenzy was so great that he said he could travel
through that part of the country by the light of
his own buining effigies. Nor was Massachu-
setts' illustrious statesman exempt from the ma-
lignant obloquy of the viperous tongue for at-
tempting to stay and roll back the flowing tide of
political fanaticism engendered in the hot-house
ofabolitionism in his own State; when he returned
to his constituents from the Congress m which he
had taken so conspicuous a part m sustaining the
compromise measures of 1850, his action was so
obnoxious to the vitiated sectional sentiments that
he could not have been elected ajustice of the peace
in any township in Massachusetts; he sought to
vindicate his course before his constituents, but
they tried to stifle and suppress freedom of speech.
The city authorities of Boston, to their shame and
reproach be it spoken, refused to permit him to
speak in Faneuil Hall; its doors were shut against
the defender of the Constitution, the man who
had done more than any other to give a name and
character to New England. Oh, shame on the
base ingratitude, the dark perfidy, the bitter ma-
lignity of sectional fanaticism I The great Web-
ster never loomed up in such grand and godlike
proportions; excluded from liberty's consecrated
halls, the people assemble in Boston common, and
there, beneath the azure arch and starry canopy
of heaven, he bares his frosted locks and mas-
sive brow to the free rustling breezes; the pure
water gushes from the smitten rock in terse An-
glo-Saxon words, that should be written in letters
ofgold, appealing to the fanaticism of New Eng-
land to learn to subdue their passions.
These truly great men could soar above passion
and prejudice and sever the iron shackles of party.
