1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1<507
was the subject, and stipulated for part of the
profits.
An act of Parliament of William III, entitled
"An act to settle the trade to Africa,"commences,
"Whereas the trade to Africa is highly beneficial
andadvaritageous to this kingdom and to the plant-
ations and colonies thereunto belonging;" and
the act speaks of " negroes" as the object, and it
is plainly shown that the reference was to the
slave trade.
The twelfth article of the treaty of Utrecht, July
13,1713, between Great Britain and Spain,granted
"to her Majesty, and to the company of her sub-
jects established for that purpose, as well the sub-
jects of Spain as others being excluded, the con-
tract for introducing negroes into the several parts
of the dominions of his Catholic Majesty in Amer-
ica for thirty years;" and the same section grants
the occupancy of lands near the Rio de la Plata
u suitable for maintaining the servants of the said
company and their negroes, and for safely keeping
them, the said negroes, for the purpose of being
sold."
By the act of Parliament of1697, section twenty,
"governors, deputy governors, and judges are
forbidden under penalty to act as a factor or fac-
tors,, agent or agents for the said company or any
other person or persons, for the sale or disposal
of any negroes."
The act of Parliament of 5 George II, passed
for England, makes ncgrues, houses, landSf&,c.y
subject to execution for the satisfaction of debts;
and act 23, same George, 1759, has a provision
referring to " negroes or other goods." Another
act of the same reign, passed 1749-50, entitled
"An act for extending and improving the trade to
Afiica," begins, "Whereas the trade to Africa is
very advantageous to Great Britain, and neces-
sary for supplying the plantations and colonies
thereunto belonging with a sufficient number of
negroes at reasonable rates,"&c.
The seventh section of this act declares the duties
" which shall be paid at the place of importation
upon all goods and merchandise (negroes ex-
cepted) imported in (into) England, or any of his
Majesty 'a plantations or colonies in America from
the coast of Africa;" " and that all goods and
merchandise (negroes excepted) that shall be
ladder put on board any ship or vessel on the
coast of Africa, between Blanco and Cape Mount,
and shall be imported into England,orany ofhis
Majesty's plantations orcolonies aforesaid,shall
answer and pay the duties aforesaid,"&c. This
law shows that England, equally with the planta-
tions and colonies, was open to the importation
of African slaves; and I have not seen any act of
Parliament that restricted them lo the latter, or
that interdicted their introduction into the mother
country.
Here are positive acts of Parliament in explicit
language, authorizing the hnpoitation of slaves
into England, declaring that slaves in England are
chattels, making them lesponsible for debts, and
making them a part of the estate of a deceased
owner. Thuy were taken, appraised, and held
as a portion of a deceased man's estate, and dis-
tributed among his distributees like any other
property.
Ten of the judges of England, including Holt
and Pollexfen, decided that " negroes are mer-
chandise," and consequently within the naviga-
tion acts.
The Spaniards carried slaves into the West In-
dies as early as 1501, and Hakluyt says that
twenty-four negro slaves were brought to Eng-
land from the coast of Africa in 1553. The Gov-
ernment and people of England found the traffic
in slaves contributed greatly to the prosperity,
not only of their commerce, butof their colonial,
agricultural, and planting productions, and they
stimulated and sustained it by acts of Parliament,
chartering companies, and other modes.
Nov/, sir, from 1555, according to Hakluyt,
until the decision rendered in the case of Sommer-
sett, slaves were introduced by every subject who
chose into England, the right being confirmed by
express authority of acts of Parliament. Slavery
existed tileie by custom, usage, appropiunion,
and general acquiescence, and was never contro-
verted for two hundred and twenty years. Prop-
erty in slaves was thereby unquestionably estab-
lished in England, and could be abolished only by
an act of Parliament, not by a judicial dictum.
There was no law or commercial regulation that
prohibited the introduction of slaves into England;
on the contrary, she was equally open to them
with her colonies by acts of Parliament equally
applicable to both. All her West India and North
American colonies imported them, and, with the
knowledge and appi oval of the home Government,
passed laws to regulate and give protection and
security to that property; and that property and
those laws were not only recognized and enforced
by their local courts, but also by the courts of
England in every case that came before them, ex-
cept some three or four, including the case ofSom-
mersett, in which the question was the right of the
slaves to their freedom by reason of their residence
in England. Slaves continued to be taken into Eng-
land from the time of their first introduction, and
held there as such by all persons at their pleasure
until the decision in the case of Sommersett. The
reason that not more than fifteen thousand were
then in the island, and there were no laws of Par-
liament authorizing their owners to exercise " do-
minion, authority, and coercion over them,"was
that England had not the climate, soil, and pro-
ductions of her slave colonies. But notwithstand-
ing this defect of her legislation in providing proper
regulations for the subject of slavery, during two
hundred and twenty years slaves had been held,
appropriated, and used as property in England
by all who chose; and I maintain that thereby and
there property in African slaves was established,
and ail the protection and guarantees which the
common law gave to other property attached to
slave property; and Lord Mansfield's judgment
was without authority of law.
He was like some of our modern philanthro-
pists. He adopted beforehand a conclusion that
slavery could not exist in England; that its at-
mosphere was too pure to be breathed by slaves,
notwithstanding slavery had existed and slaves
had breathed the pure atmosphere of England for
two hundred and twenty years. To rtach this
foregone conclusion, he wrested the law; he forced
it fiom its natural leading and meaning; he by his
dictum legislated slavery out ofthat island against
the positive usage and acquiescence of the people
and the customary law and the parliamentary lec-
ognition of the institution.
But be that proposition as it may, until this
generation, and m this country, all judicial tri-
bunals, jurists, and publicists, the whole intelli-
gence of the woi Id, have conceded without ques-
tion that African slavery existed in every country
where it was established by the local law. This
position was not eoutioveited by counsel or court
in the case of Sommersett, and in his opinion on
the case is conceded impliedly by Lord Mans-
field.
I come now to the case of the slave Grace, de-
cided by Lord Stowell in 1827. He had ad-
judged the previous case of Le Louis when he
was Sir William Scott and judge of the Court of
Admiralty of England. lie was a brother ot
Lord Elcion, and one of the ablest jurists Eng-
land ever produced.
In the case of the slave Grace, decided by Lord
Stowell, in 1827, he says sn his opinion :
'•'It ha-s been observed that the s-oveieigu State has de-
clared that all laws made m the colonics cmtruliciing itw
own law fh.iii be null and \oid. and cannot be put in exe-
cution ; but is that the chaiactei of the in the colonies
lor the- encouragement to the piupueims of <;la\es? Has it
not Miiee the deciaiation of its judgment against slavery-
declared, ui the nio^t explicit and amhot it alive maimer, it>
eneouiageinent of slavery m its coimual e-tahii-ihujents.'
Unve not innumerable acts pa> ed which i eguiate the con-
dition of ^|ave^. ami which tend to commcI'T tlicrn, a<- the
colonic themselves do. a* re<j)Otst(iit in tommeicio, ;i- inei«
good-? and chattel^. Mihjeet to mortgage a« cnn-titming
pait of the value of cState-, as liable to be taken mexecu-
tion for debt, to be pubhoh sold for r-uch puipose-; and
ha^ it not e.-tablished couits of the hijrheM juu-diciem (or
the earning info eveeimon piovi ion= tor all the<e pur-
pove-.; and tnese it< sn'--t cm men! eouUs- o; jtu-dee, ih court
of tin- King's I'livv Count d, and its courts oi eh.ineeiy,
w hete all the^e regulation;- ate e.u i 'ed niU  effect with t.;e
moit ^ei upulou- attention, and under the authority ot acts
of Parliament: Can any man doubt that at tins nine of
dav Mave- m the colonic* may be udnhfuitcd by made
ui'Eng'and and which would be affiimed without leicr-
ence to the couit so empowered."
Lord Stowell,in the same opinion,says further:
£*The personal tiaflic in slaves resident in England had
been a^ public and a-> authorized in Loudon a-> in any one
of our We-t India i-land^. They weie >old on the Ex:-
i change and othei places of public resort by paitie^ thuin-
! selves resident m Loudon, and with as little i eserve as they
j would have been in anv of our We-t India po"*'?Mon-
; Such uvt.ite oftiu 2> eont'inied without impeachment irom
i a veiy earh period up to neaily the end ot the last eenturj
! That is, up to the time of the Soinmersutt case.
Again, says the judge:
" Slaves have come into this island and passed oat of It
In returnmgtothe colonies in the same character of slaves,
whatever might be the intermediate character which they
possessed in England, and this without any interruption,
or without any doubt belonging to their character in that
servile state; they go back with a perfect knowledge of the
state which they are to reenter."
What is the principle there decided? That if
a negro had been taken to England even after iH£
decision in the Sommersett case, and from Eng-
land had been taken back to the slave colony from
whence he was carried to England, he wpuld re-
turn precisely into the same state of slavery under
the local law of the colony as though he never
had had any residence in England.
The truth of this legal proposition, that when a
slave of an English slave colony went to England,
and afterwards returned to the same colony, he'
there returned to slavery, cannot be shaken.
There is no position more immovable.
History teems with an unbroken and resistless
weight of evidence that all the British North Amer-
ican colonies at an early day after their settlement
introduced African slavery; and that it was fos-
tered, upheld, and protected in them by both the
legislation of Parliament and of their own local
legislative assemblies; and that this property was
as much the subject of suits and of the judgments
of courts, and of the executions of those judg-
ments, in the colonies respectively, as any other
property. But Lord Mansfield said in the Som-
mersett ease that slavery could not exist in any
country but by positive law; and that sentiment
has been generally adopted by the American
courts and judges. But what is positive law?
Judge Shaw, in the case, 18th Pickering, page
212, says:
" But it [the doctrine, of Lord Mansfield] clearly admits
that it may exist by positive law. And it may be remarked
that by positive law in this connection maybe as well un-
do stood customary law as the enactment of a statute, and
the word is used to designate rules established by tacit ac-
quiescence or by legislative act of any State, and which
derive their force and authority fiom ?ueh acquiescence
or enactment, and not because they are the dictates of nat-
ural justice, and as such of universal obligation."
I do not remember ever to have met with a
statute or positive enactment, or any history or
statement of such law, declaring property in any
class of its multiform subjects, with the single ex-
ception of the colony of Georgia. But so far as I
know or have read property of every kind is first
established by appropriation, long use, and acqui-
escence of nations generally, or of a particular peo-
ple. In the one case it has its origin in locallaw,
and in the other in general law, both being merely
usage, custom, and acquiescence; and only after
it is thus established it becomes the subject of
enactment in the form of laws for its regulation
and protection. Property in slaves has had the
same origin and has been upheld by the same
sanctions and laws as property in every other
subject; and to deny property in slaves for want
of an express enactment wouid amount to its ab-
negation in every subject. I know of no country
that forms an exception to this general proposi-
tion except the colony of Georgia, from which
slavery was first interdicted by her positive enact-
ment, and to negative its effect her Legislature
passed a law to admit the introduction of slaves.
Even in the State of Pennsylvania African sla-
very was established at an early day. As long
ago as 1699, Penn proposed to provide by law for
the marriage, religious instruction, and kind treat-
ment of slaves, but there was no lesponse from
the Legislature. It is a debated question whether
or not he died a slaveholder. That lie held slaves
dunng his life 1 believe is a well-authenticated
histoucal fact. In 1719, to a general petition for
the f mancipation of slaves, the response of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania was, "it is neither
just nor convenient to set them at liberty." Ban-
cioft states that fact.
A Fiench slaver was captured by a British
cruiser, and by the captors claimed to beapirate,
and her condemnation was sought in the English
eouits. The case was brought into the Admiralty
Couit of England, and decided by Sir William
Scott; and in the opinion which he rendered are
these passages:
'•The actof tiadmgin slaves, however detestable, is not
the act of ftetbooteis. enemies of the human race, renoun-
cing ev< iv counts y, and lavagmgevery country, m its coasts
and vessels, indiscriminately."
 v\ com t, in the administration of law, cannot aftnmue
enmmainy to an act ulic-re the law imputes none. It must
