THE CONGRESS
GLOBE,
t.it" py-i r.n'> hs
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN G. RIVES, WASHINGTON, „
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1864.
gentleman from Virginia. The measure wag de-
feated by\80 votes in the affirmative to 113 in the
negative." Every'negative vote was given by a
RepubH-can, except that of Thomas C. Hindman,
now a general in the rebelarmy. Fourgentlemen
are still upon this floor who voted in theaffirma-
tive, S. S. Cox, of Ohio; Robert Mallory, of
Kentucky; James C. Robinson, of Illinoi#; and
William S. Holman, of Indiana, Among the
southern votes in its favor are John A. Criimer, of
South Carolina, then, and I believe still, an earnest
friend of the Union; John S. Millson, the pure
and virtuous Representative from Virginia, still
loyal to his country; Zcbulon B.Vance, the pres-
ent Governor of North Carolina; and Thomas S.
Bocock, of Virginia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
dsk the gentleman from Indiana what position
Thomas S. Rocock now holds. Is he not srpeaker
of the rebel congress?
Mr. HOLMAN. He is speaker of the rebel
congress. It is a striking fact, however, sir,that
such men, drifting ultimately into rebellion, on
the 27th of February, 1801, were eag;er to avoid
the terrible calamities of war by voting in favor
of submitting these propositions to the people,
while my loyal friend from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
BURNE,] then voting against that measure of peace
because it was a proposition to amend the Con-
stitution, now proposes to amend the Constitution
as a measure of war. The gentleman from Illi-
nois offered a resolution in that same connection,
from the committee of thirty-three,that the Con-
stitution of the United States did not need to be
amended but to be obeyed.
Sixteen gentlemen are still upon this floor who
voted in the negative; one of them, at least, ac-
cording to his declaration that the Constitution
required to be obeyed, not amended. But that
was a measure of compromise and of peace, this
is a measure of war, of disintegration, of ruin.
The voice of humanity and peace pleaded for the
one; fanaticism clamors for the other. In behalf
of peace and theUnion, you would not even per-
mit the people to vote on the question of con-
stitutional amendment. ^Ve shall see whether,
in behalf of disunion and war, you will press this
amendment upon a distracted country. I h^ye
said, sir, that m the formation and adoption of
the Constitution and Us amendments, the last of
which was adopted on the 25th day of September,
1804, there was an extraordinary unity of public
counsel andastate of profound peace. Upon ques-
tions so grave and important party and faction
were silent, and statesmen of diverging views, in
the spirit of compromise, directed the counsels of
the people. But this amendment is brought for-
ward as a mere party treasure. It is the attempt
to consummate the policy.of sectional domina-
tion which formed, and has ever controlled, the
Republican party, the policy which armed the
southern conspirators with the power by which
they forced their people into revolution. You
propose to effect this amendment by the power of
party, by the strength, not of deliberate public
will, but of party organization. You make it a
plank in your political platform. The danger of
attempting so grave a measure through a party
organization is well illustrated by the farewell ad-
dress of the illustrious citizen whom it was once
our pride to call the Father of his Country. Alas I
what a country now since his counsels have been
* spurned and forgotten ! He says:
" 1 have already intimated to j*ou the daftger of parties
In the Suite, with particular refeience to the founding of
them on geographical discriminations. Let me now take
a- more compiciicntive view, and wain you, in the most
solemn nuimipr, against the baneful effects of the spiiitof
party generally."
*****#*•«« 
" The alternate domination of one faction aver another,
shaipeucd by the spirit ot levonge, natuial topaity dissen-
sion, which, in diffciont ages and countries',haK perpetrated
the most horrid enormities is itself a frightful despotism.
But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent
despotism. The disorders ami miseries which result grad-
ually incline the minds of men to seek secuuty and repose
in the absolute power of an individual; and, sooner or
later, the chief ot some prevailing faction, more able or
more fortunate than his competitors, turns this disposition
18$
to the purposes of* his own elevation on the ruins of public
liberty.
"Without looking forward to an extremity of this kind,
(which, nevertheless, ought not to be entirely outof siglit,)
the common and continual mischiefs of the spirit of party
are sufficient to make it the interest and duty of a wise
peopie to discourage and restrain it."
Sir, if the noble figure which adorns this Hall
upon your right, and which now looks down so
calmly upon us, with a sheathed sword by its side,
and its hand resting on "the Constitution of the.
United States" of America could be fora moment
animated by the patriot spirit of him it repre-
sents, how would that calm eye flash upon this
House ! What words of fiery indignation would
overwhelm the party tricksters who, having
brought his country to the brink of ruin, now in
the rage of party spirit assail the Constitution
signed by his immortal name, the proudest monu-
ment of his wisdom and of that of his illustrious
comrades! Sir, as his eye surveyed the men who,
holding the destiny of hiscountry in their hands,
have betrayed their trust, and now prepare to con-
summate this parricidal act, how would its fiery
luster terrify and alarm ! Sir, he " would look on
them but to blast, he would speak but to curse."
He would speak as Washington alone could speak,
" Lay not your hand upon the'Constitution. It
is the only anchor of hope that is left for you and
for your children. It was formed in the spiiitof
fraternal concession. It embodies the matured
wisdom of the Revolution. Its spirit would-have
preserved my country in prosperity and peace.
You have rejected its wisdom and my country is
in ruins. Lay not your hand upon it. It is all
that is left of the rich legacy of the past; traitors
assail it with open violence and you by a more
deadly because secret assault. You would ex-
tinguish its vital power 011 the miserable pretense
of reform. Letitalone; itmayagain under wiser
counsels revive and redeem my country. How
dare you attempt its amendment, you who have
neither the patriotism to comprehend nor the virtue
to ad minister it in the spirit of its authors!" Such,
sir, would be the words of Washington 'if he
could speak to this House.
But independent, sir, of the agitation of the
public mind and the vicissitudes of war, are not
the times inauspicious for the work of constitu-
tional amendment, comparing the era when the
Constitution was adopted and the present? In the
development of the nobler attributes of man-
kind the era of the Revolution is the most re-
markable in history. Patience, forbearance, and
self-denial were the common virtues. It was the
era of elevated public anil private virtue, of fia-
ternity, conciliation, concession, and over all a
patriotism in which individual interests were for-
gotten, and all, all sacrificed to the public good.
Armies poorly clad fought without pay, piivate
citizens exhausted their estates in the public ser-
vice, and generals and officers of every grade,
following the example of their illustrious leader,
spurned the thought of compensation beyond ac-
tual expenses incurred in the line of duly, and
the unworthy citizen who sought to coin fortune
out of the grief of his country sank under the
universal scorn. Such was the spirit of the age
which gave us the Constitution. And what, sir,
of the age which would amend it? It is an age,
sir, in which the masses of the people emulate
the virtues of their fathers, but in which organ-
ized party with the insolence of a braggart and
the arrogance of a tyrant usurps the supremacy
of the public will. It is an era of venality and
selfishness; the leaders of public opinion sacri-
fice their country for private end even to the base-
ness of self-aggrandizement, coining into private
fortune the life-blood of the Republic, and the very
statutes of public law look to the aggrandizement
of the rich and the oppression of the poor, an
age, sir, of truckling subserviency to power, when
men are found base enough to
" crook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
Where thrift may follow fawning;"
whert the venal courtier with blasphemous words
dares to compare the first citizen of the Republic,
but first only in position, the dispenser of mil-
lions of patronage, light and-airy in the midst of
the general grief, partaking, ii>: ,th.e gay and fes.
tive scenes of the capital, while the wail,of grief
swells up from countless fields of battle,,to the
immortal Washington who suffered in every grMf
of his bleeding country, and on his bended knees ■
in the simple majesty of prayer stpjmed the very
gates of heaven in her behalf. The one, sir, .is
the offspring of a reckless and fanatic party, the ,
mere instrument of party,power; the other, sir,
was a gift of God to mankind. Washington,
sir, was a typj of his period, Abraham Lincoln
js a type of his party. Is such a time auspicious
to revise the work of the patriot fathers?
But as to the merits of the proposed amend-
ment. You propose to invade the domestic pol-
icy of States so solemnly guarantied by the Com t
stitution and without which the Uruon would
never have been formed,and abolish African sla-.
very, a subject foreign to the Constitution* for it
has no relation to domestic, concerns of a State.
Its purpose was to unite the States, while each
as to domestic government was stiii a sovereign,
as parts of one nation each subordinate, to the>
Federal head. You now propose to abolish Af-
rican slavery throughout the United States. I
am, sir, a firm advocate of the rights oftlie States.
I would maintain these rights with the.same fidel-
ity that I would the rights of Federal Govern-
ment. I am neither the advocate nor the apolo-
gist of slavery. In a war for the Constitution-
and the Union I would not have slavery weigh a
feather against the progress of our arms, if it
went down in such astruggle,even the loyal men
of the South could not complain. But, sir, the
Federal Constitution is in no sense responsible
for slavery, it is not for slavery noragainst sla-
very, as itisnot for or against any other domestic
institution of the States. It has not the remotest
connection with such questions, and even the.
clause for the return of fugitives from justice and
labor is but a measure of comity to preserve the
friendly relations of the States. The change you
propose is afundamental change of your Govern-
ment never contemplated by its founders.
But, sir, what are you to gain by the amend-
ment? In Maryland, Missouri, and Virginia, at
least to the extent of the recognized powers of
these States, slavery is already abolished. The.
President's proclamation, solemnly indorsed by'
yourselves and the validity of which you assert,
has declared slavery abolished in every State in
rebellion except Tennessee. Tennessee, then, a
State full of loyal citizens, and the loyal State of
Kentucky, with sixty thousand Union soldiers
in the field,are the only States to be affected, ac-
cording to your own theory. The slaves ot the
disloyal in those States have already been im-
pressed into your employment, so that uponyour.
own theory this provision will only affect loyal
citizens who, through every misfortune, have ad-
hered to the cause of theircountry. Sir, will this
act of violence, this usurpation of a majority un-
der the spur of party organization, increase the
loyalty of those whose rights you impair? Is,
your condition such, after the terrible effects of
your policy on this subject, to justify you in still
further impairing your cause in the southern
States? Ate yuu so strong and irresistible, lay-
ing aside all questions of justice and good faith,
that you can afford to, provoke new and perma-
nent causes of hostility on the part of men now
loyal totheUnion? So far as this measure affects
the interests of your citizens in the slavehokling
States it can only provoke indignation and bitter-
ness. Ii' Kentucky wishes to abolish African
slavery it is well. 1 should rejoice to know that she.
regarded such to be her tiue policy. It is her own ,
domestic institution; in good faith and justice it is
a measure beyond your power. If consummated,.
it is but an act of violence. If in the reckless
arrogance of political power you assume to annul
rights guarantied by your fathers and enjoyed
forages—the rights of domestic government and
provoke to a just indignation a loyal people, the ,
result of the folly should fall upon your own .
heads; but instead of that you will attempt to
