2962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
meet the conseq%eoeeS by new drains upon the
manhood of the North. But I warn gentlemen
tSS'WerFis'someiirhit to the duty of forbearance.
But what wilt be the.effect on the negroes thus
to be enfranchised? Will they increase your
military power? WJiy, sir, by your policy you
are now availing yourselves of the^ services of
every negro within'the lines* of yoVffr "Xrftiy. - In
spite of proclamations and law's three and a half
millions remain passively within the rebel lines.
You only-reach them- as your army advances,
and then subject them to any service ycra desire.
You never dream of consulting their wishes. As
to them your past experience proves that this
amendment would be a nullity. It would only
affect the temper and spirit of men still loyal to
, your cause, it may do more; it may confirm in
the public mind the belief that the war in the se-
cret council's of your ruling cabal is not for the
TJmon; that if the Union cannot be restored with
slavery abolished the separation shall be eternal.'
I charge,indeed, that such is the purpose of lead-
ing" men in the ranks of the Republican party.
But, sir, the amendment goes further. It con-
• fors on Congress the power to invade any State
to enforce the freedom1 of the African in war or
peace. What is the meaning of all that? Isfree-
dom the simple exemption from personal servi-
tude? No, sir; in the language of America it
means the right to participate in government,
the freedom for which our fathers resisted the
British empire. Mere exemption from servitude
is a miserable idea of freedom. A pariah in the
Stale, a subject, but not a citizen, holding any
right at the Will of Ihe governing power. What
is this but slavery? It exists in my own noble
State. Then, sir, this amendment has some sig-
nificance. Your policy, directed m its mam pur-
pose to the enfranchisement of a people who have
looked Willi indifference on your struggle, who
have given their strength to your enemies, and
then the constitutional power to force them into
freedom, to citizenship. If such be your purpose,
why deceive a noble and confiding people? Your
purpose in this amendment is not to increase the
efficiency of your Army or to diminish the power
of your enemies. No, sir; you diminish the one
and increase the other. You run the hazard of
all that to gratify your visionary fanaticism, the
elevation of the African to the august rights of
citizenship. The Federal power to invade Re-
states for this purpose, as proposed by this amend-
ment, strikes down tlie corner-stone of the Re-
public, the local sovereignty of the States, the
only resistance this day to a central despotism,
the event foreseen and thus guarded against by
our fathers. Not only then, sir, the time, thecon-
dition of the country, the distracted state ot the
public mind, the actual danger which it must pro-
voke, the absence of any promised benefit to our
arms; not only all. these plead in the voice of a
supplicating and bleeding country against this
new act of tolly and madness, but the fatal change
it proposesin the relation of theStatesto the Fed-
eral Government cries out against it. This act,
sir, if it shall have any effect at all, must be fatal;
fatal to the very life ot the Constitution, fatal to
the fundamental principles of the Republic, the
right, the irrepressible right of the States to do-
mestic government. Policy and prudence con-
demn it; and if it were possible, sir, the very
ashes of the Revolution would ery out against
this subordination of the States in domestic af-
fairs to the Federal power.
We entered upon this war, sir, with a united
North and n divided South, with overwhelming
advantages in ail the sinews of war, more than
twenty to one. With a patriotism never surpassed
the people have given you every power you de-
manded both of men and money. You have had
the whole vast resources of the country under
your control. Congress, almost without a dis-
senting voice, and without a moment's delay, lias
passed every measure you have required; the
courage and spirit of your gallant armies has been
all that a patriot could desire; and yet, sir, such
lias been the imbecility and fanaticism of your
policy that you have united the South, you have
divided the public opinion of the North,and turn
the eountiy into factions; you have sacrificed a
half a million of the very flower of our youth,
you have imposed upon thecountry the most ap-
palling debt, a debt which will crush labor for
ages to come; all of this in three years und a
;half; and yet, sir, what have you accomplished ?
By directing these mighty energies to one end,
the overthrow of the armed rebellion, with the
rights of the States and of the masses of the South
unimpaired, a year and a half of war would have
seen the authority of the Constitution reestab-
lished. Now who can predict the issue? Your
policy will not save but will ruin the country, and
this constitutional amendment suggests the danger
that you already propose to abandon the Union
as you have virtually done by your bill for re-
construction, if your policy with reference to the
African shall ultimately fail. This Administration
is weighed in the balance and found wanting;
it inspires 110 further hope; under God the salva-
tion of the Republic rests only m the hands of
the people.
But I will not despair of my country. The
Constitution, though trampled upon, is still un-
changed. I trust in God it will stand to illumin-
ate with the serene light of the past the darkness
that gathers around us, that a people worthy of
the Republic and worthy to be free will snatch it
from the hands of its enemies and cling to it as
the only foundation of hope.
And then, on motion of Mr. ELIOT, (at half
past eleven o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
\yEDNESDAY, June 15, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition ofcitizena
of Ulster county, New York, praying for the pas-
sage of the bill ( H. R. No. 276) to secure to per-
sons in the military or naval service of the ,Uni-
ted States homesteads on confiscated or forfeited
estates in insurrectionary districts; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT presented two petitions of citizens
ofVetmont, piaying for the passage of the bill
(H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the mili-
tary and naval service of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or forfeited estates; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented six petitions of men
and women of the United States, praying for the
abolition of slavery, and such an amendment of
the Constitution as will forever prohibit its ex-
istence in any portion of the Umon;"which were
referred to the select committee on slavery and
fieedmen.
Mr. POMEROY piesented the memorial of
Homy Chailes d'Ahna, praying that certain
moneys alleged to have been placed by him in the
hunduofthu Government may be refunded; which
was referred to the Committeg on Claims.
JUAN MIRANDA.
Mr. CARL1LE. Yesterday when the bill (S.
No. 238) for the settlement of private land claims
in the State of California was before the body on
a motion for its indefinite postponement, anxious
as 1 have shown myself to be not to delay the
business of the Senate, 1 did not discharge prob-
ably my duty by making a statement to the Senate
in relation to it; 1 leel, therefore, that it is due to
myself to appeal to some member of the majority
who voted for the indefinite postponement to move
a reconsideration of that vote. The Senator from
California, [Mr. Conness,] who diffeis with me
in opinion about it, will at least bear me witness
that I have endeavoied to accommodate my ac-
tion to suit his convenience; and 1 should be glad
if the vote postponing the bill should be recon-
sidered, so that 1 could make a statement and pre-
sent it to the Senate in the light in which it has
appeared to me. Then let the Senate act upon it.
1 will not interfere with the business of the Sen-
ate by calling it up at an unreasonable hour if it
should be reconsidered and allowed to remain.
■ Mr. FOOT. I will answer to that appeal so
far as to move the reconsideration under the state-
ment of the Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDENT protempm-e. Shall the vote
by which the bill was indefinitely postponed be
reconsidered ?
Mr. CONNESS. I should prefer on this mo-
tion to reconsider to hear whatever the Senator
has to say additionally on the measure. I have
of course the hope that the Senate will not recon-
sider the vote. I forbore saying to the Senate
all that, I desired to say when' the bill was under
consideration, in deference to what I knew to be
the wishes of the Senate, and also with regard to
what I knew to be* the near approach of the term-
ination of the session,knowing how valuable time
was.
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator wilt allow me
to interrupt him. Let the vote be reconsidered,
and I will promise it shall not be called up until
it suits the convenience of the Senator. I do not
wish now to interfere with the morning business.
It is suggested that it is unusual to malte a state-
ment on a bare motion to reconsider. If he will
just allow the reconsideration to be had, I will
confer with him as to the time when we can dis-
cuss it, and I promise him 1 shall content myself
with a bare statement.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know any reason
why the motion to reconsider may not be entered
as it is now; and when a motion is made to take
it up, then the statement of the Senator may be
made. This question is one of great importance
to the State that I in part represent here. I have
already caused to be read to Senators_ from the
desk of this body the concurrent resolutions of the
sovereign State of California after duly and fully
considering this subject. It is a question that af-
fects, so far as the assertion of title is concerned,
the interests of over seven thousand people in the
State that I represent.
Mr. CARLILE. If the Senator will allow me,
I understand there are some reports to be made.
Let the motion to reconsider be entered, and when
we have leisure I will call it up.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. CARLILE. It will leave it, then, in the
position in which it was.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider has been made, and it will be laid
aside to be taken up at some other time.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to that
course.
Mr. CARLILE. It is not that I desire it, but
only to accommodate myself to the wishes of the
Senate.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 281) to amend the six-
teenth section of the act entitled "An act to de-
fine the pay and emoluments of certain officers
of jhe Aimy, and for other purposes," approved
July 17, 1862, reported it without amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
271) relating to civil actions in the District of
Columbia, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a petition of
citizens of Florida praying that the salary of the
United States district judge for the northern dis-
trict of that State may be increased, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution relative to an arrange-
ment made by the President and Secretary of
War with Major Generals Schenck and Blair to
receive from them temporarily the resignation
of their commissions to enable them to take their
seats as members of the House of Repiesenta-
tiv< s, submitted a repoitaccompanied by the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That an officer of the United States whose
resignation has been duly accepted and taken effect, or
wlu  having been elected a member of either House of
Congress qualities and'enters on the discharge ot the du-
ties ol a member,in theiehy in either eas>e out of the oliice
previously held, and cannot be restored to it without a new
appointment in the manner piovided by the Constitution.
The resolution lies over for consideration, and
the report was ordered to be primed.
MICHIGAN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bili (H. R.
ISfo. 513) to detach the counties of Calhoun and
Rranch from the western judicial distnetand an-
nex the same to the eastern district of Michigan,
have instructed me to report it back and 1 (-com-
mend its passage. It is merely to detach two
counties from one judicial district and ticuisfer
