1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLQBE;
anil forms. It is if the maiks on this paper [ex-
hibiting a map] can be seen as represented there,
perfectly spider-shaped.
The Senator from Maryland, as I think, ap-
plies Ins argument to cases between different
Spanish claimants; and the act to which he refeis
relates to claimants under Spanish grants, and
not to cases between claimants and settlers 011 the
public lands under the laws of the United States.
Am I correct?
Mr. JOHNSON. It includes everybody.
Mr. HARDING. The persons who desire to
contest this grant are settlers on the land which
they supposed to be Government or public land.
They ask now the privilege of contesting the right
of" these Spanish claimants or Mexican grantees
to that part without the two leagues. They are
not claimants undera Mexican grant. They have
no right to the land except as preemptors. They
cannot preempt until the land is surveyed and
In ought into market; and the land cannot be
surveyed and brought into market, as I under-
stand it, until this Mexican grant is disposed of.
Therefore it is necessary to pass this hill to give
them the right to preempt and settle the bounda-
ries of this claim. That is the whole matter, as
I understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
whether that Mexican grant has been canfirmed.
Mr. HARDING. The survey has been filed
in the district court, and the district court at the
last dates had not confirmed the survey.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is still an open ques-
tion, then.
Mr. CONNESS. I will begin by responding
to the remark of the Senator from Maine. 1 heard
him say that it was still an open question. It is
not an open question in this, that the United States
district attorney has stipulated that part of tile
case valuable to these settlers away, and which
comprehends their rights. This is simply a case
involving thequestion of whether certain settlers
upon the land in question may go into court and
reopen what was stipulated away against them
by the United States district attorney.
Let me present the case so that I think 1 can
make it understood. This land claim is located
in what is known as Contra Costa county in Cal-
ifornia; it is a hilly or mountainous district lying
east of the city of San Francisco and across that
bay. The larger portion of the countiy is mount-
ainous and hilly land, the smaller portion of it
valley land. In many instances the valley land
is found in very small nooks made by the ravines
that lun down from the mountains at their term-
ination. The grantees 111 this case were determ-
ined by the United States courts to be entitled
to two leagues of land. The next question in-
volved was where those two leagues of land should
be located. As stated by the Senator from Ore-
gon while an appeal was pending to the Supreme
Court of the United States, involving a question
of title, the grantees entered into an agreement
with the district attorney who was prosecuting
the case on the part of the United States, that it
they would withdraw their appeal he would agree
on the part of the United States that the grantees
might locate their two leagues of land wherever
they saw fit. The result has been that tlicy have
located their two leagues of land in a form that is
not only inconsistent with all ideas of public sur-
veys. but they have drawn their net about the set-
tlententof every man living within miles of where
their land should be located. Wherever they
found a valuable settlement, an improved piece
of property, there they ran their survey out and
took it in, am! 1 have before me here the tiacings
of a map which requires only to be looked at to
establish its fraudulent character. U is an out-
rage upon those meivso gross that 11 beats the
stamp and impress of fraud upon its face, i hese
men, upon whose efforts the prosperity of our
country tests, are to be despoiled and deprived of
their valuable holdings and homes by the stipu-
lation and agieement of the United States district
attorney, not now 111 office, made without their
consent, without their being parties to tt, and
every valuable acre of land ill the vicinage is to
be taken no by these parties, and the valueless
lulls and mountains left to the Government.
The 1 ilea connected with all these questions
of the loc-ition of land within the extetioi bounda-
ries alluded to, is that when the land ■11
shall be located within a compact body, that th ,
parties shall take it for better or for worse; that j
they shall take a part of the mountains and apart j
of the valleys; that they shall not run it into
angles wherever they find a man's holding or his '
settlement improved by his labor, which they
have done in this case.
The bill before us is not a genera! act; it is a
special act applicable to a special case where a
gross and outrageous wrong has been perpetra-
ted. The general principles involved in the ques-
tion of the location of lands witkin the ,exterior
boundaries of these Spanish grants will be prop-
erly in discussion when the bill that I introduced
in this body, and which now is upon our table,
shall be taken up, which I will move very shortly.
But this bill involves the simple question whether
these people shall be allowed to go into court,
notwithstanding the stipulation made by the dis-
trict attorney against them, by which they are
despoiled of their homes, and reopen the case and
get an honest and fair adjudication of it. I will
not continue to waste the morning hour further
upon this question, but hope the Senate will puss
the bill.
Mr. J OHNSON. As 1 stated just now I have
not the slightest knowledge of this particular case,
but reading the paper which the honorable mem-
ber from Oregon gave me I am satisfied that the |
policy of a measure like this bill is very objec-
tionable. This i suppose is from a California
paper.
Mr. HARDING. The AUa.
Mr, JOHNSON. TheAha. It is headed "The
Slander Refuted:"
"The Slander IlErtiTED.—This is the dignified head-
ing of a communication in Nexterday's Alia in defense of
Judge Hothnan, signed by J. B. Cioekett. After quoting
our btrictuies on the outrageous survey of the San Il.unou
{.'taut, now on file in the United States district court, he
proceed? to refute what he is pleased to teira a ( blunder;'
but in reality succeeded in making a stionger case against
Judge. Hoffman than we did ourselves, lie says:
'"A stipulation was entered into between the United
Stares district attorney and the claimant, Carpentier, by
which the latter abandoned his appeal from the decree lim-
iting the quantity to two leagues, in consideiauon of which
the dibtiiet attorney, on behalf of the United States, con-
sented that Carpentier might select and locate the two
leagues anywhere within the exterior limits of the general
tract. A decree was entered, founded on thit> stipulation.',}
Nov/, the Senate will see that so far the Uni-
ted States, as represented by the district attorney,
arid the claimant are dealing with the public lands
of the United States, or rather with lands which
would be the lands of the United States but for
this grant. It can operate only, therefore, if per-
mitted to operate at all, upon such lands as be-
long to the United States. That is all. Now, it
seems from what 1 have read that the decision of
the district court limited the quantity that the
claimant insisted upon it that he was entitled to
under the circumstances of that case, he claim-
ing a larger quantity than the quantity stipulated
for in the grant,
Mr. CONN ESS. 1 never knew one of these
claimants that did not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well, then, there are
two parties. The claimant says in this case, (1
assume that now by way of illustration,) " 1 am
entitled under my grant to four leagues;" the
district attorney says, " You are entitled to but
two;" the district judge decides that he is entitled
to but two; but he takes an appeal from that de-
cision to the Supreme Court of the United States.
How that appeal would result nobody could tell.
It might have been successfully prosecuted, and
the United States would have lost four leagues of
the lands that they claimed. In that state ofthe
controversy the district attorney, in behalf of the
United States, says to the claimant, "Abandon
vou. appeal, admit that vou are entitled only to
two leagues, and ym^iviny locate your two
leagues upon any part of the lands within the
outer limits of the grant that belong to the United
. States." That is all. " Go any where within
i these exterior limits.M In one sense he had a
j right to go anywhere within the exterior limits.
I The honorable member from California says
| that where the quantity called for is less than the
quantity included in theexteiior limits, the quau-
ti tity called for must be located togetherm abouy.
1' I do not know any law that tequires it to be
located in a body. The practice may be to give
S! f,uc.h a location us will make the two leagues one
P body of land, i do not understand that this sur-
]] vey—I have not looked at the survey—does not
IS give to the grantee two leagues in one body, it
may hot be in the; body that Uie honorable >3en -
tor thinks would be right; but it is iff ^'he body.
It is not in one form, it is iri another
there is no intervening land between the land laid
out to the claimant by the survey under the stip-
ulation and the land belonging to the United States
or belonging to any other claimant. {
In the first place, then, this would seem tohsiye
been a valid agreement as between the Omted
States and the claimant. But how doe£ it stand?
This paper goes on to say, after denouncing Judge
Hoffman for having sanctioned that stipula^i/oh:
" We ask what right hasJudge Hoffman to countenance,
by his decrec, stipulations that would warrant so outrage-
ous a survey ? On what ground of Tight or Justice coufd
he have traded off the homes of settlers who were never
before included in the giant in consideration of Uie pre-
tended concessions of Carpentier? We are told that Judge
Hoffman 1ms not yet passed upon this survey j Indeed, Mr.
Crockett avers that it has in no manner been brought to
las attention hitherto. It is true that he has not as yet
passed on the survey; but that it has been before him Mr.
Crockett hun?elf must be aware } for some time in January
h« himself appeared before the court on behalf of the con-
flicting Romero giant, and objected to the survey. But the
main point of objection to Judge Hoffmaft's action lit the
matter « , that he should hy boiojmn decree have justified
and indorsed the stipulations on which this bftrvey is based j
that instead of requiring Carpentier to take his land in a
compact mags, he should have authorized him to ruiMhe
most unnatural lines over a vast extentof country in order
to gobble up the fai ms of men who were never before pre-
sumed to be on tlitf San Itamon grant."
The case then is this: the survey is before the
district court unacted on. Have not these par-
ties a remedy if they think proper to avail them-
selves of it? Let us see what are the provisions
of the act of 1862, to which I adverted just now.
After saying in what maimer the surveys were
to be made, it provides:
" Provided,however, That all parties claiming Interest un-
der preemption, settlement, or other right or title derived
from the United States, shall not be permitted to iutt-rvene
severally, but the rights and inteiestsof said parties shall
be represented by the district attorney of the United States,
intervening in the name of the United Slates, aided by
counsel acting for said parties jointly, if they think proper
to employ such counsel."
So that every man, whether lie claims a right
or an interest under a preemption title, under a
settlement without any preemption title, or by
any " other right or title" in ihe language of tlio
act, is at liberty to go before the court and con-
test the survey.
Mr. HARDING. I do not understand-it so.
"Shall not be permitted to intervene" is the lan-
guage.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member has
read it hastily. That is not my case, for 1 have
had occasion to read it very often. In (he case
of persons claiming under the United States, they
are not permitted tointervenc separately,but they
may intervene collectively, and they are at liberty
to employ counsel, and it is the business of ihe
district attorney of the United States to repre-
sent them, too, it being the purpose of the Gov-
ernment, of course, to see that justice is done be-
tween conflicting claimants.
Mr. CONNESS. These settlers are not con-
fiicti: g claimants in arty sense.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not? if they are not,
it is because they have 110 rights.
Mr. COWAN. They are no claimants. They
only propose to come itt in case the United States
shall be found to have title.
Mr. JOHNSON. Tliey may come in in bebnlf
of the United "States. This bill goes far beyond
the act of 1862. The second section of this biti
provides:
That in case it shall be liiund that the United States
have title to nay of said lauds within said extenor bound-
aries, which have been settled upon and improved by any
person, m good Uitll, under o bone fide chum ot lllle, sucti
occupant, and each settler upon said lands so situ.ued,
shall be entitled to enter and n ccive a patent/or one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, including bis mipiovemeiita,
upon payment, utthe piopwland ntiiCH.al i!tc Government
puce ofijit 25 per acrc, and proving that lie was one of
the actual and bona Jidc settleis on syHi lamia and had
made improvements thereon before the passage of liusact.
This assumes that the lands to be operated upon
by the second section of this bill are public lands,
and not the lands ofthe individual claimant; and
thequestion is now a question between the United
Stales and the particular claimant under this Mex-
ican title, what portion of the lands within the
exterior boundaries is the claimant under theMex-
ican title entitled to. That depends upon the true
location of the Mexican title. If it is not truly
located by the district judge, let them go before
the district judge and prove it. It the district
