1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
appropriation was made for it by the Government,
was a road that did not last two years, and has
never been such a roa$ as could be called a wag-
on road. The road built from Fort Benton to
Walla-Walla, which cost §100,000, is not a road
which can be used as a wagon road.
Now, this bill proposes to grant four hundred
and eighty thousand acres of the public domain
to the Territory of Washington for the construc-
tion of this road, and the distance from Walla-
Walla to Seattle or Steilacoom, the two proposed
termini of the road on Puget Sound, is, in round
numbers, about two hundred and fifty miles.
This bill grants every alternate section for
three miles on each side of the proposed road,
and not fifteen milps, as stated by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill;] but in the event
that these lands are occupied by settlers, the
bill permits the Territory to go a distance be-
yond that, not to exceed fifteen miles, to select
its lands from the alternate sections designated by
even numbers in lieu thereof.
Wow, sir, as is well known to every one who
is acquainted with the geography of that Terri-
tory, it is about three hundred and fifty miles in
length, extending from cast to west, and about
two hundred miles in width, and that the Cascade
mountains, the highest and the most formidable
mountains upon this continent, extend directly
through the Territory of Washington from north
to south, dividing it into two unequal sections.
Now, the settled portions of the Territory are
on Puget Sound, along the Columbia river, and
in the extreme eastern portion of the Territory.
The central portion of the Territory, occupied by
these mountains and the great sandy plain to the
eastof them, is entirely unsettled. Although the
bill proposes to grant more than four hundred
thousand acres in round numbers, yet really the
amount of the donation will not be more than a
hundred thousand acres of lands that can be sold
at the minimum price of $1 23 per acre. Oil the
first twenty miles of the road to be constructed,
starting from Walla-Walla, all the good lands
there have been settled for years, and there are
no other lands there that will sell for twenty-five
cents an acre. Fiom Wallula, where the road
crosses the Columbia river, to the Yakama rivei
the country is very barren and sandy, and the
lands are worth nothing. We pas^ then up the
Yakama valley, and the best lands in that valley
upon one side are included in the Yakama Indian
leservation, and we must pass to the barren plain
on the opposite side of the river to get the balance
of the land. And when we get to the mountains,
for a distance of sixty miles, the lands would be
good for nothing for the purposes of constructing
this road unless they be mineral lands, and if
mineral lands the United States should not part
with them
I will now give way t'o the gentleman from Illi-
nois to make a motion to recommit and print the
bill, so that all members can have an opportunity
to examine its provisions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Washington that there seems to be
a desire on the part of the House to postpone the
consideration of this bill. I will, therefore, move
that the bill be postponed and printed.
Mt. JULIAN. 1 think that this bill should go
to the Committee on Public Lands, and be printed.
Mr. FARXSWORTH. The trouble is that
that committee may never have a chance to report
it back.
Mr. JULIAN. We shall have an opportunity
to report very shortly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move, then,thatthe
bill be referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and piinted.
The motion was agreed to.
soldiers' clothing lost.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back a bill to reim-
burse ihe officers and men of the twentieth regi-
ment Indiana volunteers for loss of baggage and
other property at Hatteras Inlet, and several other
petitions on the like subject; and asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration theieof,
and that the report be ordered to be printed.
The report was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxswurtii] whether
any information wits laid befoie the Committee
on Military Affairs as to whether that Indiana re-
giment was supplied with clothing in the place of
that lost at Hatteras Inlet.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Notthat I am aware
of. The law, as it is now, provides for the relief
of soldiers who shall have lost clothing or bag-
gage by the casualties of war. By a regulation
of the War Department, as will be seen by the
circular of the (Quartermaster General, recited in
the report, provision is made for the reissue of
clothing under certain restrictions, but it must be
done on the requisition of the commanding officer,
stating the facts and circumsta^bes under which
the loss occurred. The Committee on Military
Affairs simply reports that the law, as it now is,
is sufficiently broad to cover the whole case. We
were only asked to provide for the reimburse-
ment to soldiers of clothing lost, and the law al-
ready provides that very thing. We have there-
foie incorporated in the report the general order
of the War Department and the circular of the
Quartermaster General, issued by direction of the
Secretary of War, providing for the manner in
which reissues shall be made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I notice from the reading of
the report of the committee that general princi-
ples are laid down which are supposed to cover
all cases. But it is a well-known fact that this
Indiana regiment sustained very serious loss at
Hatteras Inlet, that of their entire baggage, by
the casualties that occurred there. For some rea-
son or other, no reimbursement has been made.
1 apprehend that there must be some defectin the
law, and that its provisions do not reach this par-
ticular case. No case has occurred during the
war where the loss has been so complete and so
entirely beyond the control of the soldiers them-
selves as that at Hatteras Inlet. I trust, there-
foie, that the Committee on Military Affairs will
consent to have the subject referred back to it
again, with instructions to make inquiry spe-
cially in regard to this Indiana regiment. I trust
the gentleman from Illinois will not object to that
course
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I am
well acquainted with the subject of the loss to
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
alludes—that of the twentieth Indiana regiment.
I have conversed with the officers of that regiment
in relation to it, and I do not deem it necessary
that the matter be re-referred to ihe Committee on
Military Affairs for the purpose of examining that
case.
It is true that there are cases of individual hard-
ship on the part of officers and men. Still n is
not deemed necessary that v/e should legislate any
further in regard to the subject-matter about
which complaint is made. There are many cases
—and perhaps this case of the twentieth Indiana
is one—where officers and men load themselves
down with too much baggage. The policy of the
Army is, and should be, to take as little baggage
as possible. Officers and men should not go into
the field loaded with baggage. It impedes the
march; it interferes with the mobility of troops.
Any legislation for the reissue of clothing fut ther
than the present legislation provides for it, would
encourage that very evil of carrying too much
baggage, because then baggage that is lost would
be paid for.
It is very difficult to ascertain the value of prop-
erty thus lost by officers and soldiers. A soldier
seldom loses a garment that is not partly worn.
How shall its vaiue be fixed? Plow much is the
Government to pay for it? These questions all
present themselves; and it is very difficult to shape
legislation to meet each individual case of loss or
hardship that may occur.
Thnefoie, Mr. Speaker, ihe Committee on Mil-
itaiy Alfatrs, after consulting with the Secretary
of War, and getting from him and from the Quar-
termaster General a copy of the regulations al-
ready made in regard to the reissue of clothing,
and from an examination of the joint resolution,
came to the conclusion that no further legislation
was necessary.
In a great many instances clothing is not re-
issued to the troops simply because the officers
do not attend to their duty, and do not make proper
reports to their commanding officers. They are
careless about it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
Military Affairs report back these memorials and
resolutions, with the recommendation that they
be laid on the table and the report be ordered, to
be printed, considering theexisting legislation "on
the subject to be sufficient*
Now, Mr. Speaker, if officers of the Army will
take pains to inform themselves of the regulations
of the W ar Department upon this subject, and will
do their duty to their men in making the proper
reports to the Department, so that there can be a
redistribution of clothing, they will avoid many
cases of hardship such as have occurred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
as the report of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs is to lie on the table, this debate can be in*
dulged in only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask consent to say that I
hope the whole subject will not be laid on the table.
If officers have been derelict in their duty, is that
any reason why these men should suffer? These
occurrences, certainly in the case of the Indiana
regiment to which I have referred, took place so
far remote from this Capitol as to render it al-
mostimpossible to avail themselves of the inform-
ation which the gentleman has now given us.
I trust, therefore, that this matter will not be
laid on the table, but that it will be postponed
until some day that will give us an opportunity
to ascertain (he facts on which this bill rests.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
Military Affairs have reported no bill. They
have merely reported back certain memorials.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest the
object of the gentleman from Indiana might be
accomplished by referring the memorials back to
the committee, with leave to report at any time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to that.
The memorials were accordingly recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs, with leave
to report at any time.
ENROLLMENT OF TIIE NATIONAL FORCES.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have instructed me to report bacl^
sundry memorials, bills, and papers referring to
the enrollment law. The House has aheady
acted upon these papers by the passage of an en-
rollment act. I therefore ask that the committee
may be discharged from the further consideration1
of those papers.
The papers reported were laid on the table.
THANKS TO GENERALS ROSECRANS AND THOMAS.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back Senate joint resolu-
lution (No. 11) giving the thanks of Congress to
Major General George H. Thomas, and the offi-
cers and men who fought under his command at
the battle of Chickamauga, with an amendment,
and with the recommendation that, as amended,
the joint resolution do pass.
The amendment inserts before the name of
Major General Thomas the name of Major Gen-
eral William S. Rosecrans; and includes also the
officers and men who fought under his command
in the same battle on the 19th and 20th of Sep-
tember, 1863.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to a third reading; and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Air. GARFIELD moved to amend the title so
as to make it read as follows:
Joint r<;=ohmon of thanks to Major General William S.
JRosfx-rans and Major Genetal G'-onre H, Thomas, and the
oiTioeis ant! nn-ti who touglit under then commands at the
battle of OJm kaniaug.t.
The amendment was agreed to.
The title as amended was agreed to.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER ENGINEERS.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 251, to organize a
regiment of vetei an volunteer engineers, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engiosaed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the bill passes I should
like to have it read.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secretary
