1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
of War to enlist out of any volunteer forces in
the army of the Cumberland, who have hereto-
fore served as pioneers, pontoniers, or engineers,
aregiment of veteran volunteerengineers,to con-
sist often companies,the men to receive the same
payand bounties as is provided by law for veteran
volunteers, the officers to be commissioned by the
President of the United States on nomination by
the general in command of the army of the Cum-
berland, and to receive the same pay as engineer
officers m the regular Army; the men to be cred-
ited to the States from which they shall have ori-
ginally enlisted.
Mr. ASHLEY. I would suggest thatthe words
'"and districts5' shall be added after the word
"States," so*that these men shall be credited to
the States and congressional districts from which
they originally enlisted.
Mr.HOLMAN. I think it would be much bet-
ter to credit these men to the States where the
soldiers themselves resided at the time of their
enlistment. I brought to the attention of the War
Department a few days ago the fact that in the
early part of the war a large number of men from
the State of Indiana went to Kentucky and en-
listed, because at the time the quota of their own
State was full,and they could not be acccpted from
Indiana. These men have not been credited to
Indiana, nor, as I am informed, can they be un-
der the existing laws and regulations; but I think
it would be but justice to provide in this bill for
the crediting of these men who are to reenlist into
this engineer regiment to the State where the sol-
diers resided at the time of their original enlist-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will say to the gentleman,
in answer to his suggestion, that the law having
already determined that rcenlistmouts shall bo
credited lo the Suites in which they shall have
iH&nlisti'd, I drafted this in the form of the gen-
eral principle. It seems to me it would he bad to
make a general rule and then to make an excep-
tion in this ense.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. GAUFIBLD. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Ky the enrollment act as it
now exists, amended by the present Congress, we
have wiped out Suite lines and divisions and made
subdivisions into towns and wards. 1 suggest
that credit be given not in States and districts,
but in the subdivisions of Slates, as provided in
the enmflment net.
Mi*. OARFIRLD. I  Rrcp lo that. _
Mr. NCHKNCK. That will make it harmo-
nize with the existing law.
Mr. GARFIELD. What is the language11
Mr. SCHENCK. That credit be given to the
subdivisions of States as provided by existing
laws.
Mr. G/VRFIKLD. The suggestion of my col-
league covers the whole ground, and inxteud of
saying <! States and districts'' 1 will say " sub-
divisions of States."
There was no objection, and the bill was
amended aceoiriingly.
The hill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it wmn accordingly read (he thiid time,
and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved lo voconf id<u* the vote
by which the bill wit* pro-wed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISYUPtflON OP OFFICERS.
Mr. GAItFi ELD, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported baek House bill No. 187,
to regulate the dismission of officers in the mil-
itary and naval service of the United States, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill w><s read.
M r. GARF1 ELD demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
The bdl was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read file third time, and passed.
Air. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bii! was passed; and also moved that;
the motion to reconsider he laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
PROTECTION OF EMIGRANTS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to aid in the
protection of emigrants to the Territories; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, the
reasons for this bill are few and strong. The
Government early in this war were supplied with
an infeiior class of arms, and there are a great
many of them now on hand. Instead of keeping
large bodies of troops upon the roads to California
and the Pacific we think we had better arm the
emigrants thernstlves. We will thus dispense with
a great expense to the Government, and at the
same time secure the safety of emigrants across
the plains to the new Territories from Indians
and others. It will enable them safely to go out
and dig gold, which we need very much to sus-
tain our currency. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thiid time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsidei be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill to establish a Bureau
of Military Justice; which was read a first and
second lime.
The bill was read i?i cxlenso.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the Clerk to read the
report of the Secretary of War which explains
the necessity of passing, and immediately pass-
ing, a lull of this kind.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Diligent eiloit lia< been made for the enfoieemeut of
discipline, the detection of li.nuH, and then prevention and
jmni^lnuent by suiununy oi by the eouvjction and
sentence ol mnlty paities by com t-maitial and nnlitaiy com-
iiiKmou, Jn tlu^ ic-peet much h.v been accomplished by
The Jitdijc Advoe.ue (iencial and Ins as--i?-tanU. Fiom his
rcpoit It appears that, since the commencement of the re-
bellion, vaM as lias been the lnciea^e ol the duties and Ja-
bots oi ins ollic, thcic ha* been no legislative pioviMon en-
lai:,'nt£ the ui.Mruiuentalme.s for tneir potfoimancc. The
tn.iclnneiy of the nfliee lcmams .is when the Army con-
sisted but ol ^imc thuteen thousand men. Tins condition
of tiling the mote slukniy when it is lemcmbeied that m
eveiy other inaneh of the milhaiy -eiviee leuislatiori lias
kept paer with tJie \\ niltscieated by the cmeigencies ol the
war 1 [ is essential that the torce oi this oilice be increased
to an et the emerge ucio-i of the service. The following
a suininaiy ol the bu-me-M dispatched m the Judge Advo-
c.i'e GrneiaTs olhre liorn the I>t September, JcG'J, to 1st
November, leiili, a peiiod of lomteen months.
" Nntub''i ot leeords oi'tiiul-: by geneial com ts-martial
and mil itaiy com missions reviewed, 17,357. Number of re-
port^ made as to the regularities of the piocecding*, on ap-
plications for icstoration to the service, awl for the pardon
ot oliendets, and remission or commutation of sentences,
Miscellaneous repoits on other questions referred
to the office, 172.
" While many of those  epoit< aie brief, many are long
and elaboiatc, involving an examination of complicated
masses ofiact. and of diilic nit legal questions. Astecorded,
th''y occupy about two thousand quarto pagea."
Mr. SCHENCK. In addition to whathasbeen
said by the Secretary of War as to the necessity
of the passage of a bill of this kind, I will say we
have just passed through this House a bill which
will increase very much the business of the Judge
Advocate and of those connected with his office.
We have passed a bill applying a wholesome re-
foun and a restraint upon the arbitrary dismissal
from service, and allowing in a number of cases
tnuls by courts-martial where they have not here-
tofore been allowed. I hope this bill will pass.
Mr. BROOKS. I am somewhat surprised that
a bill of this character should be pressed to a vote
without an opportunity for examination. It ap-
pears to me to create almost a new bureau, and it
overthrows and changes in a very summary and
fundamental manner the mode and manner of ex-
ecuting military law. Tiieexpenf:es of executing
the provisions of this bill, also, seem very large.
I see also that many laws are repealed by it.
I do not know but it may be $\i right; but it
seems to me a bill of this importance should be
printed and laid upon the tables of members, and
should not be put through without a more thor-
ough discussion, and certainly not without giving
us more time for its consideration. I am not pre-
pared to say that I am opposed to the bill itself.
I am only prepared to say I have not had time to
give it that necessary examination which a bill of
this great importance, establishing a new mode
and manner of trial of mibtary offenses, ought to
have. I should be glad to hear from the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, or
any other gentleman who is informed upon this
subject, a further explanation of the bill, its pur-
poses and objects.
- Mr. SCHENCK. The objection made to the
bill is one which strikes me as very singular.
The bill now pending is that which was offered
as an amendment by us as a substitute to bill No.
49 of the House, and which gentlemen will find
upon their files. So far from its creating a new
bureau or establishing new duties, and providing
for proceedings not heretofore known to the law
and practiced in the War Department, the effect
is just the reverse.
'The bill finds, at the War Department, a Judge
Advocate's office, with a Judge Advocate, with all
the functions he exercises and all the immense re-
sponsibilities and labois thrown upon him, ns an
existing thing. It finds in that Judge Advocate's
office not a sufficientamount of help by Assistant
Judge Advocates to enable the head of that depart-
ment to get through with the business thrown
upon him. This bill, without altering any law,
without going into any details, simply increases
the rank of the Judge Advocate, gives him two
assistants, and establishes that known, fixed,
practical bureau as it exists already in the War
Department.
The objection, therefore, is a very singular one;
for the objection is not sustained by one single
fcict connected with the characterof the bill. It is
a bill which simply accepts the Judge Advocate's
office as it now exists, converts that Judge Advo-
cate's office into a bureau, enlarges the jurisdic-
tion, and increases, as seems to be right, the rank
of the Judge Advocate. That is the whole of it.
Mr. BROOKS. I would ask the gentleman if
House bill No. 49, which is on our desks, is the
one now reported to the House?
Mr. SCHENCK. This bill is precisely what
is contained on the second page of that bill as
printed, and which is printed in italics.
But the most serious objection which the gen-
tleman seems to make to the bill is that H comes
from a bad quarter.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh no, I did not say that. I
said that" Bureau of Military Justice" was a bad
name.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood him to say that
the bill came from a bad quarter.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no; I did not say that.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very glad the gentle-
man did not say it, because I was about to remark
that if he had any reference to my exercise of
military justice, I never exercised any that any
loyal man had reason to be afraid of. I ask now
that the bill be put upon its passage, and I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thud time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS Otf MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. STEVENS. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is through with his
repoits, I will move to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is one very import-
ant bill relating to the increase of pay of soldiers
and the pay of colored troops which the commit-
tee desire to get in. It is one that will occupy a
great deal of time, and therefore it has been with-
held to the last. I am perfectly willing to agree
that the committee shall be allowed to report it on
Monday next after the morninghour,oron some
succeeding day after the morning hour. I know
that the House is anxious to have the measure
before it.
The SPEAKER. Are there one or two bills?
Mr. SCHENCK. There are other bills which
we also desire to report.
The SPEAKER. Then on Monday next, the
