THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 15,
Hereby granted shall be exclusively applied in the con-
tbatroad for and on accdunt^of which such
lands are hereby granted, and shall be disposed of only as
the work progresses, and the .same *h«U be applied to no
Siher* narpOne Whatever: Provided further, That any and
all lands heretofore Reserved to the United States by any
aet of Congress, or in any other manner by competent
authority) for the purpose of aiding in any object of inter-
nal improvement, or far any other purposes, whatsoever,
be", aifd the same are hereby, "reserved to the United States
from the operation of this act, except so far as it may be
found necessary to locate the route of said road through
such reserve*! lands, iiT* VSrhich case the right of way only
shall be granted.- ... .
'Sec. 2, Jind b* it further enacted, That the said lands
hereby granted to'tWfe'said State "shall be subject to the dis-
posal'of the fcegislattfrei thereof, for the purposes aforesaid
i) Hd not other 5 and the said road shall be. and remain a pub-
lic highway for the use of the Government of the United
Spates, free from tolls or other charge upon the ti asporta-
tion 6f any property, troops, or mails of the United States.
Sec. 3. Jtnil be'U further enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to said State shall be disposed of only in the fol-
lowing manner, that is to say: when the said Governor
shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior that any ten
consecutive" miles of said road have been completed under
the provisions of this aet, and in accordance with the fourth
section of this act, stating definitely where said completed
section of road commences and where it terminates, it shul I ■
b'e the duty of the said' Secretary to cause patents to issue
to said State for three sections of land for each mile ot road
thus completed as-aforesaid, and so on until the whole of
said road is completed : Provided further, That no patents
Shall be given forany of the aforesaid lands betoie the com-
pletion of ten consecutive miles of road, or for any road,
or lor any part of any road made before tiie passage of this
act, or tbr any greater quantity than thirty sections lor each
ten miles completed according to the provisions of this act;
and if s-aid road is not completed within fiveyears no iur-
tlier sales shall be made, and the lands unsold shall revert
to the United States.
Sec. 4. Jindbe it further enacted, That said military road
shall be constructed under the direction or' such agents or
eojnmHsioners as the Governor of said State may appoint,
and where it passes through timbered lands shall be chopped
out a uniform width of at least six rods. The road-bed
proper to bw not less tbau tluriy-two feet wide, and eorr-
s'rueted with ample ditches on both sides, so as to afford
sufficient diains, with good and substantial bridges and
proper culverts and hluices where neco.^sajy. All stump*
and roots to be thoroughly grubbed out between the ditches
the entire length of said'road; tlie central portion of which
to be sufficiently raised to afford a dry road-bed by means
of drainage troin the center t<  the side ditches; the hills
lo be leveled and valley* raised so as to make as easy a
grade as practicable.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 certainly cannot he charged
with being illibeial to the western States; but I
think this is going a little further than we have ever
gone before. It is a proposition to grantlands for
the construction of ordinary highways in the State
of Wisconsin. I believe something like that was
done in one case. Those who were advocating
a grant of land for a somewhat similar purpose
to the State of Michigan came to me and said
there were peculiar ciicumstances connected with
the construction of that road; that it was abso-
lutely important for military purposes that we
should open a road to Lake Superior in the win-
ter time when the mail cannot be carried there,
and there was no chance of granting aid for the
•unking of that road except by a grant of lands,
and in that way a road would be obtained be-
tween Chicago arid the tipper settlements on Lake
Superior. 1 thought the circumstances were pe-
culiar; und I vulei, the bill introduced by the
Senator fiom Michigan. Now, it is proposed to
grant lands for the construction of an ordinary
highway through one ol the new States. It seems
to me it is carrying the joke a little too far. I
would rather at once vote to grant all the lands
within the organized States to the States, and be
done with them.
There is one peculiar feature in this grant which
Senators may not have noticed. If the lands have
been heretofore granted, or have been sold or are
occupied by preemptors, so that the country is
rich enough to make its own roads, as we did in
Ohio, then instead of taking the land that is thus
settled by preemptors, land may be taken thiee
miles further off by the State of Wisconsin to aid
in making the road. We give the land to the
rcemptors under the homestead law, and then
y this bill we give the alternate sections of land
within six miles to make a road for them. It
seems to me that iscarrying the operation ot these
grants further than ever has been done before.
In all the grants to railroad companies we have
reserved the alternate sections and doubled the
piiee, and in that way we have recovered for the
benetit of the Government some portion of the
•value of,the lands. But this bill does not propose
to do that; it leaves the alternate sections open to
puichase at $1 25 an acre, and open for entry
under the homestead act.
c
Since we passed the homestead law, a wise
law', I think we ought not to have granted any
public lands either to States or to railroad com-
panies. We ought to have rested upon the sys-
tem that no laml should be set apart forany pur-
pose except for actual settlement. I have been
enough in the new States, and I have been familiar
with the brganization of the new States, to know
that all sales of land to corporations, to States,
and to' individuals, except for actual settlement,
are a great injury to the new States. If I had it
in my power I would not sell any public land
for any purpose but actual settlement. I would
allow it to be preempted by actual settlers and
saved for actual occupation. Every other sale of
the public lands is a detriment to the nation and
is a detriment to the neighborhood in which the
land lies.
It seems to me that unless the Senator from
Wisconsin can show that there i3 some absolute
military necessity for the construction of this
road, we ought not to carry the grants of lands
any further and apply them to the construction
of ordinary wagon roads.
Mr. HARLAN. Before the Senator from Ohio
takes his seat, I ask liitn to refer again to that part
of the bill which he considers peculiar or new in
its character.
Mr. SHERMAN. In case land within three
miles on either side has been sold, or is occupied
by preemptors, this bill allows the State to go
outside of the limit of three miles on either side
to take public land.
Mr. HARLAN. But within the limit of six
miles. =
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, suppose that all the
land along the river Wisconsin—because this
road, I believe, is'to be built near the banks of
the river—is preempted,as it probably is by pre-
emptors, und settlements have sprung up there.
It seems to me that these pieemptors, settlers,
having received from the United States theirland
free of cost, ought at least to build their own
roads, build their own school-houses, make their
own improvements, and not call upon us to ap-
propriate land to make improvements for them.
After a while they will want land to build their
school-houses, and to build their barns, &c.
Mr. HARLAN. I will make this suggestion
in relation to this point: immense amounts of
land warrants have been located ill the western
country by gentlemen living East; a very large
number of the inhabitants of Ohio have located
land warrants in Iowa, and do not now occupy
lands. I do not doubt this is trite on the line of
this road. Those land-owners living abroad of
course will not invest their money in the con-
struction of the road; and if the idea suggested
by the Senator from Ohio should be carried out,
it would prevent the openingup of the wilderness
part of the country, as it is hoped will be done
by the passage of this bill. If the land shall have
been thus taken up by non-residents, the State
r ay go beyond the location of thoselands, where
there are vacant lands within the limit of six miles,
and take an equal quantity, and the amount is
only to be applied as the road proceeds. They
will not be able to go in advance of the construc-
tion of the road to secure lands, but as the road
progresses they take the vacant lands within six
in lies on each side, and thus proceed until the
whole load shall be completed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any difficulty in
the local authorities and State authorities laying
taxes for road purposes' i know the non-resi-
dents, complained of so much in the new States
generally, have to pay three or four times as much
taxes ni proportion to the value of their lands as
residents, some way or other.
Mr. HARLAN. The constitution of Iowa,
and I suppose of Wisconsin, provides that the
lands of non-residents shall not be taxed higher
than those of residents.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the provision in all
the new States, but in some way or other they do
always assess the land of non-residents higher
than lhat of residents, and they ought to do so.
My impiession is that a non-resident owner of
land, who does not occupy it, does not go on it,
ought to be discriminated against by legislation,
and I would give the new States that power.
Mr. DOOLITTL'E. TiieSenatorfiomOhiolias
not looked on the map to see where this road is lo-
cated; and probably he is not very familiar with
Wisconsin. It begins atapoint called Wausaw,
which is away up on the Wisconsin river, and
goes through from there to Lake Superior^ It is
comparatively an entirely uninhabited region of
country; it is a.region of timber, and a region
which has never yet been surveyed by the Gov-
ernment, a good portion of it, and it will not be
surveyed orever broughtinto market unless there
is a road opened up through there; and it is for
the purpose of opening up that road that we nave
asked the grant ofthese lands.
Now, let me say to Senators who are not fa-
miliar with the bills which have been passed at
the present session, that the other day there was
one passed to aid the State of Michigan to build
two just such roads through the timber wilderness
region ofMichigan, one on the right-hand side and
the other on the left-hand side, nearly twice the
distance of ihis road. It would be strange in-
deed, if, having granted land to Michigan to aid
roads through her wilderness region, we should
not do the same thing for Wisconsin. TheUni-
ted States is the great landholder in that section.
It now holds in our State millions of acres of un-
surveyed lands. This road runs right through
that region, and helps to develop it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 said a word or two the
other day on the subject of the public lands by
way of comment on a bill then pending which I did
not fully understand, which made a grant of lands
for several hundred miles of road. I felt that l
ought to apologize, and I did apologize to the
Senate, being an eastern man, for saying a word
on such a subject. It seems the matter is extend-
ing a little. First, we made grants for railroads.
The policy of the country was settled on that sub-
ject, and it has been very well followed up, to
grant everything that was required in the shape
of aid for railroads. We have had a considerable
number of such bills during this session. 1 have
not a word to say about them. I presume them
to be all,right.
It seems we begin a new system, and are to
grant the public domain for the purpose of mak-
ing ordinary roads. It is done I believe by call-
ing them " military roads." I do not know what
military purpose is to be subserved by a road
from Wausaw to Lake Superior. Will my friend
i fiom Iowa explain to me what the military pur-
1 pose is of a road from Wausaw to Lake Superior
Mr. HARLAN. To enable troops and mum-'
j tions of war to be transported through that wil-
derness to our fortifications.
Mr. FESSEND-EN. Is there no other way to
get there ?
Mr. HARLAN. I understand there is no other
way to get there but by the lake, and in winter
time when the lake is frozen up there is no possi-
ble way of reaching them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it to reach any par-
ticular military post?
Mr. HARLAN. I understand so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What one?
Mr. HARLAN. Some fortifications on the
Straits, as 1 understand. The Senators from that
State are more familiar with the locality.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. I do not rise here for the
purpose of opposing the bill; I should not think
of doing such a thing; and I am astonished at the
rashness of my friend, the Senator from Ohio, who
suggested, in the mildest tones in the world that
coufd possibly be used, some doubt or perhaps
even an inquiry. 1 am rather in favor of it for
this simple reason: we need a military road down
in Maine very much; we are there right on the
frontier, and we have been exposed to considera-
ble danger already, and it is very- difficult to get
from the central parts of our State to the frontier,
and we want a military road.
Mr. HARLAN. I will most cheerfully vote
for an appropriation of public lands within the
State of Maine for the construction ot such a toad.
Mr. FESSEN.DEN. Exactly. I was about
to ask, if it is for military purposes, what would
be the impropriety of granting us some lands out
West ?
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire of" the Sena-
tor from Maine if he does not tiunk the §450,000
we appropriated yesterday for fortifications m
Maine would be a fair offset?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is on the coast. Itis
very true that appropriation was made; but I am®
not talking about the State of Maine particulaily,
but about military, defenses. I go for fortifications;
