1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
I go for military roads; and if this is shown to
trio to be for military purposes, for the defense of
the country, I have no objection, and I stated I
did not rise to oppose it in any shape or form, i
only wanted to say that we needed a military
road down in Maine very much, and we had no
public lands, and to suggest to my friend from
Iowa that perhaps he would be willing, as chair-
man of the Committee on PuWic Lands, to bring
us in a bill granting us sonyjftaids out West for
that purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator inform me
whether the Government did not at the national
expense build a national road from Bangor to the
frontier some years ago?
Mr. FESSEND&N. I believe they did a long
while ago, and it has been very useful; but there
is no military postin that region now. We want
t4se road in another direction.
Mr. HOWE. Would it not be satisfactory to
them if we would change the direction of the fish-
ing bounties and apply them to building the road r
[Laugh ter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is another question
altogether. [Laughter.] We settled that the other
day, and very decidedly.
Now, I want to suggest that by and by we shall
come here—and really I am serious about it, be-
cause it has been contemplated and I have been
urged to move in the matter, but I have been so
pressed with other business that 1 have not been
able to attend to it—to ask an appropriation of
public lands to aid in constructingami-litary road
in Maine. We are right on the border, as gen-
tlemen know, liable to attack, and something of
that sort is necessary. With regard to open-
ing roads, we have lands there of our own, and
our mode is if they want roads to have the county
jay out the road and assess the expense of build-
ing it upon the owners of land.
1 do not wish my friend from Iowa or my
friend from Wisconsin to misunderstand me. I
do not mean to oppose this bill; I only wish to
give notice that I shall appeal to the well-known
generosity of my friend from Iowa,,particularly
in reference to these things, for I think we have
a cargo of bills from his committee granting lands
for ail purposes, that he shall extend thesp grants
for military purposes to some other scction of the
country by and by when the time comes. Our
military stations are quite as definite as they are
on Lake Superior. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARLA.N. Perhaps I ought to state as
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands that
no bills have been reported from that committee
at this session making appropriations of land that
tire not m strict accordancc with the principles
that have been adopted by Congress heretofore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It becomes the
duty of the Chair to arrest the debate and call up
the special order, which is the bill (H. R. No. 51)
to establish a Bureau of Freed men's Affairs, the
pending question being on the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr.Saulsbury,] upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator hav-
ing charge of that bill will allow us to vote on this
Question. We can do so without further discus-
sion .
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly willing that
the special order shall be passed over informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection. The special order will be
passed, over informally.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know how
'touch Wisconsin has got of the public lands by
legislation during the present session; and besides
t'hfe amount of public lands which she may have
received, if I rccoliect arightshe received a pretty
large amount of public moneys the other day from
the Treasury, to which she said she was entitled.
It is difficult 1 know for the honorable member
from Wisconsin to give a precise answer as to the
number of acres of public lands that she has got,
because the grants have been made of sections of
lands on either side of the roads that are to be
made, and if I understand the legislation they are
long roads, just as long as they think proper to
make them, and with as many branches as they
think proper to construct, and they get upon the
main stem so to speak of their roads and upon all
the collateral branches sections of land; it may
amount to hundreds of thousands, it may be mil-
lions of acres. I rather think that if the legisla-
tion whicli is now proposed shall pass, that, with
the legislation which has already occurred, if
Wisconsin is as diligent in carrying out this legis-
lation as her Senators upon this floor have been
diligent in getting the legislation passed, it will ab-
sorb nearly all the public land in the State of Wis-
consin. What is true of Wisconsin is true in a
great measure of the other States in whigh public
lands* are. If therefore the honorable member
from Maine contemplates getting an appropriation
from those lands for the purpose of constructing
a military road in Maine, I would advise him to
get it at once.
Mr. CONNESS. My friend will allow me to
make a suggestion. I believe (I should like to
have the information for our benefit from the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands) that the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany is chartered by the State of Maine, and that
we are about to pass a bill giving that company
some fifty million acres. Surely that would be
a military road connecting the State of Maine with
the Pacific ocean. I do not see but that Maine
is going to take away the largest portions of land
of any State of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable memberdid
not understand me as saying that the State of
Maine was suffering very much for want of ap-
propriations.
Mr. CONNESS. No. It does not appear that
she is.
Mr. JOHNSON. But as the hpno^able mem-
ber from Maine contemplated, as he said, getting
an appropriation of public lands for the purpose
of making a military road in Maine, I advised
him that he had better begin at once or he would
be too late, the lands will all be gone. And .what
is true of the State of* Maine, (for she will not
have as much before we adjourn as she is entitled
to,) is true of the other States upon the Atlantic.
Maryland has none, Pennsylvania has none,and
the other States north of Pennsylvania have none
that I know of except it be Maine; and yet these
lands belong to the whole. All the States to which
I have just adverted have been liberal, and the
legislation of Congress has been liberal enough
to the new States. We were willing to give to
these new States all the land that was necessary
to improve the States, when the effect was to im-
prove the value of what was left; but as far as
that ground of legislation is concerned we shall j
not be able to stand upon it in the future when
we are not able to stand upon it in relation to the
present legislation,because there wiil be nothing
left. We cannot say that we give to Wisconsin
a million of acres alongside of these contemplated
roads because to do so will add to the value of a
million that we have on either side of the roads,
because we shall have none on either side of the
roads; it will all belong to the State of Wisconsin.
If the policy of the Government, as it would seem
to be, is that all these lands are to be appropriated
for the benefit exclusively of the States where
they lie, let us give all the lands to the States at
once to deal with just as they think proper. But
before that policy "is adopted it is well for the pub-
lie councils to reflect upon the financial condition
in which the country now is and is certain to be
in the end. The debt will be an enormous one;
and with the emigration that is flowing in upon
us, and' with the natural increase of population in
these great western States, enterprising, success-
ful, prosperous now, and yet to be prosperous
from hour to hour, they wiil be able to pay a
pretty considerable piice for these lands to go
into the public Treasury to meet the public debt.
That debt may be $2,000,000,000 before we are
done, and perhaps more*, arid if the whole of it is
to be met by taxation, although I have no doubt
we shall be able to meet it, it will require an effort
and a patriotic effort to meet it; whereas, if we
have these public lands under our control we can
sell them, benefiting us by the sale, and benefiting
the purchaser just as much as he should be bene-
fited.
Mr. HOWE. Will the honorable Senator al-
low me to make a suggestion?
Mr. JOHNSON. I have said all 1 propose to
say. .
Mr. HOWE. IftheSenator will juststepand
look at the map which my colleague has, and see
the isolated community that this road is intended
to accommodate, arid ifthen, consideiing the large
tract of country which the United States own,
unsettled, untraversed byarry "track bet^en^h^i
settlement-on the l^fte and the settlement in
State of ;Wiscoosin,/he>jfiinks thatl Uie^UVijt^t
States cannot afford to give1 this,qUa£tity' of lai ,
to open a highway up there tb~ thes^ pfcopIeuHe
will hot give it; that is all. h is-hot for tig.
State. ,lt is an American community viliat.Uas
gone up by the lakes a'nd settled bp bd«&rs.
of the lakc&; they' .have a good high Way/iU..Uie
summer time,'bm in the winter "t^cy.aVe ispfaM
from the whole world, and you own"all th e l ab ets
between them and the nbarestseulemeni m Wis-
consin. The cxact.distance, I do 'nbt rcteoYlectj
the map will show at a single gJanfte just wkat is
asked
Mr. JOHNSON. .That is not tiie "fault o^ ttjo
United States. How long has this population
been there in this isolated cdn^Ufan? * ,' ;
Mr. HOWE.' ISver since they iyerit thgrei \
Mr. JOHNSON. Of coufse. But how long
is that? ' '
Mr. HOWE. I am utterly, unable to answer
that question. In point of fact they did not all
go at the same moment of tim'e, nor on the sande
steamer, nor in the same year. ,
Mr. JOHNSON. I know. ,1 will put jmy .
question in a different way. Etow lon'g hastHere
been a population there sufficiently ljrgfe, tb j-ef
quire thai the Government should make roails
for them—this isolated population^
Mr. HO WE. It has been constantly increa&
in£ for thn last ten or twelve years. ,, .,' .
Mr. JOHNSON.'' They gofe along tejrf years
Sffo pretty, welt. But it strikes me that that is a
new ground upon which to askagift of the pub-
lic lands. These emigrants went there and they
settled on the lands, and bought them, and paid
for them; they knew what they were, about, and
they got more than dollar for dollar in exchange. ■
After they got there and got lands that were
woith a great deal more than they paid for them,
they say, or their representatives say for them,
".Now give us millions and, millions of acres of
land to enable us to make roads over which we
may travel from one end of the. State to the
other." i am speaking of it now as a mere ques-
tion of justice. There are considerations of pol-
icy, I admit, that are to govern us. They are "ft
people whom we are bound to provide for it)
every way, if we can do it with justice to all the
other people; but if they have gone .there impru,-
dently when they could have, settled this aide of
the point where they now stand isolated, it is
their fault, and not ours.
But all that [ meant to say was, that we ought
to come to some decided policy on the question,
" What shall we do with the public lands?" If
they are all to be given away in the name of in-
ternal improvements, I am for giving them away
at once; and the only objection I have to giving
them away for the purpose for which this bill
proposes, to have a share of them appropriated
or for giving them away at once in the gross, is
tho existing public debt, now very large, and-to
be still larger before we are through.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question is asked
how much lands the State of Wisconsin.has al-
ready received. I graritthat she has received very
handsome donations from the General Govenir
ment, but I do not think tliat should defeat this
grant. The Committee on Public Lands has
adopted a very libetal policy at this session, and
I believe it has at former sessions of the Senate,
and I think that policy in respect to the north-
western States can be well, vindicated.
The Senator from Maryland will observe that
the State of Wisconsin is a very large State; that
much of its territory is in a northern and rigorous
latitude; that it is covered with heavy timber. It
is a hard country to open, a very hard country to
make roads through, and it is asking but little of
the General Government, inasmuch as she is the
owner of a large domain there, thatshe shall help
the enterprising men who go out into this new
country, which is very hard to open indeed, in
making the improvements that are necessary for
the enjoyment of these lands. And, sir, it cannot
well fie asked by the General Government how-
much the State has received. When all the lands
of Wisconsin that are granted and all the lands
are bought that will be bought by the citizen, the
account will be largely in favor of the citizen and
against tho Government. Has the Senator taken
tho trouble to estimate the cost to the General
