1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
I desire to add the words "or by some other
person'having an interest." I do not think it
very likely Lhat parties will go into court and
osk that the franchises of one of these corpora-
tions shall he forfeited unless he has some good
reason for it; and! suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that the reports required to be made by the
banks under this law are certainly very inadequate
to enable the community to understand the con-
dition of the banks.
I do not know to what extent banks may be
incorporated under this bill. The Senate will rec-
ollect that it is not only banks of circulation that
may be incorporated. Every savings bank, ev-
ery bank doing a business by paying and selling
billsof exchange and receiving money on deposit,
may commence business under the provisions of
tins bill, in fact, every savings bank and every
insurance company throughoutthiscountry may
be organized under the provisions of this bill. In
my State insurance companies are permitted to do
a banking business such as is described in this
bill. They receive money on deposit, loan money
interest, and sometimes discount bills. Why
cannot they be incorporated under this bill? it
is not absolutely essential that they shall issue
paper; but ail the banking capital of this country
may oe incorporated under this bill. It is tme
that not over $300,000,000 may be issued as a cir-
culation} but all the banking capital of the Uni-
ted States may be incorporated und# this bill.
It will put beyond any surveillance or control of
the States an immense amount of capital; and I
think we ought to be a little careful and guarded
in the adoption of any measure whatever that
shall put this immense amount of capital beyond
our control. So far as the reports of these banks
are concerned, 1 do not look upon them us amount-
ing to anything at all.
I might instance many other violations of their
franchises by these banks that might take place,
and by which the community might be greatly
outraged and wronged; and when was it that cap-
ital ever tailed to inflict those wrongs on a com-
munity when it could ? Ithaaalwaysbeen done,
and I suppose always will be. 1 think we ought
to guard this measure so thatany one in tho com-
munity in which these banks are incorporated
may, at any time upon a violation of the provis-
ions of their charter, go into court and ask that
their privileges be forfeited. 1 think it is noth- ;
in^r but a reasonable provision. 1 am perfectly
■willing, if the Senator from Ohio desires it, that
the party who comes into court and asks that
the privileges of the bank be forfeited, if he fails
to prosecute his suitsuccessfully, shall be required
to pay the costs. 1 think it is nothing but proper
that ho should do so. That would be the case
without a provision to that effect. That will be
a sufficient restraintupon individuals. They will
not be likely to go into the courts of the United
States and ask for the forfeiture of the charter of
a bank unless they have a case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do think this is captious
—1 wtil withdraw that, as it may bo considered an
unpleasant word—hut i do think that this is not a
time to make small points on a bill of this kind.
It scums to me this amendment would not have
been offered if the Senator had read the four or
five preceding sections 
Mr. HENDERSON. I have read them very
carefully.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the banks commit any
violation whatever of the provisions of this act,
they forfeit their charters. The fifty-second sec-
tion of the bill provides:
That ail transfei of the nntrs, bonds, bills of exchange,
and other evidences of debt owing lo any association, oi of
deposits to Us credit; all assignments at moitgagcs, sure-
tics on real estate, or of judgments or decides tn it^ favor;
all deposits of money, bullion, or oilier valuable thing tor
Its iiJ-e, or for the ot any of it* sh.treholdera or ei odi toi« 5 1
and all payments of money to cither, made after the corn- >
mission ot an net of insolvency, or in contemplation thereof, 1
with a view 10 prevent the application of its assets in 1 in; 1
manner prescribed by this act, or with a view to the pref- ,
ereuce ot one creditor to another except in payment of its '
circulating notes, shall be utterly null and void. ' 1
Then the next section, which is the one under !.
consideration,goKS on to provide that if they shall j'
do anything inconsistent with the provisions of
this act it shall be the duty of the Comptroller il
of the Currency to commence a suit to set aside !;
their franchise. It declares that the"effect of any |j
violation of the act shall be to forfeit their entire !■
franchise and nil their property, and requires the ;!
Comptroller to appoint a receiver, seize upon their
assets, and commence a suit to ascertain whether
the act of bankruptcy has been committed. To
subject these banks to suits by everybody who is
disposed to annoy them I think would be an at-
tack upon the system that would be entirely un-
justifiable. It is made the official duty of the
Comptroller to commence these suits, and that is
all that ought to be asked. I think, therefore,
that the amendment of the committee which was
intended to guard the public very carefully should
be allowed to stand.
I might show that this proposed amendment
was an absurd proposition. There might be fifty
or one hundred suits pendingundcr it at the same
time in different tribunals. The judgmentof those
tribunals might be diveise. Some mi^ht direct
the appointment of a receiver; some might not.
Some might declare that the act of bankruptcy
was excusable; some that their? was no act of
bankruptcy; some that an act of bankruptcy had
occurred. They may select difterentchaiges,dif-
ferent accusations. There must be some one
whose duty it shall be to commence this suit. It
seems to me, therefore, a proposition of this kind
ought not to receive the assent of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion upon the amendment to the amendment as
amended, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I shall not call for a di-
vision upon it now, but I give notice that I shall
offer it in the Senate.
The amendment of the committee as amended
was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Ohio if
he will not allow this bill to go over until Monday
at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are no other import-
ant amendments, I think, and we may as well
read the bill through to-day, and then I shall lutVe
no objection.
The next amendment was in section fifty-nine,
line twenty-two, after the word "and" to strike
out the words "to be."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sixty-one,
line seventeen, after the word "thud" to strike
out the wordu " to suggest."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sixty-one,
line twenty-one, after the word kt fourth" to strike
out the words 44 to report."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next and last amendment of the commit-
tee was in section sixty-four, line two, to strike
out the wouls u reserves the right" and insert
the word " may;" and after the word "time"
to strike out the word " to;" so that the section
will read:
That Congress may at any time amend, alter, or repeal
this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now renew my mo-
tion to proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. WILSON. I hope not. We can have
an executive session in a few minutes; but 1 de-
sire to have action now on two or three important
things that I think we ought to act upon. There
is a conference report and a small bill which I
want passed. I move that this hill he postponed
until Monday next.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it lie over informally,
because 1 wish it to remain as the unfinished
business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
titor from Kansas withdraw Ins motion?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir. I desire to
have iin executive session.
Mr. WILSON. -Wo can get an executive ses-
sion in a few moments.
Mr. LANE.ofKansns. I insist oil my motion,
to test the sense of the Senate.
Mr. COWAN called for tho yeas and nayfj;
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony answered to his name.
Mr. LANE, of Kan sas. As my object is
likely to be defeated by the call of the yeas and
nays, I will, with the consent of the Senate, with-
draw the motion.
The PRESIDENT protempore. Ifccan be with-
drawn only by the unanimous consent of the
Senate, the call of the roll having commenced.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the call will proceed.
The Secretary concluded the calling of the roll.
Mr. FOOT. There is no quorum and no prob-
ability of securing the attendance of a quorum,
and I therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FOSTER. There has been no announce-
ment of the vote showing that there is no quorum.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will inquire, if such is
the result of the vote, is it not proper that that
result be announced? Otherwise, if we adjourn
now, the call will begin when we meet again
where we leave off to-day.
The PRESIDENT pio tempore. It should be
announced undoubtedly, and the motion to ad-
journ is not in order until it is announced.
The result was then announced—yeas 18, nays
17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Collamer, Cowan, Davis,
Doohttle, Foot, Grimes, l-larding, Henderson, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Powell, Itiddle, Sheiman,
Van YVinklP, Wilkinson, and Willey—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anlhony, Cailile, Chandler, Clark, Coti-
ties?, i'obter, Hale, Uailan, Hendricks, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Moiull, Uain.scy, fcipmgue, Sumner, and Wilson
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. ANTHONY. What does the vote lack
of a quorum ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the question on the
motion of the Senator from California.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlpril 30, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rov. F. H. Hedge, D. D., of Brookline,Mas-
sachusetts.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LUCIiETIA M. PEIUiY.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Lucretia M.
Perry, widow of Thomas Perry, United States
Navy; which was read a firstandsecond time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PRINTING Off EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
report from the Committee on Commerce two
important communications from the State and
Treasury Departments relating to our foreign
commercial u-lations, which I ask to have primed
and recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
There being no objection, the communications
were recommitted and ordered to be printed.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. S TEVENS, from the select committee on
the Pacific railroad, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a bill to amend the act chartering the Union
Pacific Railroad Company; which was read a
first and second time, lecommitted to the commit-
tee, and ordered to be printed.
1V1 r. STEVENS. I ask the consent of the
House for leave to report the bill back at any
time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that the Unionor People's
Pacific railroad ?
Mr. STEVENS. The Union Pacific railroad.
There being no objection, leave was accord-
ingly granted.
CHARGES AGAINST TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution:
Whereas in the House of Representatives, on the 23d in-
btaut, Hon. Francis P. I5lair,ji., made the following dec-
larations, as repotted in the Globe:
k<Mr. Blair, of Missouri, (resuming.) Now I propose
to show that the Secrctaiy of the Treasmy, with all the
commerce of tlie couutry in his hands, with the collection
of our foreign revenues an<  of the vast internal revenues
in his hands, is using these abandoned plantations and
gracing at all power and pationape lor the purpose of pro-
viding a fund tocairy on his war against the Adinmistiauon
which pave him place."' *****
" Nobody is simple enough to believe that the distin-
guished Secretary has really ictired from the canvass tor
the nomination lor tho Presidency, although he has-written
