1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
force for three years the laiger majority of these men re-
enhstedjso that they were, in reality, in the volunteer ser-
vice, as necessity, and changed position with a partial
knowledge of their duties chiefly acquired.
There is another class of troops in this State which de-
serves to be remembered by their Government, and that is
the Missouii State imlitm. Youi own connection with that
organization as colonel of the eighth regiment renders it un-
necessary to more than allude to the important services they
have rendered. Side by side with volunteers they have
fought over nearly evciy foot of ground between the Mis-
aouriilverandthe Boston mountains. AtNewtonia, Prairie
Giove, Springfield, Marshall,and numerous fields of lesser
note, tliey have sealed their devotion with their blood, and
Should reccive the Government's favorable consideration.
Volunteers, under another name, they arc debarred from
receiving pensions, bounties, or even aims of a suitable
character underexisting lawsand order*. The great wrong
that is done to the widows and oiphansof those who have
died or been killed in the service has been brought to my
notice very foicibty mhoc the winter has set in by their
appeals to me and "to the charitable woild for bread. En-
tering the service for the protection of Missouri, they have
never hesitated. They have even been anxious to heled to
other fields if an enemy was to be found. In proof of this
your own gallant legiment, with the third, fouith, seventh,
and fouiteenth led the advance of the aunyot the nontier
iiito Boston mountains in the autumn ot 18(52. The sixth
has been for lour mouths, and is now in part,at Forthwith.
A detachment of the (ouith has been m Now Mexico for
four mouths. Atkansas has been a favorite Held for their
operations. I could refer von to numerous instances of like
character, but you fully comprehend the value of their ser-
vices, and I hope, my dear colonel, that betoie long laws
giving their families and the disabled soldier the f-atno re-
wards as are paid to volunteers, as a meed justly due to
brave men, will be passed. The Legislature of this State
Will memorialize (Jongie&s to pass Mich a law, and I am
sure that it will icceive from the Missouri delegation in
the House and our Senators a cordial suppoit as an act of
justlcc to the deserving.
I am, veiy truly, your obedient servant,
• E. B. BROWN,
Brigadier General Volunteers.
Colonel J. W. McOluro, washington.
After this voluntary tribute of respect and testi-
mony to thegallantry of these brave men, so beau-
tifully, and indeed feelingly, expressed by ihe
general who witnessed their conduct m the field,
and commanded them, it would detract fiom the
beauty of that letter wore J to say another word
in defense of that regiment or of myself. I will
theiefore add, on this point, only that the regi-
ments spoken of in that lettet were all inspected
by the inspector general when in the army of the
Frontier, in October, the eighth, third, fomth,
seventh, and fourteenth; and that ma short time
thoteafter the fourteen regimenty weie consoli-
dated wo as to reduce the number to ten. The
third was broken up and distributed amon^ the
Other regiments, though 1 say it not m d/xpainge-
ment of that regiment or its oilieers. But a son
of the colleague who has used the infamous lan-
guage was the colonel of the third; but he was a
gentleman and a good ollie< r. The eighth was
not broken up, but is yet m the service; and if
the colleague ftom the sixth district, [Mr. Km.,]
venerable as he is from Ins gray Iwuis, were now
a pi ivate in that legunent, lie would be occupy mg
a more enviable position than ho would if lie wi ic
present.
But a returning feeling of compassion reminds
us that for some years there has been derange-
ment on the subject of "State lines." Let us,
therefore, go back about fifteen years, to the ses-
sion of the Missouri Legisiatme, 1H-18—tl>, and
glance our eyes at the famous J aekson resolutions,
which passed both blanches of ihe General As-
sembly. i will read the fourth, fifth, and sixth
of those resolutions:
" 4. The right to piohibil tdaverv in any Terutoi v belong-*
exclusively to the people thereof, andean only be exoieised
bv them In forming then constitution for a State govern-
ment, or in their Mweieign capacity ns an independent
State.
lC 5 That, in the event of the passage of an act ot t-ongie^s
conflicting with the principles heicui expies.sed, Ml-^ouu
will lie found in hcaily cooperation with the slaveholditig
States, in su'.'ii mea>!ne- as may be deemed n"eee*5>iy inr
our mutual piotection against tlie encioaehments ot nnitb-
C!n fanaticism.
iC G. That our Konatois in (.Congress be ui ^ti ueted,and om
Rcpiescntatives be, ieque->tui, to act ni cotifoinnt) to the
foiegomg re-oiutioiih.5>
We)!, it may be asked, what is there to connect
mv colleague with those resolutions? lie was
thvn Governor, and officially and even ostenta-
tiously approved them; but lie was under no
official obligation to even pass upon mere resolu-
tions of insti ivtions to Congte.ssmen. But de-
lirium negio had taken place, and the gentleman
i magi tied tin3 " Slate-line'5 doctrine would bo pop-
ular, arid he did not want to bo caught on the wrong
aide. However, when Colour! Benton, the Sen-
ator of thirty years, came Hack to the State and
gave evidence that he would probably combine a
majority of the people against those resolutions,
my colleagueingloriously repudiated his approval
of them*, deserted the friends with whom he had
acted in getting them through the Legislature by
a vote of about two to one; hitched himself on to
Colonel Benton's coat-tail, who dragged him back
on to the north side of the " line," and as long
as he lived my venerable colleague " was in the
habit of sneezing when that Senator took snuff."
That commanding old Roman could not live al-
ways, however. We therefore find my colleague
in 1861 assuming a prominent position in his
circular for a seat in the Missouri State conven-
tion, from which I will simply read such sentences
from near the commencement and conclusion as
will furnish in themselves, without comment, the
reasons why he was not elected. His language
is as follows:
" That we have suffered wrongs there is none among us
to dispute; wrongs which have biought us finally to face
the dieadtul reality ol'a revolution in our midst; a revolu-
tion, the real cause and ground of which we can trace to
the fanatical growth of northern abolitionism, and which
hap ultimately grown into strength and dimensions, so much
so as pt-tly to arouse the southern mind. None of us
doubt hut tite eouisc of those noithem abolitionists is dic-
tated by a morbid sympathy for the slave, as well as hostil-
ity to the system of doinotie slavery as u exiM>, and that
it has been m direct conflict with our eon.stitutionai lights,
a* well as the perpetuity of the Union." * * * *
u It the people, now torn asunder by interna! dissensions, by
ihe conflict ot sectional passions, and who might have been
envied among the nations ot the earth for their gieatness,
no less than their happiness, should now be deteimined to
oaM from us all the biddings-, ot 1'iovideuee, and to bring
down upon oursolve* dishonor and rum by our own fialri-
cidal violcitec, then in God's* name, for the .sake of Chris-
tianity, for the remembtance that we are memheis of the
same' political family, ehddieu ot confederated paients
who stood side by Mde jn the smuggles of the Revolution,
let us pat t m peace."
Wo will bear in mind his words, that " north-
ern abolitionism" is the " real cause of the revo-
lution." Colonel Benton was notpresentto com-
mand the t-vi 1 spun to come out of him, and a
maniac he waudeied m seaich o! the ii line" and
again got on the south «ido of it. But he con-
tinued to wunder,and wheic do we m-xtlind him?
lie partially reeoveied, and became a candidate
for Ihe seat he lately occupied, i rend from the
sworn statements of others the following:
uThe Mippoit ol Uovernot King seemed to pioeeed
mainly hum what was tenned the ladtcal paifj."
Another says, under oath:
lL I heard the eleerumeeting speech of Austin A. Kins at
ihe October leitn, l*6'2, ot the cnemt eoint ot Clinton
eomitv. His viewh in i elation to I he settlement of out pre*,
ent ditiieulties were of a unheal elnu.ieter, being oppc^ed
to all i-onijiuntiisc until the i< hrl.s laid down then aims."
Anothii says, under oath:
" Tlie Mippoi t ol («ovei n<u King .seemed to be almost ex-
elusiveiv b\ the ladieals, nieluding the nevvl) organized
militia
Another says, under oath:
" lie [Mi. Kim,'] st ;Ued to me with gfeat « anuMness that
a-en tlie I n m pal In 7a chad no more rights than a slave; that
the> had no Vtnl it lo rote; I hat thev weie rebels, and ii they
dufvote they would peijme themselves."
Where was he standing in that canvass? On
the north side of the " line;" back again. That
was in the fall of 1862. One year thereafter we
had auothei election—one for supreme judges—
and thecanva&s was an excit ing political one. Let
us see on what side of the " hue" the gentleman
from the sixth district was then found. 1 quote
from statements sworn to the following:
"in iu- f .Mr. Ki tig's.] speech against the ladtcal candidates
tbi judge:-, he vehenientlv tuned 'houiliern i-.vtnpatiuzeis'
to vote, assutmg them ot then pejfect light to do mi, ,md
lhat thej need not apprehend the--lightest danger fiom any
qiMitei.""'
Aga'in, by anothei:
<vHcwaimh urged the people—.ympathizersainl all—to
tinn out and snppoit the atiti uidical ticket, ar-Minng them
that the}' had the ugh I to vote ju-t a- evejy one else had,
and that it anv peison lnteifeicd v\ itli them m at)} manner
tin e\eici,~iug that i ight they would he punched loi it • with
.1 vcni^ ance.'
But these sworn statements arc confirmed by a
paper 1 hold in my hand, and from which I will
quote. Like an ancient artist who had painted a
hoi so, but feared the execution was such that it
could not be iccognized and wrote under the pann-
ing " Tiiis is a horse," th<$ authors of this inter-
esting document wrote over it, " To the loyal peo-
ple of Missouri." There is nothing-else about it
by which it could be recognized as "loyal." A
few featmes of this animal will appear m the fol-
lowing extracts:
1 ft is anparent to even reflecting mnid that the ladical
part} of Missoui! is a rrvohinonaiy paify." V'A prominent
characteristic ot the revolutionists is their intolerance, and
in this respect they have outstiipped the secessionists "
"They are not content with the proclamation of tieedom,
the confiscation acts, and the aiming ot biacks to aid in
putting down the rebellion—measures opposed by some men
of undoubted loyalty—but they would seem to demand that
the President shall go btill further, and declare hmiselt in
favor of amalgamation and the elevation ot the blacks to the
standard of white men by extending to them the rights of
suffrage." " Because the President is known to beopposed
to such follies, to u&e no stronger term, he is not deemed
sufficientiyiadiealfortheir purpose." "The State conven-
tion, having adjusted the question of emancipation in a
manner which should afford geneial satisfaction, we repro-
bate the effort which is being made to disturb it."
Under this painting, called "loyal," among
other names, which I shall not now read, because
they have not made an attack, appears the name
of Austin A. King, my colleague from the sixth
district. Is it difficult to tell on what side of the
" line" the gentleman had again placed himself?
So well understood was.it generally that he had
passed to the south side that we find the conserv-
ative, slavery-conserving organ of our State, the
Missouri Republican, favoring his election. To
prove this, I will quote a few sentences from that
public journal of dates 17th and 38th October of
that year, 18G2. It will be recollected that the
elections had just taken place m some of the other
States. I hope it will be perceived what the con-
servatives thought about " revolutions" at that
time. Hear the following language:
" Sufficient returns of the Ftate elections jn Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa, have not been leccived
to enable us to speak intelligibly of the whole jesult."
"Enough, however, is known to determine one fact very
clearly ; and that is, that the radicals have suffered humil-
iating defeats at the hands of the Constitutional Union
party." "Fiom all qunitcrs, i ideed, the indications aie
exceedingly cheering to the opponents of the mischievous
and dangerous taction which has been seeking to usuip the
(Jovemment." "■The destiuctivc abolitionists have been
signally lehuked, and their bold schemes of ttan-d'oiming
the cause ot the lrmou into aciusade a an)f<tcon?titutional
libertv indignantly condemned." "Hallelujah!" k< The
people have engaged in a revolution which is to woik out
their political .-aivation." "No political involution was
evei more Uioiough."' "'revolutions commenced under
such auspices nevei go backward." "All but four of the
fanatical representatives of radical abolitionism have been
driven into ohscuuf} bv the people of Ohio." "Of all the
radicals now in L'ongtess, Ashley is the only man left to
point the tinker of -coi n at! Indiana has al-o clone nobly,
She has left ihtnnand f'oltax at home, and elected a majonty
of Dernociats." "All had to Ohio,Indiana, and Pennsyl-
vania; they ate redeemed from the cause ot abolitionism."
" The i evolution will go onwaid with the foice of an ava-
lanche." "Mis^oun should not be found wanting in the
bom ot trial ; "die -should elect good and ti ue men.'' u Wft
hope to hear that the friends of Govcrnoi King and Mr.
Samuel have made some anangeirient by which the elec-
tion of oncor the othci may be secured."
Mr. Chairman, that slavery-conserving sheet
knew where the wandcnng gentleman would
44 fetch up;'5 that it would be on the south side of
the " line." That there he is to-day his votes in this
Mouse will show—they have gone to the public.
It will be seen that, in his wanderings, his mind
returns to the idea of" parting in peace," as ex-
pressed by him m the winter of J860-G1. in De-
cember he voted for the resolution introduced by
(he gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] "that the President be requested to ap-
point three commissioners to open negotiations
with the authorities at Richmond" for parting on
a "line." This, Mr. Chairman, is one of the gen-
tlemen who arrogate to themselves the right to
defend the Piesident on this floor before he has
been attacked. There are a number of us who
would like to know whether he has been formal-
ly admitted into the President's body-guard, or
whether he is not an intruder. I for one am
forcibly reminded of the thief's cunning resort to
the cry of " Stop thief," and falling in with the
crowd, to avoid detection. And this is the gentle-
man who had for his aid-de-camp my colleague
from the first district [Air. Blair] on this flootw
when he delivered his speech, and who was com-
plimented by him on the 27th ultimo as the ven-
erable colleague who had adhered closely to Sen-
atorjftcnton. 1 have admitted he did fasten himself
to his coat-tail. And having, in his wanderings,
gotten south of the "line," he is now trying to
pin himself to iVJ r. Lincoln that he may draw him
to the north side. But Mi. Lincoln is upon water
acknowledged to be"deep, and prudence should
diettite ih«t he should dispense with all such dead-
weight.
I will now turn my attention to my colleague
[Mr. Blair] fiom the fiist district, and refer to
the language which appears m his speeches on
" the joint resolution to amend the act to suppress
