1864.
THE OONGRESSIONAL'-'&LOBEi:
a letter declining to be a candidate. That letter was writ-
ten because the 'stuctly private' circular of the l'omeroy
oouiimut'!! unearthed Ins undeigiound and underhand in-
trigue against the President. It was such a disgraceful and
disgusting sight to make u-c of the patronage and power,
given him by the I'ressideM, against his chief, that even
Chase got ashamed to occupy such a position publicly. For
that rea-son his letter was written; he wanted to get down
under the ground and work there in the dark as Jie is now
doing, and running the Pomeroy machinc on the public
monpy a^s vigorously as ever."
And whereas in the World, a journal pubJished in New
Yo  k, on the 28th instant, it is declared that developments
of the most astounding character have just come to light
in the fractional currency and printing bureaus over which
Mr. Clark presides: and whereas lion, James Brooks, a
member of this House, did yesterday if> his place repeat the
substance of the above charges in the words following,
taken at the reporter's desk:
" At an early period of the session I called on the other
side of the Hou-se in this matter of printing public money,
and T gave them an opportunity to correct that great evil,
which j becan^'the} did not correct, has led to the sacrifice
of millions and millions of the public nioimv in the printing
buro.ui of the Tieasurvof the United States* and to the con-
version ol the Treasury Department into a house for orgies
and bacchanals:" Therefore,
Rc-iolucd, That a committee of nine be appointed by the
Speaker of the Hou^e to investigate and report upon the
truth of the allfgajions, above quoted, and of any other al-
legations which have been or may he made, affecting the
integrity of the administration in the Treasury Department;
and that said committee have power to send for persons
and papers, and to employ a stenographer.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that that committee ought to be
as large as the largest committees of the House.
I will suggest, therefore, that the committee con-
sist of nine members, and that they have Jeave
to report at any time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I accept that modification.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not desire to object to the
resolution, but I object to the recitation in the
preamble of my remarks of yesterday as incor-
rect.
Mr. GARFIELD. I beg to say to the gentle-
man that 1 have quoted the gentleman's language
precisely as given by the reporter for the Globe.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the quotation be read
again. I will stand by what I said.
The Clerk read the quotation referred to from
the preamble.
Mr. BROOKS. What I said was in substance
this:
"Mi. Brooks, after the noise had somewhat subsided,
said millions ot public money had been m peril of being
sacrificed m the Bureau ot Printing, awl much evil pro-
duced by the conversion of the Treasury building into a
house of otgles and bacchanals. If the galleries were
cloated, so that language could he uttered notfit for female
ears, iie could show every word he said was true."
I ask the gentleman to conform his preamble
to that statement.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have the exact words of
the gentleman, as given by the official reporter at
the desk; and I cannot change them.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman will give me
an opportunity to say what I have to say upon
that subject, I will be satisfied.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will yield to the gentle-
man for that purpose, if there be no objection.
Mr. BROOKS. May I be permitted, then, to
say what I was deprived of the opportunity of
saying yesterday?
Mr. BROOMALL. I object to the gentleman
continuing his speech of yesterday.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the resolution ?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object to the resolu-
tion. 1 object to the misrecitation of my remarks
jn the preamble of the resolution; but i will not
stand in the way of the investigation even though
jt is in part based upon a misrecitation of my own
remarks. I accept the recitation, and am ready
to go before the country upon it.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
introduced and agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to request that I
may not be placed on this committee at ail.
AKMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask to report from the
Committee of Ways and Aleans the amendments
of the Senate to the Army appropriation bill.
They are few, and I shall ask that they be acted
on at the present time.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the understanding that
after these amendments shall be disposed of the
House shall take up the ordinary private business
of this day, I will raise no objection.
The SPEAKER. This is not private bill day
under the order under which the House is now
acting.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then with the understand-
ing that this shall be considered as private bill
day.
The SPEAKER. The majority of the House
can change the order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will no objection
to my proposition.
The SPEAKER. Then it is the understand-
ing that these amendments of the Senate shall now
be taken up for action.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the understandingthat
tins shall be considered as private bill day.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The regular order
of business has been called for.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means has the right to report in reference to
appropriation bills at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the amendments
of the Senate will be read and considered in the
House as in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. There will be no difficulty
about that. I will nof calf for the previous ques-
tion if the gentleman desires to make any remarks.
The amendments of the Senate were read; and
those on which separate votes were not asked
were concurred in.
The Clerk read the following amendment of
the Senate:
Add as follows:
Be it Jurfkcr cnactcd, That all persons of eotorwhohave
been or may be mustered into the military service of the
United Suites shall receive the same uniloun, clothing,
arms, equipment?^ camp equipage, rations, medical and
hospital attendance, pay and emoluments, other than boun-
ty, as other soldier of the regular or volunteer force of the
United States, of the likp service, from ami afirr the 1st day
of January. 1864; ami that every person of color who shall
hereafter be mustcied into the service shall receive such
sums m bounty as the Presideinshall older in thedifterent
States and pairs of the United States, not exceeding •■JlOO.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, the compen-
sation now fixed by law is thirteen dollats per
month for a white soldier and ten dollars per
month for a colored soldier. This proposition
is, from the 1st of January last, to fix the com-
pensation of both classes at the same rate: that
both white and colored soldiers shall receive thir-
teen dollars per month. Of course there can be
no misapprehension on the subject. There is no
proposition at all to increase the pay and emolu-
ments of white soldiers. The provision is only
that the pay of the colored soldier shall be in-
creased from ten dollars to thirteen dollars per
month.
That is the effect of the proposed amendment;
and while this provision does not give a bounty
of $100 to the colored soldier, it gives the Presi-
dent the power to do so if he thinks fit. It is to
place the colored soldier on the exact footing of
the white soldier in reference to pay, equipments,
rations, and in every other respect.
Now, without saying anything of the compara-
tive merits of these two classes of soldiers, with-
out indulging in any remarks on the question
whether the African soldier is worth as much to
the Government as the white soldier, I desire to
call tiie attention of the House to one fact, ignor-
ing all questions of feeling, of passion and pieju-
dice in favor of the white race and against the
black race, and that is, that in placing colored sol-
diers on the same footing in regard to the monthly
pay with the white soldier, you do not, in fact,
place the two classes on the same footing as to
compensation, for while you make no provision
for the suppoit of the wives and children of the
while soldier, you actually provide for the sup-
port of the wives and children of the colored sol-
dier out of the public Treasury, By this Senate
amendment, which you seem resolved to adopt,
you raise the pay of the colored troops to exactly
the same as the white troops, and yet you pay no
attention to the wives and children ot the one,
and very generously support the wives and chil-
dren of the other, an actual discri mi nation in favor
of the negro troops. The discrimination is an im-
mense onb.* YV>u are not equalizing. No,f sir;
when you furnish" the wife and children of the
white soldier with daily tations,as you have ^een
doing and are doing for those of the black soldier,'
and make that your permanent policy, then an<j
not till then it maybe pretended that youa.rcfa-
cing our soldiers, white and colored, upon exa£tjy
the same footing. I am not willing tbat'this prop-
osition shall be misapprehended. You discrim-
inate clearly, and in this, that while you are skipj
porting by rations and in. every other way Itye
wives and children of colored soldiers,lyou fur*
nish no such advantage, no benefits whatever to
the w:ife and child of the white soldier. '' '4 '
Away, then, with this pretense of equalizing;
instead of equalizing you tire discriminating, dis-
criminating in favor of the'-cblorfid soldier and
against the white soldier, I have said this much?
taking your own ground that these two classes of
soldiers, as soldiers, are exactly equal. But by
no word of mine wilt I allow the inference to be
drawn that I regard these two classes ofsoldiers as
equal, either as soldiers or in any of the qualities
which give value to the elements of a republican
Government. You cannot make them equal.
Since the Government has determined to employ
thefri as soldiers, however unwise the determina-
tion, the Government should act justly toward
them. If they mustbeemployed,thecitizen who
has disapproved that policy must still desire that
it should not prove unfortunate for his country.
Inasmuch as you are determined upon that policy
we can but desire to moke the services of these
eolored people as valuable as possible. That does
not require any such legislation us this. I do riot
think they ought to have been employed as sol-
diers. I think they should have been employed
in pursuits to which, by their habits and condi-
tion, they are well and manifestly adapted. They
could have been so employed in valuable service
in every one of your armies; but they have not
been so employed. They have not been employed
so as to relieve the citizen soldier from oppressive
and unaccustomed labor m the hot, sunny fields
of the South, '■& labor congoriial to the negio but
destructive to the soldier of the Norih, but you
have placed arms in their hands,left them it) your
camps and abandoned fortifications for many
months, while the white soldier has been toiling
under the hot and fiery sun of the South, to which
they are not accustomed, sacrificing thousands to
your visionary idea that "the African is the com-
ing man." I say deliberately, and with some
knowledge of the subject, that all the able-bodied
colored men whom you have reached by your arms
might have been properly employed, and with the
general consent of the country, in services"and
pursuits to which they are adapted, to the relief
of your armies, in the building of roads, fortifica-
tions, and countless other labors of your armies.
But this would not harmonize with your political
theories. But this discussion is not necessarily
raised by the pending amendment. What I pro-
test against is the discrimination; not a discrim-
ination in favor of white soldiers, but against
white soldiers. And no gentleman will tell me
that this discrimination does not exist.
Mr. UPSON, i desire to ask the gentleman
one question. Does he assert that this bill dis-
criminates against the white soldier ?
Mr. HOLMAN. It does.
Mr. UPSON. Wherein?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have attempted to explain
it; while you place the whiteand colored soldiers,
by this bill, upon the same footing as to pay,
clothing, equipments, and bounty, you furnish
no rations or other suppoit to the wives and
children of white soldiers, as you do to the wives
and children of colored soldiers. Is not this a
manifest and an important discrimination ?
Mr. ELIOT, i would like to inquire of the
gentleman upon what ground he makes that
statement? Where have there been rations fur-
nished by the Government to the wives and
children of black soldiers? I want to know„whether
he means anything more than this, that upon the
Mississippi and elsewhere, where our armies
have gone, where there have been wives and
children of freed men and fugitives dependent en-
tirely for support, they have been to a certain ex-
tent supplied; whether he means to say that the
wives and children of black men, as such, have
been taken charge of by the Government while
their husbands have been paid as soldiers in the
