THE G ONGrBESSIOMAL GLOBS.
June 15^
have gsen temporary; E>iit when infracted again
tfteyj ijenlftnded a retifflrmance; the king had to
listen; ftnij, sir, our' woyfd-he king jyill have to
ifeiejilo },4ei^fi® 'of tfie Ampr!cqin,Sena.tfi if.yqu
ajfept this %mehajpe,nt.
;"TO|"iion'oFif' "
t^e h'gai'tl of .    _
sif/fp feaffi'fqwiBce oTT.tlie ^Constitution, df the
tJWited States' give joy to the'hearts of traitors
and not to |)atrio'ts! Is there any provision in
tfi«t'Co'nM|tnti&8,aJtbe UnitedStates wliichgives
security or protectionlo traitors ? Is theEe any-
thing it) it thata traitor loyes? Is it not fullof
guarantees for patriots ? Is there anything in it
t^at'th^'patriot heart will not bound for .joy to
h'ejir reaffirmed ?.' Sir, it was made by patriots.
What those patriots made my.amendment seeks
to' affirmand to maintain in the future.
" Thl.s talk'about traitors has become so com-
jpon, so s.tale, that' sensible men know, exactly
lio;W to appreciate it, and he is mos.t apt to be
cShicious of traitorous purpose's who talks most
loi)d.}y'.ttff his own and questions most often the
patriotism of others; It has got to be common
now, if a roan (lifters with you in any matter of
party ffolicy, if any man dissents from this Ad-
ministration, to call him a traitor. We heard it
avowed the other day upon this floor that all loyal
iVien were abolitionists." Why, sir, does the
character of treason change so suddenly ? Are
• its' elements so'suddenly changed that what ten
y'cats ago one half of (he majority of this Cham-
ber would, liave disowned, abolitionism, has now-
liecotn.e the test eif patriotism ? 1 have heard some
of the very gentlemen belonging to the majority
on thisj floor deny the charge of abolitionism, and
yet we were grfively told the other day that it is
the test ofloyalty." Let this Administration an-
nounce pny heresy, however great, and imme-
diately, while'there may be some who will not
sft'y titat it is a test ofloyalty—I vyill not impute
anything to honorable Senators—there will be
many throughout ih'e country who will sw.ear that
it is true patriotism) and that the contrary is ar-
rant treason.
Mr. President, we shall settle this question of
what is treason and what is disloyalty in a few
months. The grand army of true patriots, the
men who stand by the Constitution of their fathers,
the men who intend if possible to preserve that
Constitution with all its guarantees, are rallying
ff>r tf e struggle; a.nd, determined as they are to
have H free elefction this time, come what shall
come, n free election or n free fight, the gathering
hosts will constantly receive additional strength
and mai (h on to assured, victory.
The honorable Senator says he cannot dive
into the uopths of my heart to inquire into my
motives, but he can form his own opinions. Free
thought, free speech is what I seek to reaffirm on
this occasion.. The honorable Senator is free in
t}ie exercise of his thought, and is perfectly free
ift the e^ei-:ise ofhis speech.
But it is said these things have only been done
from necessity. No tyrant ever yet attempted
to trample opon the rights of a people who did
r}dt allege that it was done from necessity. But,
sir, a once (roe people, and a people now determ-
ined to be Iree again, will sit in judgment upon
this tyrant plea and the tyrant who seeks to jus-
tify his coi duct under it very soon, when you
Will ceasu to hear, unless I mistake the indica-
tions of the times, outrages justified under the
pretense o' necessity.
Mr. TI£N EYCK. Perhaps I may claim the
indulgence and the patience of the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senate for a minute while
I" reply to one or two of the points taken by the
Senator from Delaware.
I think it was rather an unfair application of
my remark by the Senator(from Delaware, when
he staled that he had no joy in hearing the report
that General Sjurgis had been worsted and was
falling back on Memphis. Why, sir, the joy I
felt was 011 account of the constant general suc-
cess and progress of our armies, which, through
the heroism of our noble troops, are like a great
and mighty torrent sweeping away all treason
aiM icbellion from before them. I thought it
was a very little point indeed for thegentleman to
seize hold of, and by way ofescape, that he could
not rejoice at the discomfiture of Sturgis. Sir,
he did not rejoice, or at least he did not declare
even in his reply that he rejoiced in the general
progress of our arms; and 1 have never heard him
on this -8®or or ?iny where else express his grati-
fication on that account.
The Senator professes, and I do not dispute it,
that he is a warm friend of the Union and of the
flag of the Union. He tells us that his ancestors
were born under it; that he was born under it,
and that he has liyed under it. May I ask the
Senator if lie expects to.die under it? I have not
heard of his taking any step duringthe five years
he and I have sat side by side upon this floor to
maintain its supremacy over the length and breadth
of the Union established by our fathers. If so,
in whai respect ? "What has he said, what has he
done that he might continue to live under it, and
that when the day came for him to close his eyes"
in death, his last faint gaze might rest upon the
emblem of oursov.ereignty.fluttering in the breeze ?
1 do not expect th.e Senator to go into the field
and fight; his duties.as a Senator could better be
performed here thanelseyvhere; but when did he
ever raise his voice in behalf of the Army or the
Navy, or the prosecution of the war? What vote
did he ever give to r^i^e a man and put him in the
field, or to raise a dollar to maintain and keep him
there? If he has ever given such a vote it has
escaped my observation.
The Senator, in the kindness of his heart, is
willing to extend the care of Delaware unto New
Jersey. I thank the Senator for the warm and
gushing impulses of his heart. I remember the
early history ofthe " Blue Hen's Chickens,"and
it is a proud one; the record is as proud as that
of the early "Jersey Blues;" but I trust the Sen-
ator -ysrUl notundertake to indoctrinate our people,
when he is exercising this care over them, in the
sentiments>he ha^ given utterance to upon this
floor. There are too, many men already in tl>e.
Stat#-it is with shame and sorrow that i speak
it—indoctrinated with such sentiments as the Sen-
ator from Delaware utters here from day to day.
Sir, there are a few men there who refuse to give
a dollar to sustain that flag to which the Senator
from Delaware has alluded. There are noble,
patriotic hearts in Delaware. We will unite with
them in putting down this fierce rebellion, we will-
spare with them our last remaining man and our
last dollar in this holy pupose, but Heaven pre-
serve us from such friends as have only praise and
sympathy for rebellion and denunciation and
abuse for those who pass their working days and
sleepless nights in noble efforts to maintain the
Union transmitted by, our fathers.
There is but one other point to which I will
allude, and that is the utility of this amendment.
The Senator thinks there is great utility in recn-
acting the solemn declarations of the Constitu-
tion, that it would bring joy to the'hearts <5f the
citizens ofthe North and send a thrill throughout
their veins. If there be not sufficient loyalty to
the Constitution and the Government in the people
now under the Constitution, there will be not
sufficient under any act of Congress that you
may pas3. I protest that no such violation of the
Constitution has been committed by those who
are charged with the public service; and, by way
of "excluding a conclusion," I will say if such
has been the ease; if, under ihe stern necessity of
the times, when this Government, so to speak, has
been gasping for its breath beneath the bloody,
stabs oftraitors; if under such exigencies,unusual,
undefined, or unfamiliar powers, which I no.wise
admit, have been resorted to to save the nation's
life, will the Senator from Delaware close his
eyes to the great motive, and go howling through
the land against the men who may have done this
thing to preserve the country while traitors and
traitor sympathizers have striven to destroy it,
and that, too, be it said, without rebuke or even
comment from the Senator from Delaware?
Mr. President, I apologize for having taken up
so much time; but it seemed to me before this
vote was taken upon the call of the yeas and nays,
it was perhaps proper, or at least excusable in
me, to state why I did not consider it necessary
on this and every other occasion to reaffirm the
doctrines of the Constitution framed over seventy
years ago, and which our fathers and ourselves
have faithfully lived up to and maintained from
the day of its adoption down to the present hour.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I shall
not continue this debate any further than is ab-
solutely necessary to take particular notice of
some few remarks of the honorable Senator from
New Jersey. With thegeberal spirit which he has
manifested in this discussion i am pleased; and
yet I have been surprised that one so familiar
with the proprieties of debate should have been
found using the words he has uttered in this in-
stance. ' He spoke of the Senator from Dela-
ware " professing" to be a friend of the Union,
and of my " going tawling through the land.",.
The Senator is a taste.
Mr. TEN EYCKTi should like to withdraw
that declaration.' Sometimes in the hurry of de-
bate we use expressions that we would not other-
wise do. i did not propose to use that term.
Mr. SAULSBURY. So far as i have conduct-
ed this debate, in my humble way, i have made no
personal allusions whatever to the honorablo
Senator. I am not now speaking in reference to
those expressions. i do not choose to be put on
trial upon every occasion, by any Senator as to
the propriety or impropriety of the course which
i as a free American Senator choose to pursue in
my judgment upon matters. But the Senator
has so far again forgotten what is in issue be-
tween him and me, the discussion of principles,
as to refer to our personal course since we have
been Senators. ,He asks, what has the Senator
from Delaware done since the commencement of
these troubles ? and he proclaims to the country
the noble deeds and noble acts which he has per-
formed. Sir, i need no trumpeter of what little
fame i have got, and if i needed one i would not.
be my own.
But, sir, the Senator has chosen to make a con-
trast between what he has done and whatl have
done upon this floor. The Senator and myself
were both Senators when these troubles com-
menced, before a gun was fired, before a drop of
bipod was. shed.-He cannot forget the scene that
transpired in these Halls then. He cannot forget
the anxiety of his countrymen from the lakes to
the gulf and from ocean to'ocean.thatthese calam-
ities should be spared to this great people. He"
cannot forget that from every quarter of the laud
there came up in trumpet tpnes a prayer to him,
a prayer to me, a prayer to ev.ery one intrusted
with the discharge of official dutjes, " Do what
you possibly can to avert such a dire calamity as
war; do not allow brethren of a common origin
and of a common renown to imbue their hands m
each other's blood." Herecollects that respons-
ive to that call a.great statesman, a link between
the glorious past and the then agitated but mighty
present, a man who had seen Washington, who
iiad been familiar with the great men who laid
the deep foundations of this Government in the
principles of constitutional liberty; that man,
whose head was frosted with age and trembling
in every limb, stood up in his hearing in this coun-
cil Chamber and implored the warring sections to
cease their strife. He offered an olive-branch of
peace, which contained nothing but what had been
judicially decided to be true by the highest legal
tribunal ofthe country. The Senator saw the peo-
ple of one entire section of the country, through
their representatives, willing to receive those
propositions of peace, and.to accept of that olive-
branch thatpeace mightprevailin the land,that the
unity ofthe Government might be preserved, and
that constitutional liberty might be transmitted to
their posterity forever. The Senator saw the
tables of many of the Senators upon this floor
loaded with petitions for the establishment of
those principles of peace so patriotically offered.
He saw the Senator from Delaware persistently
ami continuously, when present in the body, vot-
ing to accept that olive-branch of peacc, voting
to agree upon these common terms upon which
brethren should live. t Although that honorable
Senator could not mistake the voice of the people,
nor be indifferent to the anxiety of his country-
men, upon every occasion, according to myrecol-
lection,he persistency voted against those prop-
ositions. Nothing but war, bloody war, a little
more blood-letting, in his judgment, could save
the Union. He turned a deaf ear to their entreat-
ies. He would not heed even the counsels of his
own State; for he cannot disguise the fact, and he
would not disguise it if he could—for i mean to
deal in no discourteous language toward him—that
the sentiment of his State was then,as it is now,
in favor of those principles of peace. He thought
that one section of this country, because it was
