IW2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
field. And if he does mean that, I hope he will
let us know the fact. I deny it.
Mr. HOLMAN. The great body of colored
soldiers have been drawn together in the Missis-
sippi valley and on the coasts of North and South
Carolina. All the way from Memphis to New
Orleans, wherever you have established " contra-
band camps" you have enrolled ail able-bodied
colored men into your Army as soldiers, and
then the remaining body of the colored popula-
tion thus gathered together into these contraband
camps, embracing the women and children, the
feeble and infirm, amounting to hundreds of thou-
sands, have been aj)d still are supported by the
Government, so far at least as furnishing them
with supplies, rations, and superintendence is
concerned. And I presume the gentleman from
Massachusetts will npt question that.
Mr. ELIOT. It amounts only to this: that
where in the South, in rebel districts, there have
been colored men enrolled, and at the same time
contraband camps have existed, and want has
been felt among the women and children, there to
a certain extent that want has been supplied by
the Government. And from that he argues there
has been a discrimination made in favor of the
black soldiers. I would ask thegentlemmi whether
he. would have those women t>nd children ^ho
have gone into contiaband c.amps starved for
want of aid from the Government. I ask him
what he would have done.
Mr. HOLMAN. What would I have done'1
The gentleman docs not understand me as com-
plainingof the fact that the Government has shown
a proper regard for humanity towaid these un-
fortunate people. Not at all. I ant complaining
that while you do supply, us the gentleman frankly
admits, the wives and children of these black sol-
diers so drawn together in the South, fiom the ne-
cessities of the case, you now propone to pay the
black soldiers thirteen dollars a month, and the
white soldiers ilia same, while you make no pro-
vision whatever for the wife and children of the
white soldier. Whether it be the lesult of a ne-
cessary humanity or not the fact remains that you
doprovide for the wives and children of the blacks
in your employment and do not provide for the
wife and chiidion of the white soldier. I am not
questioning the duty of humanity n-ndeied im-
perative by your policy, but the actual inequal-
• lty it produces when you make the pay of the
white soldier and black soldier the «ume, and pro-
vide for the wife aud,child of the one and not of
the other.
Mr. ELIOT. I do no! admit any such thing.
There may have been supplies made, but not to
these pcopleas wives of soidieis. Nobody knows
wheihei they aie the wives of .soldiers or not.
They aie there m contt aband camps and have been
supplied,notrv.s wiven but as human beings. Now,
the distinction is thin: that the whin,- soidieis from
the loyal States who have left their wives and fam-
ilies at home, are under pay from the Government
at the rate of thii teen dolUus a month, while their
wives and families are in charge of their friends
at home, suppoi ted by their husbands or their
friends at home. On I he abandoned plantations
these people whu are said to be supported by the
Government in a huge majouty of cases are sup-
ported by then own labor. In exceptional cases
there may have been supplies given to prisons
who happened to be wives, as far as they can be
wives at ail, of soldiers enrolled in the A rmy, but
that any such system has been adopted as to sup-
ply the wives and children of black soidieis I
deny, and the gentleman cannot make it out.
Mr.HOLMAN. That is a mere difleienee in
words. The gentleman does not pretend but what
supplies have been furnished to these colored peo-
ple from whom your colored soldius have been
drawn, but they have not been supplied "a* the
wives and children of the coloied soidieis," but j
only as contrabands. Wheie is the d^Feieuce? j
Mr. ELIOT. Not more than they have to the I
wives of whites. ]
Mr. HOLMAN. White soldiers! I would like i
to see a dollar that the Government has paid for
the support of the wives and children of any white
soldiers from my own Stale 01 any other.
Mr. ELIOT. Read the correspondence of Gen-
eral Butler.
Mr. HOLMAN. The point T make is this: the, i
gentleman does not pretend but that these bodies ;
of contrabands that have been got together upon i
the Mississippi and elsewhere, and from which
your colored soldiers have been drawn, have not
been supported by the bounty of the Government.
Mr. ELIOT. Not as wives.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not as wives! You may not
call them wives. They are women and children
composing the bodies from which your colored
soldiers were drawn. * *
Mr. ELIOT. Nobody knows whether they are
or are not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, whatofthat? It may
not be " as the wives and children" of the colored
soldiers that they are supported; butthatis amere
begging of the question. You have gathered to-
gether at your contraband camps many hundreds
of thousands of negroes as your armies have ad-
vanced, and from these camps you have enrolled
many thousands of negro troops, probably sixty
or seventy thousand from these sources alone, and
put them into the Army. The balance of these
people at these camps, as the gentleman well
knows, are provided for out of the Treasury.
They are furnished with food and clothing. It is
just and proper, I admit. After the Government
has adopted the policy of gathering them together
fiom their homes, it could not well do anything
else; but does this change the fact that the negro
soidieis—I speak of the general rule—have no
wives or children to support? If they have any
they are provided foi by the Government, while
the white soldier must provide for his wife and
children or leave them to the kindly chanty of
friends at home.
Hut the position I have assumed remains, that
while these negroes thus gatheied together are
supplied and supported by the Government di-
lectlyand immediately, there is no such pretense
of compensation in any shape or form to the wives
and children of white soldiers. And yet you say
iheie is no disci imination. Again, let me say to
the gentleman, thai of the white refugees who
have come within your lines, diiven from their
homes by the non heel of this rebellion, from
southwestern Missouii, Aikansas, and middle
and eastern Tennessee, North Caiohna, and Ala-
bama, thousands and tens of thousands of whom
have gone into your service, not one dollar of
money has ever been {appropriated by the Gov-
ernment for the suppoit of their wives and chil-
dicn. You see them, here and elsewhere, thou-
sands, actual objects of generous commiseiation
even for the cause in winch they have suffered;
yet this very hill contains an appropriation of a
million and a half of money to the hospital de-
pal tment for the support of these very "contra-
bands," not blacks employed by the Govern-
ment, butcontrabands in camps vvhoare rendering
you no service and entitled to no greater con-
sideiatton or greater favor even in the eye of
humanity than this great body of white Union
refugees who have been thus duven from their
homes. Yet tho contraband sutlers from your
policy, not because he supports your cause, while
the white refugee sutlers for his devotion to the
Union.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr Eliot] if a large
number of the black soldiers are not slaves, or
were not up to the tune of (he rebellion?
Mr. ELIOT. Does the gentleman inquire of
me whether in my judgment a large pail of the
black soldiers weie not slaves?
Mr. GANSON. I supposed that the gentle-
man was a fiank person. I put to lmn a duect
question.
Mr. ELIOT. State it again.
Mr. GANSON. It is whether they were not
in a condition of shivery at the time of the rebel-
lion?
Mr. ELIOT. Where ?
Mr. GANSON. The black soldiers in our ser-
vice everywhere.
Mr. ELIOT. Why,ifth c gentleman asks my
opinion about it, I have very little doubt that it
is so.
Mr. GANSON. I simply asked the question
for infoi mation.
Mr. ELIOT. Has not the gentleman the same
judgment as I have?
Mr. GANSON. I have not the same informa-
tion.
Mr. ELIOT. I apprehend that thegentleman
has the same means of information.
Mr. GANSON. I aoked the question because
the gentleman is chairman of the select commit-
tee on the Freed men's Bureau; and I supposed that
he had been attending to his duties, and had ob-
tained some information'on the subject which
persons not upon the committee could not obtain.
Mr. ELIOT. So far as my information goes,
I can say to the gentleman that I have no doubt that
a very large proportion of the negroes now seiv-
ing in our armies in the South were, at the be-
ginningofthis rebellion, in the condition of slaves.
Mr. GANSON. I now desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts if the relations that
exist between these black soldiers and their
women and children are the same in the eyes of
the law that exist between white men and their
wives and children?
Mr. ELIOT. I should like to know if thegen-
tleman supposes that because I was chairman of
that committee I have any1 means of informing
him on that point also. He is mistaken; and I
am not going to do it, either.
Mr. GANSON. Then the gentleman does not
know as much as I thought he did,
Mr. ELIOT. And the gentleman from New
York knows more than he thought he did.
Mr. GANSON. 1 therefore state that the re-
lations between the white soldiers and their wives
and children are not the same as the relations be-
tween the black soldiers and their women and chil-
dren. The children and wives of white soldiers,
freemen, can legally contract debts against the
heads of the families for the necessities of life.
The women and children of slaves can do no such
thing. Therefore it is thata portion of the money
payable to the black soldier, for bounty and pay,
should be, by the Government, secured for the
benefit of their women and children.
Mr. ELIOT. That is then on the ground that
black soldiers have the same relations to their
wives and children as white soldiers have to their
wives ami children.
Mr. GANSON. On the ground that they have
not tho same relations; because the women and
children of the black soidieis have, in law, no
right to contract any debt against the lathers of
the children for the necessaries of life, whereas
the wife and children of the white man have a
right, so far as the necessaries of life are con-
cerned, to contract a legal obligation against the
father and husband.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, we on this side of
the House believe that, in the sight of God, w hen
a black man marries a black wile, whethei at the
North or South, he is married to her just as the
honorable gentleman and myself are married to
our respective wives. In the eyes of slavehold-
eis of the South it is not so. But the opinion of
the gentleman from New York, if it is entertained
by my honorable friend from Indiana, furnishes
an answer to the position taken by the gentleman
from Indiana, because if it is true that the lelations
which exist between black men and their wives is
diiTeieiit from those which existbetween husbands
and wives at the North, then it follows that it is
not true that the Government which provides for
the support of a certain number of destitute black
women and children does supply their wants as
tho wives and children of black soldiers.
Mr. GANSON. I am very glad that the gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts has at last found out
that 1 am in his favor, if he had not so many
party prejudices lie would have found it outsooner.
Mr. ELIOT. I will be always glad to find that,
sir.
Mr. GANSON. We all know that in the or-
dinary walks of life these black men, even if they
have wives and children in the free States, never
receive f« r their labor the same rate of compen-
sation that white men do, because their services
are not so valuable.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon.
AU. GANSON. I except New England, for
I think they may be a little more valuable than
white men there.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sn; the gentleman is wrong
again.
Mr. HOLMAN. Thisdiscussion, Mr.Speaker,
is somewhat technical. I do not caie, for the
purpose of my argument, what may be the illa-
tion between the negroes in your employment
to the women and children from whom thev were
taken. Thefact is manifesttiua maiaige body of
| negiocs gathered miywheie, a portion of them
1 men, and apoition womi n and ehildi<usit must
