1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
comings of General Srhofield to the President and pray for
Jus removal, arid on that prayer and presentation he was
removed.
" ' Blair denied that he had authorized or approved any-
tiling of the sort, and said that in that very meeting lie had
defended General Schofield.
" ' Then God proiectmelrom such defenders as you were
then to General Schofield, replied Mr. Blow.
ii( JJ« then went onto reiterate his charges,and to give
the names of the parties who were there, and to say that
he would leave the question at is ue between them to the
decision of Blair's own friends.
"' To this 15lair had no reply to make.'
" Fi «\nk Blair denies that lie approved of the proceedings
ofa meeting which passed resolutions in 1862 favoring the
removal ol Geneial Schofield. The proof that he did con-
sists of a copy ol the minutes of that meeting, of which
John How was president and P. L. Foy was secretary.
These minutes, eeititied to, commence as follows *.
"'At a private meeting of well-known and thoroughly
reliable Union men, the names ot whom are appended, and
who assembled in the custom-house building on the 4th
of August, the following resolutions were unanimously
adopted:
" ' Resolved, That a committee ofgentlemen be requested
to go to Washington city, to uige upon the President the
appointment of a commander of 'the military forces of this
State, who will, under instructions, act with vigor in blip-
pressing the guerrillas of this State, and with authority to
enlist the militia of the State into the service of the United
States.'
u [The balance of the resolutions refer to requests to have
the oath of allegiance administered to bank officers, &c.,
and to the discharge of the reserve corps regiments.]
John How, Thomas S. Nelson,
O. D. Fiiley, G. Wocrner,
S. T. Glover, F. II. Sturgeon,
Ily. JBoernstein, James Ii. Knds,
Frank P. Blair, jr., Carlos Greeley,
H. T. Blow, John II. Fi*se,
F. A. Dick, John II. Lightner,
fsidor Bush, P. L. Foy,
Ben. Farrar, Barton Able,
Ja?. O. Broadhead, It. J. Iluwaid.
" Further comment is unnecessary."
The name of the colleague from the first district
[Mr. Blair] is among the number. The resolu-
tion was unanimously adopted. What then be-
comes of his [Mr. Blair's] statement with which
he attempts to falsify the word of his colleague,
[Mr. Blow?] He says he forwarded the following
dispatch:
St. Louis, Missouri, August 12,1882.
Major Genera? II. W. IIaIjMzck.:
Nobody i^ authorized t<> a?k Sehoficld's removal in my
name. I have written to lion. Mr. Blair asking that his
powers may be mote ample, and that he be disembarrassed
fioin the authority of Governor Gamble.
FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.
I doubt not that he forwarded the dispatch.
But what is there irreconcilable in it and his col-
league's statement or his vote for the resolution ?
Consider his duplicity, and say if you can that he
was not, aboveall others, the very person to have
voted for that resolution, and the next hour, in
betrayal of his friends, to have sent the telegram
to General Halltck, that the way might be opened
for himself to take General Schofield 5s place, with-
out appearance on his part of a dishonorable con-
nivance, and to have written to his brother to dis-
embarrass General Schofield from the authority of
Governor Gamble, that his successor might be 1
disembarrassed also, prepare'd to rule Missouri !
with the iron rod that he now hopes—-if conjectures
be true—to have placed in his hand as next Gov- ,
ernor.
My colleague from thefirstdistricthasmueh to
say about trade regulations, u trade friends,"
4< trade stores." It may therefore be well to dis-
play without comment—for they are a comment-
ary within themselves—the copies of a certain
44 order" and certain "invoice," and which will
not be denied to be true copies of the originals, to
which acccss can be had in a pioper manner.
The order is as follows:
Hi. AD QUARTERS sucoxp division
Fiftfentii Army Corps,
NEAR Vickski U<;, June 3, 1^63.
We the undesigned officers authorise Michael Powers
to procure toi our own ur-e the following aiticles, to w it:
Twenty five gallon.-? bnuidy, each; t\\eufv-/i\'e iMllons
Wlu.-kv, each; twonu-five hah bam h alp, each; uwnn-
four boxes C.uaw ba. (ach ; twenty-four boxes claret. i'ood.
each : ji'tin bo\e>.JUvaiia cigars each ; two dozen bottle.-
llnluM'' letfi'i--. (iff-nuuH1,) each; twcitj 1iom> (Cbaili-s
Fane) champagne; lour,") pound bales Vienna, smoking to-
bacco; twuinv-rive bo\iN canned truil.
FllANK P. HLAIK, Jr., Mat. Gen.,
Coiiimmulni  O' I)i> \si071 ioth •Hr-ny Corps.
n. >i. lvath'W *■?. q m.'
AKl)i-N it SMITH. Cnftain, L\ £>,
L( \\ T< >M I'K I ~U<1 de-camj).
J()U\ J .MACiaUB,
R. JOKIj. First Lieutenant Wth Missouri Cat,
\V, I). liKECX, Major anil <A.  4> G.
(*. [•'[>AN'iviJiV. U. S. V,
,M. A. DOYLX, t-lid-i't uunp>
The invoice is as follows;
St. Louis, Missouri, June 13.
Mr. Michael Powers, bought of David Nicholson:
113 Case? Brandy, 22,> gallons, at 64 $432
165 Ca-es Whisky, i.^5 gallon", at $3  495
225 Packages Ale, at S*6   J,350
2J6 Cases Catawba Wine, at $4   £64
216 Cases Claret Wine, at §1     8G4
270 Boxes Cigars, at $2   540
18 Cases Bitters, at $7   126
180 Cases and Baskets Champagne, at $12 .2,100
225 Cases Canned Goods, at $8 1,800
1,628
$8,Col
It is only necessary to say they did not reach
their destination. Trade regulations prevented.
Probably §20,000 were not made. Politicians
should have some honorable way of making bread
and meat when they do not own iead mines. Prob-
ably there was an interference when an attempt
may have been made to smuggle liquors contiary
to existing regulations. Fortunes in anticipation
from sale of poor whisky at rich prices may have
been lost.
• Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask my colleague
if he does not know that the order which he has
quoted here was a forgery committed by one of
Mr. Chase's agents, and that its publication was
procured by another of Mr. Chase's agents, who
knew it to be a forgery, in a paper which was in
the pay of Mr. Chase. The whole thing can be
traced to malice and malevolence. It is acknowl-
edged now to luue been a forgery on the part of
these two agents of Air. Chase.
I was in the field doing my duty when these
miserable miscreants committed this forgery which
the gentleman parades here. I suppose he has
seen the denunciation of that pietended order as
a forgery in a St. Louis paper, and he may have
ali the credithc can get for circulating the forgery
of Mr. Chase's agents.
Mr. McCLURG. Will my colleague give us
the name of the person he alludes to?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I allude to Mr.
Bonner.
Mr. McCLURG. I have seen the printed cor-
respondence on this subject between the gentle-
man's friends and the friends of the Treasury
Department, and I am confirmed in the belief that
I have given the correct and lair interpretation of
this whole matter. I shall, with great pleasure,
at any time, acknowledge the error if the gentle-
man will convince me of k; but he does not con-
vince me by the remarks he has now made.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I tell thegentleman
that I have the admission of Air. Bonner himself
that lie knew it was a forgery at the time lie pub-
lished it.
Mr. McCLURG. If thegentleman will get his
written admission and produce it to me, I will
withdraw and retract what I have said about this
matter.
Nov/, Mr. Chairman, I have but a minute or
two of time allotted me. I desire to say that I
have given the character of the politicians who
are endeavoring to rule Missouri as well as^I
could in one hour. It would require another
hour to give them what they do not desire, jus-
tice. Former pro-slavery and former anti-slavery
leaders have united (as the two I have exhibited
i hero to-day) to preserve slavery as long as pos-
] sihle. You sec the work in which the earnest
' men. the radicals, who are determined to destroy
| this accursed institution by the roots, and the re-
| hellion which lias grown from it, have been and
I are engaged, and whom they have to encounter,
j You see that the old extremes in Missouri have
; met, and by calling for help from the rebels and
j sympathizers, hope to accomplish their mfarious
1 purposes. You saw them on this floor on the
| 1st instant united against the establishment of a
j Freedmen's Bureau, a measure at once enlisting
j the sympntines of the patriotic and philanthropic.
| Both colic igues, from the first and sixth districts,
j voted m the negative with the opposition side of
S this House. Is that to be considered as mdica-
j ting the sentiments of the President on this great
question ?
Nothing will show more clearly to the nation
the piesent position of both these gentlemen and
their fi iend« on the slavery question, than to here
give the ordinance passed by the Ahssouii State
convention, which they both, as well as their
friends, bay adjusted the question of emancipa-
tion in a manner which should afford general,
satisfaction. Section two is as follows:
"That slavery and involuntary servitude, except for tha
punishment of crime, shall cease to exist in Missouri On
thu 4th day of July, 1870, and all slaves within the State at
that day are hereby declared u> be free: Piovided} kounver,
That al 1 persons emancipated by this ordinance shall remain
under the control and he subject to the authority of their
J ate owners, lepresentatives, and assigns as servants during
the following periods, to wit: those over foity years of
ago (on 4th July, 1870,) for and during their lives; (hose
under twelve years (on 4th July, 1870,) until they arrive at
the age of twenty-three years ; and those of ali other ages
until the 4th day of July, 1876. The persons or their iegal
representatives, who, up to the moment of emancipation,
were the owners of the slaves thereby freed, shall, during
the period for winch the services of such freedraen are re-
served to them, have the same authority and control over
the said freedmen, for the purpose of securing the posses-
sion and services of the same, that are now held absolutely
by the mas-ter in respect of his slave: Provided, however,
That after the said 4th day of July, 1870, no person so held
to service shall be sold to a non-resident of, or removed
from, the Stale of Missouri by the authority of his late owner
or his legal representative."
Transpose the language without destroying the
signification, and it would read thus: " provided
all slaves over forty years of age on 4th day of •
July, 1870, shall serve as slaves the remainder
of their lives they shall befree;Mand the younger
ones in proportion. And here it will beobserved
that after 4th day of July, 1870, those slaves can-
not be removed from the State, but th'at there is
nothing in that ordinance which these gentlemen
approve to prevent their removal prior to that
time to Kentucky or elsewhere.
Could the advocates of such an emancipation
ord inance os pronounces men absolutely free at the
termination of their lives be expected to favor any-
thing ennobling? Would they not be expected
to misrepresent every act and expression of their
earnest opponents, which they are doing? They
misrepresent at Washington that the President
may continue to bestow official patronage on their
semi-rebel friends*, and misrepresent in their
speeches that they may add to their strength in
Missouri. They even accuse us radicals of speak-
ing disparagingly of the militia of Missouri, It
isYalse, utterly so, except so far as relates to what
are called the Paw-Paws, about whom I have no
time to speak. The other mihtiacontain the true
men, the noble, the brave, the determined, in one
word the radical, who, in less than twelve months
will, through immediate emancipation,place their
beloved State in her pathway to that greatness
which freedom alone, under Grod's blessing, can
give. They belong to that increasing body of
earnest men now engaged in fighting the great
moral battle which will disenthrall the minds of
the oppressed everywhere, and establish univer-
sal freedom by knocking the fetters from every
slave.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to dispense with
the first reading of the bill, and to have it now read
by sections for amendment.
There being no objection, the bill was read by
sections for amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to make a single re-
muikon the clause, " for expenses of heating and
ventilating apparatus, §16,000." I avail myself
of the opportunity to express a hope that those
who have charge of this room will regulate its
ventilation in some way or odiei, so that mem-
bers shall not be exposed to sickness from hav-
ing to breathe this impure atmosphere. It seems
to me that this room is most unhealthy. I hope
that hereafter we will be permitted, in some way
or other, to see the light of day by opening the
halls m front, and having this room ventilated.
I wish those who have charge of it to take the
subject into consideiation.
Mr. STEVENS, I do notknow how it can be
well done without remodeling the design and re-
moving the walls. I always thought that the plan
was bad; but without breaking that wall I do not
know how it can be improved.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 should bo delighted if the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Moans
would use his great influence in this House to
procure membeis fresh air while we are in ses-
sion. It can bt done by icmoving that \va!l._
Mr. STEVENS. But that would be expensive.
Mr. CROOKS. Human life is u^ieat deal more
valuable than money. That§440,OOOtlnownaway
i)i the elevcn-imilnui loan voted the^other day,
would have gone along way in defraying the cost.
I move to strike out ali the items from line two
hundred and seventy-five to line three hundred
