1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
and forty-five, being for the contingent expenses
of the Treasury Department. I make the proposi-
tion, Mr. Chairman, on the ground that the De-
partment of the Treasury is making money enough
to pay its own expenses, and therefore does not
need any appropriation for contingent expenses.
1 am aware that this is a heavy charge to make
against a Department of the Government. And
yet it is not a charge criminating that Departmen t,
because if it makes money it does so in an hon-
orable way.
In order to establish the fact that the Treasury
Department is making money enough to clear its
expenses without the necessity of asking for an
appropriation, I call the attention of the House
to the official report of the debt of the United
States on March 1, and particularly to the last
item of that report. Of the six per cent, five-
twenty bonds there were issued on the 10th of
March, by this official statement, $510,165,446—
$10,165,446 beyond what the act creating the is-
sue of five-twentiesallowed. On the lstof March
last the value of these bonds in the market was
107 percent. In other words,$100 worth of Uni-
ted States bonds was worth $107 in the New York
market. The interest on these bonds from the
1st of November to the 1st of March was four per
cent. Four per cent, profit on $10,000,000 is
$400,000. Four hundred thousand dollars, there-
fore, the Treasury Department has made. It
ought therefore to be able to defray all its contin-
gent expenses without any appropriation what-
ever by Congress.
The law authorizing that over-issue passed this
House on the 2d or 3d of March, and it did not
become a law till the 4th of March. But here,
by an official record of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, -without law, above law, in devotion only to
the higher law, the bonds have been issued, and
the act of Congress was the merest formality, the
most indescribable faice in which Congressmen
ever engaged, for the bonds were issued at the
time, and were in the hands of the owners. Here
is the official record of the Secretary of the Tteas-
ury himself, that on the 1st of March there had
been issued, of the six per cent, five-twenties,
$510,165,446. The profits to the Treasury under
thai issue have been over four hundred thousand
dollars, enough to provide for all its contingencies
without a farth ing of appropriation whatever from
us. I repeat that I think this §440,000 will be
amply sufficient for tins purpose, and I therefore
move to strike out all these items for the contin-
gencies of the Treasury Department.
Mr. STEVENS. A single word will answer
all the gentleman hac? said. Suppose all this money
has been made by the Treasury and put into it,
we are passing a law to lake it out. There are a
great many other ways by which money has gone
into the Treasury besides the one which the gen-
tleman has pointed out, but even if he is correct
in his statement wo must pass appropriations to
take it out, and there is no other way of getting
it out. That is a sufficient answer to all the gen-
tleman has said.
Mr. BROOKS. As the gentleman tells us that
what he has said is a sufficient answer to what 1
have saul, 1 suppose 1 ought to bo satisfied.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. UOLMAN. 1 movc.to strike out the fol-
lowing paragraph of the bill:
for compensation of additional clerks in the General
Land Office, under the act ot ad Maich, l&v>, granting
hountv land, and for iuboiei* employed therein, J3 y>3,4U0 :
Provulcd, That the Seere.taiv of the lutfi ioi, at hu dtsero-
tion, shall be, and he is hereby, authouzed to use any por-
tion of said appropriation for piece-work, or by the day,
w< i k, monih, or year, at such rate or rate* as he may deem
ju.«t and fair, not exceeding a salary ol $'1,200 per annum.
It will be observed that this is not an appro-
priation required by law, hut one which may be
used by the Secretary of the Interior is his dis-
cretion for the employment of additional clcrks.
These clerks do not stand on the same footing with
those legulariy employed, and are only authouzed
m case their services may be necessary.
it will be obf-eived that the object of this ap-
propriation originally was to facilitate the issue
of land warrants under the aet of 1835, to carry
out the great land-warrant bill of that year. At
that tune these additional clerks, for which this
appropriation of$5y,000 was originally made, was
manifestly necessat y. But eveiygentleman upon
this door knows that the purp'ose for which this
additional clerical force was designed has ceased
to exist. That branch of the public service has
already performed its mission. I presume no gen-
tleman connected with the Committee of Ways
and Means will pretend to assertbeforethe House
and country that there is now the same reason
existing for this appropriation that existed at the
time the law was passed authorizing these tem-
porary clerks.
It is a very common occurrence to get an ap-
propriation for additional clerical force under the
pretense that they are to be only temporary, but
any such temporary increase always becomes a
permanentchargeupon thecountry untilsuch time
as Congress may by law arrest it.
Now, sir, I insist that this appropriation ought
not to be made. It is certainly a well-known fact
that the business of that Department has very
much declined since the commencement of the
war, and especially is the labor employing this
large additional force under the act of 1^'5 not
longer required by the public service.
The Department of the Interior is undoubtedly
conducted as well as any other; but while this
fact is true, and while it is true that the gentle-
man who is at the head of that Department, and
his Assistant Secretary, are two of the very best
officers employed by the Government, yet that is
no argument whatever for ingrafting these most
expensive features of past legislation upon our
appropriations for a Department for which there
can be no pretense of public necessity, while our
public exigencies require retrenchment, and I
therefore feel it to be my duty te raise my voice
against any unnecessary appropriation not con-
nected with the mihtaiy or naval scrvice of the
Government. In respect to them, the most ex-
travagant appropriations would seem to be jus-
tified by the wants of the public service. But
when it comes to a purely civil Department of the
Government, the business of which has been di-
minished instead of increased, I am for retrench-
ment. And it does seem to me that the pledges
made to the country when this Administration
came into power of retrenchment and reform ought
to be complied with.
1 trust it will be considered that this appropri-
ation, irregularly made for a force of clerks then
temporarily required by the Interior Department
to carry out, the act of 1855, is not now required
by the public service.
Mr. STEVENS. Although this paragraph of
the bill does not show how these clerks author-
ized by the act of 1855 are to be employed, I will
remaik that it is not for these extia bounties to
which the act of 1855 refers; but, sir, the appro-
priation is for the employment of clerks in the
General Land Oilice.
Now, sir, strange as it may seem, since we
have ceased selling the public lands, the business
of that Department instead of diminishing has
largely increased. Why, sir, within two months
time prior to the meeting of this Congress no less
than two million acres of the public lands were
entered as homesteads, requiring the entire atten-
tion of all the surveyors and clerks m getting out
tlv titles to these lands.
Perhaps there never was before, in two months,
since thiscountiy has been m the habit of dis-
posing of these lands, so many entries made.
Strange as it may seem, mme money was brought
into the Treasury under that operation than when
the land was entered at §1 25 an acre. After those
persons who had chosen to make homesteads had
settled upon the lands, it required a residence of
five years by our law before they can get a title,
unless they pay the price for the land. I am in-
formed that in a large number of cases these per-
sons having taken homesteads and again desiring
to sell and lelocate, which they cannot do until
they get a tide, have paid for the hinds. In that
way we £et more money into the Ticasury from
the sale of public lands than ever before.
It is necessary. i« order to perfect these titles,
that this additional number of clerks should be
continued. 1 hope that this explanation is satis-
factory. It was new to me when 1 came to con-
sider it. I am glad our people arc going out to
make homesteads in such great number as they
appear to have done even duiing this war.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For rent of surveyor general's office in the Territoty of |
Idaho, fuel, books, stationeiy, and other incidental ex- I
pciiiet, $3,000. !
Mr. BROOKS. It is now too late to control
the disposition of the public lands to railroads
and actual settlers; but I avail myself of this op-
portunity to say that with an enormous public
debt, which is daily increasing, it does seem to
be proper at least that those to whom we-give the
public lands should bear the necessary expenses
of surveys, &c. Since the organization of these
new Territories the expenses of managing the
public lands have largely increased, and one of
the largest items is that for the survey of the pub-
lic lands. As these lands are given away to rail-
roads and individuals, it seems to me that they
should at least pay expenses.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe our law now pro-
vides for that; that every man who becomes enti-
tled to a homestead pays for these surveys. They
pay ten dollars each whether they complete their
title by residence or payment of money.
As I said before, a large part of the lands en-
tered as homesteads is paid for, and the title ob-
tained at the old rates. We are therefore re-
ceiving, as gentlemen will read from the report*
more than will pay all expenses.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For propagating garden:
For propagation and distubution of valuable plants, cut-
tings, and shrubs, namely: For labor, repairs of old propagat-
ing house, new propagating house, rebuilding shop, and
lor puichase of tiees, cuttings, vines, and bulbs, $10,800.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That such trees, cuttings, vines, and bulbs, so
purchased, or which s hall be propagated, shall be such as
ate adapted to general cultivation, and to piomotc the geii-
eial interests ol horticulture and agriculture throughout
the United States.
Mr. Chairman, it seems that the appropria-
tions in this bill for the Department of Agriculture
amount to §130,800. Until the last year the ap-
propriation was from thirty to sixty thousand dol-
lars. 1 am not going to propose to reduce the
amount. I did not think it was wise to organize
th is Department, knowing that the expenses would
be largely increased. T^iis Department is in oper-
ation, and I should deem it unwise to cripple its
usefulness.
The proviso I offer is a reenactment of one in
former laws prior to the organization of this De-
partment. This is an appropriation of $10,800
for propagating trees, shrubs, bulbs, &c., for dis-
tribution. My proposition is to limit the trees,
shrubs, vines, and bulbs to those intended for gen-
eral cultivation throughout the United States. 1 do
not, think that it is wise or proper for us to go into
expenses for the propagation of fancy varieties
of shrubs and flowers, or to propagate varieties
exclusively intended for hot-houses. 1 do not
know, if the condition ofthe country would admit
of it, but that it would be proper to appropriate
$10,800 for keeping up and perpetuating some-
thing of the kind: I refer to the botanical garden
to the west of the Capitol.
1 think it is well pnough,under all the circum-
stances, to perpetuate that feature; but I do not
want to sec any other system built up. I insist
that the Agricultural Department shall confine it-
self toils legitimate business—the encouragement
of horticulture and agriculture for the whole Uni-
ted States. Therefore I submit this amendment;
and I trustthatgentlemen will notice that itsimply
recnacts what has heretofore been the law, and
requires that the trees, shrubs, bulbs, &c., shall
be ofthe character intended for general cultivation.
We cannot afford,and thecountry cannotafford,
to cultivate a few trees, shrubs, and vines for here
and there a green-house for gentlemen of elegant
leisure. Therefore I insist that this money shall
be expended for the benefit of the whole country,
and not for the benefit of a favored class who may
have hot-houses and green-houses, for the purpose
of gratifying their refined and cultivated taste.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to offer an amend-
ment as a substitute for the whole matter in refer-
ence to the subject of agriculture. • I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana to withdraw his amendment
in order that the committee may act upon the
amendment I propose to offer. It will reduce the
appropriation much more than the amendment of
the gentleman fiom Indiana.
Air. llOLMAN. The only objection to that
is, if the committee should decline to strike out,
and insert the amendment 
Mr. MORRILL. Then the gentleman can offer
his amendment.
