1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
how large a number of persons, including men,
women,and children, are now and have been for
months and months past'receiving their regular
rations at the hands of the Government within the
limits of this District and the adjacent portions of
Virginia and Maryland,
Mr. ELIOT. All the persons who have been
receiving anything have been paying more than
they have received.
Mr. HOLM AN. In what way ?
Mr. ELIOT. By the proceeds of their services,
which proceeds have been paid into the Treasury.
If the gentleman will go to the freedmen's camp
at Arlington 
Mr. HOLMAN. I know the negroes of this
District-have been employed as teamsters and
as 
Mr. ELIOT. And otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN. "What 1 refer to is the wo-
men and children, and I want to know how they
are employed by the Government.
Mr. ELIOT. I say to the gentleman that the
proceeds of the labor of these women and chil-
dren have gone into the Treasury, and when I
last had the opportunity of knowing about it
there was from thirty to fifty thousand dollars
standing to the credit of that fund.
Mr. HOLMAN. "Will the gentleman refer to
some particular record of the revenues received
by the Government from these sources? There
is a "contraband camp" at Arlington, beyond
the Potomac, where I understand thousands of
contrabands are gathered together fi om various
parts of Maryland and Virginia, brought in by
our troops. A village has been built there atthe
expense of the Government—quite a city, indeed,
substantially built, and inaugurated four or five
months ago with some ceremony—for the sup-
Cortand residence of these persons, superintended
y many salaried agents. I have seen in the
public journals official advertisements for the or-
dinary and usual supplies for the benefit, of this
contraband camp. Will the gentleman point out
the source of revenue which lie refers to as com-
ing to the Government from these poisons?
Mr. ELIOT. The Rcrvie.es of those parties,
women mid children.
Mr. HOLMAN. How are fhey employed ?
Mr. ELIOT. Partly upon Hie land there in
raising products which go into the market, partly
as teamsters, as the gentleman says, and other-
wise.
Mr. HOLMAN. Now, the gentleman must
know that since that village was established there
has never been an opportunity of realizing from
it one copper. The Government cannot employ
those women.
Mr. ELIOT. If he will go there he will now
find them engaged working for the Army with
their sewing machines furnished to them for that
puipoae. He will find also an account is kept of
the proceeds of their labor, and he will find fur-
thermore a balance of money in their favor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman produce
the evidence which will satisfy the House 5 Some
official exfmsg? Some statement fro.ni officers or
agents? We have seen, as a common spectacle,
trains of wagons loaded with women and little
children brought from their homes in every sec-
tion of the country, from the most loyal parts of
Maryland, and taken into this contraband camp
to be supported by the Government; and I would
like to know how they arc to be a source of rev-
enue. That such a village for many thousands
of people, huilf at great expense, furnished with
every appliance for domestic life, and conducted
by salaried agents, established four or five months
ago, can be a source of revenue, by raising agri-
cultural products or otherwise, to the Government
is simply impossible; and until the gentleman can
present to the public some evidence of the expend-
itures and receipts we cannot ignore the evidence
which appeals to our senses and experience every-
where around us. The truth is you have not a
particle of evidence of even the amount expended,
much less of revenue received from any souiee
whatever. The public money is expended, and
this House and the country have not and never
will huveany account of it. in matters of public
expenditure and public revenue no mere state-
mentofgcntlemen amounts to anything. The peo-
ple have the right to know ftom official statements
what becomes of their money. If the gentleman
will present any such official statement, such as
we have for all other expenditures, we will sub-
mit to them with pleasure; but none such can be
produced, or ever will be. 1 will now yield to
my friend from Kentucky.
Mr. CLAY. I will say to the gentleman from
Massachusetts that these servants are congre-
gated in camps with no employment whatever.
They are brought together by thousands and are
now dying with diseases of every description
that a man can imagine, and instead of being put
to work they are lying there and literally rotting
in their filth.
Mr. ELIOT. Let me say to the gentleman
that it has been my earnest wish to have a Freed-
men's Riireau organized for the purpose of cor-
recting this very evil.
Mr. CLAY. You are just murdering them by
thousands. I have information in my posses-
sion showing that on some different plantations
more than one third of the negroes have died.
This is the result of your system. Northern
men are sending their agents to that country and
by fraud and bribery are enticing away the able-
bodied negroes—leaving the women and children
to starve—and putting them in the armies of the
United States to fill their quota, thereby saving
themselves from having to serve. It is literally
selling them to the Government of the United
States. Unmounts to that. For every such negro
you put into the Army they save six or seven
hundred dollars in their own pockets, for in many
places bounties are offered as high as $800; this
they pocket and never give to the negro recruit.
They give a small bribe to the slave to entice him
to leave his master and put him in the Army,
and thus save the bounty they would have to
give if one of their own citizens should enter the
service. In fact, they are selling these negroes
to the Government of the United States at an
enormous price and saving their own citizens
and making money by the operation. You are
here now, knowing these things, legalizing these
acts. You care no more for the negroes than you
do fora hog; not a bit more. You have not half
the humanity that the slaveholders have. Your
course in this matter is dictated solely by your
own interests. You are governed by dollars and
cents.
Sir, as a slaveholder I have been scoffed at here
and vilified for the last four or five months. I
have held my tongue and refrained from answer-
ing; but my patience is worn out by this con-
tinual abuse of slaveholders. 1 would rather be
a slaveholder than one of you who sit here and
legalize this robbery and stealing all over the
country. That is what I think about, it. I do
not profess to belong to the other side of the
House, (Republican;) but 1 must admit that all
my feelings and inclinations disposed me to go
with them. Why? Because 1 supposed that they
were in favor of sustaining and supporting this
Government. We have pledged ourselves to the
last man and dollar to go with you to accomplish
that purpose. 1 do not intend to be driven from
my purpose. I shall remain firm and steadfast,
no matter what you may do; but yet while 1
pledge you the last dollar, if necessary, 1 do not j
mean that you shall come and rob me of my hist
dollar now, and turn mcout on the cold chanties
of the world. 1 am willing to give dollar fordol-
Inr with you, but I am not willing that you shall
come and rob me now. Thatis what I complain of.
I will just say now, in conclusion, that this
system which you have inaugurated is a mo&t
abominable one. It is worse than slavery itself.
Your agents cheat the negroes out of half their
earnings, and rule them with an iron rod. They
are worse than any slaveholders in the South.
You talk about freedom I Is there any freedom
or humanity in taking a negro from his home,
where he is well fed and clothed and well treated,
and putting him in the charge of an agent whose
sole object is gain, and who has nosympathy for
him, and will cheat him out of the fiuits ol his
labor? Is that the kind of slavery you wish to
inaugurate in this country?
Sir, it is an abominable system,and one which
I believe the people of the United States will never
consent to. The people will never suffer that
kind of slavery to exist in this country. Do you
suppose that they will permit the control of all
this class of people to be in the hands of the  Sec-
letary of War and controlled by him as provided
for in your bill which has passed the House, con-
trary to the constitution and laws of the different
Slates? I hope not. If they do, the Secretary
will be the great slave autocrat of the country;
he will have more agents and sub-agents under
his control, with large salaries drawn from the
Tieasury of the United States, thereby sucking
the very life-blood of the nation, to control and
take care of these four million slaves, to furnish
them employment, clothing, and food, and pro-
vide them with hlmes upon tl;e abandoned plant-
ations of the South, as is provided for by the
gentleman's bill, than there arc now slave-owners
in all the" southern States. I ask nothing for my
people but what is guarantied to them by the
Constitution of our country, and I would scorn to
ask as a boon that which they are justly entitled
to under the laws of the land.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have but another remark
to make. A great portion of this discussion of
course has not been pertinent to the real issue.
There are but two questions presented: first, shall
we place these colored soldiers on the same foot-
ing with white soldiers as to pay and every other
condition of the private soldier? xThat is the first
question presented. There are but two arguments
against it. One of them I have presented already—
the impolicy and injustice of the Government pro-
viding for the women and children of colored sol-
diers and not for the wives and children of white
soldiers. I have thought that the discrimination
made of three dollars a month was at the very least
a fair discrimination, as you are resolved on em-
ploying negroes as soldiers, even admitting that
white and black soldiers are equally valuable to
the Government, inasmuch as you support the
wives and children of the one and not of the other.
I have said on this point all 1 desire to say.
The other question is this, and 1 come now to
what I conceive ttf be the main question: are we
prepared by a solemn act of legislation to place the
colored soldier on exactly the same footing with
the white soldier? There is the question naked
and unvarnished. That is the issue now pre-
sented, placing the negro on the same footing ex-
actly with the white private soldier, for you assume
that negroes are not equal under any circum-
stances to white officers. You propose only to
equalize the negio with the white puvatc soldier.
Gentlemen have to meet that question. It is fairly
Presented by thependingamendment. Itcannot
e evad&d on this vote. On the yeas and nays
which will be taken this House will determine the
question so far as this body is concerned whether
the negro soldier and the white private soldier are
to be put upon an equality; whether the African
who has submitted to ages of servitude shall be
placed—not in fact but in legislation—on the
same high platform of equality, equalized as far
as it is in your power to equalize, so far as legis-
lation can do it, with the white soldier proud of
his traditional courage. We have seen the spec-
tacle within a few days past of an effort to place
these two races on the same footing in the Terri-
toiy of Montana by an act of Congress the fate
of which is still in suspense, and now we see this
further step taken to equalize by law the gallant
private soldier with the African troops, and then
the argument is that a race that has fought for the
public safety must enjoy every right oY the citi-
zen. Is not this the secret of your policy?
I do not believe that any gentleman who hears
my voice to-day thinks that in any of the social,
moral, intellectual, or political elements, or so far
as moral or even physical courage and endurance
are concerned, theie is any kind of equality be-
tween the two races. There may be such, but I
believe thatthisparoxysm ofequalization ispureiy
political. The one race is famous and has been
for uncounted ages, not only for its courage hut
for those qualities which spring out of moral and
physical courage, the great and fundamental prin-
ciples of progress and civilization. The power
which has laid the foundations of empire and has
pressed forward the march of civilization develops,
itself in the white race; while the African, with
similar opportunities for progress, with civiliza-
tion existing on the borders and established Within
the limits of his continent by the white iacc for
many centmies, has remained absolutely un-
changed. To say that these two races are equal
in the elements of progress and civilization, that
they are equally valuable as soldiers, equal in their
influence in controlling and directing events, equal
in their capacity to endure, to apprehend, and to
