1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
comprehend, equal in everything that enters into
the high qualities of a soldier—as you propose to
do by this biii—is an insult to the universal ex-
perience of mankind. The races are not equal in
the elements of grcatnessand power. You can-
not make them equal by law; and this attempt to
equalize them will not elevate the negro nor add
to the courage and manhood and martial spirit of
the white men of your Army.
Mr. SHANNON. I rise tcs- a point of order.
The only question before the House is: "Shall
Americans of European descent rob Americans
of African descent of the fruits of their labor?"
Mr. HOLMAN. I did not hear the point made
by the gentleman, but judge from the good humor
elicited by it that it must have been considered
very witty. Sir, the right to bear arms is the
peculiar right of the free citizen in a free Republic,
it is not so much a duty as a right, the highest
right of the citizen. In conferring this right or im-
posing this duty on the African you do not ele-
va.te the white soldier. You do notslimulate him
with new impulses of patriotism and honorable
ambition. You cannot get rid of the ancient preju-
dices existing in the Army and everywhere else
against a people who have submitted to servitude,
not a generation, but for ages, and still submit
without an effort to regain their freedom. While
there is no reluctance on the part of the Army to
see the negro stop the ball which might strike the
white soldier down, there is this feeling: that the
attempt to place the negro on an absolute legal
equality with the white soldier who went to the field
of his own free will, who came to the salvation
of the country when the first tocsin of alarm was
sounded, is an insult to him, an unjust disregard of
his sentiments and opinions, of his high apprecia-
tion of the right to bear arms for the defense of his
country, and a poor iecompens« for his chivalrous
bearing on every field of battle, which only a tra-
ditional sense of honor could inspire. If a servile
race, servile for submitting for ages to servitude,
can at once assume equality with the private sol-
diers of the most masculine race that ever upheld
empire, what becomes of the pride of military
glory?
I warn you, Mr. Speaker, I warn gentlemen
in their eager haste to equalize the races for un-
worthy political ends, to break down those barriers
which have stood for ages, perhaps reared by
prejudice but still actual and real, that in doing
this they do not permit their interest in the negro
to overshadow their patriotisrh, and impair if not
destroy the martial spirit of our armies; that they
do not, in their efforts to encourage black troops,
discourage white troops, in their eager efforts' to
strike down this terrible rebellion, which can only
be mastered by the strong grasp and iiresistible
will of the white race. This is a blow at the pri-
vate white soldier; if you impair his manly, patri-
otic spirit, you sap the foundation of your Army,
Mr. PRICE. Willthegentleman from Indiana
allow me to ask him a question? 1 wish to ask
him whether General Jackson, at New Orleans,
did not put the negro soldierupon the same foot-
ing with the white.
Mr. HOLM AN. That question has been asked
so often that I really cannot take the time to an-
swer it.
Mr. PRICE. I want an answer—yes or no.
Mr. HOLMAN, I cannot yield the floor to
the gentleman for any such stereotyped question.
It has been asked over and over again on this
floor bythosewho believe thenegroatleastcqual
to the white man, and it has been answered as
often. I say to the gentleman that General Jack-
son employed the black man just as he ought to
have been employed in this war. He employed
hint in those acts of physical labor for which he
is admirably adapted, especially in a southern
climate. On this point there is no ambiguity in
history. If you had employed him during this
war as your Army reached him m its advance,
as he was employed then, in relieving our own
gallant soldiers from that extreme physical labor
to which they have been subjected under the hot
sun of the South, and refrained from making him
the corner-stone of your political edifice, the ele-
ment of your fanatical and impracticable policy,
every man in the country would have come up
with one voice, and that voice in favor of crush-
ing this rebellion at whatever sacrifice of life and
treasme, without question, without qualification.
It is by deviating from the policy oftho.se worthier
patriots of the past age, of the prudent counsels
and practical statesmanship of the earlier and
better days of the Republic, by deviating from
their conservative wisdom, thatthese misfortunes
have crowded upon us, that the nation trembles
in agony. But fanaticism is deaf to every appeal
of reason. It exults in its ownblindness though
it walks in the midst of burning plowshares.
Now, sir, without extending these remarks,
entered upon on the spur of the moment, I have
but to repeat that these negro troops have been
employed at ten dollars a month, while our white
soldiers have received only thirteen dollars a
month, a discrimination of only three dollars a
month in their favor. It is now proposed to in-
crease the pay of the negro troops to thirteen dol-
lars per month, and no increase in the pay of the
white soldier. It is against this that 1 enter my
protest, not that it is of such moment in itself,
but because it is a part of your intemperate pol-
icy. I protest against it in the name of that gal-
lant Army of private soldiers who have borne "the
buiden and heat of the day," who have pressed
forward with the indomitable will of the white
soldier to so many glorious victories, and won
such impeiishable honor. I protest against it as
but a part of your general policy which seeks by
the force of power to extinguish every vestige of
the old Republic of our fathers, wild, reckless,
impracticable. I protest against it in the name
ofadistractedand bleeding country, which,strug-
gling with defiant treason, and demanding pru-
dence and patriotism in the conduct of its affairs,
and the noblest incentives to constancy and cour-
age, receives at your hands only the paralyzing
counsels of fanaticism and passion.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that he had ap-
proved and signed a joint resolution and bills of
the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 67) to increase
temporarily the duties on imports;
An act (H. R. No. 367) to provide for the col-
lection of hospital dues fiom vessels of the United
States sold or transferred in foreign ports or
waters;
An act (H. R. No. 62) fixing certain rules and
regulations for preventing collisions on the wa-
ters; and
An act (H. R. No. 408) for the relief of post-
masters who have been robbed by the confeder-
ate forces or rebel guerrillas.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the Boor.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will allow me for a moment, I desire an
opportunity of saying a word in reference to the
question I put to the gentleman from Indiana, and
which he declined to answer either in the affirma-
tive or negative. I do not propose to allow this
matter to go to the country with the statementof
the gentleman from Indiana upon it, diametrically
opposed as it is to the facts of the case.
General Jackson had the reputation in his day
of being a statesman and a patriot, a genuine and
nota bogus Democrat. The word Democrat with
him meant something, and it did not mean the
Democracy of the present day. General Jackson
in his day knew something—although he lived
in a slave State—of the value of negro soldiers as
well as white soldiers, and he placed them upon
an equality as to pay and rations. And no man
who knows anything about the history of his
country or has any caie for justice or veracity
will dare to deny it.
Now, sir, these being the facts, as they are re-
corded in history, every sensible man and every
honest man will acknowledge the wisdom of the
course which he pursued. And are we to be lec-
tured here because we propose to place them to-day
exactly where the old hero of the Hermitage
placed them in 1814? No, sir; the good sense
and patriotism of this country are in favor of
placing them just where he placed them, and that
is what I hope this Congress will not fail to do.
And these negroes, who are being fed and clothed
by the Government, are not fed and clothed by it
because they are the wives and children of negro
soldieis, but because it is an act of humanity to
keep them from starving. They are not fed be-
cause they are black, because in the region wheie
they are fed the white people are taken care of J$y
the Government just as well as the negroes are,
if not a great deal better. ■ }
Now, as to the argument whether iliey are
equal to white men, it has nothing to do with this
question. White men are not equal physically
or mentally or in any other respeet whatever £ arm
as to this law making them equal to-white mea,
so far as we are concerned on this si^e- of the
House, I will say that we are not afraid offit. I
will tell the gentleman and those who sympathize
with him, who, notwithstanding the few advant-
ages of education that negroes have had, haveti
big scare upon them that they will got ahead of
the white race, that we do not believe they will,
even if we put them into the Army at thirteen dol-
lars per month.
Mr. GARFIELD. In order that I may not
embarrass action on the resolution adopted this
morning on my motion, I withdraw the request I
then made. 1 made it because I had alreadym
great deal of work to do. I leave the matter with
the Speaker. - \
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I do not see
any particular reason for excitement in discuss-
ing the present question. I know it is natural for
some gentlemen on the other side of the Hotase
who are interested in the institution of slavery Go
become excited, and therefore it is not to me at
all surprising. It is the last convulsive spasm of
thestruggle which I have seen going o.n for twenty
years on this floor, of a power which dominated
this Union, and which 1 never expected to live tfo
see conquered. But my life has been. Spared to
see it subdued, exhausted, and trembling in= the
hist agonies of death as we have seen to-day. I
do not think it strange, nor do I reproach it for
that fast natural convulsive effort which we have
seen to-day. It ought to affect but a few, and it
does affect but a few.
But, sir, I shall try to confine myself to the
question in hand, and not follow the wild ram-
bling of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] and other gentlemen, who have gone away
fiom the question to inquire into the robbery of
property—that is, slaves—of those gentlemen who
have been oppressors so long that they are un-
willing to come down to the democratic level of
freemen who tolerate freedom.
Sir, the question now is whether the soldiers
of the United States, who wear the livery of the
Union, who march under the banner of the Union,
who, in common with the armies of the Union,
expose themselves in the battle and todeath, shall
be placed on an equality, or whether in that po-
sition and under that glorious flag we ar£to keep
up the distinctions whtch have been the infamy
and disgrace of the Union and the age, and which
existed when slavery did. 1 take it for granted
that the day has passed when any man, who is
not either a lover of slavery or a demagogue, will
attempt to maintain the position that any of the
soldiers who bear their arms in battle shall be
treated as inferior to any other men who stand up
by their side. I care not whether the soldiers
are of Milesian, Teutonic, African, or Anglo-
Saxon descent. I despise the principle that would
make a difference between them m the hour of
battle and of death. The idea that we are to
keep up that distinction is abhorrent to the feel-
ings of the age, is abhorrent to the feelings of
humanity, is shocking to every decent instinct of
our nature; and 1 take it that no man who is not
wedded to the institution of slavery, or does not
foster it fur the sake of power, will go with the
gentleman from Indiana.
Sir, why should they not be all paid alike?
Why should they not all be clothed alike ? Why
should they not be all armed alike? Why should
they not all charge the rebels alike, and (lie alike
in defense of the Union? Because they are of dif-
ferent descent. Why didyou put it upon the mere
complexion, and not upon the nationality ? In-
deed, sir, if any were to have a preference over
others in pay and m inducements to join theser-
vice, it ought to be that class of men whose perils
are greatest when they go into our Army. The
black man knows when he goes there that his
dangers are greater than the white man's. He
runs not only the risk of being killed in battle, but
the certainty, if taken prisoner, of being slaugh-
tered instead of being treated as a prisoner of war.
And these are the men that the gentleman from
