1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I will withdraw my
amendment,.
Mr. MORRILL offered the following amend-
ment:
Pages 28 and 29, strike out from line six hundred and
sixtytn hue seven hundred, inclusive, and insert in lieu
theieot'thc following:
For compensation of Commissioner of Agriculture,$3,000.
For compensation of chief clerk, $2,000.
For compensation ot botanist and entomologist, $2,000.
For compensation of statistical cleik, §1,800.
For compensation of six clerks of class first, $7,200.
For compensation of three clerks ofclas3 second, $4,200.
For compensation of three clerks of class third, $4,800.
For compensation of one messenger, §600.
For compensation of two laborers, §800.
For collecting agricultural statistics, §5,000.
For purchase of cereals, vegetable and flower seeds,
§30,000.
For seed room:
For compensation of superintendent, §1,400.
For compensation of two clerks of class first, §2,400.
Fo-r labor in putting up and sending seeds, §12,000.
For seed bags, coal, gum, packing paper, and miscella-
neous iteuife, §8,800.
For piopagating garden :
For labor, repairs, and the purchase of trees, cuttings,
vines, and bulbs, §5,000.
For horse-keeping, seeds, manure, and tools, §1,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I know how difficult it is
to call the attention of this House to anything in
relation to economy. In all my seivice here I
believe I have not been distinguished for finding
fault with even liberal appropriations—certainly
not for carping at little things. But being placed
upon the committee whose duty it is to find ways
and means for carrying on the Government, I
confess I find it less difficult and more consistent
with what I conceive to be my public duty to en-
deavor to save money than to increase taxation,
and thereby add to the existing burdens of the
country. For this purpose I propose, in the ag-
gregate, as will be seen, that we shall appropriate
precisely this year what we appropriated last year
for the Department of Agriculture, and no more.
I think that, if prudently managed, is amply suf-
ficient to carry out the ideas of Congress upon
this subject, and leave the Department able to do
all it has heretofore done; and it will be seen that
instead of leaving the matter loosely, as it is now
left by I.aw, I propose to have these employes of
that Depaitment classified.
I may say I was instructed by the Committee
of Ways and Means to prepare an amendment
which should strike out the draughtsman and
translator and assistant chemist, and also to reduce
the appropriation for the purchase of a library from
$5,(300 to $1,000, and also to strike out entirely
this new proposition for an experimental gar-
den.
Having said thus much, I leave the subject
for the committee to determine. I believe that it
would be wise for us to confine the appropriation
to the amount that we have heretofore appropri-
ated, and no more.
A Member. What is the exccss over the usual
appropriation ?
Mr. MORRILL. About sixty-five thousand
dollars.
Mr. STEVENS. When the Agricultural De-
partment was first established it received £90,000
to start with, and we made some appropriations
in the deficiency bill for that year. The head of
that Department was before the Committee of
Ways and Means, and although we sought to
find some points in his estimate which he would
deem might be reduced, yet he convinced me that
there weie no parts of it that could be omitted
without injury to the public service and to the
agricultural interests of the country. He cer-
tainly adhered to his estimates as absolutely ne-
cessary, and I cannot perceive, after the thorough
examination we gave to the subject, that he is
wrong. He is enlarging, to be sure, the sphere
of his operations very considerably. He is intro-
ducing new subjects. He is bringing from abroad
a larger amount of cereals and other things which
come within his Department.
There has also been a large increase in the piice
of such articles, and the increase in piice, espe-
cially abroad, makes it necessary, if this Agri-
cultural Department is to be fostered, that we
should make an increased appropriation.
Now, sir, of all the expenses of this Govern-
ment, I do not believe there is to be found any-
where an expenditure of £130,000 that is so use-
ful to the nation, and that carncs its benefits home
so completely to every man in the country, as the
appropriations for this Department.
I am sorry that my fiiend from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] who, I know, is always anxious for
economy, should strike at the agricultural in-
terest of the country. Let him strike at the law,
at the judiciary; let him strike anywhere else,
but I pray him spare the agriculturists. My con-
stituents are mainly agriculturists, and if there
is any one thing in which they feel more interest
than anything else connected with the Govern-
ment, it is this thing. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment of my friend from Vermont will not
prevail.
Mr. KASSON. I have examined with consid-
erable interest the items to which my friend from
Vermont objects. I have not sufficiently exam-
ined the operation of his amendment, however,
to know exactly ta what items it applies. But,
with the bill before the members of the commit-
tee, I will call attention to three or four items
which, in my judgment, may be safely modified
without detriment to the agricultural interests of
the country.
As is well known, sir, I represent a district al-
most as exclusively agricultural and as sincerely
and earnestly interested in the operations of this
Department as perhaps any other in the United
States. I have evei;y desire to make it effective,
and effective in the highest degree, and my vote
shall at all times be given to sustain it in a proper
degree of efficiency. But I now desire to call the
attention of the committee to two or three items
which, in my judgment, may be diminished, and
which, if my \iuws piove agreeable to the com-
mittee, will somewhat materially reduce the ag-
gregate of the appropriations for the Department
without impairing its efficiency.
In line six hundred and sixty-four of the bill, for
instance, you will find an itenifoi compensation of
clerks, draughtsmen, assistant chemist, translator,
messenger, &c., of £29,400. By turning to the esti-
mates, page G 1, you find that §3,000 of that is asked
for salary of a botanist, and £*2,000 for salary of an
entomologist. I propose to combine those two of-
ficesin one. A very admnublc and compctcntgen-
tleman, who is a professor in the Maryland Agri-
cultural College near us, has for some time past
been employed m the Agricultural Department,
and is one of (he most accomplished men I ever
knew in my life in connection with these subjects.
I propose, therefore, as he is competent for both
positions, that we combmc the offices of botanist
and entomologist at a salary of §2,000, and that
will reduce this item by $3,000.
The next item embraces, among other things,
an estimate of salary of translator at $1,200. I
found no difficulty in an Executive Department,
I am not aware that any other hasany difficulty,
in employing a clerk who is a German, a French-
man, a linguist, acquainted sometimes with three
or four languages, and employing him as clerk
with the occasional Service necessary for him to
render as translator. 1 found no difficulty m the
Executive Department with which I was connected
in procuring a clerk at anytime, when there was
a necessity for it, who could translate foreign lan-
guages. I propose, therefore, to leave the Agri-
cultural Depaitment at liberty to employ a clerk
acquainted with foreign languages, instead of mak-
ing an additional appropriation for a translator as
such. That will rcduce the item again $1,200. _
I find also on page 64 of the estimates an esti-
mate forsalaiyof disbursingclerk,§1,800. That,
I am confident—and it was clear to the minds of the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
—is unnecessary. The mistake of the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture arises from considering this
as a Department independent entirely ofthe De-
partment of the Interior: and from supposing^that,
like other Departments, he must have a disburs-
ing clerk, although his force is very small, and
can be paid by the existing machinery of the In-
terior Department. The office of disbursing cleik
is entirely unnecessaiy. Striking out this item
will reduce the appropriation again §1,800.
Parsing on tolinp six hundred and seventy of
the biil there is an item forcollecting agricultural
statistics. By turning to the same page of the
book of estimates, 64, you will find it stated in
this way: " For collecting agricultural statistics
in twenty-three loyal States, $23,000." This I
understand to be the collection of those statistics
which used to be published monthly by the Agri-
cultural Department, and which are useful. They
are now, however, published once in two months.
I submit to the better judgment of the committee
that probably $15,000 would be enough for the •
collection and printing of these statistics.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the gentleman from
Iowa mistaken as to the object of this appropna-?
tion ? Is not the appropriation of $23*000 de-
signed to pay authors for various articles fur-
nished to the agricultural report?
Mr. KASSON. 2 cannot state positively, ex-
cept that if it is so it is a misnomer; for these'
are essays on agriculture, while in the estimates
furnished the Commissioner styles it" for collect-
ing agricultural statistics in twenty-three loyal
States?"
Mr. HOLMAN. I was going to remark that
we used to appropriate $9,000 for the purpose of
paying for these agricultural essays, and I sup-
pose this was intended for that purpose.
Mr. KASSON. In whichever case it may be
considered, I submit to the committee that prob-
ably §15,000 would be sufficient to cover the rea-
sonable expenditure for this purpose during the
coming year. Many gentlemen are quite willing
to furnish these essays, as it is a mark of honor
to them, and. of general interest to the country
which they represent.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I hope the gen-
tleman from Iowa, if he proposes to move an
amendment to carry out his various propositions,
will leave that item separate from the rest. It
appears to me that it is a very important item for
the agricultural interests of the country, whereas
many of his other amendments are, I think, de-
cided improvements.
Mr. KASSON. I will cheerfully wait for that
purpose. I am now running over the bill to call
the attention of the committee to it as a whole,
not intending to take the fiooragain on the subject.
Passing to the next item, " for purchase of li-
brary, §5,000/' I believe the Committee of Ways
and Means was agreed, as stated by the gentle-
man from Vermont, that $1,000 would probably
meet the necessary demands for that purpose for
the coming year.
Then, "for the purchase of a laboratory," it
was deemed by me, and also by the Committee
of Ways and Means, I think, that the beneficial
cfleets of this were not so patent immediately as
to require us, in this time of war, to establish a
division of duty for pure experiments.
These are the items and the only items to which
[ have deemed it proper to call the special atten-
tion of the committee; and if the proposition of
the gentleman from Vermont shall fail, I shall ask
the committee, going over it item by item, to make
the changes, or most of them, which 1 suggest.
Mr. STEVENS. Before the question is taken
on substituting, it will be proper for my friend
from Iowa to move his amendments to peifect the
original bill, because the substitute may or may
not be agreed to. I believe that is parliamentary.
Mr. KASSON. I will remark that the entire
appropriation under this heading in this bill
amounts to about one hundred and fifty-five thou-
sand dollars. The estimates, if corrected as I pro-
pose, would effect a reduction of about twenty
thousand dollais in that amount, without, I think,
diminishing at all the efficiency of that Depart-
ment, which I, in common with others, would be
very reluctant to do. For the purpose of testing
the sense of the House, I will now move to amend
the firstitem ,to which I have referred, by inserting
in line six hundred and sixty-two, after the word
" botanist," the word " and," and by reducing
the appropriation from §11,000 to §9,000. The
paragraph then would read, " for compensation
of Commissioner of Agriculture, chief cleik, bot-
anist and entomologist, and chemist, $9,000."
Mr. THAYER. I understand that the appro-
priation which is now proposed is a very large
increase upon that of last year. I do not believe
that it is expedient at the picsent time to enlarge
the appropriations in any Department in which
necessity does not impotativeiy require it. I do
not perceive, for instance, why at a time like the
present, when the resources of the Government
are taxed to their utmost capacity, when every
possible means are resorted to for the purpose of
raising money to carry on the war, we should in-
dulge ourselves in the luxury for example of a
