1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ft
Mr. GRIMES. The question I understand now
to be on the-adoption of the substitute reported
from the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
questiofi.
Mr. GRIMES. As I shall be constrained to
record my vote against this proposition I wish in
one or two woids to state the reasons why I shall
do it.
So far as it was the intention of the select com-
mittee on the part of the Senate to alleviate the
condition of colored refugees or freedmen,I fully
sympathize with them. I desire to do, in my in-
dividual capacity and as a Senator, anything that
may be in my power to put them upon a better
footing than they are now. I have no doubt that
they have endured a great deal of suffering; and I
had supposed that this committee would present
to us a proposition in some tangible shape in
which we would be able to act upon this subject.
I do not think the committee thus far has pre-
sented a scheme that commends itself to the good
judgment of the Senate and the country, and I am
going to show why I think so.
As to the question whether this bureau, if estab-
lished, should be put under the charge of the War
Department or the Treasury Department, I have
not a word to say at present. Senators will ob-
serve, by reference to the firstsection of the sub-
stitute, that it provides—
- That an office is hereby created in the Treasury Depart-
ment to be called the Bureau of Freedmen, meaning there-
by such persons as have once been slaves.
There is no limit as to the time when they were
slaves. They may have been slaves and been
emancipated twenty-five years ago, but if they
were once slaves, under the provisions of this bill
they are subjected to the general superintendence,
which I understand to mean the general control
and management, of the bureau that is to be cre-
ated by the passage of this bill. Sir, 1 am not
prepared to vote that such a man as Robert Small,
who has performed as gallant an action as was
ever performed by any of our white officers or
soldiers or sailors, shall be put under the super-
intendence of the Secretary of the Treasury or of
any Commissioner of a Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Senator ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there one word in the bill
that compels him to go under any such superin-
tendence ?
Mr. GRIMES. I so infer.
Mr. SUMNER. Is he not declared to be a
free man ? Is he not as free as the Senator him-
self?
Mr. GRIMES. I think not; and I am going
-to try to convince the Senate that under this bill,
although in terms a freedman, he is not in fact
a freedman.
Mr. HOWE. I suspect the dispute between
the Senator from Iowa and the Senator from
Massachusetts, if there is any, arises from a
different construction of some clauses of this bill.
If the Senator will give way, I had marked prob-
ably some of the clauses which he- is about to
comment upon; and I intended to offer some
amendments, three I believe; and if the Senator
has no objection I should like to offer them now
to see if the committee will accept them. 1 think
if they are accepted they will do away with some
of the objections of the Senator to the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to hearing
what the Senator proposes to substitute as an
amendment. I think I can satisfy the Senate that
at present as the bill now stands,and as we are asked
to vote for it, it puts every colored man who was
ever a slave under the general superintendence of
the Commissioner at the head of tins bureau, who
is to act under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury. That is the provision of the fourth
section. .
Mr. SUMNER. Just, I take it, as the Senator
himself is under the superintendence of the police
of Washington.
Mr. GRIMES. No; he is not.
Mr. SUMNER. Is he not? Then the Sen-
ator is in an exceptional position. I take it that
we are all under the laws of the land
Mr GRIMES. I take it that the deputy po-
licemen are under the general superintendence
of the superintendent of police. What does he
superintend? Does he superintend the Senator,
the citizens, the males and females oi the city.
No; he'superintends the police who are put under
him as the superintendent.
Mr. SUMNER. He sees that the laws are in
force for the protection of every Senator, includ-
ing the Senator from Iowa and myself.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly.
Mr. SUMNER. And that is what the super-
intendent here is to do with regard to freediften.
Mr. GRIMES. IftheSenator would only ac-
company his bill with a commen tary upon it, so
that we should understand exactly whnt he meant
and what the Senate meant, there might be some-
thing practical in it; but without that commentary,
without that interpretation , I think there might be
a good deal of doubt as to what the bill meant;
not doubt in regard to this particular phrase, for
I think there cannot be any question as to what
is meant by this phras®, " shall have the general
superintendence of all freedmen." That means
thcgeneral control, the general management, the
general direction. More expressive.language could
not have been selected by this select committee
than they did select when they drew this fourth
section; and I think the sentiment of the Senate
is with me on that subject.
It will be observed that the colored men who
have once been slaves, as I have already said, no
matter what may be their present condition, no
matter where they are if they are included within
any one of the departments that the Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized to erect under the pro-
visions of this bill, are to be under the general
superintendence of the Secretary of the Treasury-
and of the Commissioner.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Like the Indians under
the Indian Bureau.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly. The second sec-
tion provides—
That the Commissioner shall have authority, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to create de-
partments of freedmen within the rebel States.
That section has been amended at my
tion so as to limit the number to two for each
State. Then he is authorized to appoint Assistant
Commissioners who are also limited to^four
With an annual salary of $2,000, to be appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and with authority to ap-
point local superintendents and clerks, so far as the same
may be needed.
It will be observed that there is no qualification
required on the part of these Assistant Commis-
sioners or the superintendents or the clerks who
are to be appointed and to act under them; there
is no obligation of an oath resting upon them; they
are not required to give bonds; they are not re-
quired anywhere in this bill to make a return of
anything that they may do.
Mr. SOMNER. Who?
Mr. GRIMES. None of these Assistant Com-
missioners,superintendents, or clerks. This bill
does not require a return from them to any supe-
rior officer as to what they may do or what they
may not do. They are not even, so far as 1 re-
member  . .
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken—
That the Commissioner shall, before the commencement
of each session of Congiess, make full report of ins pro-
ceedings to tile Secretary of the Treasury, who shall com-
municate the same to Congress. And the Assislant_Com-
missioncrs shall make quarterly repoits of their proceed-
in"? to the Commissioner, and aI*o such other special
reporis as from tune to tune may be required.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is that?
Mr. SUMNER.' In the very last section of
the bill. . , ,
Mr. GRIMES. I was mistaken about that.
The last section of the bill, which would appar-
ently indicate that it was an afterthought on the
part of the authors of the bill—- .
Mr. SUMNER. It was no afterthought.
Mr! GRIMES. By the last or tenth section of
the bill it is required that these Assistant Com-
missioners shall make returns to the Commis-
sioner quarterly, and the Commissioner is required
to make a report to Congress at the commence-
ment of each session. .
Mr. FOSTER. The superintendents and clerks
are not required to do it.
Mr.GRIMES. ThesuperintendentsandcieiKs
are required to execute no oath, no *|onds>.aml
make no returns. It will be observed also that
the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioneis,
although the money that is to be realized from
the renting of this property and the labor of these
freedmen has to pass through their hands, aie to
give no bonds;'there is to be, sd far asl am abie
to learn front the biliyno sort of restraint that can
•be exercised upon' them and no ptiW^r^—~
Mr. SUMM ER. The Assistant Commissioners
are to give bonds. The second- section ,'oir my
own motion, was amended In the yfcVeiith line by
introducing after the word " dollars" the words
''under bond as required for the chief clerk.''
Mr. GRIMES. Of what? "■ " :
Mr; SUMNER. Of the bureau, ft 'pro-
vided in the first section that the chief clerk'of
the bureau shall be "under bond to the United
States for the faithful discharge 6f his duties;"ar>d
then in the second section-iris provided that the
Assistant Commissioners shall be under the;same
bond. ,
Mr. GRIMES. I am glad the Senator has'
made some provision in that regard. I was not
aware that he had done it. It has been done since
the bill has been under consideration in the Sen-
ate. But the other officers named here and the
Commissioner himself are not required to give
bonds. They are not even required to swear to
support the Constitution of the United States.
The fourth section reads: , '
That the Commissioner, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, shall have thegeneral superintend-
ence of all freedmen throughout the several departments.
That is all there is material in that section.
The residue of the section is merely a stump
speech injected into it:
And it shall be bis duty especially to , watch aver the
execution of #11 raws, proclamations,, and military eiders
of emancipation, or in any way concerning freedmen, and
generally, by careful regulations, in the spirit of the Con-
stitution, to protect these persons in the enjoyment of their
rights, to promote their welfare, and to secure to them and
their posterity the blessings of liberty.
AH there is in thatsection that is material isthe
besto wment upon this Commissioner of an unlim-
ited control and power and superintendenceof all
the freednrten who may be found at the time of the
passage of this act within the several departments
that may be created by the Secreta'ry of theTreas-
ury.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator indicate one
word of unlimited control and power? ,
Mr. GRIMES. I should suppose that the
words " general superintendence ' meant general
power.
Mr. SUMNER. .Does it convey any power of
control over them? Is it not a superintendence
for their protection, for their improvement?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 apprehend there is not a man
within the sound of my voice, save the Senator
from Massachusetts, who does not entertain the
opinion that I express. What is meant w hen we
create a superintendent of Indian affairs. Do we
not bestow upon that superintendent the control
of the Indians within the jurisdiction to which we
limit him?
Mr. SUMNER. For then* protection.
Mr. GRIMES. For their protection and their
government, for protecting them one tribe from
another, for settlingdifficulties that may arise be-
tween the agents of the respective tribes that are
within their superin tendency, seeing that no harm
befalls the Indians, and that the Indians perpe-
trate no harm upon the white man. When the
Senator incorporates into his bill a phrase that
has received by the common consent of the coun-
try and of our courts an interpretation, we mast
conclude that he intends to mean exactly the in-
terpretation that that phrase has hitherto received.
The fifth section reads:
That the Assistant Commissioners shall have authority,
within their respective departments, to take possession of
all abandoned real estate and all real estate, with the houses
thereon—
I do not exactly know how that was intended
to be punctuated— „ -
liable to sale or confiscation, or to any claim of title by the
United States,and uotalrcady appropriated to Government
uses-rand al o to take possession of all personal property
found on such estate, and to rent oi leasei real ^
tate, or *uiy part thercol, with the personal property mere
on, and to act as inspectors, of tiio same.
Why, Mr. President, the most extraordinary
powers are conferred upon these Assistant Com-
missioners, who are not required, as I ^ai Ibe-
fore, to take an oath, who are not requned to
eXMr.'sUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
they are required to executea bond.
The PRESIDENT pro i*"?0™-, T1,e. Cll8t"
will suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts
