1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April BO,
Indiana would, degrade, and sink, and treat differ-
ently from those who, when they are taken, are
.treated as prisoners of war and their lives spared.
Sir, I will make no distinction. If black men,
knowing, as they do, their greater peril, willcon-
■ seat to fight at our sides, die in our stead, and
save oar brethren and sons and fathers from
; slaughter, although I would make no distinction
in pay and rations, yet I cannot fail to-award to
them equal, if not more, honor than to those who,
from, their social position and the certainty of
their position when they go into battle, have more
inducements to defend their country. If there is
to be arty distinction anywhere, it should be in
favor of the black man.
Does the gentleman from Indiana pretend that
these colored soldiers, who have already appeared
in arms and fought, have not fought as gallantly
and died as freely as our own white brethren?
The records of all battles in which they have
been engaged would give him the lie if he dared
to say so. At Port Hudson, at Fort Wagner,
and wherever they have been engaged, the uni-
form testimony is that they have been no less
gallant, no less brave, no less faithful, than the
white men who fought by their side. And yet
this infamous and degrading distinction is sought
to be kept up between men who thus fight and
thus die and the white soldiers. Let not this na-
tion for a moment sanction it. Let it notgo forth
as the opinion of this House that the black man
•.or the red man or any other man who bears our
arms and fights for our liberty is not to be treated
like every other man. But the gentleman says
we are discriminating against the white man. He
thinks so, no doubt, but he thinks a thing that
is not. There is no such discrimination any-
where. By the section under consideration we
put, from the 1st of January,all men ofall colors,
black and white, married and unmarried, upon
precisely the same footing. We do not legislate
in regard to their families nor with regard to their
wives.
1 heard it said here, much to my astonishment,
that the reason why we should not give black
men the same chance with white men is because
by some of their infernal laws the black man who
is married to a black woman is not married, but
that the marriage is a nullity, and those infernal
laws, which ought to be scouted by every Chris-
tian man, are brought.forward here as an excuse
for not treating the black man as we treat the
white man.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not attribute any such view as
-that to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not attribute that lan-
guage to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. GANNON. 1 presume the gentleman re-
fers to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I refer to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. GANSON. 1 made that point upon the
subject of reserving a portion of the money ap-
propriated to the soldiers for the suppoit of these
women and children, and I did it for tiie reason
that they had not a legal claim upon the head of
the family, under the law as it exists.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the gentleman was not
speaking to the amendment. The amendment
had no reference to that, nor did the gentleman
move any such amendment.
Mr. GANSON. My colleague from New York
informed mc that there was such a provision in
this bill; but he now says, after examining the
matter, that it is in another bill. I should have
moved it if I had supposed it was not m this bill,
because i think it is apioper provision, and 1
think the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania concurs
with me on that point.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no doubt it might bo
proper to have a provision by which a ceitain
portion should be reserved, not because they are j
their wives and children, but because they are less
provident in attending to them; and for the fur-
ther reason that while at home the cities, towns,
and townships make provision for white men's j
wives, they make none for black men's wives.
But, sir, why does the gentleman from Indiana
say that we discriminate in favor of the black
man? Because, he says, that in these contraband
camp* we support the wives of these hlnrk sol-
diers independent of their pay. Sir, 1 know not
how that is. i do know that they art act to woik
and expected to pay their way, and I do know
further that regulations have been made by which
the contrabands who are soldiers contribute a por-
tion of their pay to the support of their families.
There is no such discrimination. It is a false
position; undoubtedly an innocent mistake of the
gentleman from Indiana, who wants to get up a
clamor that we are discriminating against white
men.- We are attempting to put both classes upon
a perfect equality in our Army, and the gentle-
man mistakes the American heart when he says
that this will be looked upon abroad in the coun-
try with disgust and dislike.
I remember when first the question was raised
in this Hall about arming black men how scenes
occurred far worse than the scene we have wit-
nessed here to-day. All sides were a little tainted
then with the miasma—well I do not know what
to call it, but it was said that it would not do,
and I remember it was said upon this flcror that
a distinguished gentleman from Illinois, General
Logan, had stated that his soldiers would lay
down their arms if negroes were enlisted. He
may have said so, but I do know that that same
gentleman a year and a half ago took the stump,
in company with Adjutant General Thomas, and
traversed the valley of the Mississippi, making
speeches in favor of the liberation of the slaves
and of arming them against their masters. I do
know that, for I have seen his speeches, and have
heard him say that his whole view was changed,
that no soldiers fought better than the negroes,
and that there was no prejudice against them in
the Army.
Mr. GANSON. I would ask the gentleman
if ho has a piovision in this bill opening the door
to the promotion of colored soldiers? I under-
stand that under the existing regulations they do
not commission any of these black soldiers. I
would like to know why that discrimination is
made?
Mr. STEVENS. There is nothing relating to
that question m this bill. We have not deemed
it imperative to make any provision on that sub-
ject. We leave it to the sound discretion of a
veiy discteet Executive.
Mr. GANSON. Who is the person to whom
the gentleman alludes ?
Mr. STEVENS. A person the gentleman has
heard of and will hear of again for four or five
-years to come. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, 1 do not want to go on and discuss
this question. I remember that when I first moved
something of this kind in this House it got but
thirty votes. That day, thank God, has passed.
The day of libeity, of universal liberty, has
dawned upon the country, and, thank God, it is
growing brighter and brighter and will be until
no man will rise here and talk about " stealing"
his property in slaves. Men will be ashamed
that they ever had anything to do with the insti-
tution.
The reason why negroes heretofore have been
allowed but ten dollars a month is because the
Department has misconstrued the law. We
passed an act in 1802 authorizing the President to
employ conUabands. We did it very gingerly.
We had to wrap it up in such a way that the gen-
tleman fiom Indiana could not use it before his
constituents. [Laughter.] We did not say that
they should be used as soldiers at all. We au-
thorized the Executive to employ them in and
about the Army m such way as he might deem
best, and pay them ten dollars a month. That
was not making soldiers of them. We intended
that, but we only referred then to the contrabands
' who came over, and who were to be employed
I and paid ten dollaib a month, and then out of that
: amount the cost of th'-ir clothing was deducted,
, and three dollars moio was deducted fur some
, fund—1 do not know what it is called. J3ut I
| never supposed tin n that if we went on to arm
: the free people of color they weie not to be put
upon the_ same footing with the whites. That
; lav/ was intended to apply only to contiabands,
; who could not complain considering the gieat
! boon they received m their freedom. "But the
! Department construed that law to apply to every
i eoloied soldier who was enlisted, which was a
! great wrong.
I Now, sir, the Committee of Ways and Means
j propose to go :> little furtherthan the Senate, and
j we have provided m a subsequent amendment
! that where iiecuiun have bten enlisted, no matter
when, their pay and emoluments shall referto the
time of their enlistment; and where contrabands
are enlisted we deduct from them the bounty,
supposing that their freedom is a sufficient equiv-
alent for the bounty. I think that these provis-
ions ought to he made. I admire the conduct of
the fifty-fourth Massachusetts regiment, which,
when it was offered by the government of that
State the difference of pay between ten and thir-
teen dollais a month refused to take it from the
State government; and I am informed that they
never have received it to this day. Can the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] inform
me how that is r
Mr. DAWES. They have never received it.
Mr. STEVENS. And when Massachusetts,
with her usual liberality, offered to make up the
difference, and pay it to those who marched from
her soil and under her banner, they refused, with
a magnanimity and a spirit which would do credit
even to the men of Indiana, to take it; and they
refuse to take it to this day, and 1 honor them for
that. I beg pardon of the House for saying so
much on this subject.
CHARGES AGAINST TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Messrs. Garfield, Wilson, Brooks,
Davis of Maryland, Stuart, Fenton, Dawson,
Jenckes, and Steele of New Jersey, a special
committee under the resolution adopted to-day
for investigating charges against the Treasury
Department.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL—-AGAIN".
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to modify my amend-
ment by increasing the soldiers'pay to eighteen
dollars a month.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, the fact that we
are at this late day discussing the proposition be-
fore us, that of giving equal pay, rations, cloth-
ing, and arms to all our soldiers without regard
to their complexion, is pregnant evidence of the
terrible weight of prejudice which has clouded
the judgment and conscience of the American
people. It, however, gives us hope that that prej-
udice is disappearing, and that peace wdl soon
come to our country and prosperity thenceforth
abide within its borders. But for our pride of
race and prejudiceagamstcolor we would not now
be providing the means to carry on a war. I allude
not to the fatal truth that despots in the South
and demagogues i^ the North fostered this prej-
udice, and found in it the means of inducing a
people devoted to personal liberty to acquiesce in,
and m some instances to battle foi the extension of
the area and the perpetuation of human slavery.
No, sir, I pass by the question of the cause of the
war, and say that but for our unchristian con-
tempt for the colored race we would now be at
peace; that the authority of our Government
would have long since been reestablished over all
our territory; or that if the spirit of the rebel-
lion had still required to be repressed by the pres-
ence of military power, an army of disciplined
freedmen would have relieved the men of the
North of the duty of maintaining it,and permitted
them to return to their families and the profitable
avocations of peaceful life. Has not our preju-
dice furnished men, money, and supplies to our
enemy, while enfeebling our Army, restraining it
from action, and paralyzing a large part of our na-
val power ? The cry that the war was no longer
for the Constitution, but had been perverted into
a war for the negro, has had but little influence in
preventing brave and loyal men from rallying
" round the flag."
I allude not to that mere hiss of a venomous
serpent, but to the fact that but for this pervii^ing
and controlling prejudice we would have long
since diawn from the laborers of the South an
ai my of three hundred thousand men. This prej-
udice it was that prevented the countiy from de-
j manding of the President an early proclamation
i promising freedom and protection to all loyal puo-
! pie of the South who might make their way to
our lines, and aims to such as would enter our
service. The demoniac howl that went forth at
Fiemont's order was but an expression of the
prejudice the prevalence of which made Came-
ron's proposition to arm slaves impracticable and
constrained the disbanding of the regiment of col-
ored men enlisted by General Hun'er In tluw
days men would rather die or give their sons vic-
tims to the pestilential awump or battle-field than
