1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19W
accept the idea that the negro was fit to be a free-
man or a soldier. Congress, slowly escaping
from this prejudice, halted in its great duty, and
our good and sagacious President could not see a
" military necessity" in a measure which he was
led to believe would demoralize the Army and ar-
restenlistmcnts. Meanwhile the men who would
so gladly have earned their freedom'by serving
us were coffied and driven South to raise supplies
for the rebel army,to laborin forge and foundry,
to dig trenches and rear breastworks, and to man
guns aimed at those whose presence among them
they were ready to hail as a Heaven-granted bless-
Sir, the sailor who enters our Navy gets no
bounty. He accepts the chance for prize money
as its fair equivalent; yet a few weeks ago we
passed an act authorizing the transfer to the Navy
of twelve thousand soldiers to whom we had
given Government and municipal bounties. It
was not that they could be spared from the Army;
for while the measure was under consideration,
or about that time, the President issued a call for
two hundred thousand more soldiers. 1 marked
the coincidence, and thought that God was thus
teaching us the folly, the stupid, wicked folly of
yielding to that prejudice which gentlemen on
the other side of the House are now striving so
ingeniously to exasperate. At the time we passed
that act the press of the country was denouncing
the inefficiency of the blockade and proclaiming
the relative cheapness and abundant supply of
foreign goods in confederate ports, and steamers
and monitors which might have made the block-
ade effective lay at rented wharves in northern
ports, the Department being unable to procure
sailors to man them. No one will deny that the
negro makes a good sailor. He seems to have a
natural aptitude for the profession. You find him
in the merchantmen of all nations, and he is wel-
comed by officers and men on all our national ves-
sels. In this branch of the service negroes have
always been employed, and our naval rccords
vindicate them abundantly from the charge of cow-
ardice with which honorable gentlemen on this
floor so meanly asperse them. They constituted
a large part of every crew our Department sent
forth m the war of 1812, and their courage, as the
records prove, did much to add that effulgence to
the stars of our flag m the light of which the
" meteor flag of England" paled and grew dim.
iriad we welcomed the slaves of the South to our
service, and treated them as men, the fails of our
ships would not have Happed idly at city wharves
and our country suffered because they were not
filled by the free winds of the ocean. When will
we learn that the justice of God permits no wrong
to go unpunished?
History, it is said, reproduces itself. We speak
of coincidences in history, and are often reminded
that on the 19th of April, in two great national
eras, Massachusetts blood was shed at the open-
ing of great wars; and 1 may take the liberty, in
the course of this discussion, of reminding the
House that the first blood shed in each era was
that of a negro. The first that flowed in Massa-
chusetts was prior to that which sanctified the
plains of Lexington. It was the life-blood of
Peter Attucks, a negro man, who died leading a
Boston mob against British soldiery; and, as I
had occasion to suggest to the House last even-
ing, before the blood of Massachusetts had dyed
the streets of Baltimore that of a negro man,
Nicholas Biddle, hastening with less than five
hundred volunteers from Pennsylvania to the de-
fense of this capital, had stained the streets of
that city through which the little column marched.
It may be a mere coincidence; but these cer-
tainly are facts which it becomes a body of legis-
lators, who profess to believe that " all men are
created equal," to bear in mind. They are facts
which should have done something to remove the
prejudice which has cursed us so heavily, espe-
cially within the last three years, almost u&heav-
ily, indeed, as it has cursed the five million col-
oitd Americans against whom it operates.
The gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr. Holmast]
tells us that he does not think that negro troops
ou2;ht ever to have been enlisted. Sir, does he
{Hill think that the rebellion would have been
feebler with twelve million people to sustain it
than we have found it with but eight millions?
Does he believe that it were better to-day that the
one hundred and thirty thousand negro soldiers
who are in arms to fight the rebels should bc in
arras to fight our sons and brothers and friends?
I ask him to explain whether his sympathies are
with the white men in the North or aie with the
rebels in arms against their country. Why
should these one hundred and thirty thousand
fighting men be handed over to the other side, or
be deducted from our strength? There is not, sir,
in the ranks of our Army a soldier who will agree
with the gentleman from Indiana. There is not
a mother at home,praying nigh^and morning for
the welfare of her first boy on the field, who does
not thank God that there are in the Army with
him one hundred and thirty thousand men whom
the gentleman from Indiana would transfer to the
enemy, or doom to inaction. There is nota man
who loves his country who wdl not arraign the
patriotism of one who would strike such a force
from our ranks, whether he would absolutely
hand it over to the enemy or not. They ought
not to have been enlisted, says the gentleman; and
they have not been used so as to protect our sol-
diers. Ah 1 sir, if his son or brother be in the
Army, or if the sons and brothers of his friends
are there, they will rejoice that the honors of Mil-
hken's Bend, Port Hudson, Fort Wagner, and
Olustee were won by colored regiments, and not by
those to which they were attached. Whose blood
would the gentleman from Indiana have desired
to see shed there ? Will he tell his constituents
that the men from his district should have kept
the negro safe fiom the batteries of Wagner and
Hudson and Olustee ? Will he go into his district
and complain that they were not Indiana troops
who were hacked to death,crucified,and burned
in Fort Pillow ? No, sir, he will not so argue to
his constituents. When he confronts them on
this subject he will cavil, he will qualify, he will
explain, he will protest that the report which will
go forth is garbled; that in his opinion it is well
to use the negro to save the white man; that he
rejoices that other men, men of darker hue than
his friends and constituents, were put into the im-
minent deadly breach on those occasions.
It is well that we have enlisted these men.
They have been used for the protection of white
men, for the protection of the white man's Gov-
ernment, for the protection of the white man's
flag, and when so used have fought gloriously
m the hope of removing from the mind and heart
of the white men of America, who have mind
and heart, that prejudice which while it has op-
pressed them has cursed those whom it has con-
trolled.
Sir, when it was talked of enlisting negro sol-
diers we were told on the other side of the
House that it would reduce our great army—
then under command of General McClellan—to
the condition of Falstalf's ragged corps; that
white soldiers would lay down their arms; that
the announcement that we would permit negroes
to bear arms would assure the success of the re-
bellion by a general exhibition of treason and
desertion on the part of our armies. They were
fools or traitors who believed that the hatred of
our soldiers of the negro was more intense than
their love of their country.
Tell me, you, or any of you who witnessed the
passage of jburn&ide's splendid corps through this
city the other day, whether you wished those
eight thousand stalwajtmen of African descent
were not in the Army. Tell me whether, as
they marched down the broad streets, crowds of
the wounded and maimed soldiers of the veteran
reserve corps did not cheer them on. Tell me
which of you did not admire the cheerfulness
with which they marched toward the field which
has been so fatal to those of their race who have
been permitted to precede them. Tell me whether
picked men from all your States are not ready to
take command among them, i do not believe
that able and tried soldiers are anxious to move
at the head of a column of cowards, and I know
that in our Philadelphia school for the instruction j
of officers for these regiments the gentleman's j
State is largely represented by men who are used i
to the whistling of the rifle-ball and the boom and j
roar of the cannon. Two, at least, of the Indiana j
soldiers who graduated there had received the I
sanguinary baptism of battle at Pea Ridge. j
The gentleman talks about the courage of these j
people, and doubts it. Sir, has he slept from the !
beginning of this war? Has he read no page of
martial history? lie says thry will degrade our I
Army. Will he tell us what influence the Tur-.
cos have exercised upon the armies of France?
Will he tell us what influence the Sepoys have'
exercised upon the army of Great Britain?- WflV
he enlighten us as to the complexion of the British,"
French, and Dutch armies in the West.Indies?,
They are negroes, negroes all. And, sir, it is
impossible to conceive that mere ignorance- or
prejudice against the negro alone would exclude
him from our Army and Navy. The oppositions
to this measure, conceal the fact as gentlemen may,
springs from sympathy with the rebellion or bltntl
devotion to human slavery. It is. a shrewd de-
vice by which it is hoped to impose such giiev-
ous burdens upon the .people of the North as will
make them yield to suggestions Qf-peace. Itcan
come from no other motive than Ipve of slavery
or sympathy with the so-called confederacy.
Mr. Speaker, the men of this era of whom the
poet will sing in highest strains, the men whom
the orator will most eulogize, the men 4n this
grand civil war of whom the historian will write
his most glowing panegyrics, are the negro sol-
diers of the loyal Army. I never see a wounded
soldier thatl do nothonorhim. I cannot behold
a column of citiaen soldiers moving over yonder
budge or embarking for the field of' baule with*
out the tenderest emotions. I read' th'e story ot
the battle-fields enriched by the blood of the cul-
tivated, beautiful, and brave, and my heart swells
with pride as I contemplate the gallantry of our
countrymen. But white men fight for their coun-
try, for the glorious traditions of their ancestors, -
for their homes, their wives, and their children.
Not so with the poor negro of the southern States'.
He has no country, and wanting that, lacks all
else.
I hail it as a sign of progress that gentlemen
on the other side of the House talk to-day of a
slave's wife and children. Oh 1 have three years
brought you so far forward that you behold in
the mother of a slave's child a woman and a
possible wife ? Have three years of terrible war
brought you so far forward that in that little
breathing, immortal being you see the child and.
not the chattel ? Who will deny that we are mak-
ing progress? It may be slow, but when you ad-
mit that they are wife and child it sh-ows that
some little progress has been made where, judg-
ing by the light of experience, it would be least
expected.
Sir, I found in a paper from my city, the P> ess
of yesterday, the story of the death of one with
whom I played in the earliest days of my child-
hood of which memory has a hold. We were
then younger than the light-haired child that
stands by the corner of the Clerk's desk. He
grew to manhood an elegant gentleman; he was
skilled in art and gifted with a rare voice, and a
proficient in music. His education was liberal,
and his manners and tone those of a gentleman.
In early manhood he found admission to society
from which his wife and sisters, who, though
worthy, well educated, and well bred as he, were
excluded. They could suggest that their father
was a soldier of the revolutionary army and
had endured the horrors of the British prison-
ship, and point with just pride to his high stand-
ing as a man of enterprise and probity during
the many years in which he was a leading sail-
maker of what was then the first commercial
port of the country; and they could speak of the
incidents of foreign travel; but they were, in the
estimation of people like the gentleman fiom In-
diana, incapable of the courtesies of life, and of a
race that is deficient in courage. To escape from
degradation he went to London and engaged in
business, and was prosperous. I ask the Clerk to
read why he returned, where he is, and how he
was borne thither.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" A Soldier's Funfral.—The military escort whico
surrounds the hearse, bearing through our streets to the
giavethe body of one who has died m the service of his
commy, liae familiarized the people with the last form erf'
re-pect that is given to a soldiers memory. Yesterday,
military ceremonies and honors were paid lor the fiis?t time
in tins city to the leinauu* ot a colored man. The body
of Robert Bridges Foiten, late seigount major ioity-thud
regiment United Btates colored tioop>, was deposited in
the family vault in the cemetery attached to St. Thomas's
chinch, Fifth below Walnut street, with military honors.
Sixteen of his late comrades, commanded by a seigeant,
foimed the funeral c: coit, and fiied the three voih-ys of
musketry over Ins grave presciibed by the Army regula-
tion.-.
Sergeant Major Forten was the son of the late James
