1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
for its various sections, than it would be for pri-
vate individuals throughout the country to do it.
The common farmer cannot run all over Europe
to select what seeds and plants are adapted to his
section of the country. It can be much more
easily done by the Government itself. The dis-
tubution of these things is of great benefit to the
country. It tends to increase the agricultura1 prod-
ucts of the country, instead of leaving our lands
to deteriorate and wear out, until finally we shall
have to emigrate to some other country.
It does seem to me that this amendment to re-
duce the appropriation is wrong, and as a farmer
I appeal to the House not to neglect the farming
interest of the country, but to aid and assist it by
all possible and legitimate means.
Mr. K ASSON. The gentleman from Kentucky
is no more anxious for the success of this Depart-
ment than I am, and I have hitherto always found
myself voting with him to promote its efficiency.
But I desire to call his attention to the specific
points suggested by me, and to inquire of him in
reference to the first amendment now before the
committee,why weshould notemploy agentleman
now in the Agricultural Department who is both
botanist and entomologist for the present in that
combined capacity, and thus save $2,000 in that
one item? That i£ the practical point. I will
vote to employ both officers if it be necessary for
the efficiency of the Department, but if he knows
of any reason why one man should not discharge
the duties of botanist and entomologist, I should
be glad to be enlightened.
Mr. CLAY. 1 will answer the gentleman by
saying that the business of a botanistis quite dif-
ferent from that of an entomologist. 1 do not
know whether the knowledge of the two sciences
is combined in any one man, and hence I do not
know whether it is practicable or not.
Mr. KASSON. I am acquainted with a man
who is familiar with both subjects. I have seen
his drawings, and I know that you cannot find
two men whom you can employ at a combined
salary of $4,000 who would be more competent
to do the work than the one gentleman who is
now in the office.
I know also that the subjects of botany and
entomology run together. The character of the
vegetables and the character of the insects that
destroy them in agricultural practice, and the prac-
tical benefits to agriculture, run together, and if
we have a man who can discharge the duties of
both offices, why should we pay $2,000 extra for
what you are now getting for $2,000?
Mr. MORPJLL. Mr. Chairman, if there is
one thing more than another that I thank God
for, it is that I am not compelled here to make a
speech or a motion for buncombe. I am ready
to trust my foitunes with my constituents in re-
lation to any votes that I give or any motions that
I make here. I know they are not to be deceived
by professions of peculiar friendship expressed
by gentlemen on the one side of the House or the
other, and they know the difference between a
modeiate sum economically expended and a large
sum squandered. They know the difference be-
tween spending $150,0UU on office-holders here
and an expenditure which gives them a substan-
tia! benefit.
I am sincerely desirous that we shall confine
this appropriation to the same amount which was
appropriated last year, and m order to do that I
have excluded from my amendment many items
that are m the punted bill. Toko, for instance,
the item for a chemist. The original bill organ-
izing this buieau only provided for the employ-
ment of a chemist from time to time, and there is
none now in the Department. If we employ a
chemist at all, one month's service in the year of
the chemist will be enough for the requirements
of the Department. Nobody will pretend that a
chemist can be constantly and profitably em-
ployed. A iepetition of the stale experiment of
making suoarfrom the sirup of sorghum is no
longer needed.
Now, take the question of entomologist. We
have an employe who also renders outside service
as a professor.* The whole amount of his work
is for himsHf, and notfor the Government. The
chief of the Department was befoie the Committee
of Ways and Means, as the chairman has stated;
and, on inquiry, we found that this professor had
made drawings and submitted them to the chief.
He showed how handsome they were, but on the
first inquiry we found that the United States were
to have no property at all in the plates, and that
they were to be engraved for his own private use
hereafter.
Now,take this item of §23,000 for agricultural
statistics. There is not a farmer in my country
who would not furnish all the statistics of which
he is possessed without any charge at all. I be-
lieve it is so throughout the whole country. If
that item be appropriated, it will be expended for
something more than is expressed in the bill. I
do not see that anything but postage is here re-
quired. As has been already stated, we have ap-
propriated for a deficiency in this Department.
In ordinary times, were a deficiency to occur of
this character in a civil Department of the Gov-
ernment, I should consider the chief of that De-
partment deserving of impeachment. Whatbusi-
ness has the head of the Agricultural Department
to go on and expend thousands of dollars without
any authority of law?
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to ask my colleague
on the committee whether there is a single De-
partment of the Government that does not every
year ask for deficiencies?
Mr. MORRILL. In time of war it may be
necessary for the War Department or the Navy
Department, and, possibly, for some other De-
partment, to spend more than the amount ap-
propriated; and if so, they are to come up to us
and give us the facts in regard to it. If we ap-
prove of the facts, we then make the appropria-
tion. But have we had any facts in relation to the
excess of expenditure in this Department? Do
we know that we appropriate now for all that has
been expended by that Department? I take it
not. If public rumor is correct we do not. Do
we not know that there are several thousand dol-
lars of debt existing now against -this Govern-
ment in France, which has been repudiated, and
through the non-payment of which our Govern-
ment has been dishonored ? If aDepartmenthke
this may go on and make any expenditures it
chooses, regardless of appropriations, we may
as well have Congress abolished. I voted for the
creation of this Agricultuial Department, and I
need not undertake to sustain my fiiendship for
it. But in order that the Dupartmentshould live
and be sustained, it must be correctly organized
and properly carried on. Extravagance will kill
it,and ought to kill it.
There are other items in this bill. Thereisone
of §5,000 for the purchase of a laboratory. That
I conceive to be wholly unnecessary. There is
one now in the office, which I believe is sufficient.
Mr. CLAY. Will the gentleman allow me to
corrcct him ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. CLAY. The Agricultural Department has
no laboratory whatever.
Mr. MORRILL. There is one there.
Mr. CLAY, j t belongs to a private individual,
who has it under lock and key.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 was introduced to it by
the head of the Department as part of his appara-
tus, in which he appeared to take pride. It ap-
peared to be under his control.
Then, for this new experimental garden on
reservation No. 2, over here by the monument,
I take it that we do not want to plow up that
field and go to the vast expense of having another
propagating garden. I hope the committee will
reach a proper decision on this subject and cut
down the appropriation to £90,000. This is ex-
clusive of the expense the Department may incur
m the way of printing. They go to the public
printing office, as boys go to their mothei's but-
ter}', whenever they want labels, printing, bind-
ing, oranythingelse in that line, and I understand
that the cost of the publication of the statistics of
last year is §11,000 or over. But I believe th&t
is consistent with the practice of all the Depart-
ments, and therefore, until corrected by law, per-
haps it ought not to be blamed.
Mr. J. O. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, repre-
senting, as I do, a peculiarly agricultural district,
1 must protest most solemnly against the efforts
of the<gent!eman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrili.,]
and other gentlemen on that side of the House,
to commence their system of economy where the
agricultural interests of the country commence.
They sit in their seats and vote away thousands
on thousands of dollars, without stopping to in*
quire as to the necessity; but when the great agri-
cultural interest is touched, the great interest on
which every other interest in the country depends,
they are seized withaspiritof economy, and they
spend more time in discussing an appropriation
for a few thousand dollars than it is all worth.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Vermont pro-
poses to save to this Government $60,000 by cut-
ting down the appropriations of the Agricultural
Department. It is a considerable sum of money
to an individual—alarge amount—but it would not
put a regiment into the field, nor would it pay the
expenses of the Government half an hour-, and yet
we are detained for a considerable length of time
in the discussion of a question which strikes di-
rectly at thegreat agricultural interest, upon which
every other interest of the country depends.
Gentlemen may think aboutthe subject as they
please, they may talk as they please about the
establishment of this Agricultural Department;
sir, that branch of the Government has aone great
seivice to the agricultural interests. We are in-
debted to itfor much of the progress we have made
in agriculture. We are indebted to it for the in-
troduction of sorghum into the country, an article
of vast importance to the people. We are indebted
to it for the introduction of many other experi-
ments in agriculture, without which the agricul-
tural interests of the country would not exhibit
their present prosperity. Shall we stick then at
an appropriation of a few thousand dollars for the
purpose of continuing these experiments and car-
rying on this great work, without which every
other interest of the country would suffer, and
upon which the prosperity ofthccountry so much
depends ? If the gentleman had shown a spirit of
economy the day before yesterday, when he sat
silently and voted §450,000 into the pockets of
Jay Cooke & Co. for fees, we might have had
more faith in his sincerity when he now, under
the pretext of economy, wishes to strike down the
great agricultural interests of the country.
Mr. URINNELL. I believe the suggestions
of my colleague [Mr. Kasson] are worthy of being
consideied. I believe we can save a few thou-
sand dollars without detriment to the agricultural
interests of the country by amending this bill, and
I hope we shall do it.
I do not share in the censorious feelings of the
gentleman over the way, [Mr. J. C. Allen,] who
upon most subjects seems to be in favor of econ-
omy. I am good-natured rather than otherwise
upon this subject, and upon all others, to-day. I
have heard from the old Granite State, as I pre-
sume the gentleman has, and it may be that ac-
counts forhis bad feeling. The soldiers, too, have
heard from New York, and there is good cheer
among them, for the Empire State has spoken in
behalf of their rights. But I do not propose to
discuss politics in connection with this matter.
If we can so amend this bill as without detri-
ment to the agricultural interest of the country to
save a few thousand dollars, I do not see why it
should not be done.
I'am opposed, however, to reducing the appro-
priations for the collection of statistics. I want
to give the farmer and the producer who cannot
in any other way obtain this information an op-
portunity to receive whatever information this
Department can afford in reference to the produc-
tion of corn, wheat, pork, cattle, and whatever is
produced.
These monthly reports which have gone out
from this Department have proved of great value
to the producers of the country; and I am not in
favor of curtailing the Department in their opera-
tions in this regard. But if we can put the botanist
and the entomologist, for instance, into one office,
and so tave a couple of thousand dollars, i am de-
cided ly m favor of it, and I am not able to join
m the censure which has been cast upon the gen-
ii tieman from Vermont for his proposed economy
11 m that direction. I believe he is just as sincere
11 a friend of the agricultural interest as the gentle-
!i man from Illinois or any other gentleman; and
while I would not do anything to strike down
this great interest of the country, I see no reason
|l why we should not curtail the expenses of this
i| Department if it can be done without injury to it.
Mr. STEVENS. If gentlemen will persist in
this debate I shall be compelled to move that the
committee rise for the purpose of terminating it.
