THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
Forton,so long and so favorably known in thi^community, j
especially to tho merchants and mariners of our eit>. lie
wjti libei'ally educated. Foi sevetal year-- p v*t lie resuhd
in London, and was a commercial agent for ;iu extensive
stationery house in the Poultry. On observing that Hie
Government had summoned the colored mee to aim?, and
Was organizing a coioi ed army for the defense of the Union
and the salvation of iibeity itself, he at onec eaiiceU-d his
Internets en^iijeinonN hi England aud hastened to tins his
native city to offer his services to hi < country. Finding that
by the e.us-ting laws he could not be commi.ssioned an
officer to command colored troops, though qualified by ed-
ucation and peculiarly fitted by general character for such
n responsible position, he resolved to enlist as a private.
When eomirielud to reflect again on his determination, and
advised ih.U his age, about fifty year:*, made it doubtful
whether he could undergo the fatigues and piivations of
the service, that his education was vastly superior to his
lcllmv-<oldM*r$, that his habit* ami associations were strik-
ingly dissimilar, and that no consideration or allowance
could be given to these peculiarities, lie repli.ed that the
reasons nwd why lie should not go into the service, with
the exception oftheone regardinahisaije, were incentives
for him Jo volunteer. His country, he said,asked hercol-
oied ehildten to rally to her defense, and those of them
who bad been blessed with education should be foremost
in re-ponding to the call. Actuated by these patriotic mo-
tives, he eylisted in the torty-thud legiment, in which his
tal<-nl  were soon remaiked, and he wn? made scigcant
major. Me was soon detailed on special seiviee and or-
dei< d to report to Colonel S.iVT. Bowman, chief UMstemig
and reenwintj oNtcer for coloied troops for the State of
Man,lan<f. lie entered into the business of recruiting in
tbat'State with intense zeal, and showed ability of the
highi'-t order, in the many speeches he made to the col
ored men of Baltimore, and by his logic, bis eloquence,
and his example, he largely contributed to the great suc-
cess which hu> attended Colonel Bowman's efforts to raise
colored tioop< in Maiylaud. That officer, in reporting to
tho Philadelphia supervisory committee, commended liim
as a soldn-r and a gentleman. Impelled by zealous devo-
tion to the eaiw: of Ins race and his country, iie exerted
hmiM'li beyond his powers ot endurance, and, when at-
tacked by Mekue.ss, it was soon seen that his prolonged la-
bors had undeimined his constitution. He died suddenly
with erysipelas. Me leaves a wife and boy in London, and
a daughter, a teacher in the camp of the heedmeti at I'oit
Royal."
Mr. KELLEY. Sir, among the colored men
of the North 
Mr. CRAVENS. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 do not wonder that the gen-
tleman wants the House to adjourn, but I decline
to yield.
Sir, as I was about to remark, among1 tho colored
men of the North (hero are many other instances
like that of tho playmate of my young childhood.
Men of high culture and considerable estates, men
of refinement and accomplishments, who at ten
dollars per month, and with no chance of promo-
tion, have hurried into tho ranks of our Army to
fight for the preservation of a country, the logic
of whose institutions assures fieedom at some
future day to their posterity and race. They
have gone relying; on the justice of the Amencan
people for the just reward of their valor and pa-
triotism. Surely such men will be remembered
in song and history.
But the four millions of the South fight without
a country, without a homc,without a family; nay,
such are the blessings of the institution of shi-
very which the gentleman from Kentucky so lauds,
that they have not even been permitted to have a
name lest it might tempt them to think of secur-
ing a home and maintaining the integrity of then
family. Sir, home and family are vei y dangerous
to such despotism as has prevailed in the South.
Mr. CLAY. As the gentleman seems anxious
to hear me, I will interrupt him for a moment.
Mr. KELLEY. Do btief.
Mi. CLAY. The gentleman seems to be a pro-
found scholar of history, lie knows the history
apparently of ail the nations of the earth, and of
every individual in those nations. But he seems
to be deficient in the history of his own State, i
refer him back to tho war of 181~-14. The State
of Pennsylvania as well as other States sent bravo
troops to fight the British, but when these troops
leached the northern part of our temtory, near
the lakes, there was a question raised about State
lines and State boundaries,
Mr. KELLEY. As that was before my birth
i do not remember about it.
Mr. CLAY. I want to inform the gentleman,
and he lefuses to yield for the purpose.
Mr. KELLEY. it has no pertinency to the
pending question.
Mr. STEVENS. Lsliould like to know whether
tho negroes or the white men raised that question ?
Mr. CLAY. I am coming to that.
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to yield further. I
never heard that my State had any negroes in the
Army in 1812, and we are now discussing the con-
duct and capabilities of that lace. I say that the
gentleman lauds the institution of slavery- "
Mr. CLAY. I ask the gentleman from'Penn-
sylvania to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will hear
the sentence I am about to utter, perhaps there
will be no necessity for him to interrupt me.
Mr. CLAY. They are putting the negroes of
Kentucky under people who are cheating them of
half their earnings. My friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] admitted it was probably true.
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to yield further. The
gentleman's rambling remarks have nothing todo
with the question under consideration. In the
general discussion he complained of the treat-
ment the freedmen are receiving at the hands of
Government officials and others who employ
them. He says these people cheat them out of
half their earnings. 1 fear this may be true; and
to prevent it 1 have implored Congress to estab-
lish a Freedmen'sBureau. But it is apparent that
the gentleman's sympathies arc not excited by the
wrongs perpetrated on the poor negroes. His
complaint is not that they are cheated out of half
their earnings, but that it is done by " thieves,"
" robbers," "scoundrels," and other official per-
sonages who have relieved them from slavery—
a system which, under color of law, cheated them
out of all their earnings, and appropriated their
babes as chattels for the market. Unhappy as
their present condition may be,itdoes leave them
at least the ownership of the children of their
loins; it does secure them transportation beyond
the lines of their foimerowners' plantation; and
it does open the way through freedom to a better
life to those of the race who have capacity and
enetgy and feel the glow of emulation. It is too
late for the gentleman to hope to make converts
by sounding the praisesof slavery in comparison
with any phase of freedom.
Mr. Speaker, 1 repeat that when we remember
the cool and determined courage with which these
men, without country, home, family, or name,
save such as Tom, Jnh, or Dick, fight without
pay, and in tho face of almost certain death, for
the Hag and institutions which inspire their poor
heaits with hope for their tace, we cannot doubt
that the poet, orator, and htstonan will find in-
spiration in their unselfish devotion to a great
cause. But dark will be the colors in which they
will paint the actions of those who, while accept-
ing the services of such heroes, would withhold
from them the recognition of their common hu-
manity. Let such men not hope that posterity
will fail to do them justice too.
The bill before us is the moie important because
our enemies are fiendishly disci iminating against
negro soldiers. They deny the colored prisoner
of war all the rights of a soldier; they murder
him in cold blood, and then turn to us and cite
our example in proofof the propriety of the piej-
udicc that governs them. "Why," say they,
"shall we recognize the negro as a soldier enti-
tled to equaliiy with our men while the Congress
of the United States, the War Department, and
the President withhold from them such recogni-
tion? They make them fight without equal pay,
and without hope of rank, aud who shall brand
ua for discriminating against them m pursuance
of such precedents as these?"
To obliterate this unjustand odious distinction
is our privilege. Gentlemen on the other side of
the House may consistently vote for its continu-
ance; but the power of theHouseand the respons-
ibility is with us of the Republican side, and
should we fail to lecogmze the common manhood
of our soldieis the page of history which records
our failure will be one the perusal of which will
suffuse the cheeks of children with the burning
blush of shame.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a verbal correction.
On page 7 of the bill, in line eight, the word
"army" should read "arms," and a comma
should be inserted after it; so that the clause will
read," manufacture of di ms,accouterments,"&.c.
The SPEAKER. This is in the text of the
bill which has been agreed upon by both branches
1 of Congress, and the Chair knows no way in
which it can be changed. The question has been
so ruled in the other end of the Capitol, and the
Chair is of opinion that it cannot be touched.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 have received a notice from
the Senate that it ought to be amended. • '
The SPEAKER. It might be made as an
amendment and the Senate asked to concur in it.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that amendment, as
it is very important that it should be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion; and a message will be sent to the Senate,
with a request to make the change in that way.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say a word by
way of correction of the remarks made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wili.iams.] He
stated what L have heard frequently stated upon
the floor, and what 1 have seen stated in the public
prints of the country, that the first man whose
blood was shed in this war was from the State of
Massachusetts. Now, sir, no man honors the
State of Massachusetts more than I do, but she
can well afford, her quiver is so full of glorious
arrows, to give to the Utile State of New Hamp-
shire the glory which belongs to her. The man
who first poured out his blood in this contest, and
who enlisted in a Massachusetts regiment in the
city of Lowell, was a brave boy of the little town
of Alexandria in my district; and when his re-
mains were borne homeward to the spot which
heglorified, they weredeposited in the quiet little
churchyard of his native village in New Hamp-
shire.
1 merely wished to utter these words of expla-
nation, because I believe it is due to my own
State, and she should not be robbed of that glory
by another.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have modified my amend-
ment, which was to strike out the word " pay,"
by moving to strike out the word " pay" and all
that follows it in that section, and inserting the
following:
As other soldiers in the regular or volunteer service:
Provided, however, that the pay of the pnvate soldier of
the Aimy s-hall be twenty dollars per month trom and after
the lht day of Jannaiy, 1864, with a corresponding in-
crease in the pay of the non-commissioned olficers.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggestthat this has noth-
ing to do with fixing the pay of the regular Army.
The SPEAKER. The Chair now regards the
amendment as out of order from the fact that it
changes the existing law.
Mi. HOLMAN. It is too late to raise that
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must not
state that it is too late, because he has but just
modified his amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. The provision from the Sen-
ate also changes the existing law.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is probably
aware, from his long service here, that in the Sen-
ate it is allowable under their rules that amend-
ments changing existing laws shall be offered
when reported by a standing committee of that
body. But in the House of Representatives we
act under a different rule.
Mr. HOLMAN. But when the Senate makes
a change in the existing law is not a modification
founded upon that change in order?
The SPEAKER. An amendment offered here
must be in accordance with the rules of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must, although reluctantly,
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair, upon
the ground that if the Senate has a right to insert
in such a bill as this a legislative provision affect-
ing an existing law, certainly the House must
have a right to amend the provision they insert.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is placed here to
enforce the rules of the House and not those of
the Senate. Pie decides, according to the rules
of the House, that the amendment is not in order,
as it changes the existing law. Prom that de-
cision the gentleman from Indiana appeals, and
the question is: "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would preferthat
the appeal should he voted on directly.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. This will be
a test vote.
The yeas and navswere ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN." The Chair w H allow me to
state that my point of oider is that if the Senate
can change an existing law, the House may mod-
ify the amendment of the Senate.
