1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
at the iate of $1,000 per annum, amounting to $2,354 24,
that being the balance due lnm, as the following statement
shows:
Oiiginal claim for salary fiom Fcbiuary22, 1858, to Augu>t
30, 1860  §2,520 00
Amount paid by appropuatiun from July 1,1860,
to Augu&t 30, 1S6U  165 76
Leaving due the amount of salary from February
22, 1858, to July 1, 1860 $2,354 84
Claims of a similar nature have heretofore been paid. In
the deficiency bill approved May 31, 1854, was an appro-
priation of $1,781 74, to " Thomas M. Johnson, for his ser-
vices at the poi t of Shanghai, from the 9th December, 1851,
to the 15th September, 1853;" and the consular and diplo-
matic bill approved May 26,1860, contained an item, passed
on the strong recommendation of General Ca^s, then Sec-
letaiy of State, by which $4,760, or so much thereof as
might be necessary, was appropriated " to enable the Sec-
retary of State to defray the cost of the puson-shjp at Can-
ton, in China, from the 1st day of January, 1854, to the 1st
' day of January, 1857, and for compensation of the maishal
of the consular court at Canton, from January 1, 1854, to
the 15th of December, 1857."
It appears that the memorialist was the successor of Mr,
James P. Cook, who was, by the above act, remunerated
for lus bervicus as "marshal of the consular court at Can-
ton, from January 1, 1854, to the 15th of December, 1857."
Theiebellion having made it necessary forforeigners to
leave Canton, the fuiictionsoftheconsularcourtwere.sus-
pended from that time until the February following, when
the services of the memorialist commenced. While the
predecessor of the memorialist has thus been paid by spe-
cial legislation, his successor received a salary under the
act of June 22,1860.
When the claim was before the Senate, a few weeks
since, it was not denied that injustice and equity the me-
morialist was entitled to the relief asked for; but it was
ruled out ot order as an amendment to the deficiency hill,
and it wa* suggested to be a proper ease for a private bill.
Since then Mr. Bianehard has petitioned for relief.
Your committee, after a full examination of the ca=e, is
of the opinion that the facts and the precedents cited show
that the memorialist is entitled to relief, and report a bill
accordingly, the passage of which they rceonmiend.
The bill was reported to the Seriate without
amendment, oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INTEREST ON TIIE PUBLIC DEBT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day at half past twelve o'clock is now be-
fore the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of ttoe "Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution (H. R. .No.
37) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
anticipate the payment of interest on the public
debt. ItauthorizestheSecretary of the Treasury
to anticipate the payment of interest on the public
debt, from time to time, either with or without a
rebate of interest upon the coupons, as to him
may seem expedient.
The Committee on Finance reported the joint
resolution with an amendment, to add at the end
thereof the following words:
And he is hereby authorized to depose of any gold in
the Trca&uiy of the United States not neccssarylor the pay-
ment of interest of the public debt.
The amendment was agreed to.
The hill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. JOHNSON. This measure is evidently a
very important one. It may be a very proper one,
and I suppose it is. Speaking for myself, I am
comparatively uninformed of the exigency that
renders it necessary, and, if agreeable to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, I should like to hear
an explanation from him on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The subject of the dispo-
sition of the accumulated gold m the Treatsury
has boon wo frequently discussed in conversation
that I did not desire to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate m making any statement in regard to if un-
less required to do so by some Senator for his in-
formation.
The difficulty grows out of the law of 1862, which
requires all duties on imported goods to be paid
in gold, and that the interest on the bonded debt
should be paid in coin. Under this process there
has accumulated m the Treasury of the United
States upward of twenty million dollais m gold.
There is no proper mode in which it can be paid
out under existing law except in payment of the
interest on the public debt. 1 have a statement be-
foie me now showing the amount in the Treasury,
over and above all outstanding drafts for coin,
to be to-day $19,670,479 91. There is more in
the Treasury, but it is either drawn against or
set apart tor special purposes under the law. The
estimated receipt of com from this date to July
1, 1864, upon the basis of the leceipts of the last
month or two, is $22,272517o; making an ag-
gregate of gold on hand and to be received of
$41,942,654 91. The whole amount that will be
paid under existing laws for interest on the pub-
lic debts dui ing that time, and including the 1st of
July, is $20,849,199 92. Here is the statement
as made at the Department:
Oi O' tn >£
CO CC -
& rf-
—i to yi
& •
ffl w w o
w co jo JS
"rfi. JO
<"*> •—• ►— C5 ■-}
u O) CI
o o ® o ©
•   © O O O O H*  VI IW S«">
OOOOOCi—OOOO
OOOOOOCOO-JOO
OOOOOCOOCnOO
11 £
o Q iO -I ' •! ,3
CO Cn oi o
ot © -4
o o O ® n C5 ?£>
© c o © c=
Most of this, it will be seen, is payable on the
1st of May. The effect of this accumulation of
gold in the Treasury is, that the Government
hoards the gold, while at the same time it requires
merchants importing goods into this country to
go into the market and buy gold at the enhanced
prices caused in a great measure by the accumu-
lation of gold in the Treasury.
As an important fact bearing on this matter I will
remark that there is now in the banks in the city
of New York an accumulation of $21,188,034 m
gold. No price that can be put upon gold would
withdraw this reserve from the banks. They
keep it as a reserve. The consequence is that
§40,000,000 in gold is now hoarded m the city of
New York, withdrawn from the ordinary chan-
nels of commerce and trade, while at the same time
the United States demands of its cuslomeis the
payment of not less than $300,000 a day in gold.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then there will be an ac-
cumulation of $80,000,000 m gold on the 1st of
July.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. Forty-one mil-
lion dollars will be the accumulation on the 1st
of July, out of winch we must pay the interest
on the public debt due before and at that time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Cut, adding the amount in
New York, the accumulation would be a gieat
deal more.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the accumulation
would be neaiiy sixty-three million dollars.
It is very obvious that if we continue this sys-
tem, after a while it will be impossible for the per-
sons who arc required to pay in gold to get it.
The banks hoard theirs, keeping it as a reserved
fund; the Government of the United States hoards
its gold; the Secretaiy of the Treasury cannot
pay it out, and the effect is becoming disastrous.
The joint resolution now under consideration was
prepaied by a gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell,] and was introduced in the
House as a substitute for the proposition offered
by a gentleman from New York, [Mr. Stfbbws.]
After the passage of the resolution as it now
stands gold went up six oi seven percent. I will
read from the money article of the New Yoi k Com-
mercial Advertiser of last night this quotation:
•'•'After fom o'clock the new-; of the parage of Mr,
Boutwem.'s sold bill ioach<*il the market.
The bill merely aiubouz-'? tile SeuuUry of the Trcn--
urv to anticipate the pawnento! interest on the public debt
fiom time to time, with or without a rebate of mteie-t upon
the coupons ,i«* to him may si.om expedient. Tn Un-
amended form it pa—od c)0 agani-t —a veij ftiong vole,
which seems to the poiiov ol Congress. 'j hi- amount*
to notluriff in the way of leiiuf. since it is ot' no practical
value whether the $-3.0003000 duo ls-t of Apnl, and the
SI.'),000,000 due 1-t of May. ate begun to he paid now or
thr-n. It will take a month at lea^t to pay the &lo,000.000.
"When -56.000,000 was due Novembei ]. it irquiied the
whole month to complete the payments, and the pnee «tf
gold was not affected at all. The tfecretaiy ha* now the
same duty as. beioie, to apply the gold to the puiehn&e ot
stock tor the linking fund, a process which would neely
deplete the Treasury. On the promulgation of the passage
of this bill, gold, winch Had been dutt at 163£, immediately
rose to 164^, and in the evening sales reached 165$.
"This morning the assemblage at the gold 1001ns was
prompt, and the opening price was 165J.
"The demand continued very active, and the rate soon
touched 168, when a little reaction set in, and it declined
to lf>7i, and again recovered to 168£ a f, at twelve in.
" The rate for exchange went up & the same proportion,
and &ales were made at 181$, but this rate is still lower than
gold."
Such was the effect of the passage of the joint
resolution by the House. That resolution amounts
to nothing. It simply authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to anticipate the payment of the
interest on the public debt, either with or without
a rebate of interest. It is an absurd proposition,
while we are borrowing at the rate of $2,000,000
per day, to authorize the Secretary to anticipate
the payment of a portion of the debt, thus losing
the interest, and not relieving at all the pressure
upon the gold maiket in New York.
The objection that has been made to the prop-
osition of the Committee on Finance is that it
places in the hands of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury a vast power. Sir, during a time of war like
this the Secretary of the Treasury must have vast
power. This power is but a slight one in com-
parison with many of those that have already been
given to him. This proposition docs not really
very much increase his powers; but it will enable
him, with $20,000,000 of gold in his possession,
to hold a rod of terror over the men who are spec-
ulating m gold in New York. They will not
know at what time he may come in the maiket
and depreciate the value of gold. The Govern-
ment of the United States is the great consumer
of the productsof thecountry. We are the great
purchaser of the products of the country. It is
the interest of the United States to depreciate the
value of gold, and to raise the value of#paper
money, to make the margin between these two
different forms of money as slight as possible;
and yet the effect of our existing laws is, by hoard-
ing the gold received by us, to increase tRe value
of gold and depreciate the value of paper money.
Unless Senators can pointout some way in which
the Secretary of the Treasury can get rid of this
gold they should not object to the powerproposed
to be given to him to sell it.
It is said that the power to sell gold will depre-
ciate our currency. The fact that there will al-
ways be a difference between paper money and
gold in time of war, is a fact that we cannot cfver-
corne. It exists in all countries. It existed in
France; it existed in England; it exists in our
own country; and it always will exist in war
when the Govern mentis a large borrower and con-
sumer. We should not legislate in ignorance of
that great fact. Our purpose is, or should be, to
lessen the difference between gold and paper
money as much as possible. For us to say that
we will not sell gold when we have a useless ac-
cumulation of it, for current money, merely be-
cause we do not like to confess the depreciation,
is absurd. It is like a man trying to conceal his
poverty by extiavagent dress and equipage. In
time of war thisdepreciation of paper money is a
necessary incident of war; and we might as well
act upon that fact and not attempt to disguise it.
This power if given lo the Secretary of the
Tieasury can do no harm. Gold is set aside for
the payment of the interest on the public debt; and
this proposition requires him always to reserve
and keep on hand enough to pay the interest on
the public debt. He may not have to sell any.
The very fact that he has the power to sell and
has a surplus of gold to sell may defeat and pre-
vent speculative operations in gold. Iso evil can
result from it, while the measure proposed by the
House, it seems to me, is delusive and nugatory.
It involves the absurdity of our going into the
market and paying our debt before it is due, while
we are going into the same marketand borrowing
11 at the rate of $2,000,000 a day.
I Under the act of February, 186*2, tho Secretary
is icquired to pay the interest of all the funded
debt in gold. He is also authorized to buy the
bonds of the United States and establish a sink-
ing fund not to exceed oue percent, of the whole
public debt every year. The Secretary might
take this gold under existing law and buy the
bonds of the United States and establish a sink-
ing fund; but it would involve the absurdity of
his buying, with gold, bonds of the United States,
which bonds, or those of a similar character, he
