1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBlr
ator recognizes as the highest in the country,
Worcester's dictionary; that is the Harvard uni-
versity authority.
Mr. SUMNER. The best dictionary.
Mr. GRIMES. Permit me to read: " Super-
intendent, one who superintends; a director; an
overseer," a very unfortunate word in this con-
nection. "Superintending, overseeing;directing;
taking charge of anything."
What was it that I said was meant by these
words ? What was it'that I said would be the legal
construction ofthem? That they would have the
control, the power to take charge of, the oversee-
ing of these men; and it was to that that I objected.
Now, look at the definition of the verb as laid
down by Worcester: "To superintend; to over-
see,"from whence the word " overseer" on the
southern plantations is derived; " to overlook; to
have the care or direction of."
Mr, SUMNER. Now, let me interrupt my
friend just there. The Senator hinges much on
the synonym " overseer," and reminds us of the
overseer on a plantation. Now, the word" over-
Beer" in itself is not abad word; it has a badas-
sociation. It is bad where a man is overseer for
slavery; but if a man is an overseer for liberty,
and if the bill charges him to oversee for human
freedom and to guard sacredlyall the rights of
these persons, then 1 rejoice to call him " over-
seer."
Mr. GRIMES. Then I understand that the
Senator virtually abandons the ground that he
took when he was up before, and admits that I
was right in the interpretation of the term, but he
says that he intends that these men shall oversee,
not for wrong but for good, that he intends to
confer the power to oversee, to take charge of, to
direct, to control these men 
Mr. SUMNER. Not to control.
Mr. GRIMES. To take the charge of, to take
the direction of. What is that but taking the
control of? He admits that it is the purpose of
the bill to confer this extraordinary power, this
general superintendence, this general control, this
general overseeing, but he says he is going to
have it executed beneficially for these colored
men. If we pass this bill, that is the .way that I
trust these great powers will be exercised; but I
am fearful that if we confer upon these officials
such extraordinary powers, they may not al-
ways and in ail cases exercise them for the ben-
efit of these men.
The Senator went on and read to us the duties
of these officers as they are described in the sixth
£H£tion, that they ** shall take care that the freed-
men do not suffer from ill-treatment or any fail-
ure of contract on the part of others, and that on
their part they perform their duty." Now, he
says that this can be enforced in a court of justice,
and yet we all know that there are no courts of
justice there. How, then, is this Commissioner
to perform this duty? What means does the bill
place in the hands of the Commissioner or dep-
uty Commissioner to perform this injunction of
the law that is imposed upon him? There is one
•means, and only one means,and that is provided
for in tiie thud section, which allows him to call
to his aid the military power that may be within
his department to enforce obedience at the point
of the bayonet; and furthermore let me remark
that this military commander may be the overseer
himself by the provisions of the bill,
'Mr. BROWN. I would call the attention of
the Senator from Iowa to the fact that the word
\vhich he criticises so freely is used in our laws
already. We have a Superintendent of Indian
affairs who superintends the various agents; but
I have never yet heard that he had authority to
reduce them to slavery. He must superintend
in accordance with the laws. We have a Super-
intendent of the Mint. I believe he superintends
in accordance with the laws. In the same man-
ner 44superintendents" here means those who
superintend in accordance with the purposes of
the bill. Furthermore, as to the mode of enforce-
ment, it does not necessarily follow that he must
do it by means of the military power, because that
is a matter which the department of course will
have under regulation. It may be done by the
retention of wages; it may be done by various
modes, as various duties which are now enjoined
upon other subordinates are required to be per-
formed.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, when there is
a question of human liberty presented to me for
my consideration, I do not-choose to submit it to
the regulations of any department.
Mr. BROWN, ft is not submitted to the reg-
ulations of any department. That is declared in
the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. The fourth section , on which
the Senator from Massachusetts has commented,
provides:
Or in case no proper lessees can be found, then to cause
the same to be cultivated or occupied by the freedtaeu on
such terms in either caso arid on such regulations as the
Commissioner may determine.
The Senator from Massachusetts insists that
this does not apply to the freed men; that it does
not give the Commissioner any power or control
to determine the relation that the freedmen may
•occupy to these cultivated or occupied possessions.
If anybody will read that language critically he
will observe that it gives to each of these Com-
missioners power, first, to lease the land to any
other party, second, to lease it to the freedmen
themselves and enter into a contract* himself be-
ing the agent both of the Government and of the
freedmen too; and thirdly, it gives him an op-
portunity, if he chooses, to occupy it upon any
other terms and make just such a contract as he
pleases as the representative of the Government
and as the guardian of these colored men in re-
gard to that occupation; and then the sixth sec-
tion authorizes and requires that he shall hold
these colored men to the performance of their duty
under the contract which he has thus entered into
for them. I cannot approve of such a provision
as that. It seems to me that the objection is rad-
ical.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I had hoped
that the remarks which I submitted yesterday
would have been all that it would be necessary
for me to make in the discussion of this bill; and
I rise now very reluctantly, but I rise under a
sense of duty to myself and to the Senate,"to no-
tice some of the remarks of the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. I do not exactly un-
derstand, I suppose I do not understand, that
honorable Senator in some of the phraseology
which he uses; and before I proceed further in
my remarks I wish to understand from him what
was his meaning. .He seems to draw a distinc-
tion between the motives which operate upon me
and the motives which operate upon the honora-
ble Senator from Iowa in opposing this bill; and
while he complains that the honorable Senator
from Iowa unjustly misrepresented the bill, he
alleges at the same time that the Senator from
West Virginia " cordially" misrepresented the
bill. I desire to know what the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts meant by that qualify-
ing term.
Mr. SUMNER. I will explain with great
pleasure. Since the Senator from West Virginia
has been a member of this body, I have obsetved
his course. I find that while sometimes boasting
that he has emancipated slaves he openly avows
his willingness to be a slave-hunter. I cannot
forged, sir, that on another occasion he shocked
this Senate and the country by the open, un-
blushing declaration that after the emancipation
of slaves in a State they might be again reenslaved
and plunged into their former bondage. Who
can forget the splendid eloquence with which the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] at
once denounced the impious assumption? Sir, 1
was then astonished that this Capitol itself did not
open "its ponderous marble jaws" and cast the
Senator out; ay,sir, and ejaculate him back into
that land of slavery which he seems to be so unwill-
ing to forget. The Senator asks why I said that he
cordially set himself against this bill. Because,
sir, in setting himself against .this bill he simply
followed those instincts which his former conduct
has displayed.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. Piesident, if I cseape
the ponderous jaws of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, I imagine I shall be in no
danger of being swallowed up by the Capitol of
the Union. [Laughter.] I do the honorable
Senator the credit, however, to say that he has
been very explicit, and I am happy to have £jie
opportunity on the present occasion to pay my
respects to the honorable Senator in reply to the
charges which he has been making without au-
thority upon this floor as well as elsewhere.
Sir, I never advocated the reensJavement of ne-
groes wjbo had be,en emancipated. -; Tjie Senator
in his New Yprk speccb represented me, as doings
so. The record doesoiot bear him,out* jlt( is ,
not so, sir. But I, did say that ccrtain policies
then initiated, jf persisted inj wo uld JeaiKthe -
States witete slavery existed :to:the reensl#ve-
ment of negroes Freddy free; .and I say to-day* >
in reply to the honorable Senator, that until yer.y:
recently it w^s a matter of daily oecarrence. in
Virginia, and I imagine all through tJie.South,
that those wJjo had been free were /reensfavedi -
I did not vindicate that law; ! did not say.it was :
right; but I said that the result of the policy a4- *
vocated at that-time would lead to such' an effect,
in those States.
Mr. SUMNER. Did not the Senator say that,
it might be done, and did .the Senator heap seorn
and indignation and-.contumely on such an idea>-
No, sir. He named it as an argument to influ-
ence our conduct.
Mr, WILLEY. I did name it as an argu-
ment, Mr. President. I, named it as an argument
and a result to be deprecated, and so the con-
nection in which I made the remark will show,
not because I advocated it, but deprecating the
policy and imploring Senators to desist lest those
consequences might ensue which 1 as much as
they deprecated. But, Mr. President, these re-
marks come with an ill grace from the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. Has he forgotten
the time when I stood here on this floor solitary
and alone, in the name of freedom knocking at
the doors of Congress for admission into the
Union, coming in the name of the'first soil res-
cued from the rebellion, and in the name of the
first soil rescued from slavery, knocking at the
door of Congress for admission upon the plat-
form of freedom? Can 1 forget when I stood here
in that condition that I met with the persistent
hostility of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and that his vote stands to-day recorded
against the admission of West Virginia into the
Union? And yet he rebukes me as standing here
as not being opposed to slavery ! Sir, I desire to
attract the attention of the country to the honor-
able Senator's record in that case. I wish my
voice could reach Massachusetts, whose freemen
he represents and whose freedom sentiments he
represents, to let her know that on a distin-
guished occasion, when he had it in his power,
practically to extend the area of freedom and to
strike the shackles from more than twelve thou-
sand slaves his vote was recorded against it.
And yet, sir, the honorable Senator says he is
not astonished that I follow out my instincts! '
The honorable Senator smiles. I suppose that
is intended for an answer to my argument and an
answer to these facts. I recall the expression,
Mr. President: the honorable Senator cannot
smile. Sir, there is a wonderful diffeience be-
tween a smile and a sneer, a mere sardonic grin.
One comes from the genial natureandkindly sen-
timents of the heart, the outkindling upon the
features. The other is that kind of grim satis-
faction which may be imagined to rest upon the
dusky features of the inquisitor down in the
dungeons of the dark ages when the logic of
religion was the thumb-screw and its charity a
cat-o'-nine-tails—that kind of satisfaction which
rested upon the features of the gentleman's pro-
genitors when they were cutting off theears of the
Q,uakers in Massachusetts or tormenting to death
old women as witches at Salem.
Sir, my instincts are all the other way. My
record is for freedom. The best part of my for-
tune has been devoted to freedom, and it is one
of the consolations of my heart that when my
old slaves, now walking free as God's freedmen
may walk, bend each night and morning before
thealtarto render their devotions to their Maker,
their benedictions rest upon me, not because my
instincts have been adverse to freedom, but be-
cause through me they have been made free.
Mr. President, I am at a loss to understand
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts. I
am at a loss to understand his persistent hostility
toward me as indicated by his manner, and by
his style, and by his language. I have never
sought occasion to give him offense. I have been
desirous, as far as I could consistently with my
obligations to the Constitution and the laws and
obedienec to my instincts of freedom, to cooperate
with him in bringing about the time when the
shackles should fall from the last human being
