1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10.
would have to seli ths next day. It would in-
volve the apparent absurdity of establishing a
sinking fund while we are borrowing money
largely. We would buy our own bonds with
gold while we are selling day by day our bonds
for paper money. If no other resource is allowed
him he will have to try this expedient rather than
continue the present accumulation of gold.
It is much better in my judgment to meet this
question directly, to authorize the Secretary in his
discretion to dispose of the surplus gold in the
Treasury, holding him strictly responsible for the
exercise of that power. You cannot avoid con-
ferring upon him large powers; and I would hold
him strictly responsible. If Senators desire it,
they may require him to make a report of all his
transactions to Congress. I will agree to any
restraint whatever that may tend to prevent the
abuse of this power. It was proposed in the
House of Representatives to require him to ad-
vertise five days before he should sell the gold.
That would simply be to defeat the object of the
bill; because, if he advertised, brokers would com-
bine to buy up the gold when offered in the market,
to run down the price when he offered it for sale
and then run up the price when he had none to
sell. It is better to leave him, like all other per-
sons in the possession of a large amount of gold,
free to enter the market at any time, and in the
mode most likely to accomplish the protection of
the public credit.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The purpose of the Com-
mittee on Finance in proposing this amendment
1 certainly approve. There is nothing more to be
deplored than the difference between the paper
and gold currency of the country and the fluctua-
tion in the value of gold, if it might be so ex-
pressed, or, more properly speaking, (he fluctu-
ation in the value of paper money. Hut, (sir, it
seems* to me that the measure proposed by the
Committee on Finance has not been considered
with that care that it calls for. When is-tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury to sell the gold? Where
is he to sell it? How is he to sell it? Is it to be
among a low persons in the Treasury Department
unknown to the commercial world ? Is it possible
that the Secretary of the Treasury is to be clothed
with the authority to sell from six to twenty mil-
lions of gold at any time, communicating the
knowledge of the fact to but a few persons m the
Treasury Department, or to but a few persons in
the city of New York?
The Senator from Ohio, anticipating this objec-
tion, has said that it would to some extent defeat
the jiurpose of the commitlcc if the Secretary of
the jTrcasury should be required to give notice of
the sale; that the traders in gold would combine
to put the price down when the Government was
coming into the market and to put the price up
when she had gone out, of the market. There
may be some force in that suggestion, but it seems
to me there is a great deal more force in the ob-
jection which i suggest to the measure, that the
Secretary of the Treasury may be clothed with
the greatestauthority over the commerce and trade
of the country that has ever been given to any one
man in the world. By this proposition you au-
thorize him to sell this gold when lie pleases, wheie
ho pleases, and how he pleases. Is he to be paid
in Treasury notes, in the currency of the national
banks, in the bonds of the Government, or in the
bank notes of the country ? How is he to be paid,
and at what rate is he to sell the gold? Sir, I can-
not support a measure like this; and therefore I
propose to add these words to the amendment of
the committee:
Provided, hoirci-er, That he sliall first by publication in
the cities of W wlumjton and New York give at lea-i ten
days-' notice oi the time ami place of the >-ale of the gold.
I cannot conceive it possible that the supporters
of the Secretary of the Treasury will ask us to
give htm the power to dispose of a large amount
of gold without responsibility, without the time
being statedr without the manner of sale being
specified, and without any notice whatever. I
wiii not say that the Secretary of the Treasury js
not an honest man; but certainly we ought to
throw the guards around his public acts that are
ordinarily thrown around the acts of any public
officer. While I will not question his integrity
in this debate, I will say that this measure pre-
supposes a -state of confidence in the Secretary
that legislators are not justified in reposing m any
man. With this power he can enrich all the
friends that he may have upon earth at the first
sale of gold, If he can sell, by a private sale in
the Treasury Department, unknown to the com-
mercial world outside of that Department, from
six to twenty millions of gold, he can enrich every
friend he has.
Is it the purpose of the committee to put an end
to the fluctuations in the value between gold and
paper? I say this measure will enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to increase those fluctua-
tions. If without notice he can throw this gold
into the market, then he depreciates gold; but as
soon as he withdraws from the market, gold goes
up again. The trouble about this whole ques-
tion is, that the paper currency of the country is
not worth as mucins gold, and it cannot be made
to have that value, because the commercial oper-
ations of the country have been carrying gold out
of the country, and the operations of the Govern-
ment for several months have been constantly in-
creasing the paper currency of the country. As
the one is decreased the other is increased, and as
a matter of course the difference between thAn is
increasing every day. I do not think this prop-
osition of the committee is going to furnish any
substantial relief to the country. If we could be
relieved from these fluctuations it would be well;
but I think this pioposition is giving to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury a power that ought not to
be given to any man, ana at the same time will
not secure the desirable end aimed at by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Senator
from Indiana is mistaken in supposing that this
proposition has not been thoroughly considered
by the Committee on Financc. I think no prop-
osition before that committee has been so fully
and maturely considered as the one now before
the Senate. We have had the subject before us
almost since the beginning of the session. The
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Lank] introduced a
bill early in the session, and at the suggestion of
the Committee on Finance I introduced a bilTcon-
taimng this very proposition, and had it referred
to that committee; so that we haveconsidered the
matter fully, and have come to the conclusion that
it is wise to vest the Secretary of the Treasury
with this large power. I confess this result is
arrived at after a good dealof doubt,deliberation,
and hesitation, but finally with great unanimity,
and, allow nic to say, with great clearness of con-
viction.
The Senator from Indiana objects that the mode
proposed to sell this gold is not the best to make
money out of it. That is not what we desire. We
do not desne to legislate for the purpose of getting
the highest price tor this gold. On the contrary,
we wish to place in the hands of the Secretary of
the Treasury a power whieh will pievent the in-
flation of this gold or the depreciation of paper
mooey. The object is not to have a public sale to
induce competition in the purchase of this gold,
and thus get the highest price, hut to place in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury a power,
that may never be exercised, which may tend to
prevent the depreciation of United States money.
in order to accomplish this purpose, the power
by the Secretary of the Treasury over the surplus
gold must not be crippled by conditions. If we
propose to require him to sell this gold in open
market in the city of New York, the effect would
he that when Mi'. Cisco or the Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States should appear m the open
market m New York to sell this gold,combinations
would be made to buy all the gold he could sell,
and having purchased it they ought then run up
the price ofgokl, or, which is the same thing, run
down paper money, and thus defeat the very object
we have in view.
The Senator says that this is a fearful power,
not conferred upon any individual. That is true,
because no other individual has that much gold;
hut every man who has gold now has, to a pro-
poitional extent, the same power. If 1 had
$100,000 in gold in my possession, I would have
the same power in proportion that the Secretary
would be invested with by this proposition. The
difficulty is, that by our law we have accumu-
lated this large sum of gold, and we must get rid
of it. Everybody sees that we must get rid of it.
Keeping it there tends to depreciate the very ar-
ticle we wish to advance, and we must get rid of
it. The Senator proposes to sell it at public auc-
tion. I say that would defeat the very object we
have in view, which is not to get a high price for
the gold, but to keep a power in the hands of our
officers which will prevent the appreciation of
gold to too great an extent.
A suggestion has been made to me, to which I
have no objection, that it is important to curb arid
check the power of the Secretary. I desire to
control and regulate the power of all the Depart-
ments of the Government. I would have no ob-
jection to some such proposition of amendment as
this: that the Secretary should report to Congress
at a subsequent time his sales and the persons to
whom he sold, so that we might have that power
over him.
As for the idea that he would enrich all his
friends and relatives, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has now the power to enrich any man he
chooses. That power is necessarily invested in *
him by law, and you cannot preventit. With his
large and ample powers he can undoubtedly, by
communicating information in advance in trie ne-
gotiation of loans, make large fortunes to any one.
Sir, if I believed he would use his office in that
way, I would not give him any power whatever;
1 would insist that the President of the United
States should remove him. In a time of war, you
must trust these large and full powers in some of
the constituted authorities. If I were satisfied the
Secretary wasdishonest,and would use this power
for the purpose of promotingprivate ends, I would
not be in favor of giving him any power; but I do
not think so. 1 do not believe there is any ground
for any one to think so. I do not believe the Sec-
retary would use the power now given to him or
any of the ample powers he now possesses for the
purpose of contributing to the private gam of any
man.
This power that is now proposed to be con-
ferred upon him is comparatively insignificant
when you consider the great power he lias over
a debt of #1,500,000,000, to appreciate it or de-
preciate it. lie has the power now to go into the
market and buy his own bonds. He has the
power to buy gold. These powers have been
given to him because they were necessary to carry
on the Government in the difficult position in which
we arc now placed. This power, therefore, is but
small in comparison with the powers he already
possesses and exercises with wisdom and ability.
1 submit that this proposition has been fully
considered and fully matured; that the Commit-
tee on Finance, after much reflection and with
great unanimity, came to the conclusion that it
was necessary to invest the Secretary of the Treas-
ury with this power. The only member of the
committee not present was the Senator who has
recently returned from the State of New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] with such welcome news to
us. The other members of the committee agreed,
to it unanimously. I do notknow whathis opin-
ion is on the subject, although it has been fre-
quently discussed in his presence. 1 hope, there-
fore, the Senate will adopt the proposition as it
comes from the Committee on Finance. If it is
desired, however, 1 have no objection to require
the Secretary of the Treasury to make any report
that may be deemed necessary in order to prevent
anything like collusion or favoritism in the sale
of this cold, in case it becomes necessary to sell.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the suggestion of a
Senator in whose opinion I have a great deal of
confidence, I propose to modify my amendment
by making the notice required five days instead
of ten.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so mod-
ified.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to answer justone
suggestion made by the Senator from Ohio, who
now says that the main purpose of this measure
is to give the Secretary the power which shall be
held in terroreni over the speculators in gold. I
thought from his first speech that he wanted to
give the Government the power to make a profit
by the use of the gold whieh she did not need in
payment of the interest upon her debt. If she
wants to sell the gold at the highest price she can
command, it is her obvious interest to do what
any prudent man in the disposal of any piece of
| property that he may have would do. Anybody
I wishing to get a large price would give the most
! public notice, so as to have at the public sale, or
1 at the receiving of private bids, the largest com-
j petition possible. But the Senator says if public
! notice is given, men of means in the city of New
