2978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
which act largely increased the rations of the sol-
dier. And why ? Because it was found that the
soldier did not require these rations, and did not
consume them. It was found that the rations
provided by law for the soldiers in the field were
sufficient to support a frugal family of a man,
wife, and three children. The surplus rations
were wasted, or their proceeds went into the
pockets of commissaries and quartermasters, or
were wasted. No soldier has complained of the
reduction of his rations. I defy my colleague or
any other gentleman on this floor to point to the
case of a single soldier in the Army of the United
States who complains of the loss.
True, my colleague did introduce a resolution,
as he says, to increase the pay of officers and
soldiers thirty-three per cent., but I think a few
moments'examination" ofthe votes ofmy colleague
and the party with which he acts on other ques-
tions will not only convince the House and the
country but thesoldiers also, that those measures
are not introduced by him from any friendly mo-
tive or feeling toward the soldier.
What has been the course of that gentleman
and his party on this floor in regard to voting
supplies to the Army ? What has been their course
in regard to raising money to pay the Army?
His vote will be found recorded in almost eveiy
instance against the appropriation bills, against
ways and means for raising money to pay the
Army. It is only a week ago last Monday that
a bill was introduced hen; to punish guerrillas, to
punish those men who infest the woods and high-
ways, playing neutrals when our Army comes
along, and then prowling along the highways to
shoot the wounued soldier who is dragging his
weary footsteps to the rear to a hospital; and now
did my colleague vote? Against the bill. First,
there wus a motion made to lay the bill on the
table, and my colleague voted for that motion.
On the passage of the bill, when the yeas and
nays were again ordered, my colleague voted in
the negative. And yet he is the friend of the
soldier 1 I submit on this point an extract from
the Globe of the proceedings of June 6:
" Mr. Garfiki.o. I am directed by the Committee on
Militaiy Affairs to repoit back bill ol the Hou e No. 429,
topiovideior the more speedy punishment of guerrillas,
on l for other puiposep.
" The bill was read in extenso.
" Mr. Ancona. How does that bill come in under this
call.
" The Spfaker. Under the call of States for resolution5?
Mis may he introduced. That has been the uniform prac-
tice ot the House.
"Mi. Cakhem>. 1 call for the previous question.
"Mr. Lb Blond. 1 move that tiie hill he refetred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
" The Speaker. That motion is not in order during the
demand for the previous question.
"Mr, Le Blond. Is a motion to refer to a standing com-
mittee in order ?
" The Speaker. It is not now in order.
"Mr. I.e Blond. [ move, then, that the bill be laid upon
the table.
" Mr. Eldiudge, I demand the yeas and nays.
"The yea* and nays were ordered.
"Mr. Eldiudge. I withdraw the demand for the yeas
and nays to see whether the previous question is seconded
or not.
" The motion to lay upon the table was disagreed to.
"The House was then divided; and there weie—ayes
CO, noes 35.
"So the etrH for the pievious question was seconded.
" Mr. Eldiudge moved that the bill be laid upon the
table.
"Mr. Blair, ot West Virginia, demanded the yeas and
nay-..
" Mr. Eldridoe demanded tellers ort the yeas and nays.
"Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Eldiudge, and Cole
of California, were appointed.
"The Houso was divided; and the tellers! reported—
ayes thirty five.
" So (moic than one filth voting in favor thereof) the
yeas and nays wore ordered.
"The question was isiken ; and it was decided In the
negative—yeas 33, nays G7; as follows :
" Yijas—Me-^rs. James 0. Alien, Anconn, Bliss, James
8. Biown, Cot. Craven:-, D.nvhon, Kden, Ed<?erton, El-
dridge, Fmelc, Orider, Hauling Hamilton. Charles M.
Ilarus, U>ruek, liutchins, William Johnson, Knm, Le
Blond.Lon , Muilorv, Muiey,Mc Dowel!, Jame  R. Monis,
Motiw>n, Noble, Pendleton, Perry, 3tobitv*on, Roger-*,
Itovs. Scott,Chilton A. White, and Joseph W. White—33.
"Nays—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Daily,
John D. Baldwin, Beainan. Blame, Jacob B. Blair, Broom-
nil, Imbioso W Ci.n k. Cobb, Cole, CresweH, Thomas T.
Davis. Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Dri«<js, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Fenton, Frank, Uurlield. Grimieli, GrisWold,)fale, Hooper,
Hotchki^, A-abU W. Uubb.ud, Joim H. fluhbaid, Ingrr-
soll, JencJo, Julian, Ftaneis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kel-
logg, Litth'john. Loniryear, Maivm, Samuel F. Miller,
JVIoorhead. Momil, Daniel Moms, Amos Myers, Ciuiles
O'Neill, Orth, 1'atferc-on, Peiham, Puce, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Itice, Edward II. Rollins, ScoiieJd, Shannon,
Sloan, Smuhers, Spalding, Thayer, Tracy, Upson, JEJhhu
B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wilder,
Wilson, Wmdom, and Woodbndge—67.
" So the bill wus not laid upon the table,
"The previous question was seconded and the main
question ordered, which was on the passage of the bill.
"Mr. Alley called for the yeas and nays.
" The yeas and nays were ordered.
" The question was taken; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 72, nays 37; as follows :
" Yeas—Mes>rs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Baily, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Jacob B. Blair,
Broomal!, Ambrose W.Clark,Cobb,Cole,Creswell, Dawes,
Dixon,Donnelly,Diiggs,Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank,
Garfield, Gooeh, Grmneil, Griswold, Hale, Hooper, Hoteh-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard', John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, In-
gersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Or-
lando Kellogsr, Littlejolm, Longvear, Marvin, Mcindoe,
Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Chatles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Price,
Alexander 11. Rice, John H. Itice, Edward H. Rollins, Sco-
field, Shannon, Sloan, Smuhers, Spalding, Thayer, Tracy,
flpson, F/ihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Whaley. Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,and Wood-
bridge—72.
" Nays—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Coffroth, ('ravens, Henry Winter Davis,
Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldndge, Finck, Grider,
Harding, Harrington, Ohailes M. Hairis, Ilutchms, King,
Knapp, Le Blond, Long,Mallory, Marey, McDowell, Mor-
rison, Noble, Pendleton, Perry, Robinson, Rogers, Ross,
Strouse, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Chilton A. White, and
Joseph W. White—37.
So the hill was passed."
On the subject of arming slaves, of putting ne-
groes into the Army, how has my colleague and
his party voted ? Universally against it. They
would strip from the backs of these black soldiers,
now in the service of the country, their uni-
forms, and would send them back to slavery with
chains ar*d manacles. And yet they are the
friends of the soldier!
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Illinois is not discussing the
question before the House.
The SPEAKER. The constitutional amend-
ment opens a very wide range of debate. The
gentleman's colleague [Mr. Ross] to whom he
refers followed the same course of debate last
evening, and it was tolerated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league [Mr. Farnsworth] is only replying to
the speech of my other colleague [Mr. Ross]
who spoke last night, and on whom no point of
order was raised.
The SPEAKER. The Chairhas notattempted
to confine gentlemen very closely in debate, for
the proposition certainly opens up a very wide
range.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the point of order
will not be pressed. But I trust that he will not
charge that the Democratic party has, by any dec-
laration, favored the returning of slaves to rebel
mas te rs
Mr. FARNSWORTH. On the vote to repeal
the fugitive slave law how did that side of the
House vote? Does not the fugitive slave law
alFoct the black soldier in the Army who was a
slave? That side of tho House aie in favor of
continuing thefugivive slave law, and of disband-
ing colored troops. How did that side of the
House vote on the question of arming slaves and
paying them as soldiers? They voted against it.
I'hey are in favor of disbanding the colored regi-
ments, and, armed with the fugitive slave law,
sending the men back to their masters. I do not
charge this on the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman.] I think he does not vote invariably
with ins party. He has too much sense and too
good a heait for that.
Another objection to this proposition, made by
my colleague, [Mr. Ross,] and also by the gentle-
man fiom New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,]
and by the other gentleman from New York, [M r.
Pruyn,] is that it strikes at property; that it in-
terferes With the vested rights of the people of
States in property. What constitutes property ?
I know it is said by some gentlemen on the other
side that what the statute makes property is prop-
erty. 1 deny it. "What vested right has any man
or State m property in man? We of the North
hold property, not by virtue of statute law, not
by virtue of enactments. Our property consists
in lands, in chattels, in things. Our property
was made property by Jehovah when He gave
man dominion over it. But nowhere did He give
dominion to man over another man. Our title ex-
tends back to the foundation of the world. That
constitutes property. There is where we get our
title. There is where we getour" vested rights"
to property.
In these points are summed up pretty much
all the arguments made on the other side of this
House against the passage of this bill, and I will
occupy no more time in answering them.
Mr. Speaker, at the time of the organization of
this Government there were but about fifty thou-
sand slaves within the limits of the United States.
When our fathers rose out of the clouds of the
Revolution and formed this Constitution, which
I trust we are about to amend, no one of them
dreamed that slavery in this land would con-
tinue until this time.
This fact may be gathered from the writings
ofthe men who wrote and from the speeches of
the men who spoke in that day. Why, sir, imme-
diately after the Revolution, Congress issued an
address to the people in which occur these mem-
orable words:
" Let it be remembered, finally, that it has ever been the
boast and pride of America that the rights for which she
contended are the rights of human nature."
This language was deliberately adopted and
addressed to the people of the United States.
This was after the Declaration of Independence,
wherein they had declared as self-evident facts
that all men were created equal, and endowed
with the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness. And when they followed
this by the adoption of the Constitution the great-
est care was taken that no words should be incor-
porated into that instrument which would imply
that<l man could hold property in man." I use
the very language of James Madison, a member
ofthe Convention which framed the Constitution.
He objected to incorporating the word "slave"
or" slavery " into the Constitution,for the reason,
as he said, that he would have nothing put into
it which would recognize the right of a man to
hold property in man. And you may search
through the Constitution from the beginning to
the conclusion of it, and no stranger to the fact
that slavery hasexistedintheUmted States would
believe for a moment that slavery could exist un-
der it. •
Let that Constitution go before a court which
is a stranger to the fact that slavery has existed
here, and let it be construed as courts are required
to construe written instruments, by itself, with-
out looking to the facts of contemporaneous his-
tory, and no judge thus construing the Constitu-
tion*would say that slavery could exist under it.
Our fathers were thus careful in framing the
Constitution so that when slavery should be en-
tirely abolished, and when their posterity should
come to look in there, they could find nothing to
mar its beautiful symmetry. That was the ob-
ject, that when future generations came to look
at that sacred instrument they should not find
anything in it to indicate or imply that slavery
ever existed in this land. Why, sir, they be-
lieved that slavery was going to die out speedily.
Already steps had been taken in several of the
States toward the abolition of slavery, and sev-
eral of the States abolished it soon afterwards.
There were, as I said before, but fifty thousand
slaves in the Union. The raising of slaves for
market was unprofitable. The oid fathers who
made the Constitution, the men who fought the
battles ofthe Revolution, fought for the lights of
human nature, and they believed that slavery was
at war with the rights of human nature. Of course
such men, who had just gone through the fires
of a seven years' war for those principles, and
who framed the Constitution upon such a base,
believed that slavery would die, and that speed-
ily. Mr. Jefferson,in his Notes on Virginia, says:
"In the vety first session held under the republican
Government the Assembly [of Virginia] parsed a law lor
the perpetual prohibition of the linpouatiou ot &iaves.
Thid will in some inua^uio «top the increase ot this great
■political and moral evil, while the minds of our citizens
maybe ripening tor a complete emancipation of human
nature."
Why, sir, it has been said by gentlemen over
the way, if not now I have heaid the sentiment
uttered before on that side of the House, and by
men of that party, that the " human nature" le-
fcrred to in that address of Congress was not
meant to apply to black human nature; that that
only meant white men, Anglo-Saxons—Anglo-
Saxon human nature! But Mr. Jefferson declares
that the abolishing of the importation of slaves
may prepare the way for the "speedy emancipa-
tion of human nature." That shows what was
meant and how those words were understood
