21X12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
ISuspTces tfian their'invn, for the support of their
familio. Now, while we are professing to put
thf.sepeople upon an equality, let us put them in
fact, upon an equality. If the colored soldier is
to bd paid equally with the other soldiers of the
"TJfntecTStates, letr as treat him-'aa-a rational be-
ing, equally competent to take care ofhimself and
of'his farndy with the while soldier. I bc.^ the
gentleman from Ohio to take that portion out of
>_his amendment, and let the equality which wo
propose to give be real.
Mr. SCHENCIt. That can be accomplished
by calling for a division of the question, taking
"first the vote on one section and then on the
■other.
;Tht: SPEAKER. The amendment is not di-
visible. \\ must be voted on as a whole.
Mr. SCHENCK,- Is u not in order to movo
to sti ike out t hot section ?
The SPEAKER. The power of amendment
has gone to ihe fullest extent.
-Mr. STEVENS.' i hope that the amendment
1 of the gentleman from Ohio will not be adopted
in either shape, for this reason: the amendment
proposed by tin1 Committee of Ways and Means
as simply that ail free persons of color, whether
living in Maryland or anywhere else, who are
enlisted and mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted Slates, shall be put precisely upon the same
footing with all other soldieis from the time of
their enlistment. The gentleman from Ohio pro-
poses-to make a distinction between those who
had no special nssaranee and those who enlisted
ithd'T the assmanee that ihey would be paid the
same as othet soldier*. That- is unjust. There
is no reason why those in Massachusetts or in any
othei State who were told what they should get
shall be allowed tins amount, while others en-
listed without any assurance sh^il get a le^s
amount.
Besides that, it puts (he War Department to
the trouble of mquii ms; in each case what was the
assurance of the reeltilting officer. The whole
thimr tseompbented ami impracticable. In relei-
en'-e to the " contraband;-;," while we increase
their pay from the 1st of Janumy, we consider
their freedom as an offset to the bounty. We in-
clude ail linemen as entitled to bounty, and tube
paid from the tune they wen? musteied into the
service.
I hope that the gentleman'* amendment will bo
' voted down, and that we will do justice through-
out. ! hope that the amendment of the Commit-
ter of Ways and Means will be adopted, and ili -n
the amendment of the Senate as amended con-
curred m.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw the last resolution
for the present.
Air, STEVENS. I must call for the previous
question.
Alt. SCHENCK. The difficulty is that many
members vote for an increase of the pay of the
c&Jored soldiers provided a portion will go to their
families.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 insist on my demand for
the pluvious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main qtu stion ordered.
Mr. Sciif.nck's amendment was disagreed to.
'I he question then recurred on the amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mi. FI.NCK. demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ord.ered.
The question was taken; and it wa« decided in
the atHimotive—yeas 73, nays 54;  s follows:
YCAS—Me-wc. Alley, Allison, Ames, \ino!d John I).
Baldwin, [5a\n-r, Beam,in, W.iine. Blow, Homweii, Bo\d,
Hra!tde'i<.M.\ nrormmll, Cobb, C<>k\<.res veH, ti.-nrv \\ niter
l avi-, 1) <W'Dluui.jt. Djmui, Dijimv'iiy, l,'<Aley,
Ehot, I'Vauui, Frank, G.irUeld, Gunnell. Ite-I^. iloop.'i \
Jlou iiki-*, alu'l VV, Hubbard, John iJ.ilubhnd, Jhillmrd, !
Jeneke-, Julian. Keile\. Pianci* \V. K'dlo^. <>n.ii>d > K> 1- f
loaq. Lciii, Lojtmj,ar, AJ uvih. MeKudf. ittwJIuw, Si, In- |
doe, stMuuel I". Mtlier, M utU"a.i, Moir.ii, J;am< i !
Am«s MiOi-^o.tnnjUa.U'-oWiiil.Onl; P ;I
Puce, Aiewamei [J. J(.;.n II, liicc, Fd I
ward 11. Koilui', St lu'i-ek, j<«-<>neld, Shannon su>P i
t-i, L>on, Eii|m j . \v,i>hbu. ne' j
William-, Wild i, VYiImci, W.udom—'
^ ^  }"W- - J.iituj- (.' Alien, Auc-'uia. A 'id''i- on An- I
gu-tn- ti.il-lu in, J.ifult B. Win, Biodk^, Willi'im (J !
Brown. CImUiIi i. (May, Cok^Yivc^. Dawson. IMeu. 1:k -
tul# . t~M< III'<!■!. UrUI. NcU'illl", if'.ll-
James S. ItolUnSjRo'ss!, Scott, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles,
Bttou^c, Vmnlieea, Whaiey, Wheeler, ChUton A. White,
Fernando' Wood, and Yeainan—54.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. BORINSON asked leave of absence for.
his colleague, Mr. J. C. Ai.len, for two weeks
from Monday next.
J>avc- was granted.
Mi. 11A DFORL) asked for leave of abscnce for
Mr. Winfield for a week from to-day.
Leave was granted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Coffroth, was detained from
the House by sickness hi his family.
The vote was then announced as above re-
coided.
The Senate amendment as amended was then
cone urn d in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows: .
.-lad he it furtkn enacted, That the same piemium sliall
he allowed ior eaeh colored iccruit now rnuftored or here-
t<  4ft niU'terrd into the service of tiie United States
a< K orsiia!! lie allowed by law for a white recruit: Pro-
tided, That the Seeretaiy of War shall give his assent to
the vaiue.
Mi. STEVENS. That is in another bill.
The amendment was non-eoncuued in.
Tenth amendment:
fcno.G. ml be it fat ther enacted, That the <jnli>tment3
lien-alter tiMcle iu the regulai Anny of t!ie United States
during the contiiuMnee ot the present rehellion maylic lor
the te.im of thiee years.
• The amendment was agieed to.
Eleventh amendment:
Add to the utle of the hill tin: vvoids and An other |iur~
j)OM"«,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the Sen-
ate ure all disposed of.
GAS-LIGHT COMPANY OF THK iHPTRICT.
Mr. FENTON. I ask unanimous consent to
inttoduce, fot the purpose of reference merely,
a bill to extend the time lor opening the books of
subsctifdum In the capital stock of tin* Union Gas-
Light Company of the District of Columbia, and
foi other put poses.
Mi. DAWSON objected.
Mi. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
[louse hike a recess until half past seven o'clock
this evening, for debate only.
Mr. COX. 1 move that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Davis, of Alary land, was
agieed to.
The House accordingly took a recess until half
past seven o'clock, p. m.
EVEMNG SESSION.
The House resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock.
TIH5 KUUELLIOTJS fcTATES.
The SPEAKER, 'i he House resumes the con-
sideration of the bill in iei,rard to the rebellious |
Stales, upon which the gemfeman fiom Pcimsyl- I
vania f.Vlr. Thatlr] is entitled to the floor. j
Air. THAYER. iVlr. Speaker, onr experience, ,
in the solution ot the political problems which j
have arisen out of the war, should teach us at
least this lesson, that however great at first sight
may appear to be the difficulties which confront us,
with their great pattern, and all, until the icbel-
lion, moving in harmonious action with the su-
preme national sovereignty, and sending to it,as
rivers send to the sea, their combined btren^th
and power. Sir; the history of the human race
.does not exhibit any monument of ingenuity.at
all comparable with thisgreatframewoik of A mer-
ican political society, which, notwithstanding its
magnitude, the extent of its operations, its com-
plicated arrangements, and the greatness of the re-
sources it commanded and of the power it wield-
ed, yet rested upon the shoulders of the people
as lightly as the atmosphere which they breathed,
it was a lav/ of necessity that when tiaitois ap-
plied the torch to a portion of this great and
beautiful structure, much ruin should ensue, and
that much perplexity should be felt in putting out
the conflagration which their disappointed ambi-
tion had kindled, and in rebuilding the waste
places which their insane fury had destroyed.
When the luin is repaued and the edifice rises
again before the eyes of the nations in lenovated
splendor, the loyal people of this country will
demand that those persons shall not again pass
its protecting portal or enter lis sacred precincts
until they are-purged of their treason, have cast
off the-ir political'vices, and given bonds for our
future security.
From the beginning it was apparent that there
existed in this country a school of politicians
whose principles were Hostile to the perpetuity of
our system, und whose favorite dogma of State
sovereignty was absolutely inconsistent with the
existence of the national Government. The bane-
ful influence of these principles was foreseen by
the great men who were principally instrumental
in the formation of the Constitution and who la-
bored to protect it against them. Therefore it
was that Hamilton declated: " A national Gov-
ernment ought to be able to support lUelf with-
out the aid or interference of the State gov; n-
ments, and therefore it is necessaiy to have juH
i sovereignty." And therefoie it was that Madison
exclaimed: "1 am for a national Govtrihiuni,
though the idea of Federal is, m my view, the
same;"and onanotheroccasion when hedeelau d,
"I appiehend the gieatest danger is hoin en-
croachment of the States on the national Govt u.-
ment. This apprehension is justly founded < n
the experience of ancient confederacies, and out-
own is proof of it." Therelore it was that the
fathers of the Republic in making a Constitution,
made, as the result of this war will demonstrate,
not a league between States, but a Gove rntm nt
for the Amewcan people; a Government wInch
exists not by the consent of tho sections bin bv
the will of the majority of the whole people;
which makes laws notfor Statesbutfor a nation,
and whose authority passes over State lines with
as little notice of them as the winds winch blow
across them. The idea of Slate soveieignty as
understood by the school of politicians referred
to is fundamentally opposed to the Constitution
of the United States, and as inconsistent with it
as the proposition that in the matciial world two
different substances can occupy in space the same
position at the same time.
But from the foundation of the Government to
the present time this pestilent heresy has not-
withstanding had its disciples and propagandists.
When the Democratic party, in the convention
of 1850, adopted the resoluttons of 171)8. which
affirmed the right of a State to interpose its au-
a wise, prudent, and patriotic use ot the powers II thority against the acts of the Um'ted Stales,
delegated by the people of the United States to the |j (which is the very germ of secession,) it btcunie
national Government is suilicient to overcome h apparent that the time must come when tins i.Use
overcome II apparent that the time must come when this false
them. When the war broke out, We were immedi- I pnncipie must grapple in deadly conflict wuh the
ately encompassed by a multitude ot new, stiange, j f ti ue theory of the Government, and one or the
and difficult questions, all of tliemgrowing out of
the pecubaiitiesof apolitical system for the most
part new in the history of man, and for which no
eli U
niutnn, fieit) i
Hoiman. I'm!:.
JUoiub Mill
AjU/niism, .VotMo. J  hi
iJ.uu , Ch:irU> M. tJ<mu.
-  .!, Kem.ui. Kinij. Knapp, La-L<-
H. ^iillei J.nin-h K. Moms,
.* vTeih rry. It id'oi J
exact precedent or parallel had existed in theexpe-
1 fence of the woiid. Tins system rested upon a'
w111ten Constitution at once so complex m its
siiuctuie, yet so simple in its practical operation,
that to tins day it has not ceased to perplex the
.statesmen and politicians of the Old W odd, who,
aici'stomed to more arbitrary forms of govern-
ment, weie unable to comprehend entirelya sys-
tem presenting all the teutuies of a great and
powerful nationality, yet cmbiccmg within itself,
for the purposes of iocal ffoverinnent, thirty-four
subordinate States, each with its three depart-
ments of government modeled in exact accordance
j other of them petish m the encounter. That time
has come, and the war which now desolates the
laud is the legitimate offspring of this pernicious
error, i know, sir, how much the abominable
institution of human slavery had to do with the
origin of the war. I know that in our piesent
miseries we but realize those fearful apprehen-
sions expressed by Air. JVffeison in his JNTou s on
Viigiiua, when he exclaimed, " lnd< ed, I
for iny country when I reflect that God is jut.'."
Slavery was undoubtedly the proximate' r.tusi-
ot the war; nevertheless it was only its r,«!.
mother, itwas born of State sovereignty, tin, uali
suckled into strength and vigor by "tins monster
of cruelty, indeed the parent itself was chiefly
indebted to the same sustenance for the ilaiic. i-
