1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
believing that the policy of a second and third
election is fruitful of temptations, and tends to im-
pair the purity and patriotism of his Administra-
tion, and to surround him with influences fatal to
the use of free and unbiased executive patronage,
and highly dangerous to popular liberty, winch
he was chosen to protect.
9. Through protection to individual rights, in-
cluding those of the writ of habeas corpus, and
the liberty of spceeh and publication, while at the
same time there are suitable safeguards against a
treasonable, subsidized, and corrupted press.
10. The support of a liberal and protective sys-
tem of foreign emigration, which shall attest our
sympathies with the struggling people of Europe,
while it shall replenish the wastes of the present
destructive war, stimulate our injured commerce,
supply the demand for labor, and develop those
immense resources of our country on which we
must so greatly rely for the speedy extinguish-
ment of the national debt.
11. The extension of suitable aid for the con-
struction of a railway across the continent, for the
better union of the Atlantic and Pacific States, and
their easier defense against possible foreign ene-
mies, as well as to hasten the development of the
rich mining regions of the continent, which, we
have reason to believe, are destined to control the
commercial values of the world.
Mr. President, I need not add more. The earn-
est and loyal men of the country are awakening
and uniting upon these issues. We have had
enough of hesitating and uncertain policies;
enough of indecisions and of wrong decisions;
enough of coldness and of neglect given to the
friends of the Government, while favor and kind-
ness have been meted out to its enemies. The
voices of the multitude, like the mingling of many
waters, are calling for vigor, progress, and suc-
cess. This appeal is urged by the sad memories
of an unsatisfied record of the past, by doubtful
and uncei tain movements of the present moment,
and by the most fearful apprehensions of the fu-
ture; and faith in progress and triumph of the
right must not be left to languish without works.
One blow for freedom by an edict of legislative
emancipation, made efficient by a cordial and de-
cided executive enforcement, would make " our
light to rise in obscurity,"and we should expect
success in no other way. And, sir, we are urged
to commence this work only in this way by a re-
membrance of every martyr to liberty since the
foundation of the world, and especially by the
fathers of this Republic, who cradled its infancy,
making it the day-dream of their hopes, while it
"inspired their songs in the night." We are
impelled to it by a sight of the weeds of sorrow,
that are indicative of the mourning of ten thou-
sand hearts, in households now and hereafter to
be forever desolate. We must accomplish this
work in this way to strengthen the arms of our
brave men in the field who are periling their lives
for their country, their Government, and man-
kind. And above all, and more than all, by the
recollection of fifty thousand northern and west-
ern freemen who have gone down to early and
unmonumentcd graves on the soil of slavery, and
because of it, trusting, as 1 hope they did, that
the " spiritof liberty" would early rise from their
ashes and linger there as the guardian of freedom,
restoring man to his manhood, making it doubly
certain that in the Union that is to be liberty and
union shall be forever one and forever inseparable.
Sir, to close the war in this way will be most
gratifying to mankind; for we stand to-day in the
face of the world. The present generation, the
millions to come after us, arc interested, equally
with us, in this struggle. Let the newsgo through
the nations that with the triumph of the Union
liberty has triumphed, every fetter has been bro-
ken, the oppressed gone free, and, sir, every dun-
geon of tyranny in the Old World will be illu-
minated for the hour, and joyous tears of gratitude
falling upon the wastinghmb of the captive will
soften his fetters and enable his emaciated hands
to be uplifted while he thanks his God, and waits,
and hopes. Oh! this is a war for mankind. It
has the old battle-cry of liberty. It establishes
freedom in a free Government as the hope of the
world.
And, sir, 1 will not omit to say that in this con-
flict of arms, if prosecuted in this way, we shall
be successful. Whether tiie sky at this moment
looks bright or dark, whether the conflict of the
present shall rage for a longer or a shorter period,
it shall terminate ere long in the triumph of jus-
tice and liberty. They who are for this result
are more than they who be against it. For to this
side of the issue plead truth, justice, God, and His
oppressed poor; the captive in his cell; the fet-
tered prisoner wasting in despotic and hopeless
dungeons; the slave, waiting in undying hope,and
now for the first time allowed to strike the redeem-
ing blow of his own freedom—these all, all unite
in an appeal of agony that this great heritage of
freedom, bequeathed by its immortal founders to
human nature, shall triumph in this its last great
struggle, and remain here upon this American
continent as an asylum for mankind forever.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, if the
"chairman of the national executive committee"
shall organize a new party which shall accom-
plish ail the great results which he has foreshad-
owed in his speech to-day, it will be well for the
country and well for freedom everywhere.
The honorable Senator fiom Kansas tells us
that he was made chairman of a national execu-
tive committee, and that there was a meeting some-
where in some dark corner—he does not tell us
where—attended by some members of Congress
and some quite respectable people living in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and some distinguished gentle-
men from various States, and that thus assembled
these distinguished persons appointed this com-
mittee. It does not appear that there was any
notice ever published of any such convention, or
of any such organization, or any such assembling
together of distinguished patriots who love their
country better than anybody else loves if, nor does
he state where this grave conclave assembled, nor
when this committee was constituted.
Now, sir, I agree pretty much with everything
the honorable Senator has said. It is true, a great
deal of his speech is made up of old Democratic
platitudes strung together after the manner of old
Democratic platforms. All this twaddle about
economy and theeconomical administration of the
Government was utteied by Democratic politi-
cians who put in nomination Mr. Buchanan just
as clearly and just as forcibly as the honorable
Senator from Kansas has enunciated it to-day.
He has referred to a circular which this "na-
tional executive committee," that somebody ap-
pointed—the honorable Senator docs not tell who
—issued and sent out. He says that he foimally
directed it m a sealed envelope to the Piesident
of the United States, and that it was sent to the
heads of the Departments. What is there  n this
circular? What does it contain? Itdeclaies, fust,
that Mr. Lincoln cannot be reelected, even if we
wanted him for our candidate. How does the
honorable f< chairman of the national executive
committee," which somebody appointed, know
that? The honorable Senator did not inform us,
as " chairman of the national executive com-
mittee," no more than he informed us who made
that committee, and who authorized him on be-
half of any political party or any considerable
body of men to issue any such citeular.
The second proposition in tins circular is, that
if Mr. Lincoln should be reelected, " his manifest
tendency to compromise and temporary expedi-
ents of policy will become stronger during a sec-
ond term than it has been in the first, and the
cause of human liberty and the dignity and honor
of the nation suffer proportionally, while the war
may continue to languish during the whole Ad-
ministration till the public debt shall become a
burden too great to be borne."
I have heaid it said, upon what authority I can-
not say, and I should like to ask the honoiable
" chairman of the national executive committee,"
if he can inform the Senate and the country upon
the fact, whether or no his candidate, the honor-
able Secretary of the Treasury, did not advocate
and recommend on the part of the Administration
that the South should be permitted to go without
resistance? 1 suppose the honorable Senatorcan
answer that question, as he is "chairman of the I
national executive committee," who have raised j
up Mr. Chase as their candidate. I do not see
that the honorable Senator,the " chairman of the
national executive committee," has anything to
respond to that question.
Mr. POMER.OY. I desire the gentleman to
conclude his remaiks before I answer. I do not
like to be interrupted myself when making a
speech, and i never interrupt anybody. When
the gentleman gets through his remarks X _sh#M
have an opportunity to reply.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 do not assert that.Mr.*
Chase ever advocated such a proposition, for I
never heard him do so. I do not assert that he
ever assumed any such position,for I never heard
him assume it; but I have heard other men say
thathe did assume the position,at the commence-
ment of this rebellion, that it was better to let'the
South go than to openly oppose their secession by
force of arms. I should like to have theeountsy
enlightened by the honorable "chairman of the
national executive committee"uponthisone point
in regard to the joosition of his favorite candidate.
The Senator opposes Mr. Lincoln because, he
says, he is too conservative, and will be more so
in a second than he was in his first term. I said
the other day, and I believe it is correct, tbatthe
President of the United States has been too slow;
he has been behind the popular sentiment in this
country, in seizing hold of those great measures
which strike directly at the very root of this re-
bellion; but that, in my judgment, is his only
fault. Mr. Lincoln has never taken one step back-
ward since this rebellion commenced. He has
been as firm as the everlasting hills, when he has
assumed a position in favor of emancipation, or
any other measure; and, while men of his own
party have called upon him, time after time, to
withdraw from the positions he had assumed, he
has remained fixed in his purposes. Mr. -Lincoln
has been as firm as the rocks in his determination
to put down this rebellion, as well as in pressing
forwaid the cause of the Union, and in pursuing
what he believed to be his duty m the maintenance
of this Government. While others have faltered
the President has stood firm; while many of his
friends have doubted, Mr. Lincoln has had faith,
an abiding faith, in the ultimate success of our
cause.
There has not been one hour since the rebellion
broke out when our Chief Magistrate for one
moment entertained the idea of abandoning this
contest. He never for one moment thought of
surrendering one inch of tenitory belonging to
this nation, nor has he entertained the idea of
compromise witli rcbelsin arms, either by letting
them go without resistance, as some suggested, or
by treating while they were! engaged in war upon
the Government.
Accoiding to this circular, while Mr. Lincoln
is too compromising, too vacillating and uncer-
tain, Mr. Chase is the man of all other men to
putdown this rebellion and to maintain the honor
and dignity of the country. Why, sir, in this
very circular the Administration itself is assailed;
and who is the honorable Senator's candidate but
a member of this very Administration ? He seeks
in tliis circular, which is dragged iri here by his
speech, to tear down the Administration in order
to defeat Mr. Lincoln, and then he raises up a
member of this same Administration as his par-
ticular candidate !
The honoiable Senator says that the " national
executive committee"stiil lives. Ho tells us, also,
that he is opposed to sowing discord; that it is
unwise in this hourof peril; and yet ho has issued
and sent all over the countiy a circular, every
tendency of which is to jmpan the confidence of
this nation and of the pnuy friends of Mr. Lin-
coln in his administration. He nfll«rmsthe Sen-
ate that he comes to build up and not to tear
down.
I regret that 1 am compelled to infer from the
course the honorable Senator has taken that he is
bent upon impairing the confidence winch the peo-
ple have in their President. I cannot perceive any
other object in the issuance of the circular to which
he has icferred. i ask the honoiable Senator, is
it patriotic at this time of terrible strife to preju-
dice the people against the Administration winch
is struggling with such great energy to uphold the
Government^? Is it just in t he pretended friends
of the Administration to do this?
Sn , I do not wish to assail the honorable Sec-
retary of the Treasury, because 1 believe he has
performed his duty as ably as any other officer
in (he Government. I do not believe there is any
officer in the Government, or that the Government
ever had an officer who discharged hie severe du-
ties with gieatur ability than the honorable Sec-
retary of the Treasury; but I submit whether it
is in good taste for the friends of that officer, while
he remains in the Cabinet of M \ Lincoln, to aa-
