?$8Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
very first information that the army of McClel-
lau had of the approach of Jackson from the
Shenandoah toward Mechanicsville was given
by a contraband who came into my lines a little
above Atlee's station. When I had examined
him I sent him to headquarters, with a note stat-
ing that he possessed and had given me valuable
information. Porter sent him back to me with
directions to send him through my lines again for
more information. That very night he passed
through the picket lines of the enemy, and in
twenty-four ho.urs returned wiLh information of
the exact position of Jackson and his army, and
of his designs. And yet, according to the doc-
trine of my colleague, I should have put chains and
manacles on that man, and with stripes sent him
back to his master. What right had he there?
Set at him the blood-hounds of the fugitive slave
law; "theCoNSTiTUTioNguarantiesslavery; you
are agitating the rebels and making them worse."
Irritating them; yes, sir, that is the expression.
I irritated that man's master by not sending him
back. Was not that man more valuable to the
Government than Jeff. Davis and his whole crew
ever were ? Was he not better entitled to respect
from the white men of this nation than any man
now in the rebel ranks, or who sympathizes with
them, no matter what his position or wealth?
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he thinks the white man is equal to the
negro.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, that is
a silly"question which it is useless to answer. I
think some white men are better than some other
jvhite men. I think some white men are better
than some negroes, and that some negroes are
better than some white men, especially those of
the copperhead'persuasion.
Mr. Speaker, upon every battle-field where the
black troops have had any chance to show their
gallantry and bravery, they have vindicated the
high estimation which has been placed upon them
ami the confidence imposed in them in elevating
them to the position of soldiers. I know it used
to be said when the idea of arming the blacks
was first broached that white soldiers would not
fight by the side of black men. Go to the Army
to-day and witness the charge of a black brigade,
and then come back and tell me whether the white
soldieris not willing that the black man shall light
by his side. Witness the shouts and plaudits
and cheers which ring out from the throats of the
white soldiers as the black men march steadily
up to the serried lines of the rebels, and then
come b ck and tell me if the white man is not
willing that the black man shall help him to fight
the butties of hid country.
Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of finishing this
business entirely and finally now. No child is
so simple as not to know that slavery is the cause
of this war; that it is the source of all our woe.
Then why not finish it? It has spread the land
with weeds and mourning. It has hung the very
heavens with black. It has disgraced and dishon-
ored us long enough with the other nations of the
eaith, and God'is now chastising us for the sin.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, it is not my in-
tention to detain the House at this late period of
the present discussion with any protracted ex-
pression of my views in regard to the measure
now before the House. I rise merely to make one
or two suggestions in reply to the line of argu-
ment which was pursued yesterday upon this
question by gentlemen on the opposite side of the
House, and to give my reasons why I believe it
to be the duty of every man who lias the welfare
of his country at iujait 10 vote im the joint reso-
lution now before thu House. With that class of
thinkers who agree with the member from the. fifth
congressional district of New York [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood] that slavery is the best possible con-
dition for the negro race, or for any race, I do not
intend at the present time to enter into argument.
Sir, I would consider it derogatory to the repre-
sentatives of a free people to enter into a deliberate
argument to refute a proposition so monstrous
and so barbarous as that enunciated by the gentle-
man fiorn New York. Humanity and civilization
revolt against a sentiment so inhuman m itself,
and so debasing to the mind that holds it, as the
sentiment which we listened to yesterday, that
slavery is the best possible condition of the negro
race.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD, i reaffirm it.
Mr. THAYER. I am willing that he shall re-
affirm it. Let that record which he here reaffirms
to-day go down to posterity in the history of this
country, and let those who act with the gentleman
from New York assume the responsibility of that
sentiment before the country if they dare.
Sir, the gentleman from New York has a right
to his sentiments. He has a right to express them.
While I find no fault with his expression of them
I can only say that for myself I would not hold
or avow a sentiment so barbarous, so cruel, and
so inhuman in its character as that for all the
wealth and honor that are embraced within the
four quarters of the world.
I do not intend, sir, to enter into an argument
to show that the negro is not a brute but a man.
I will not insult the presence in which I stand by
entering into an argument to prove that which
every man's conscience, which every man's hu-
manity, must or ought to admit without argument.
I have said, sir, that I do not intend in the few
moments during which I shall occupy the atten-
tion of the House to deal with that kind of argu-
ment. I content myself here with simply denounc-
ing such sentiments as those expressed by the
gentleman from New York as barbarous, inhu-
man, uncivilized,and unchristian. I am willing
that the record which he has made shall go down
to posterity as he has chosen to make it yester-
day and to reaffirm it to-day.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. That is why I
did it, for posterity, not for this House, nor for
the fanaticism of the day.
Mr. THAYER. I pass from that. I have
nothing to say to men who hold sentiments of
that character. In my opinion it js too late in the
history of the world, and too late in the history
of this country, for it to be necessary to enter into
any argument to prove the falsity and the inhu-
manity of a sentiment like that to which I have
■referred.
But, sir, I pass to some objections which were
urged to the passage of this joint resolution on the
ground of a want of power in Congress to puss
it. It was said by the gentleman from New York
from the fourteenth district [Mr. Pruyn] that we
had no right—at least I understood tbat to be the
line of his argument—to provide for an amend-
ment of this charactcr to the Constitution. He
referred to the fact that all the amendments of the
Constitution that have hitherto been adopted were
restrictive in their character. And, if I under-
stood him, he meant to build upon a statementof
that fact an argument that we hud no light so to
amend the Constitution as to enlarge the powers
of the General Government. I take issue with
the gentleman on thatargument. I stand on the
Constitution when I say that the people of the
United States have by the forms and instrument-
alities prescribed in the Constitution an unlim-
ited right to amend that instrument, except in the
particulars in which they are prohibited by the
fundamental law itself. When I find in an in-
strument like this a power given to amend in
every respect except in pertain specified particu-
lars, on what has an argument to stand which
says that you can only amend it in one direc-
tion, that you can only amend it in a manner
that shall restrain and contract the powers origin-
ally granted, and that you cannot amend it in a
direction that will enlarge its powers or improve
its character? Such a principle as that conflicts
with the very foundationsofliberty. Upon what
ground, I ask, are the people of the United States
to be told that they cannot, if they choose, im-
prove the fundamental law of their Government?
Suppose (he people of the United States were to
propose to amend the Constitution so as to en-
large the presidential term of office to six years,
would that be a restriction of the rights already
granted? Undoubtedly not. And yet, accord-
ing to the theory of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Pruyn,] they could not so amend the
Constitution. So if the people should choose to
alter the Constitution in regaid to the length of
service of their Representatives in Congress, or
to enlarge the powers of Congress, they clearly
may do it. I suppose there is no one on this
floor who would deny that proposition. And
yet such an amendment would be in direct con-
travention of the principle laid down by the
gentleman from New York, because it would not
be a restriction or limitation of the rights already
granted, but an enlargement of them.
I mightmultiply these illustrationsindefinitely,
but there is no necessity to do so. The fallacy
of the argument is as clearly demonstrated by
one example as it would be by a hundred. The
truth is that there is not the slightest foundation
for the principle laid down by the gentleman from
New York.
The people have, in making the Constitution,
reserved to themselves aright of amendment un-
limited, except m the particulars in which they
have chosen, in the fifth article, to restrain them-
selves from amendment, and those are so clearly
defined that it is impossible to fall into any mis-
take in regard to them. You cannot alter the
equality of suffrage in the Senate without the
consent of the State to be affected thereby. You
could not, prior to 1808, prohibit the slave trade
or alter the proportion of direct taxes to the cen-
sus as prescribed in the ninth section of the first
article. These were fundamental points which
the framcrs of the Constitution declared should
not be changed. In no other respects was the
will of the people to be restricted. In all other
matters the power of amendment is unlimited.
In all other matters three fourths of the States
may amend, revise, restrict, enlarge, or correct,
as it may suit their own judgment.
Sir, this is a matter for the people of the United
States. We are not amending the Constitution.
We do not propose to amend the Constitution.
We propose by this joint resolution to afford the
people the opportunity of amending their Consti-
tution if they see proper to exercise that power.
When the Legislatures of the several States shall
act upon the amendment proposed to them by
Congress in accordance with the provisions ofthe
Constitution, they will act as the representatives
of the people. The votes which they will give for
or against any such amendment are the votes of
the representatives of the people. Their voices
are the voice of the people. If then, sir, the
people have an unlimited right of amendment of
their Constitution except in so far as they have
choscn in the fundamental law to restrain them-
selves from the exercise of that right, the only
question which remains is whether it is proper at
the present time to afford the people the oppor-
tunity of so amending the Constitution of the
United States, if they shall see proper so to do, as
to prohibit slavery forever within the territory of
the United States.
But here we are met with the objection that the
time is not auspicious for such action; that it is
not a proper time to amend the Constitution in
this respect. Why, sir, what time could be more
opportune for effecting this great national reform
than the present time ? What hour is more proper
for thp punishment of a great State criminal than
the hour in which he is found engaged in the com-
mission of his crime? This institution, sir, has
waged war against the life, the liberties, and the
Government of the nation; and this institution
for this crime deserves to die. It should die in
the commission of its great and unpardonable
crime. No more proper time could be fixed for in-
flicting the punishment than the time in which it is
engaged in carrying on this desolating war against
the very existence of the Government.
But we are told that this will rxnsperate the
people ofthe South; that we should act calmly
upon so grave a measure; that it will drive the
South to fiercer resistance. Sir, if a smile were
not out of place in the discussion of a subject so
terrible and so distressing in its character as the
war which now rages in tins country, surely wuch
an argument as tins would justify it. The atro-
cities committed by the traitois in arms have been
so many and so great that it is mere folly t  speak
of increasing their hatred or exasperation. To the
ferocity and vindictiveness of those who, for the
extension and perpetuation of this rrucl and i e-
morseless institution, have commenced and are
now carrying on this war against the Government
of the United States, you can add nothing by any
legislation which youmay propose here; youcun
add nothing to the hate which these conspnators
against public liberty entertain against the free in-
stitutions of the United States" and the people
who are in arms to defend them.
I repeat, sir, that now is the time to uproot and
destroy forever this prolific cau^e of all our suf-
ferings. Let the institution of human slavery,
which has seton foot this diabolical war and filled
the land with desolation and sorrow,perish from
