2004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
,ingofthe inequality which such a provision would
introduce, would place the very existence of in-
stitutions created by the national Legislature and
intended to be entirely undents control and reg-
ulation at the mercy of political parties in thirty-
four different Legislatures. Indeed, scarcely any
national measure of importance'can be started here
that is not destined to be fatally crippled in its
usefulness or Absolutely turned into stone by this
Medusa's head. The cry of centralization and
consolidation is raised by shallow minds against
everything of an exclusively national character
which originates here. From a certain school of
theorists and politicians this is to be expected.
Their political cogitations revolve upon an axis
' but have no orbits. The axis is State sovereignty,
around which they spin continually but make no
progress. Sir, the people of the United States
have by their Constitution made themselves a na-
tion, and such, by the blessing of God, they in-
tend to remain. It is time that their Representa-
tives should comprehend this great fact. There
is in this country but one sovereignty. That re-
sides in the people of the United States in their
collective capacity; and of that sovereignty there
is but one organ, and that organ is the Govern-
ment of the United States, consisting of its three
factors, Congress, Judiciary, and Executive.
If any one shall ask what this discussion has to
do with the present measure before the House, 1
answer, much. For in this great fact, that in the
national Government alone is deposited (he sov-
ereignty of the people, lies the solution of the diffi-
culties which lie in our path in rebuilding that
fjortion of our inheritance which the rebellion has
aid wuste. The powers delegated by the people
of the United States to the national Government
are sufficient for the great work we have before us.
That the time has come in which Congress in
the exercise of the great powers conferred upon
it by the people should settle and authoritatively
declare the terms and conditions upon which the
peopleofthe rebellious districts should be restored
to their State privileges and resume their just re-
lations to the national Governmentdoes notadmit
of doubt. Large portions of territory have been
wrested from the rebellion. Order, law, and the
national authority must be reestablished in those
regions. The people who inhabit them, or at
least such of them as are willing to return to then-
allegiance to the United States and to acknowledge
its sovereignty and obey its laws, should be re-
stored with the least possible delay to the privi-
leges of representativt^jrovernment. Humanity
demands this; the pacification of the country de-
mands this; the principles of our political system
demand it; justice, expediency, and the welfare
of the whole country alike demand it. Passing
events admonish us that we can r o longer delay
the exercise of our powers in this respect without
justly subjecting ourselves to the charge of neg-
lecting both our own duty and the highest in~
terests of the people. Here alone resides the
power. Congress alone can enact the laws which
arc to reconstruct the political societies in which
the fundamental principle of loyalty to the na-
tional Government and obedience to its laws and
respect for its authority have been obliterated by
the violence of rebellion. The President of the
United States cannot enact these laws, and it is
in my opinion a reproach to Congress that by its
inaction up to the present time it has rendered it
necessary that the national Executive should be
obliged by a sense of obligation to the public wel-
fare to resort to tempoiary expedients (or the
preservation of public order and the assertion of
national supremacy in those districts and States
which the valor of our soldiers has ledeemed
from the insulting domination of the rebel ai my.
With regard to what has been done, the press-
ing necessities of the case demanded executive
action in the absence of action here. The Pres-
ident would have violated his obligations to the
country if he had neglected to reestablish the au-
thority of the United States in the regions which
have been recovered from the public enemy, and
to restore to the people of those regions the pro-
tection of the United States, and of a tempoiary
government administered by those who repre-
sented lis authoiity and would see that it was
enforced and respected. What has been done in
that respect by the President 1 believe to have
been well done, wisely done, and patriotically
done, and to have been demanded alike by the
necessity of the case and for the welfare of the
Republic. But it is the duty of Congress to put
an end to the necessity which existed for execu-
tive action, and by the exercise of that exclusive
authority over the subject which belongs to it by
the Constitution to relieve the Executive Magis-
trate as speedily as possible from any further ac-
tion or responsibility in the matter. To us, and
to us alone, belong the duty and the responsibil-
ity of declaring the terms upon which the com-
munities which have revolted from the United
States, and which have by the success of our
arms been again subjected to its authority, shall
be restored again to the privileges and immuni-
ties which belong to American citizens. To us
alone belongs the making of the laws which are
to accomplish this great object, and which are to
place upon secure foundations the future author-
ity and prosperity of the United States. Let us
no longer delay the performance of this great
duty, but enter upon it with a determination so to
build that this great house of freedom shall not
again be undermined or shaken by the evil influ-
ences which have caused the present disaster.
Sir, we have heard much said upon the ques-
tion whether the rebel States are now in or out of
the Union. Much ingenuity and many arguments
have been expended upon it. But in my judg-
ment such discussions are as useless as those in
which some ancient lawyers have indulged in
their efforts to determine where the remainder is
in case of a lease for life remainder to the right
heirs of J. S. then living; whether it is in abey-
ance, in gremio legis, or in nubibus. There are
well-founded objections to its being in either place,
and so there may be to any direct answer given to
the question with which gentlemen have exercised
their intellectual faculties. This has been a favor-
ite question with the gentlemen who sit on the op-
posite side of this House, and they have built
lengthy arguments and wasted much breath upon
the answers to it so obligingly given on this side.
If it is answered that the rebel States are in the
Union they immediately respond that they are
then entitled to all the advantages of that position,
and to the protection of the Constitution, and that
their State organizations have been unaffected by
the rebellion. If it be answered that they are out
of the Union they immediately demand by what
authority, then, we can treat them as rebels. It
matters not in either case that the conclusion
drawn is based upon a bald and familiar fallacy.
In both cases the answer is alike favorable to
their friends.
Whatever difficulties such minds may have in
regard to the present condition of the rebel States,
tiiis much is plain to all who deny the right of
secession and who believe in the right of the peo-
ple of the United States to preserve their Gov-
ernment from destruction and their country from
dismemberment, namely, that both the territory
which has been subjected to rebel control and the
people who inhabit it are lawfully subject to the
authority of theUnited States, and must be made
to respect and obey it. The question before us is,
in what manner and upon what conditions the peo-
ple of those States may, as rapidly as by the bless-
ing of God upon ourarms the national sovereignty
is reestablished in those regions, be restored to
the right of self-government and of representation
in the national Legislature.
That in doing this it is our duty to adopt such
safeguards as may be necessary to protect the
country against future outbreaks of a similar char-
acter, to insure permanent peace and tranquillity,
and to settle upon secure foundations the author-
ity of the national Government, would seem to
be a pioposition too clear for debate, if we neg-
lect these precautions we are false to the great
trust which the people have reposed in ourhands.
Much has been said from time to time in regard
to the subjugation of the South, and it has been
made the theme of much party clamor. But 1 am
not aware that either the Government or any one
else has proposed more in this respect than to re-
establish theauthonty of the United States in that
portion of its domain, und to exact such condi-
tions from its people, as preliminary to their res-
toration to the full rights of citizenship, as may
be necessary to the safety of our republican sys-
tem. These conditions are to be prescribed by the
representatives of the people, assembled in the
Congiess of the United States, if to be restored
to the national protection, to be subjected to the !
national authority, to enjoy the privileges of
American citizenship and the blessings of repre-
sentative government, upon conditions entirely
compatible with personal and political liberty,
but involving unqualified allegiance to the su-
preme authority of the Union and the total ex-
tirpation of the very root of the rebellion—if this
be subjugation, then they must pass beneath the
yoke.
To reward the perpetrators of this great crime
against civil liberty by welcoming them back to
the Union without securities for the present or
pledges for the future; to place the destinies of the
country in the hands of their representatives
without any safeguard against the repetition of
the treason which has desolated the land with fire
and sword, which has created burdens under
which our posterity must toil for generations,
which has filled a continent with groans of an-
guish, and made our sufferings the jestand mock-
ery of every despot in the world—this would in-
deed be a folly unequaled in the history of time,
a crime against the living and the dead. Every
soldier who has given his life for this great causc,
from Big Bethel to Gettysburg, and who died that
his country mightlive, wouldupbraid us from his
heroic grave for an infidelity so great as this. No,
sir. They who have at such great cost saved the
present demand that we should make the future
secure. All the sufferings and sacrifices of the
past, all the struggles of the present, all the hopes
of the future implore, nay, demand of us that as
the rebel armies are forced back, and the territory
of the Union is reclaimed from the rebellion, suefi
conditions shall be imposed and such measures
enacted that the peace which is attained shall, in
its glory and its permanency, be proportioned to
the self-devotion, the sufferings,and the heroism
by which it was achieved. If we fail in this we
fail alike in ourduty to our country and our grat-
itude to those who have saved it from disruption,
debasement, and perpetual war.
Upon what conditions, then, if successful in the
present struggle, must we insist, as preliminary
to the reorganization of local governments in the
rebel States in accord with the Government of
the United States? There are three which in
my opinion are indispensable to our self-respect
and our future security; and it is because these
three conditions are contained in the bill now be-
fore the House that I shall give it my support,
content to abide by such alteration in the details
of the measure proposed as Congress may in its
wisdom see fit to adopt, while these conditions,
which I regard as the essential features of any
plan for the restoration of the rebel States to their
proper position in the American Union, are pie-
served:
1. Any governments there organized must he
based upon the principle of unconditional and per-
petual loyalty to the Government of the United
States, subordination to its power, and submis-
sion to its Constitution and laws.
2. The institution of slavery in those States
must be totally extirpated and forever prohibited
by their fundamental law.
3. Compulsory repudiation of the rebel debt.
The local governments in the rebel States have
been violently driven from their natural and proper
orbits and brought into destructive collision with
the national Governmentaround which theyhavo
heretofore peacefully revolved. All their powers
and resources have been perverted from their true
purposes and concentrated in the unnatural wur
which they have waged against the Government
of the United States. The prosecution of that wur
has been the chief object of their legislation for
the last three years. They have attempted not
only to break that bond of eternal allegiance which
bound them to the General Government, but to
substitute for it an alliance with anotherand hos-
tile government, the creature of their own trea-
sonable revolt, and supported it by their govern-
ors, their representatives, their judiciary, their
supplies, their money, and th „ ir men. They have
in their legislative acts, in the proclamations of
their governors, in the judgments of their courts,
by every public officer in their service, and by
every function at their command, forsworn their
allegiance to the United States, banished its offi-
cers, seized its property, reviled its sovereignty,
and made war upon itsloya! citizens. Every offi-
cer, civil and military, in their service is a sworn
enemy of the United States.
