2982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
leagues, now dead, the lamented Crittenden, and
Jackson who fell so gallantly at the battle of Per-
ryville, and my colleague from the Maysville dis-
trict,[Mr. Wadsworth.] Congress had passed
the confiscation bill, limited in its operation and
scope, confiscating only the property of rebels
used in the rebellion and emancipating the slaves
so used. We thought we saw in that measure
the commencement of this emancipation policy of
the Government which would lead to disastrous
results. We visited the President with a view of
trying to induce him to forbid that law. We had
a long and free conversation with him. He left
the impression on my mind and on the minds of
my colleagues that he would not give his sanction
to that law. He said that he was opposed to this
whole system of legislation, and left the impres-
sion on us, although he did not say so m express
terms, that he would veto that bill. In the course
ofthat conversation he turned to meand, address-
ing me personally, said: "Mr. Mallory, this
war, so for as I have anything to do with it, is
carried on on the idea that there is a Union sen-
timent in these States, which, when set free from
the control now held over it by the presence of
the confederate or rebel power, will be sufficient
to replace those States in the Union. If I am
mistaken in this, if there is no such sentiment
theie, if the people of those States are determined
with unanimity, or with a feeling approaching
unanimity, that their States shall not be members
of this Confederacy, it is beyond the powerof the
people of the other States to force them to remain
in the Union;"and said he," in that contingency—
in the contingency that there is not that sentiment
there—this war is not only an error; it is a crime."
That was his declaration at the commencement of
this war. Since then he has been induced to
change his policy by his friends on the other side
of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MALLORY. 1 have only forty minutes,
and must decline to yield.
Mr. STEVENS. I dislike to raise a point of
order on the gentleman; but if he will not let me
ask my question, I shall have to do so.
Mr. MALLORY. Go on and make your point
of order. I do not yield under a threat.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not threaten; and if the
gentleman takes it unkindly, 1 will withdraw the
request. I thought he was going on out of order.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman asks me
in that way i will yield to him. I did not wish
to yield undei a threat,
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; I meant no threat.
I withdraw the request.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, from that
time to this—I charge here—the President of the
United States, after having made tome thisderla-
ration, and his aiders and abettors on that side of
the House have persistently, constantly,and with
diabolical ingenuity, struggled by their legislation
and policy to crush out the Union sentiment ex-
isting in the southern States. I go further, and
s<iy that 1 believe that by that harsh policy they
have accomplished their purpose. I go still fur-
ther, and say that 1 believe, with many a man on
that side of the Iiouse, this was designed and
looked for and intended. They wished to crush
out Union sentiment in the South, and to have
nobody there their friend. They wished to pur-
sue that whole country with a sword in one hand
and a fire-brand in the other, burning and de-
stroying as they went, in order todo—what? To
wipe out the white people of the country and sup-
plant them by hlack fiee men, whom they are
going to make American citizens, to be controlled
and governed by the northern emigrants whom
they may think proper to send there from New
England.
I am very much afraid, Mr. Speaker, as I
charged a few moments ago, that by that policy,
by that persistent effort to exterminate slavery by
moans of cruel and unconstitutional acts, they
have succeeded in rendering a continuation of
this Union impossible, and theymay in that way
have made slavery the cause of the dissolution of
the Union. 1 deplore it, sir. This Union is the
very life-blood of Kentucky, and I deplore its
destruction. I will raise my voice and do any act
to prevent a consummation which we in our State
would deplore as one of the greatest, if not the
greatest, evil that could befall uu. If you say to
those rebellious States, "Submit to the authority
of the Federal Government, yield obedience to
the law," they have the right to ask you what
they are to expect if they comply with your de-
mand. And what is the reply? "You are to
expect that you shall be stripped of every particle
of your property. You have to expect that the
right of self-government will be taken from you.
You have to expect that the President and Con-
gress will frame and impose on you such form of
State government "as they may think proper; that
the President shall indicate notonly the men who
shall vote in the elections for members of Con-
gress and of the State Legislatures, but shall also
indicate the men who shall be elected to those
offices, and the peculiar qualifications of electors
and office-holders in those States. You have to
expect nothing better than that. You are to ex-
pect, if you come back, to come back the abject
and submissive slaves of the conquering power."
Sir, in the most arrogant days of the Roman
empire, when, after a province was subdued, the
conqueror came back to Rome with a long train of
captives following his chariot and forced to pass
sub jugo, there never was presented a spectacle
more mournful and degrading than that which
you propose to subject this people to.
Mr. WADSWORTH. It is impossible.
Mr, MALLORY. I believe it is impossible,
it cannot be done until all spirit and pride are
crushed out of a gallant and proud race, and that
can only be done when they are exterminated.
Mr. Speaker, what is the necessity for this con-
stitutional amendment? Why do gentlemen of
the Republican party want to tamper with the
Constitution? TheBaltimoreconvention indorses
every act of the President of the United States;
and the President says in his letter to A. G.
Hodges, of Kentucky, that while there is a step
to be taken indispensable to save the nation he
will take it, although he knows it to Mi in viola-
tion of the Constitution, and that he has a right
todo it, and that such step is lawful. Lawful
to violate the Constitution which he has taken a
solemn oath to protect and defend! Lawful to
violate that in order to presrve the nation by the
commission of any act he may deem indispensa-
ble to such preservation ! Oh ! what fidelity to
the Constitution rests on the conscience of that
great man 1 Whatalaw-maker, what a law-giver,
what a law-enforcer he is! Would he not be a
pretty amender of the Constitution of the United
States framed by Washington and Hamilton and
Madison? Why do you want to change it?
The President strikes down the writ of habeas
corpus, the safeguard of personal liberty, and
says that is indispensable and is right. And you
support him m it. He abolishes trial byjury, and
says that it is indispensable to do it in order to
get at traitors; and you say so, too, and that he
has a light to do it, because he deemed it indis-
pensable. He has arrested without " warrant"
and condemned without "due process of law"
hundreds of our citizens, and confined them in
prisons and forts, who have been ascertained to
be guiltless of any crime, and you approve it.
He has subjected hundreds of free citizens not in
military service to be tried by military tribunals,
and punished by martial law, and you indorse it.
He struck down slavery, as he himself acknowl-
edges, in defiance of the rights of the States to
cqntrol their own domestic institutions. He says
it was in violation of the Constitution, and that
he knew it when he did it. You say it was in-
dispensable as a war measure, and, constitutional
or unconstitutional, it is right. Very well; why,
then, do you want to tamper with the Constitu-
tion? Why do you want to change the Consti-
tution? Why do you want to exercise this power
through the Constitution to accomplish that
which you say the President has already done
with your consent, in spite of and in violation of
the Constitution ? The Constitution is no impedi-
ment to the President or to you.
Sir, in discussing this question I feel for my
country, 1 feel for those who framed the Consti-
tution, I feel even for you gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, for I do not want to see
inflicted upon any portion of my fellow-citizens
the contempt of the country and of the whole
civilized world, such as will be visited on your
heads for the tergiversation you have practiced
since the commencement of this war. You have
broken faith with the country; you have broken
faith with States still loyal to the Constitution;
you have broken faith, and you now propose to
break faith by taking to yourselves the control
over an institution which not only the require-
ments of the Constitution but all the dictates of
reason and justice join in urging should remain
under the control of the several States.
I ask gentlemen, if they will not regard the dic-
tates of conscience and reason in this matter, to
consider what a precedent they are setting. We
are now carrying on a war which I believe, so
help me God, unless the policy upon which it is
being carried on is changed, will render any other
result than the total destruction of the Union im-
possible. You are heaping up a national debt of
four to six thousand millions, which will in future
be represented by the bonds of the United States.
You are heaping up this debt at a fearful rate for
the benefit of shoddyites and the manufacturers
and capitalists in the eastern States. Suppose
you do as you profess to believe; after carrying
on the war until you have heaped up the public
debt to five or six thousand million dollars, wrung
from the labor and sweat of the people of the
whole country, and especially of the West, by
taxes, by which those colossal fortunes in the
East have been reaped, suppose you bring it to a
close by crushing out the power of the South,
have you ever reflected on what is to follow ?
Have you ever reflected what a precedent you are
setting by the acts of broken faith you have here-
tofore perpetrated and are now enacting? When
this public debt of five or six thousand million
dollars, held by eastern men, shall come to stare
the nation in the face; when the men of the West
shall be called on to have wiung out of their
scanty earnings the amount required to pay the
interest on that debt, and when the price of their
products shall have been reduced,as they will be
in that day, these men, with starvation before
them, will be driven to say thev will no longer
stfbmit to" these exactions, they will be no longer
responsible for the public debt. You will say,
"That is a breach of the public faith; your faith
was plighted to pay this debt; you will be dis-
graced in the eyes of the civilized world if you
repudiated." In that day ofyour terror and your
alarm, in that day, when these millionaires, these
men of opulence, are being reduced to poverty
and want, I will not laugh at your calamity, I
will not mock when your fear cometh; I will
mourn with you in your affliction.
But if the people of this country, following the
wild precedents you have set them, and are pro-
posing to set them to-day, swear that they will
not submit to be impoverished by exactions to
swell the bloated coffers of the eastern millionaire
enriched by sucking like a vampne the blood of
his country, and in the exercise of their power
wipe this debt, and the barnacle fortunes that hang
to it, out of existence, it will not be for you to
complain. It will not become you to cry out,
Broken faith!
Now, let me ask you a practical question. What
do you intend to do with the slaves you propose
to set free? What are you going to do with the
elephant when you get him ? [Laughter.] Has
anybody attempted to furnish a solution of this
question? Yes, sir, a solution has been attempted;
1 will examine it. They propose to put those cf
them capable of rendering military setvice into
the Army tofightthe battles of thecountry. They
have been placed in the Army to the number of
one hundred and thirty or one hundred and fifty
thousand. Where, in your armies, have you
placed these men? Have you placed them as a
shield between the enemy and yourwhi'e troops?
A gentleman in this House in the last Congress
declared he was willing a black soldier should
stand as a shield betsveen his son and the bullets
of the enemy. No, sir; these black men have
not been placed in that position; they have been
placed behind foitifications and out of the roach
of the guns of the enemy. You make them equal
to white soldiers in pay, clothing, rations', and
position; you make them superior in position to
white soldiers by saving them from danger and
wounds and death. You degrade the white pri-
vate soldier to a level with or below the negro;
but the officers you make a privileged class. You
make the black private soldiers equal to the white,
but you will not allow your white officers to be
degraded by allowing the negro to become his
equal in position as an officer in the Army of the
