2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
etted the ties of national allegiance, and at last
arrayed' itself in bloody war against the Govern-
ment, shall be forever binned out in the rebel
States,'and that upon its ruins shall be written a
h^gend- like that which indignant Prance wrote
over the gateway of rebellious Lyons, " Slavery
made war Upon the Republic; slavery is no more!"
They demand ihis as the right of war against the
public enemy. They demandit in the name of
that very Constitution which is sought here to be
made its shelter-and its shield. They demand it
as the only adequate compensation for the sacri-
fices which they have made and the sufferings
which they have endured. They demand it in
the fiarae of liberty and humanity. They demand
it as£he only pledge of future union and tran-
quillity. Th6y demand it for their own peace and
safety and for the repose a^d security of tlicii chil-
dren.1 -Already its grim and terrible form, weak-
ened jbyits wounds, begrimed with the dust of
battle/ and covered with the blood of brave men
which has been shed in this sanguinary war,
coders and reels before the banners of the Repub-
lic?. As ft falls let it hear ringing in its oars the
decre6 for its extermination pronounced here by
Representatives of the people.
' I rejoice that I'shall be able to say, when I
go home,to my constituent*, that whatever differ-
ences^ opinion in regard to public affairs may
prevail among the members lof this House, I be-
lieve that those among them who a re not true and'
loyal to their country at this critical moment of
its existence are few in number and insignificant
in influence. Greater responsibilities never rested
upon th% representative* of a free people than
those which weigh upon us. if we pet form the
safcred trust which has been confided to us, with
courage find fidelity, wc shall receive the thanks
of a'grateful people, and will not be unremem-
bered in that bright and Imppy future' when our
vast and fertile country, etching fiom sea to sea,
arid from the fiigid* to the torrid zone, with her
millions of rejoicing people, shall come forth from
her present trials, purified and strengthened by
the terrible orchid, and put on her garments of
peace again. When the storm-clouds of the pres-
ent disastrous time shall have cloared away, and
our country shall ornery from them clothed with
new vigor, with renewed strength, and with in-
destructible unity, History will take Up her pen,
and, in the clear sunshine of that proud and
prosperous day, record- on her enduring tablets
the nanus of'those whcV woiu true to ils liberty,
its unity, and its glory. And she will  Uo, I am
compelled to add, at the same time write in her
eternal record the severe and unalterable verdict
of posterity against thone who, without the ex-
cuse of pasmicm or the temptation of self-interest,
abandoned in the moment of hei most imminent
and deadly pen! the country winch gavo them
birth; who derided her great struggle for self-
preservation; who would have struck from her
hand the award which yhu hud drawn to protect
her honor and her HfV; who sympathized with
her foes, and gave them moral if not material aid;
who contemplated with unconcern the threatened
dissolution of the Government und the country,
and whose voices were only heard in this Hall as
the echoes of those of her enemies.
Mr. YEAM AN. Mr. Speaker, the bill before
us is1 generally called the reconstruction bill.
Viewing it simply in the light of the Constitution,
i am unable to see our power to legislate away
the laws and institutions of States, though the
people of such States be in rebellion. As a measure
of policy it seems to mo not well to fix in'advance
an ideal or legislative standaid to the measure of
which we 'will feel bound to work in practice,
although a restoration might forthwith appear
practicable or be sought for on a different plan.
Having pledged otuselves to this plan, and the
fruits of the plan to those whom it purports to
free, are we bound to go to this pread vanced mark,
though it be through a sea of our own blood?
Viewing it from the stand-point of those who de-
sire universal abolition, it would seem to be idle
and premature legislation, because without mili-
tary success the law is a dead letter, and with
military success under the present programme,
abolition ts accomplished without the law. Wc
present the curious spectacle of legislating for a
vast region which our aims cannot to-day pene-
trate, and while the wager of battle hangs in
doubt. Here i might stop. But as we arc try-
ing to mend the Government, I propose to inquire
what atis the Government,.and the result of the
inquiry will be to show that there is and can be
no reconstruction without a more thorough and
fruitful military success than has yet crowned our
arms; that we as a people must come out of this
contest with a new and a becter political educa-
tion, an education having for its basis the idea that
we are ajiationt only being careful that the ex-
cessive"* reboulid which secession may give the'
public mmd does not absorb all to the nation,and
obliterate the idea of local or municipal adminis-
trations without which no-great empire can exist
except as a despotism, it is plain that rn this idea
of our political situation it is immaterial what be-
comes of slavery as a form of labor, just so the
maelstrom that wrecks it does not also wreck our
free institutions. I speak plainly and earnestly
about the first necessity of our political salvation.
I mean the success of our arms. Without that
wc have lost the prize at stake in thisgreatgame.
With that, so we carry the Constitution with the
sword, reconstruction or lestoration will come
without any bill of forms and conditions for that
purpose. Government will spring 111 full-grown
beauty from the American mmd like Minerva
from the head of Jupiter, so soon as that mind can
work free of rebel compulsion, and sees that it
must woik in the piucmets of the Union. It
hardly needs argument to show that we retard
the Ibi-mation of that Government, and increase
the measure of blood it must cost by prescribing
m advance any other conditions for it than that it
must be republican in form. Moreover, I deem
it'not unfair to icgurd this bill as a link in the
great legislative system embracing enlistments,
emancipation, couiiscntion, bounty lands in the
youth, and that political status of the negro pointed
to by the {Senate bill regarding this District, and
the recent bill regarding negro suffrage in Mon-
tana Tci ritory.
I propose then, as being germane to thesubject,
to discuss the oiigm, progjess, and consequences
of our picsent troubles in the light of our institu-
tions, more especially of democracy, African sla-
very, and the relation of the States to the na-
tional Government, and in the light of the great
contests of parties which mediately and immedi-
ately preceded the outbioak. However remote
some of these may appear, their connection is
continued and regular if not direct. We are too
much in the habit of considering great events, by
themselves, or at moat only in relation to those
causes visibly and presently connected with them,
and often fail to dtscei n the real causes of a gtoat
social or political revolution by failing to look far
enough into the past, or deep enough into our
own nature and consciences to find them. Great
changes in the habits or institutions of men',
though sometimes suddenly developed, are never
suddenly or slightly caused, There are conspir-
ators and leaders m all civil commotions, but men
aie not Iboli.sh, or unjust', 01 tyrants by whole
populations, and we should accopt some ex plana-
Uon of any giout popular movement or convulsion
more cieditable to human nature than the univer-
sal falsehood or insanity of our kind. An earn-
est disciple of a well-known school m our pol-
itics believes in the divine ordination of servitude
and the ri^ht of State secession as profoundly as
the disciple of other schools believes that all men
werecieated equal, and that the Constitution is
the framework ol a nationality. A fervent soul
at Paris in 1791, or «t Washington in 1864, con-
founds perfect equality wall pure liberty, and
then as if to deny inequality a place m all the uni-
verse, exalts human nature to a par with Deity.
One decorated and worshiped a beautiful cour-
tesan as the goddess of reason, that reason which
had discovered the human race to be the only sov-
ereign of the universe, and the perfect equality of
that race us only rule of action. The latter from
the same cause mistakes his theory of human ex-
istence for the revelations of divine will, and re-
jects all laws, human and divine, which mar his
theory. It is thus the enthused democrat of the
abolition school, without knowing it, makes his
politics his religion, and thinks he hates slavery
ns a sin against the law of God, when his hate is .
solely because slavery is a refusal of his demand
for the perfect equality of an unrestrained cosmo-
politan democracy. The proper admixture of de-
mocracy and republicanism in our institutions is
the highest political achievement of man. Guizot,
in his learned History of Civilization, ?;hows that
in Europe the tendency is toward the democratic '
equality of the individual and the concentration or
centralization of power in the.Government. Para-
doxical as this may seem it is true, and no lesy so
in America just now than in Europe for the last
three centuries. It has been going on since the
Crusades. It has been rapidly developed since
the decay of the feudal system, and is to-day the
chief feature in the'pohtieal growths of France,
Russia, and -England. These tendencies may
reach aeHsis with us in the-progress of the pres-
ent revolution'. ■
In that admirable work upon our own institu-
tions, by De Tocqueville, it is observed that—
"The advent of democracy as a governing power in the
world's affaire, universal and irresistible, was at hand."
* * * ■" " The giadual development of thn
principle of equality is h providential l'act. It lias ait the
chief characteristics of such a fact; it Is universal, it'i3 '
durable^ it constantly eludes all human interference • afttl
all events, as well assail* men, contribute to its pro^ss."'
* * * 'iT^mhern it seems irresistible,be-
cause it is the most unlfoi m, the most ancient, and the most
permanent tendency to be found in history."
In this he is probably not mistaken. Govern-
ments did not begin in democracy, but in tribes,
clans, castes, kingdoms, despotisms, and it is
against these that li the permanent tendency" of
democracy has set its current. While there have
been many interruptions in all ages and countiies
to this general tendency of mankind toward de-
mocracy, the/act remains that it is ancient, con-
stant, and powerful, if not' irresistible. The
checks it has received have been as often fiom its
own excesses as from' the successes of its rivuls,
absolutism, " divine right," and legitimacy ay ap-
plied to crowns. Some of the bitterest woes that
have cursed the world m politics and in waj have
followed the convulsive efforts ofdemooracy, to
abolish too suddenly and too thoioughly the
forms, distinctions, and pterogatives to which it
is a natural enemy. The idea that it is better for
men and Governments wisely to adapt themselves,
their institutions and interests, to this" majestic
tendency of the human mind, this living demand
for the equality of democracy, by a judicious ac-
commodation to it, rather than be broken or up-
rooted in Stiffly resisting it, has nowhere been
better illustrated than in monarchical and aristo-
cratical England, where the process has been toe-
ing on for six centuries; in the baptism of fa<>
and blood through which France passed in the
attempt to accomplish it in a trice; and in the
success of our own system of delegation and bal-
ances and checks in which demociacy was at
once demanded, adopted, leslwuned, and tem-
pered. In France, where the aspiration had long"
been pent up and fretted" by other traditions and
domiuant'casfrs, its ebullition was sudden and
volcanic, and' then, as if alarmed at itself, i.t nearly
as suddenly subsided into a tame submission to
the forms it had overthrown. But in again ac-
cepting the forrrf of monarchy it did not thiow
away its ideas, and much of the power of tlie.se
remains as the fruit of the Revolution. In Eng-
land the dominant castes have preserved thefoim
of monarchy and aristocracy by slowly yielding,
to the spirit of democracy, which, by its constant
demands, has'at'length become a chief if not the
real governing power in the British empire.
" In the designs of God time appears an element of tiuth;
yet to demand fiom a single dav the definite tuith is tna-k
of nature more than she can afford, impatience creates
illusions and rums in the place of tiuth." * * „
* "To discover the law of God in society and coniojia
it to the Jaws of the legislator withoutfoi stalling the truth
by chimeras Hind time by impatience—tine H wisdom; to
mistake tiie desire-tor realization, ami sacrifice the real to
the imaginary and unknown—this is,Jolly. To grow furi-
ous at obstacles and at ijature, and to crush, v hole genera-
tions beneath the ruins of nnpcrject institutions, instead of
guiding them in securitijjrom one stage of society to another
—this Wcrime."
In our own case the question is complicated,
and made more-difficult 10 understand and con-
trol, by tjie fact that the democratic tendency is,
besides its ordinary political effects, essaying to
control the relations between the two raccs, domi-
nant and servient. Our contest appears on the
surface to be between a pro-slavery secession and
an anti-slavery nationality. The causes are be-
hind both. The currents that clash and contend
on the surface receive their impulse from the same
internal heat. This struggle is the .firm! develop-
ment or paroxysm of a disease or tendency of
which other matters are only the symptoms.
1 he cause - is twofold—excessive democrucy and
