1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
vVMcli he may have served, notwithstanding lie may not
hove bf-en mustered accordingto law ami the regulation
af :War Department.
i >'.,•11 for tiie yeas and nayson this proposition.
The y< .is and nays were oidered.
- Mr. JOHNSON. 1 should«hke to know from
file Senator frmn Kentucky what the object of this
ttiiicndnii iit is>. • *
Mr. DAVIS. There were some troops enlisted
into the service of the United States in the State
of Kentucky,and, I am informed, in other States,
who, before being regularly mustered in, were
Ordered into actual service, and one regiment was
in two battles, and some members of the regiment
were killed,and some received permanent wounds,
and were, disabled, and all this before they were
regularly mustered into the,service. The object
of this amendment is simply to provide that sol-
diers who thus joined the service and actually
served shall receive compensation for the time
they so served without regard to the date of their
being actually mustered in.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 29; as follows: .
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Hendricks, Johnson, Nestnith,
Powell, Wade, and Wright—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, lirown, Bucknlcw, Chandler,
Claik, Coll,oner, Oonnes.s, Dixon, Uoolittle, FesMindon,
foot, Foster, Grimes, Holding, Unrlan, Ilarii.s, Howard,
Lane olTndiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Moirill, I'omc-
roy, Rfunsey, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Van Winkle,
Willey, and Wilson—M.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I will say in behalf of my col-
league [Mr. Hale] that ho would have returned
to the city last night if he had not been detained
' by sickness in his family, which may detain him
for some days yet.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third rending;, and was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for tlnfyeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, IJiown, Chandler, Clark, Con-
nosh, Cowan, Dixon, Doollttle, Fcsenden, Foot, Foster,
Grime*, ll.irlun, Harris, ilowaid, llowc, Johnson, Lane of
Indiana, Lain; of Kansas, Motgau, Mori ill, Neftniih, I'oin-
cioy, Kamney, Sherman, .Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle
Wade, Willey, and Wilson—Hi.
N/VYfc<—Me^rs. IVucUalew, Davis, Ilomlilcks, Powell,
Itiddlo, and Wright—G.
So the bill was passed.
ABOLITION 01? SLAVERY IN VIRGINIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the indulg-
ence of the Senate, the Chair will present a tele-
graphic communication from the Governor of
Virginia, which has been transmitted with a re-
quest that it be laid before the Semite. It will be
rend.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Ai.kxandkia, ViRoffiiA, March JO, 1bg-1.
To Vice President United States:
The constitutional Htate convention of Virginia has just
puffed an oidinunco abolishing .slavery and involuntary
servitude m the State lorever. Hut one dKsontma; vote
Please announce tliio to the honoiable Senate of United
States.
. 1\ H. riBRl'OINT, Governor.
LAND GRANT TO A MINNESOTA RAILROAD.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like now if the
Senate would agree to take up one or two appro-
priation bills that have been lying on tho table
for .sometime past. I move fust to take up the
Post. Office appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope tho Senator will per-
mit ns to take up our bill which was fixed as the
special ordeiMbr to-day, (he hill making a hind
grant for railroad purposes in Minnesota. It is a
very short hill, and will take but a little while.
Mr.FESSENDEN. If tiie Senator has a spe-
cial order for to-day, 1 will not insist on the appro-
priation bill being now taken up; but I give notice
that if the Senator's bill takes .long I shall have
to interfere with him.
Mi. RAMSEY. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up for consideration Senate bill
No. 31.
The motion was agreed; to and the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 31) making a grant of
lands to the Lake Superior and Mississippi Rail-
road Company, in the State ofMmnrsoui, to aid
in tho construct ion of the railroad of said company
from St. Paul to Lake Supeuor, way resumed, as
in Committee of tho Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported tin
amendment, in the nature of a substitute, to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill, and to
insert:
That there he and there is hereby granted to the Lake
Superior and Min:-ife&ipiti Raihoad Company,a eorpoiauon
organized undei the laws of the Htate of Miunesota, ap-
proved March 8,1661, arid amended by act of March G, 18G3,
for tiie purpose of aiding in the construction of the railroad
of t«aid aoinpany from St. Paul, m said Minnesota, to Lake
Superior, every alternate section of land of tiie United
States, designated by odd numbers, to the amountof fiveal-
teinate sections per mile on each side of the said railroad on
the line theieof, within the State of Minnesota, and within
the limit's of ten miles on each side of s>aid load, not sold, re-
served, or otherwise disposed of by the United States, and
to which a preemption or homestead claim may not have
attached at the time the line of said road is definitely fixed :
Provided, That ail mineral lands shall be excepted from the
operation of this act. And ail sudh lands, so granted by
this act, which shall not be sold or disposed of by said com-
pany within three years after the entire road shall have lx;en
completed, shall be subject to settlement and preemption,
like other public lands, at a price not exceeding $1 20 per
acte, to be paid to said company.
tfr.c. 2. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That whenever said
company shall have completed toity consecutive miles of
any portion of said raihoad, supplied with all necessary
drains, culverts, viaducts, crossings, sidings, bi idges, turn-
outs, wale ling places, <lcpot<, equipments,) urnitmo and all
other appui ten.inees of a fir^t-claws railroad, patents shall
issue conveying the right and title to said lands to said com-
pany, on each rude oi the road, a  lar as the same is com-
pleted. and coterminous with said completed section, not
exceeding the amount aforesaid, and patents shall m like
manner Issue as each foity miles of said loadis completed:
Provided, however, That no patents shall is^ue for any of
said lands unless there shall be presented to the Secietary
of the Interior a statement, venlied on oath or affirmation
by the president of said company, and certified by the Gov-
ernor of the State of Minnesota, thatsuch forty miles have
been completed in the manner required by this act, and set-
ting forth with ceuainty tho points wheie such tony miles
begin and where the same end; which oath .shall be taken
belure a judge of a court of record of the United States.
Sko. 3. Awl be it fmther cnacted, That when the said
load shall bedetimteiy located, and a plat theieof filed with
the Secietary of the inteuor, the lands heieby gianted shall
not theieafter be subject to settlement, picemption,or pii-
vate enuy adveiMi to ihi* gram : Pioiided, Thai ihe lands
hereby {granted shall be applied exclusively in aid of the
construction and operation of said railroad: Provided fur-
ther, That the said company, in addition to the grant here-
toloje mentioned, h Iiuh by authorized to locate the said
road over any public land* ol the United States not other-
wise appiopiialed, icseived, or disposed of, and that, the
light ol way over mi id lands of the United States for the
pui po«e alotcsaul, 1* heieby grunted to s.ud company to the
width of one huudicd feet on each side of said road as lo-
cated : Jlnd proi ided jwither, That any and all lauds hcrtt-
tofoii; re.st rved to the United .Stales by any act of Oongte.v,
or in any other mamiei by competeutauthonty. for the pur-
pose of aiding in any object of internal improvement, or tor
any other put pose what-oevci, be, and the same is heieby,
reserved to the United State* from theopeiauon of tins act,
except so lar as it may be found neccs-ary to locate, the
loute ot* sanl toad lluough such reserved land*, in which
case the light of way onl> shall be granted, subject to the
approval ot the President of the United Slate*.
Skc. 4. .-hid be it f'uithcr enacted, That the said lands
heiebv gianted shall be subject to the disposal ot said com-
pany, lor the puiposo nh>K*-aid, and no other, and Ihe said
i,ulio.nl bo and shall remain a public highway tor tin; use
in the (Joverninent of the United States, free from all toll
orolhet rhatge, tor the tianppoitation of any pioperty or
noops ol the United States.
Skc. a. .dnd he U fmthei enaetcd, That if sanl road is not
completed within ten ycaisirom the time of ihe passaged
this ;u.t, as provided hen-in, no finther patents shall be is-
sued to said company foi said lands, and no 1 u*titer sale
shall he made, and the lands unsold shall tevei l to the Uni-
ted States.
Skc. (>. ,'lndbe it fin flier enacted, That Ihe United States
mail shall be tiansportcd over said road, undei the dhee-
tion of the l'ost Oiliee Department, at stteh pi ice as Con-
gioss by law dueeP Provided, That until such price in
fi\ed by law the LWina-aer (Jeneial shall have the power
to detei mine the same.
See. 7. *'imi he it fiat her cnactcd, That this act shall take
rfli'ct and be in force tiom and alter its passngc.
The VICE PRI5SID IS NT. The question is
on tho amendment of tho Senator from Minne-
sota (Mr. Ramsey] to tho amondmentof the com-
mittee.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 wish to make some verbal
modifications of that amendment, which I under-
stand the Senator fiotn Minnesota will accept. I
send his amendment to the Chair with these mod-
ifications.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Minnesota adopt this amendment as modi-
fied ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I accept the modifications.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment, as modified, will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Strike out ail (if section one, after the word ''Minnesota,"
!j in the thirteenth line, and insert:
: lint in ease it appeal that the United States have,
,i when the line 01 mute o| t,anl load is detimtejy tivr d, sotd,ap-
:! pmjuiiitcd,ie.ei\cd,oi otherwise disposed of anysections,
'! or any part then of, gianted :u aloiesani,oi that tiie nyht of
pieemption or homestead settlement has attached to the
same, then it shall he. lawful for the Secretary of the Interior
to select, fiom the lands of the United States nen test to ihe
lines ot sections above specified, so mueh public land oi the
United States not mineral a< shall be equal in amount to uuch
land's as the United Stays have sold or otherwise appto-
pnated, or to which ihe lights of preemption oi homestead
settlement may have attached as aforesaid; which lands
thus selected, in lieu of those sold, jeserved, or otherwise
nppiopnated or disposed of, or to which the right ot pre-
emption or homestead settlement may have attached as
aforesaid, together with the sections and parts of sections
designated as aforesaid and appropriated as aforesaid, shall
he held and disposed of by the said company lor the use
and purpose aforesaid: Provided, That the land to be so
selected shall in no case he located further than twenty
miles from the lines of said road and branches: Proviiled
fu\ther, That the lands hereby granted for and on account
of said load shall be exclusively applied in the construc-
tion of the same, and for no other puipose whatever, and
shall bedisposed ofonlyastheworkptogressesthioughthe
same, as in this act hereinafter provided: Provided aho,
That no part of the land granted by this act shall be applied
to aid in the construction of any railroad, or part thereof,
for the construction of which any previous grant of land
may have been made by Congress: Jlnd provided further,
That any and all lands heietofore reserved to the United
States by any act of Congress, or in any other manner by
competent authority, for the purpose of aiding in any ob-
ject of internal improvement, or for any other purpose
whatsoever, be, and the same are hereby, reseivcd to the
United States from the opeiationsof this act, except so far
as it may be found necessary to locate the joule of f-aid
road through such received lands "l which ease the nsrht
of way only shall be granted, subject to the approval of the
Piesidentot the United States: Provided further, Thatthe
minimum price of the even sections and parts of sections
of the public lands of the United States within the limits
on each side of the line of said road shall he $-3 50 per acre.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will state thatthe object of
this amendment is to make the bill like the act of
March 3, 1863,makingagrantoflantl to the State
of Kansas.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question now is on the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. I have several amendments,
chiefly verbal, to offer to the amendment of the
committee. In line ten, section one, before the
word " land" 1 move to insert the word " public."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. At the end of the line I pro-
pose to insert the words " not mineral."
Theamcndmentto the amend mentwasagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Where the word " forty "oc-
curs in section two, 1 move to strike it out and
insert " twenty," in lines two, ten, fifteen, and
seventeen.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr.HARLAN. From line five of section three,
I move to strike out all to the word " that" in line
seven, and insert an enacting clause, so that the
proviso shall come in as a new section. The
woids proposed to be strickcn out are:
u That the lands hereby granted shall be applied exclu-
sively in aid of the construction and operation of said rail-
road: Protided further."
The words to be stricken out are contained in
the amondmentof the Senator from Minnesota
just adopted,and hence it is mere repetition.
Tho amendment to the amend mentwasagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I may make the same remark
in relation to what I now propose to strike out. I
mov-e to strike out all in section three after the
word "located" in line fourteen. The words
there ore a mere repetition of the amendment al-
ready adopted by the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I have not had time to examine
the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Ramsky.] The question which occurs to
me is whether the provisions which are contained
in the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota
apply to oil the lands granted by the act or only
to the lauds described in the amendment. The
object of the amendment is, I believe, to give the
company the right to go outside of the six-mile
limit and take other latids. Now, do those pro- .
vtsos apply to the whole ten miles in width, or
do they apply only to the lands outside of the
six-mile limit?
Mr. HARLAN. They apply to the whole, I
think. I compared the printed amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Minnesota with the
language of the bill, and discovered that this was
a mere repetition of that part of his amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I guess the Senator from Iowa
is right about it.
The amendment to the amendment wag agreed to.
Mt. HARLAN. I move to amend the fourth
section, m line two, by inserting after the word
