1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
"granted" the words "when patented to said
company.'5
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section six, line four, after
the word " Congress," I move to insert u may."
I suppose it is a mere omission.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatamendment
will be made,if there be no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out the sev-
enth section of the amendment of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That section will
be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec.7. Andhext further enacted, That this act shall take
effect find be m force from and after its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the object of strik-
ing out that section?
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose it is of no use. I
suppose the act cannot take effect until it shall be
approved by the President. If it is intended to
give it force and effect previous to the approval
of the President, it certainly ought not to be in,
and it cannot have any other effect.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not passed until ap-
proved.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Senator
if it is a usual clause.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure whether it is
usual in an act of Congress, and I suppose it is
not unless there is some law which says that in
the absence of express provision fixing the time
when an act is to go into operation it is not to go
into operation for some twenty or thirty clays
afterwards. That is the case in several of the
States, and in my own. If there is no such act
of Congress, of course every act goes into effect
when it becomes a law. I suppose these words
would necessarily include the approval of the
President.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say that such aclause
as this is made necessary in the States some-
times, because they have constitutional provis-
ions or laws which provide that general acts shall
not take effect cxceptuntilacertain length of time
after their passage, unless by special exception;
and then the exception renders such a provision
necessary; butthore is no such rule here, as {un-
derstand, that requires this section.
Mr. JOHNSON, i suppose the words here
would necessarily include the approval of the
President: it is no law till then; but 1 have no ob-
jection to striking it out, unless there is some law
which postpones the action of an act of Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not aware that there is
such a law. I have purposed to strike out the
section merely because it appears to me to be an
unusual provision.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then strike it out.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the committee as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the first
section of this amendment in line nine, after the
word " Minnesota,"by insertingthe words " via
Anoka." 1 will explain to the Senate the pur-
pose of this amendment. From St. Paul by St.
Anthony there is a lailroad now running and in
operation as far as Anoka, and this is upon the
route or nearly upon the route which has been
maikcd as the proposed route of this railroad. It
deflects a little further to the west. By going by
the way of Anoka it would pass through thc°val-
ley of Rum river, and would be some few miles
further distant, perhaps six miles further distant,
from the route in Wisconsin to which lands have
already been granted, and would not bring the
roads so directly in competition with each other.
I know it was said the other day by an honor-
able gentleman to me, that he would be willing to
grant this aid to this rival route if our road were
constructed. Sir, I should have no objection to
its being granted if our road were constructed.
It is because the road is not constructed, but is
struggling for the means to finish itself, and is at
that very point or crisis in its history when the
action of Congress may determine the question
whether it shall be built or not, that I appeal to
Congress not to put agrantof lands on a route just
the other side of the river. I believe, too, that it
would be as much for the interests of the State of
Minnesota; and honorable gentlemen from Min-
nesota in the other House, speaking to me on this i
subject, and othergentlcmen from Minnesota, arc !
desirous that this amendment should be made.
I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. WILKINSON. To the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin I should have per-
sonally, so far as I am concerned, no very par-
ticular objection; but our State, our people, the
State Legislature have decided otherwise, and if
the SenaTe shall say that the Government ought
to aid in building this road, I think our people
should have something to say in regard to the de-
tails of it. I do not know why the Senator from
Wisconsin, who wants to defeat the whole bill-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator says he does
not want to defeat the bill. Then I misunder-
stood the tenor of his argument the other day;
but I submit that the people of Minnesota, if this
grant is passed, shall regulate the details of the
bill, so far at least as relates to the points of de-
parture and the termini of the road. We ask that
the grant shall be given from St. Paul tp Supe-
rior; and the amendmentof the Senator proposes
to cutoff about thirty miles and start from Anoka,
a point thirty miles north of the city of St. Paul.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As I stated the otherday,
by an act of Congress we have authorized tne
Legislature of Minnesota to accept agrant of lands
at any point between St. Paul and Crow Wing,
at the instance of the Senators from Minnesota,
and that grant has been acccpted by the Legisla-
ture of the State of Minnesota, so that there is
already a grant starting from a point between St.
Anthony and Crow Wing of lands to the State of
Minnesota to build a road to Superior. Now this
amendment of mine will only compel them to go
over the road which isalready builtfrom St, Paul
to Anoka, and that would leave the road not so
directly in competition with the road on the other
side of the St. Croix river.
Mr. WILKINSON. I explained to the hon-
orable Senator the otherday that in regard to that
resolution, which was passed a year ago, allow-
ing the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company
to divert their grant and run their road to Supe-
rior, the company have notaccepted that change,
and it stands now precisely as it did before. In
consequence of the action of the company theie
is no grant of land from St. Paul to Superior.
The amendmen t to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 propose now to move
a substitute for the amendment of the committee,
which i suppose is proper to be done before the
amendment is adopted; or otherwise it will be too
late.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is nowin order
to strike out the whole of the amendment of the
committee and insert any new matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The amendment which" I
now offer I ask the attention of Senators to, be-
cause it is a very important amendment, and one
in which Iowa and Wisconsin and Minnesota are
all equally interested. I move to strike out all of
the amendment of the committee after the word
" that" and to insert:
The branch railroad and telegiaph line provided for.in
the act approved July 1, 1862, entitled "An act to aid in
the conjunction of a railroad and telegraph line fiom the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the panic for postal, military,  nd
oilier purposes," winch commences at riioux City, shall be,
and K heieby, extended, npon the same terms and condi-
tions as aie juovuied in that act, u> Supcuor city, by the
way of Mankato, St. Paul, and Hudson; and the several
companies authoiizcd or that may bo authorized by the
several States of Iowa, Minnesota, and Wisconsin to con-
struct portion-? of said raihoad along -said route, shall be en-
titled to receive the sameaid,assistance.easement*,grants
of land, and all other privileges and franchises upon such
extended line as tiie said branch running westward!)' from
Sioux City may be entitled to receive under the said act and
all amendment-, thereto : Provided) That no monej oi bonds
ot the United State* -shall be hereby granted to aid m the con-
stt notion of said line: And provided Juiikcr, That all lands
granted heretofore by any act of Congress to either of said
States to aid in the construction of a laihrvad upon said
route or any part theieot shall be deducted fromtheamount
ot land hereby granted along said route, so that the whole
amount grunted shall not exceed ten sections per mile :
Ihovahd, That portion of said railroad and telegraph line
shall be completed by the St. Croix and Lake* Superior :
liailrond Company from Superior to Hudson withm three {
years after the pa-sage oi this act, and the residue within ;
live yean thereafter.
If I can have the attention of the Senate for a
few moments I will explain this amendment and
its effect. I have before me a map that has been ]
prepared at the office of the Commissioner of the :
General Land Office, by looking upon which, at a ;
single glance, it can be seen what the amendment I
proposes. Itproposes to ex tend from Sioux City,
the point where the northern branch of the Pacific
railroad begins, the route through northwestern
Iowa, through Minnesota by Mankato, which is
at the big bend of the river Minnesota, and liy
St. Paul, and through Wisconsin by Hudson to
Lake Superior, making a distance of about one
hundred miles in the State of Iowa, about two
hundred, or two hundred and fifty perhaps, in the
State of Minnesota, and one hundred and thirty
or one hundred and forty in the State of Wiscon-
sin. The amendment provides that lands which
have been granted already on this route either to
the State of Wisconsin orMinnesotaorlowa are
to be deducted from the lands granted under the
terms of thi£amendment.
I do not know but that Senators think it is un-
becoming in the State of Wisconsin through her
representation here to insist that she has some
rights which she has acquired under a grant by
act of Congress, in the construction of a line be-
tween the St. Croix river and Lake Superior.
The State of Wisconsin has had granted to her
lands upon two routes and two only: one called
the northeastern route, commencing at Fon-du-
Lac and running to the north line of the State. In
all that portion of the State which was capable of
settlement, the land had already been settled and
taken upbeforethegrantwaa made. There were
none of the good lands in northeastern Wisconsin
that could be taken under the grant; and the grant
which we have on the northeastern line is through
the heavily timbered pine country of Wisconsin,
and comparatively very sparsely inhabited, and
where it is very difficult for a railroad to be con-
structed. Our northwestern grant commences at
Columbus, going northwest to Hudson, and then
to Superior. Overone half that route, before the
grant was made, the country was already so much
taken up and inhabited that few, if any, lands
were realized underthe grant; so that from a point
at about Tomah on the La Crosse railroad, about
seventy-iivo miles east of the Mississippi river,
is the only place where they begin to realize any-
thing from the grant made by Congress, and over
this grant from Superior to Hudson, about one
hundred and thirty or one hundred and forty
miles.
The State of Wisconsin has not received one
third as much aid to her railroad system as has
already been given to the Stateof Minnesota; and
of this little amount which has been given, the
bill now pending takes from us in substance the
aid which the grant of the lan4g would give for
the road from Hudson to Superior because on the
other side of the river you now propose to grant
more land to a rival road, which may prevent this
road from being built at all.
I say that it is unjust, in my opinion, thus to
treat the State of Wisconsin; but by the propo-
sition which I have offered I leconcile the inter-
ests of all these States, Wisconsin, Minnesota,
and Iowa, and at the same time extend to them
the privilege of reaching the northern branch of
the Pacific railroad fur the benefit of all those
States and the entire Northwest. It seems to me
that a person who looks upon the map will see at
once the propriety of this proposition. I have
stated and repeated over and over again that the
bill itself is a proposition of St. Paul as# locality;
it is not a proposition that particularly affects the
interests of the State of Minnesota at large; it is
a local interest and a local contest whether the
road shall go from St. Paul direct on the west side
of the St. Croix river, or whether it shall cross the
river at St. Paul, and join the road at Hudson, and
thence go to Supeiior; and when the road from
Hudson is just as near as it is the other way, why,
I ask,is itnotjust that the route should be located
upon that line? I am willing to join with our
friends in Minnesota, and it seems to me that I
have proposed the true solution of this railroad
matter. It secures St. Paul, it secutes the inter-
ests of Minnesota, it secures the interests of Wis-
consin.
Mr. President, I will not undertake to state in
precise language the number of acres that have
been granted to the State of Minnesota; but when
the bill which is now pending in the House of
Representatives shall be passed, to grant lands to
the State of Minnesota in aid of the northern Pa-
cific route, if it contains such a provision or some-
thing substantially the same as that contained m
the bill passed by this body, giving twenty sec-
