2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
could be done only by being more democratic
than the Democrats. At the North recourse was
had—shrewdly by some, unwittingly by others
-—to the great tendency so well defined by De
Tocqueville. There had been from (Hie founda-
tion of .the Government an institution or interest
at the South which in its political influences had
latterly been with the Democratic party, because
that party, by its system of construction, curbed
the power of the General Government and en-
hanced that of the States which had immediate
jurisdiction over the subject. That institution
was African slavery, the subjection of a servient
to a dominant class. Nothing was easier than to
array agairat this institution' a sentiment more
democratic, more radical, more leveling than the
ten* of the Democratic party either North or
South. This opposition at first found expression
full enough for its purposes in the proposition to
exclude slavery from the Territories, while dis-
claiming any intention of interfering with it in
the States. The success of this movement at the
North was owing to the democratic character of
its anti-slavery clement. It was congenial to the
honest opposition felt by thousands to the exten-
sion of an institution to which they were opposed
on principle. I speak not now of that seditious
higner-law faction who are to-day and always
have been rebels and revolutionists. Nay, more;
they were secessionists. They long advocated se-
cession, or a division of the Union, to be rid of
slavery, until the South attempted it in behalf of
slavery; then they ie sen ted secession, but not
very promptly. Many of their leaders, some of
them now in high places, would have allowed the
movement to go by default, when Sumter was
bombarded, had not the indignant uprising of the
nation forced them into the ranks of the Union.
Being avowed revolutionists, they would use the
war to accomplish their revolution. Failing in
that, they would again become secessionists in
times of pcace.
This movement at the North could not have
succeeded but for the character of resentment im-
parted to it by the imperious demand of the South
that slaveiy might go and be protected every-
where, the mischievous repeal of the Missouri
compromise line effected by the South and their
party allies at the North, and the shameless at-
tempt to fix upon Kansas by fraud and force a
pro-alavevy coustitutionagainst the known wishes
of the people. These measures, as was foreseen
by prudent men, aroused the full volume of the
anti-slavery feeling of the North. The position
of the Democratic party upon these and all kin-
dred measures was an anomaly. Whoever has
traced the origin of that party, and has studied
what Loid Brougham once called "the fierce de-
mocracy of Jefferson," must see at once that it
would probably and on principle have been the
first and greatest anti-slavery party in the United
States butloi the fact that abolition by the nation
ran counter to their favorite dogma of State sov-
ereignty and control over the institution.
Having traced some of the cements and habits
of political thought and influences that prepared
men's minds and feelings for a rupture, we pass
by the facts of its actual development, so recent
in the memory of all, to note the increased part
which these ideas and influences have played in
the progress of the strife, and the results they arc
destined to work in the end. As the struggle
deepened and passions heated, the ordinary his-
torical phenomena began to develop themselves.
An extreme democratic impulse, in attempting to
attain its ends by the force of arms in the midst
of a revolution, has a singular proneness toward
vesting supreme power in the executive head as
a means of giving vigor to its blows, and often
manifests a willful or contemptuous disregard of
such written laws and constitutions as stand in
the way of the end to be accomplished. Zeal
makes unity ofeffoit, and confers executive power
corresponding with that fervor. This is fully
shown in all the conflicts of democracy with
crowns, castes, and prerogative in all countries.
Our own great civil war has not been an excep-
tion. At the South to-day centralization is so
great that the name of il State rights" is a mock-
ery, and personal liberty is only remembered as
other lost blessings of good government; while
the candid friends of our own Administration will
admit that we are demanding; approving, or sub-
mitting to executive measures which befoie the
war would have been regarded as a revolution in
the Government. But a part of this, it must be
said, is owing to the fact of closer study, larger
views, and a better education as to the extent and
character of the powers of the Government in the
midst of war. I am less alarmed on this subject
than I was one year or two years ago. We are
m the midst of a revolution that will run its
course, and when that is done we will settle down
into our former ways as other nations have, and
I deem it not vain to say that our capacity for im-
proving on experience is equal to that of any
other race. I believe it is true that no great and
violent convulsion ever was settled or accommo-
dated according to the form and letter of the law
existing anterior to the strife. The lightning of
the storm illumines the way of escape, and so it
will be with us.
A people accustomed to think that their will is
the foundation of their Government and laws are
for that very reason, outof pride and self-esteem,
the most obedient to laws and Government in times
of peace. But when men are moved by the pas-
sions and ideas of a great convulsion, and desire
to accomplish a given end which the limited writ-
ten powers will not quite reach,the Constitution
is invariably exceeded, and by a simple process.
The will of the people is held the supreme law,
the political god of the land. All it needs, it is
said, is expression. They discover that will mov-
ing in a given direction, in which it has not had
expression in a legal form. Indeed, the Consti-
tution stands in the way of that expression, or
at best is too slow, and then the same pride and
self-esteem that have been fed from this all-per-
vadingideaof the power of the people become
restive. That which caused implicit obedience
to the Constitution as the expressed will now makes
that Constitution an object of indifference or hos-
tility, because it fails to give expression to that
will, or stands in the way of it. Then this newly
expressed will of the dominant party is elevated
above the Constitution, and becomes the rule of
action in its stead, a condition of things that never
has endured long, and never can. It is thus that
m revolutionary times ideas are obeyed as every-
thing, while the forms of the written law are
lightly esteemed or even treated as the natural
enemies and proper victims of the new ideas.
While this has sometimes been carried to excess
by our own Administration and people, as all ideas
are in revolutionary times, it must be admitted
that objectors have to some extent committed the
opposite fault of looking at two contending revo-
lutions through the technical glasses of a good
attorney at the bar rather than with the clear, un-
dimmed gaze of the citizen philosopher.
The customs, traditions, or written institutions
of one age will give way to and be overridden
by the changed will and opinion of another gen-
eration. If circumstances, pride, interest, dull-
ness, prevent the expression of that changed will
in a legitimate form, it will yet be expressed in a
violent form. This has led some to doubt whether
under democratic governments written constitu-
tions or fundamental laws have any real utility,
and whether under such governments the legis-
lature, through which the people speak, had not
as well be left supreme, as it really is in Eng-
land. This has its advantages and disadvantages.
Changes would be more gradual and never either
so radical or so violent, but they would be more
frequent, and agitation for them more constant.
The greatest argument in favor of written consti-
tutions is that a majority is frequently the hardest
master, and a constitution, until overcome by a
tempest of opinion and passion, serves the minor-
ity as the law and the courts serve the weak man.
it is now more than probable that the war
caused by secession and its armed violence, and
the opinions generated and developed by the war,
have loosened the fastenings of African slavery
on this continent, let the result of the war be as
it may in regard to the union oftheStates. The
perpetuity of involuntary servitude has always
proved impossible in every country, and in this
country its friends, by an ill-timed and insane
effort m its behalf, have placed it in the process
of rapid and final extinction, it is an impulse
with man in resenting a wrong to strike at what-
ever appears to be identified with the wrong. This
may work injustice, but it isalwaysdone. Seces-
sion, and rebellion, and guerrilla thefts, and mur-
ders, have drawn upon slavery much of the oppo-
sition and hatred that were due only to those
crimes. To my mind the danger to both races
seems that the transition will be too rapid and too
violent, and the duty of the statesman may soon
be to retard and ameliorate the pangs of a disso-
lution that has now become so much accelerated
by the vicissitudes of war.
War is a great stimulater of new ideas, and
frequently develops the opposite of the theory it
was intended to defend. A war to-day in Italy
to increase and extend the prerogatives of the
church would break down the papal power. A.
war in England to extend and increase the pre-
rogatives of king and nobles would make Eng-
land a democracy. A war in the United States
in behalf of slavery is rapidly propagating anti-
slavery ideas in the slave States. A war to enforce
the theory of secession will end in an increased
consolidated nationality. For three fourths of a
century the people of America had appealed to
the legislature and the judiciary for a construc-
tion of their Constitution, and while upon the
law question the decision has uniformly been in
favor of our nationality, the Administration has
nearly as uniformly been in favor of those inter-
ested in slavery. Not satisfied with this uniform
current of exposition and administration, an ap-
peal has been made to the sword. The sword is
now giving its construction. It is cutting the
gordian knot that wranglers tied. Any institu-
tion is stable while permitted to remain station-
ary. Any institution is more than halfoverthrown
when friend and foe alike admit its dissolution is
possible. The rebellion has done this for slavery.
But few institutions can afford to be aggressive.
History mentions but two that have not become
the objects of successful hostile combinations on
becoming aggressive in their character or being
represented by propagandist disciples. Those
two are Christianity and Democracy. Democ-
racy has been assailed and combined against
everywhere and in every age, by every antagonist
institution, idea, interest, and tradition. But it
has made the villein of England and the serf of
Russia free; the blood of the vassal courscs
through the veins of his descendant risen to the
peerage; and France under imperial Napoleon is
to-day more democratic in some of the elements
of her polity than the United States. The states-
men or conspirators of the South committed the
egregious blunder, as well as crime, of making
their ideas of slavery and political disintegration
aggressive. Not content that slavery should re-
main an economic institution, a form of labor, a
question of profit and loss, a thing inherited from
their fathers, both Cavalier and Puritan, a fact in
their midst over which they could have little con-
trol, they sought to convert it into an active com-
mercial and political power. Slave labor made
cotton, and cotton was king. First demanding
non-intervention in the Territories, it was sud-
denly discovered thatintervention for slavery was
the duty of the Government. And it would be
idle to deny that in all the slave States, not ex-
cepting the border States, that have clung to the
Union there has long been as an offset to imperii*-
nent northern agitation a persistent attempt to
hedge slavery about with a divinity that would
make it an offense to oppose or doubt it. In some
localities of the South this spirit and policy
amounted to a pro-slavery terrorism and made
white men slaves to slavery. This was as un-
necessary as injurious. The friends of any mat-
ter have already condemned it when they insist
it shall not be discussed or inquired of.
The rebellion has made this not only a ques-
tion of military force, but has added import and
point to the issue by making it a question of pnoral
and political values. The love of the people for
their Government, which is in itself a conserv-
ative element, has been to a great extent con-
verted into a radical element by the attack of the
rebellion on the Government. The policy of the
insurgents seems from the beginning to have been
to force upon the minds of men the question, which
is the more valuable, the Government of the Union
or the institution of slavery, by falsely alleging
the latter could no longer exist under the former,
and by violently offering to destroy one as a means
of protecting and extendingthe other. It has in-
augurated an unequal contest. It has raised a
false but a terribly practical issue. It has arrayed
a mere form of labor against the existence of
the Government. Upon the success of the prea-
