THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
lions- to the mile to secure its building thx-ough the
northern portion of the State comparatively un-
inhabited as yet I believe, and you ftdd together
the different grants that have be,en made to the
State of Minnesota, they will amount to eight or
ten million acres. It does not seem to me that
Congress, in its generosity, toward the State of
Minnesota, ought to make a grant which is to be
  rival of the grant which was made to the State
of Wisconsin, the roads starting only fifteen miles
apart atone end,and teraainatingat the same point
at the other, the only effect of which is to embar-
rass our road in its construction. Our Legisla-
ture have authorized the several counties upon the
line of the toad to pledge their credit, the county
in which Superior is embraced to the amount of
$100,000, and each of the other counties to the
amount of §50,000, and they are struggling to
build the road; and it seems as if it would be in-
justice for Congress to pass the bill in the shape
in which it comes here, to put a rival road on the
other side of the river.
More than all that, instead of granting the lands
to the State of Minnesota, by this bill you grant
them to a corporation; whereas the grants have
always been made heretofore to the States, to be
disposed of by the States.
I believe that if the Senate would take this mat-
ter into consideration and examine the question,
they would be satisfied that the best mode in
which to settle the question is that presented by
the amendment Cl^atl have wow proposed. What
was the argument of the honorablegenlleman from
St, Paul [Mr. Ramsey] the other day? He wants
an outlet for Minnesota at Lake Superior. This
gives that outlet, itgives justaehear an outlet; and
while it gives him an outlet, it gives the people of
north western Wisconsin an outlet also. Is he un-
willing that our people should ride in the same
cars, that our freight should be carried on the same
platform? 'l'hat is the question, it seems to me.
Mr. GRIMES. Alio w me to ask whether this
bill docs not interfere with the road from Hudson
lo Bayfield?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
Mr, GRIMES. Will not that road be con-
tiguous, even it this grant he made, and will it
not accommodate nil that portion of the State of
Wisconsin of which tho senator speaks?
Mr. UOOLirrLli. From Hudson to Hay-
field is twenty-live miles further than it is from
Hudson to Superior, and it will cost §1,000,000
probably to build that tweuiy.five miles and for
additional equipment for it.
Mr. GRiAiE$. But by that you save at leant
one hundred affir m of lake transportation.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. I thmk not.
Mr. WILlvlN'^ON. About seventy miles.
MDOULi I1 X LE. Wlidt is .seventy mlies of%
lake transportation? Yon can ship just an cheap
trom Chicago as from Mackinaw. When you
once get on the great waters one hundred miles
js notlung.
Mr. GRIMES. The question I wanted to get
?*rWas w'lcl^er ll'<u portion of the i^-ople Of
Wisconsin would not be accommodated if the
State o( Wisconsin kept Ha grant and completed
its road between Hudson and Bayfield.
Mr. DOOLI J I LE. it seems to me that my
honorable friend must see the great difference be-
tween railroads connecting two great navigable
waters, whether one shall be twenty-five miles
fmiber thuu the other. Twenty-five miles more
of distance on u railroad is an immense thing, but
on tho water u is nothing. That is the difference.
I he Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wii.kinsonI
the other day raided a point that (should pethups
notice; and that was ay to the difficulty of cross-
J have before ine a map
ol L >k<> fct. Cioix and the soundings of that lake,
i do not wish to take up the lime of the Senate by
going* intu a long slat' incut about it; but I will j|
state in htivi (hat at Hudson, winch is um>n Hie l!
ca.si^i do of tho Lake.' St. Cioi.y, the WilloW river l|
comes Jiito the lake ;H that point, and the wash of ;!
that liver h?s formed flats m the St. Cioix lake, !|
which is but a widening <.'1 the AJissiwsippi itself, \
and in low water they are even hare and ihe cattle ■{
go upon them, ami the real chamu 1 of the river is ;|
not more than about two hundred foot in width,
so that there is no difficulty whatever in making a
bridge trom Hudson ari oss the St. Ci oix nvernt ■
tins point, and in that way making a connection <
with St. Paul. f
Mr. WILKINSON. Can the Senator tell me
the height of the bluffs opposite Hudson on the
Minnesota side?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I cannot state the height
of those bluffs.on the west side of the river; but
there is no difficulty in approaching the east side,
and on the west side there are ravines through
those bluffs where the engineer of this road, who
is a gentleman by the name of Campbell, residing
in the place where I reside in Wisconsin, Racine,
states, as I am informed, that a crossing can be
made. He has made the soundings across the
lake, and examined the country, and he says a
crossing of the river can be made at a grade not
exceeding forty feet to the mile to go to St. Paul.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator whether any survey has been made oppo-
site Hudson of a railroad trade to St. Paul.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In answer to the question
of the Senator, I cannot state that a survey has
been made; but lam informed thatMr. Campbell,
who is engineer of this road, and, by tho way, one
of the best engineers in the United States, has
sounded across the lake with a view to the prac-
ticability of a bridge, and of going on this route
to Sf. Paul, the purpose, 1 undeistand, being to
make St. Paul the real terminus of the load, for it
is a much larger town than Hudson, while at the
same time it would accommodate both Hudson
and St. Paul, both Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have no doubt that a
bridge might be made across the lake; but my
colleague and myself have traveled that route a
hundred times, and wo know that it is a very
difficult tiling to get a railroad from Hudson across
tho river and up the bluff* on the opposite side.
1 care not what the Wisconsin engineers may
have said in regard to it; I know that it is a very
rough country, and that the bluffs are nearly two
hundred and fifty feet high and very abrupt on
the west side of tho river opposite Hudson.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When tins bill was be-
fore the Senate the other day { had occasion to
submit a few lemarks, and I am reported to have
said, " As I said before, \ do not have faith in the
construction of the road tlnough Wisconsin from
Hudson to Superior. I do not think nnv well-
informed company will construct a road from
Hudson to liay field," Unquestionably the error
was on my part. The debates arc so accurately
and correctly reported that 1 cannot believe the
mistake was made by the reporter. It should
have been, 441 do not think any well-informed
company will construct a road fiom Hudson to
Superior." And then I went on to give the rea-
son ^ very briefly w hy a road might be constt ucted
to f'ayfseld with much fairer prospects of suect ss
than to Superior. 1 do not design now to discuss
that again. J propose this amendment to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Wis-
consin 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order.
This is an amendment to an amendment which is
now pending.
Mi. HENDRICKS. 1 will state, then, what
the amendment would have been if it had been in
older.
That the ^iant made to (lie State of U'Koon-in by tho
aoi ot June, 1 £•,* (>, to aid m lite eonMnietion ot a railroad
horn the ?j|. Cioix n\t'i to baMiehl, he eiiSat<j. i so a* to
♦ wieixl the hnuN ol' ili.it giant on < aeh n,K' ot Hie ,-;mi loud
to the evtcnt oi'the limits oi'lhe juani made by thi!> aet.
The Senator from Wisconsin in his argument
the other day said that it was unjust to Wiscon-
sin that a grant should be made to a competing
route tn Minnesota within Uuger limits than the
grant to W i scons in. There was some force in that,
'{.'he grant to W'istonsin is of alternate sections
for six miles on j.ach side ot" the road, whih the
grant now proponed to be made to Minnesota is
often miles cxieut on each side of tins road. I
am perfectly willing that the State of Wisconsin
 diall have the same amount of hind to eo'^-iiuet
her road as may be given to the State of Minne-
sota, for the obwous reason that each route will
iun through a country very similar, neither of
which is a very denrahh; eountiy. I am willing
to give in this hill moie land to the State of Min-
nesota than has usually been panted to States to
aid m the construction of railroads, for the leason
that as you go from St. l\uil up toward Lake
Superior you come, after a eoi isideraide d i-.ta nee,
into rather a bai ren country, somewhat sandy,
mainly covered by pnie iimi'ei; some portion of j
it tamaiack swamp; not a deniable country, and I
the State of Minnesota cannot realize very largely
from that portion of the grant, and I am willing
to give to the State enough land to make up for
the bad quality of that which is granted. And I
am also willing to extend the grant to the State
of Wisconsin to the same limits, so that that State
shall have upon each side of her road ten miles,
and an equivalent for that which has been dis-
posed of, outside of these limits; but I do not
think it is fair to incumber a bill for the benefit of
Minnesota with a proposition such as is now made
by the Senator from Wisconsin. If Wisconsin
has equities let us protect those equities and her
rights; but certainly the Senator from Wisconsin
ought not to ask the Senate to buiden what is a
fair and right measure for the State ofMinnesota.
with a proposition having no relation to that work.
I believe that the State of Minnesota ought to
have this grant for the reason that she is a great
State, an agricultural State. Her production will
be mainly wheat, and we ought to give her an out-
let to a market. She cannot find that market in the
southern Statesat this time, and, as I said before,
will probably not for a number of years. She is
now justm theprocessof development; we ought
to encouiage that development. And the United
States lose nothing by granting these lands, for
we provide that the reserved sections shall be dou-
bled m price; and if this road is built settlements
will be encouraged in a portion of the State that
would perhaps remain unsettled without tlie road
for a great many years. We encourage settle-
ments upon lands which will secure to the Gov-
ernment $2 50 per acre, so that the Government
has no interest against this grant; she has an
equivalent for the gianted lands in the increased
price of the reserv< d sections. Minnesota asks
this grant. I say let her have it, and if possible
let this road be constructed fiomSt. Paul to Lake.
Superior; and I do not think it is right in any le-
gislation to buiden what is a fair measure, and
what meets the approbation of the body, by tack-
ing to it that which has no natural or proper con-
nection with it. If the measure of the Senator
from Wisconsin be right let himbring itupasan
independent measuie, and not tack it on to a meas-
ure for Minnesota, and perhaps endanger the pas-
sage ofa bill that the Senate would otherwise ap-
prove.
As I said before, if the Senator from Wisconsin
wishes to enlarge the grant to the State of Wis-
consin to the limits which we give to the State of
Minnesota in this bill, let us do it; I am willing
to do it. That is ail he can ask. He then can-
not complain if Minnesota throws more energy
and more means into this enterprise, and secures
the conjunction of her road at an eaiher day than
th* State of Wisconsin can complete hers with
the same extent of grant. It is the benefit which
Minnesota ought to enjoy.
^Agam,sir,I repeat that I ihinkthe true interest
of Wisconsin is to construct her road to another
point, not the point indicated by the Senator from
Wisconsin in his amendment. The other day I
| said than he harborat Bayfield was much more de-
j sirablelhan the InuboratSuperior. I think there
I is no question about that, i have seen the harbor
| at Hay field, and a mote beautiful spot I have never
- seen, a more elegant harbor cannot be conceived
j of. It is formed by a group of islands called the
| Apostles,and makes as beautiful a sight as we can
| conceive of, and a harbor in which the vessels of
> the whole woild might lest m safety, with suffi-
cient depth so that vessels can enter at any time
j in the most violent stoi ms that are experienced
_ ouihat shore, l stud also that the harbor at l>ay-
! field i eimuned open for scveial weeks later in the
, faU and became open in the spi iug several weeks
j eaiiierthan the harborat Superior. My icinaiks
; aitmcted the attention, 1 suppose, of a gentleman,
I an acquaintance of mine in this city, and tins
i morning he handed me an extiae.t from a letter
j wi it ten on the iiyth day of June, lfe61, by the
J Lev. W.^H. M'.Kee, to a gentleman in George- *
• town. The wi iter says:
Fbi'ie i< one tiunsr whjfh hceonif s more evident every
>ear. viz. that nil-place will be the head of lake
I ii,i\yr iimn. I'lie head o; the lake im loi 13- unlo-. nom Su-
, pAiii.r onvam! nom ^hore to :-hote, lia- been blockaded
(more fnmty than .-.oiuhern porb) by icebeigs. J.ast Fit-
day jii^iu tho PJaiJi-t-"'—
One of the most beautiful steamers on the lake—
"left heiu and attempted to got into Hupcuoi. but cojjid
nor ii'.u'h tho place withm five miles, riiu;, of < omiao c.nnt*
Ihiclt. That vviis tlie sJIsl m&lant, [Juuc.J Tlicy Imve got
