THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
$ren as diabolical. We who advocate this
amendment do bat propose to consummate that
which the wisest and best men of that day wished
to do in the Convention. We do but propose
io advise the people to listen to their counsel and
perfect their great work.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory] says the season is inopportune. Sir, justice
ia ever in season, and it is never inopportune to
'doVight. But he also says that the rebellious
States are in the Union,andyetwedonotpropose
to allow them to vote on this measure. The
people of those States are probably not aware of
the fact that they are in the Union. They believe
themselves to be out of the Union, and if they
only knew as well as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky does that they have a right to be repre-
sented here as well as at Richmond, I doubt not
they would have their Representatives here to
oppose our action on this question. If in the
Union, why are their Representatives not here?
Who expelled them from this House ortheSenate
Chamber? Ifthe Constitution be amended by de-
fault of their votes there will be no ground for a
motion to open or set aside the judgment, as, to say
the least, the default is the result of their voluntary
absence. Sir, he who does not sustain this resolu-
tion is recreant to the teachings of the fathers of
our country; and did I not sustain it I would be es-
pecially false to the traditions of the great State
which I have the honor in part to represent. In the
course I pursue I am guided by the wise counsels
of Benjamin Franklin and the men ofPennsylvania
who with him carried that State through the
revolutionary war, and gave form and spirit to
her free institutions. While yet the revolution-
ary war was pending—more than three years
before our national independence was acknowl-
edged—on the 1st of March, 1780, in view of the
fact that they then had " every prospect of being
delivered " from British thralldom, they "extin-
guished and forever abolished" slavery in Penn-
sylvania. Time will not permit me to read the
noble preamble to that act of Christian statesman-
ship; but I will hand it to the reporter that it
may appear as part of my remarks in the Globe.
Its spirit is that of the gospel, and its grand
sentences seem to have been plucked from John
Milton's noblest essays:
Preamble to an act for tho abolition of slavery in Pennsyl-
vania.
When wo contemplate oui abhoirpnee offh.it condition to
which the arms and tyianny of (ireat Britain wtne exerted
to reduce us; when we look back upon the vauery of dan-
gers to which we have been exposed, and how miraculously
our wants in many instances have been supplied and our
deliverance wiought, when even hope andhuuiau fortitude
liavc become unequal to the conflict, we are unavoidably
led to a serious and grateful sense of the manifold blessings
which we have undeservedly received liom the hand of
that Being fiom whom eveiy good and perfect gift cometh.
Impressed with these ideas we conceive that it is our duty,
and we lejoiee that it is in our power, to extend a poition
of that freedom to others which hath been extended to us,
and release from that state of thralldom to which we our-
selves were tvianmcally doomed, and tioin which we have
now every prospect of being delivered, it is not {or u& to
inquire why, in the creation of mankind, the inhabitants
of the seveial parts ot the earth were distinguished by a
difference in feat me or complexion. Ii is -ufiieient to know
rhatnll are the work of an Almighty hand. We lind mthc
riismbunon of the human species that the most fertile, a*
well as the most barren, parts oi the earth are inhabited by
men ot complexions dilleient trom ours and liom each
other, from whence we may reasonably, as well as reli-
giously, inter that fie who placed them in their vauous situ-
liuoiw hath extended equallv His care and protection to
all, and that u becomelh noiu  to counteract IIh mercies.
We esteem it a peculiar blessing granted to us that we are
enabled tins day to add one more .step to univeisal civili-
zation, by removing, a  much as possible, the soriows of
those who have lived in undeserved bondage, and from
which, by the assumed authority of the kings of Great Hi tr-
ain, no effectual legal relief coiiSd be obtained. Weaned
by along course ot experience from tiio-^e narrow preju-
dices and p.utialuiea we had imbibed, we find our hearts
enlaiged with kindness and benevolence towaid men of
all conditions and nation?, and we conceive ouiseives at
this particular period extraordinarily called upon, by the
blessings wi.ich we have received, to manifest the Sincer-
ity ot out piotossion and to give a substantial proof oi our
gratitude.
Sec. 2. And whereas the condition of those persons who
have heretofore been denominated negro and mulatto slaves
bas been utunded with circumstances which not only de-
prive them ot the common blessings that they weie by
natuie entitled to, hut has cast them into the deepest af-
flictions, by an unnatural separation and sale of husband
' and wife from each other and fiom their children—an in-
jury the greatness of which can only be conceived by sup-
posing that we were in the same unhappy case—in jus-
tice, therefore, to persons so unhappily circumstanced,
and who, having no prospect before them whereon they
may rest their sorrows and their hopes, have no reason-
able inducement to render their service to society which
they otherwise might, and also in grateful commemoration
of our own happy deliverance from that state of uncon-
ditional submission to which we were doomed by the
tyranny of Britain.
Sec. 3. All persons, as well negroes and mulattoes as
others, who shall be born within this State, shall not be
deemed and considered as seivants for life, or slaves, and
all servitude for life or slavery of children, in consequence
of the slavery of their mothers, in the case of all children
born within this State from and after the passing of this
act as aforesaid, shall be, and hereby is*, utterly taken
away, extinguished, and forever abolished.
Scarcely had the ^Congress of the United States
assembled, when, as the presidentof an abolition
society, Benjamin Franklin was admitted to the
bar of the House of Representatives, that, bowing
under the weight of honors and more than four-
score years, he might present the petition of the
people ofPennsylvania praying Congress to fol-
low the benign example of that State and abolish
'slavery. It was on the 12th of February, 1789.
fie drew the petition, which grateful thousands
thronged to sign. And, as truth is immortal, let
us listen to those words, and now, when we can
aid in doing it constitutionally, grant, so far as in
us lies the power, their prayer, by submitting the
proposed amendment to the people, it reads as
follows:
" To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States :
. "From a.persuasion that equal liberty was oilginally the
portion, and is still the birthright, of all men, and influenced
by the strong ties of humanity and the principles of their
institution, youi memonalists conceive themselves bound
to use all justifiable endeavors to loosen the bands of sla-
veiy and promote a general enjoyment of the blessings of
fieedoin.
" Under these impressions they earnestly entreat your
seiious attention to the subject of slavery ; that you will
be pleased to countenancc the restoiation of libei ty to those
unhappy men who alone, in this land of freedom, are
degraded into perpetual bondage, and who, aniid the gen-
eral joy oi surrounding freedom, are groaning m servile sub-
jection; that you will devise means for removing this in-
consistency fiom the chatacter of the American people;
that you will promote mercy and justice towaid this dis-
tressed race; that you will step to the veiy verge of the
power vested in you for discouraging every species of Uaf-
hc in the persons of our iellow-mem"
Let us, I repeat, heed, and, so far as we may,
grant that petition. Who shall complain that the
Congress of 1864 responds to the prayer of the men
who secured our freedom and elaborated our in-
stitutions? Who shall induce us to pause in this
great work till millions of rebels return to loyalty
and their soldiers lay down their arms and come
to contest the policy of the act? Sir, they will
probably be here before the Legislatures have all
passed on the question. The dispatch just read
told ua that Grant is to the east of Richmond, and
we know that Hunter's artillery thunders to the
west of that doomed city. I apprehend legisla-
tion at Richmond is not done calmly to-day. We
may deliberate, but they who address the Rich-
mond congress most probably echo the ravings
of the gentleman from Kentucky. Sir, what is it
that we propose to do? Is it an act of doubtful
power? No. It is simply to execute the fifth
article of the Constitution of the United States,
which provides:
" Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall
deem it neces^aiy, shall piopose amendments to this Con-
stitution, which shall be valid to all intents and purposes
as part of this Constitution when rati tied l>y three Joiothsof
the Legislutures of the several States, or by contentions in
three fowths thereof, a-< the one or the othermode oi ratifi-
cation may be proposed by the Congiess."
We propose to submit to the wisdom, patriot-
ism, and humanity of the people of the States of
this Union an amendment in accordance with this
article, and for that we are denounced by those
who in the name of Democracy plead for the per-
petuity of slavery as violating the Constitution.
1 repeat the question of my friend and colleague,
[Mr. A. Myers,] do gentlemen upon the other side
know of any one act done against this rebellion
that has been done constitutionally ? Have they
any other prayer than a prayer for the success of
the rebellion, which will, in their judgment, save
the Constitution by perpetuating and extending
the area of human slavery? Their love of De-
mocracy and the Constitution finds expressionin
degiading the laboring man to a thing of sale upon
the auction-block, in shutting out from more than
half our territory schools and churches and civil-
ization in all its aspects, whether it be religion,
scionce, art, or social life.
Sir, I arraign slavery as the efficient cause of
every national evil we have endured. It put the
vice with which v/e are now contending into the
Constitution; it commenced a war upon the dig-
nity of labor and the freedom of conscience and
thought the very day our Government was organ-
ized; it inspired and gives physical power to the
rebellion we are crushing at such fearful cost of
vigorous life; it is, as it ha3 been, the fruitful
source of all our national woes.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] as usual
avoided the subject under discussion, but cried
out for the right of asylum. Sir, this sacred in-
strument, the Constitution of the United States,
provides, section two, article four,that "the citi-
zens of each State shall be entitled to all the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens m the several
States." Does he not know that for more than
thirty years those dear friends of his, for whose
institutions he and his party plead so fervently,
have, notwithstanding this light so specifica41y
guarantied, denied not only the right of asylum,
but the right of transit through their States to
us, who doubted the wisdom or divinity of chat-
tel slavery? He prates in behalf of the right of
asylum for a slave-dealer, a slave-trader, one
whom the civilized world brands as a pirate. I
have not studied the Arguelles case, but if it be
bad as his partisan rhetoric paints it, it is but a
returning ofa " poisoned chalice" to" plague the
inventor." The offspring of robbery, its life one
continued crime, its only support despotic power,
slavery has impaired the national regatd for
the rights of the individual. It was slavery that
denied the right of asylum to the beautiful and
accomplished daughter of Samuel Hoar, of Mas-
sachusetts, and expelled that venerable scholar,
jurist, and statesman from the limits of South
Carolina, who went to argue a great cause in her
courts. It was slavery that did notdeny the right
of asylum to William Lloyd Garrison, butofTered
§20,000 to the man who would kidnap him and
carry him to that State, that its humane dealers
in the bodies and souls of men- might flay him
alive, or slowly bum him at the stake, as they
sometimes did a refractory slave, or put him in
a barrel with holes bored in it, that he might re-
tain his consciousness while slowly starving to
death, as he drifted in the river to which they
might commit him, as other poor devotees of free-
dom had done when treated thus by them.
It was slavery that by threats and demonstra-
tions of violence twice banished that friend of the
Union and of mankind, George Thompson, from
the limits of our country. And it is rather late
to prate with lips that have praised all these acts
of the right of asylum to a stealer of men and a
violator of the laws of nations, which make the
slave trade piiaey. Devotion to slavery alone
can prompt such mad garrulity. The gentleman
fiom Kentucky said that we have made the South
a unit. I deny the proposition. Sir, I believe
that when the calamity of Ball's Bluff occurred
we were contending against a unit. 1 believe
that we encountered a unit at Bull Run. But H
is so no longer. We have dispelled the vain
pride of the South and broken its unity of pur-
pose. We have conquered its contempt for the
northern Yankee, and at no day since this rebel-
lion began were so many southern men coming
into our lines to rally around the old A.igas there
are to-day. You cannot get information from
one of our armies, be it where itrnay, on any day
that does not tell you of the tens and hundreds of
deserters that come into our lines claiming the
protection of the Constitution and restoration to
the privileges and blessings of citizenship. I
speak not of black men, but of white men. You
cannot pass through the streets of this city any
day without meeting southern people who have
fled from the despotism for the perpetuation of
which the leaders of the Democratic party plead
to the freedom and security of the Constitution
as administered by Abraham Lincoln. We make
the people of the South a unit! We will indeed
soon make them a unit if Grant and Sherman and
the proudly victorious armies of freemen who
bear their standards go on as they are going, and
the bond of Union will be gratitude to those who
will have freed them from a fearful despotism and
secured to them and their posterity the enlarged
blessings of American citizenship.
The gentleman from Kentucky also said that
we do not use our colored soldiers to fight, but
pet and save them at the expense of our white
soldiers. Did we save them at Fort Pillow I And
let me pause to ask who crucified the men at Fort
Pillow, and why was it done? But that your in-
