1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
out twice with their little tug, by watching chances, when
the wesst wind would open the ice a little, and by winding
anions bergs. This oWtiuction is incident to a gieater or
Jets extent of time every !<pi lug. It is caused by northeast
winds, winch prevail at this season from six to eight weeks."
I would not vote for the Senator's proposition
to grant lands in large quantities and an appropri-
ation of money by the Government; I see that is
provided for; 1 did notunder§tand the amendment
before, but I see that is included in parentheses.
I would not support a measure granting lands in
very large quantities for a road to go to Superior
or any other port on the lake, because I think the
giant would be lost because of what 1 believe to
be the defective character of that harbor; but I do
not choose to discuss that. Jf the Senator wishes,
I repeat, to extend the grant to Wisconsin, 1 am
willing to do it, and then he cannot say that Min-
nesota has had an unfair advantage. Give Wis-
consin for the construction of her road as much
land as we give to Minnesota to construct hers;
Jet these two States of the West compete with
each other for the speedy construction of then*
enterprises.
Mr. POWELL. The amendment strikes me
very favorably. The Senator from Indiana founds
his objections to it partially on the fact that it
brings the road right to the head of the lake atSu-
perior. I have had some experience about those
harbors there; I have been all around that lake,
and I am satisfied that the Senator from Indiana is
utterly mistaken when he says the harbor atSupe-
rior city is defective. I have no doubt that it is
the best harbor on the American continent. I do
nut believe such a one can be found on any of the
lakes in the United States.
He spoke about the ice. It strikes me that if
that Senator had prosecuted his inquiries a little
farther he would have found that perhaps the
greatest obstruction to navigation in Lake Supe-
rior occurs about the Sault Ste. Mane. The har-
bor of Superior, in my judgment, is the best har-
bor on the entire lakes. The only possible diffi-
culty that exists aboutohat harbor is a little bar
near the entrance, which causes vessels to go
around in order to getupto the city; butthatcan
be dredged out at an expense of two or three
thousand dollars; and when the wind sets in a
certain direction, the entrance to the harbor being
narrow, if. is sometimes difficult of entrance; but
when in it, there is no such harbor in America.
It is sufficient to float all the navies that may be
on all the lakes. I think the Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wilkinson] will concur with me in
what I say about it. The whole difficulty is that
sometimes the wind sets in a certain direction. I
do nut understand the assault the Senator from
Indiana has made so fiercely here on the haibor
of Superior. I was at Bayfield when the Senator
was theie,and I saw plumb-lines put down in the
harbor. The water is good, I know.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator will allow
me to say_ that I do not question that the lesting-
place for vessels atSupetior is good enough when
they get in, but the difficulty is in the entrance to
the harbor, as I understand, and tiie continuance
of tiie ice in the spring.
Mr. POWELL. 1 have entered it on steamers
when the wind was very high. It is true that
sometimes the winds set there in such a way as
•to cause the entrance to the haibor to be difficult;
but when you enter it, 1 have seen 110 such har-
bor, and there is none such on the whole lakes.
There is another thing: if the railroad iuns to
the head of the lake, Superior city is the point to
which it should go, for there you reach the lake
at a distance of ninety miles from Bayfield. I
think the distance from Superior to Uayfield is
nin. ty miles.
Mr. HENDRICKS. About ninety.
Mr. POWELL, I know when I was in that
country m 1856 they said it was ninety miles irom
Supenor to BayfVid. I only rose to vindicate the
haibor ofSupenoi from the assault of the St na-
tor from Indiana. I know they ate interested at
Jjaytield in assaulting the harbor of Superioi; but
J think the railroad ought to go to the head of
lake navigation, and that is where, if let alone, it
will go.
Mr. GRIMES. Can this amendment be
amc nded ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot. This is
an amendment to an amendment.
The amend m•■in t« the amendment was iejected.
Mr. DUOLiT i'LE. I desire to offoi additional
amendments. It seems to be the sense of the
Senate that the bill is to pass, but my friend from
Indiana says there is still some hope that justice
may be done to Wisconsin. I will offer another
amendment which will give us in substance the
additional sections per mile over our land grants
where the roads are not constructed, and also
thiough the wilderness of our State from Fox
river to Bayfield, so as to give us about one third
as much as Minnesota has had. i offer the fol-
lowing additional sections:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
gianted to the State of Wisconsin, or to the companies
anthnnzed or that may be authorized by said State to con-
struct tiie same, four additional sections per mile in addi-
tion to the amount of lands aiieady granted to said State of
Wisconsin to aid m tiie cons-tjuctiou oi railroad-* In said
State, upon all portions of said routes upon which said
raihoads have not been conducted for which lands have
heietolore been granted by the United States, upon tiie
same terms and conditions, and that the tune for the com-
pletion of said i oads be extended lor the term of five years
irom the pas-sage of this act.
Ami be it fuither enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
gianted to the State of Wisconsin, or to any company
autlioiized or that may be authorized to constiuct the same,
a giant ot ten sections per mile to aid in the construction
of a Mtlrond fioni Berlin on the Fox liver, by the most
payable railroad route northwesterly through the central
ami heavily timbered portions of Wisconsin to Daj field,
and thence to Supenor, to be selected and granted upon
the same tei ms and subject to the same conditions a* hinds
are granted to aid in tiie construction of said railroad in the
State of Minnesota.
Mr. WILKINSON. I certainly hope this
amendment will not be adopted. I appeal to the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin not to load
down this bill of ours until it shall be unable to
stand. I am prepared to vote for any reasonable
measure for Wisconsin at any time and at ail
times; but I do not wish to have this b:)i loaded
down to such an extentthat it will be almost folly
to attempt to cany it through the House of Rep-
resentatives. Without any opposition to any
measure that the honorable Senator may intro-
duce for the benefit of the Wisconsin roads, with-
out wishing to assail any of those propositions, I
hope this amendment will not be pressed, but will
be permitted to stand as a separate measure,
singly by itself on its own merits, and when the
proper time shall come 1 shall be ready to go for it.
Theamendmcntto the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senate are unwill-
ing to adopt the amendment in that shape, I shall
have to make it apply to the road from Hudson
to Superior, and propose to grant fQur additional
sections per mile for that.
Mr. HOWE. If my colleague will allow me,
I will read an amendment which I have drawn,
and winch 1 think the Senators from Minnesota
and the Senate will agree to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well.
Mr. HOWE. I offer this amendment as an
additional section:
And he il further enacted^ That there be, and hereby is,
gianted to tin* Mate ot Wi-oon-.ni, for the puipo-e of fur-
tiiei aiding m tlie cou-tiuuion of a nnhoad fiom Madison
or Columbia bj the way of roitase City to the St. Cioix
nvei oi hike b'tw-en townships twenty-live and thnty-
one.and liom thence to th« western! of Lake ?upenoi and
to l .t\field, a quantity ot land in addition to that eiant'-d |
by the act entitled k,An aet planting public land- to thw ;
Mate of Wt-.eonsin to aid in the oon-tiuction of laihoads j
in s.iul Staf,'1 appioved June 3, ^o as to make ihp j
Ctant to .-a'd lailioad-5 cqu.il to t'.e eiauthiitin p:o\ided 1
tor to the Lake SupeiiOi and Mi--i?-ippi Railroad Com- j
pany, said additional quantify to be M'b'eti'd vwthiu the J
Mine hunt- and m the -nine maiurr i- i- muein piovided '
loi s,e]eetniathe land.-- granted to the uulroad company above j
mentioned. j
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not j
incumber our bill whh tins amendment. If a ;
load between the Mississippi liver and the lake i
wete not of great necessity we should not have 1
uiged it so pertinaciously, and our Legislature :
would nor have asked lor it. 1 hope we shall 1
pass the bill befote tiie Senate, and in such a shape ;
that the other House may concur m our action, j
and for that leason 1 hope the honorable St natoi j
tiom Wisconsin will withuiaw* this amendment i
and i.itmduce thftproposition in some othui shape, '
and then ! sinJI be happy to support it. j
Mr. IlOWE. This objection is a hale curious. ,
In J80G Congress made a grant to the State of i
Wisconsin for building a nulroad over the route i
mentioned in myamendment. They made agi ant :
of aiteiucUe sections of land within six miles of :
the line of the road. Th"y irave us ten yeais to !
bu i hi the i oad m, and eighi yea in ol that time ha\ e i
expned. The joad is now in ptogres>s. Now, !
Minnesota cm.as in and a.vhs for a yiantof alter- 1
nate sections to the amount of ten sections
mile, whjle the act of 1856 granted us six section)?
a mile to build a road right alongside of that which
you authorized and instructed the State of Wis-
consin to build eisht-yearsago. It was assumed
in argument here the other day that inasmuch as
we had not built the road for the past eight years,
we should notbuild it in the next two. You were
toTd that a company was at this very time strug-
gling with that enterprise. If we cannot build it
with the aid you have already given us and with-
out the discouragements which you propose by
this act, we certainly cannot build it with the dis-
couragements that you propose by this act.
Now, I have offered an amendment which will
put the State of Wisconsin in as favorable a con-
dition to complete that road as you put this rail-
road company gi for building the rival road. Is
it a greater necessity to have St. Paul connected
with Lake Superior, than to have the State of
Wisconsin connected with Lake Superior? You
instructed us to build that road, as I say, eight
years ago. If you can afford to give ten sections
a mile to this road, when they have not invested
a dollar in it, and when money is invested in ours,
can you not afford to make the^grant as liberal to
our road ?
The Senators say they have no objection to the
proposition, but they do not wish to incumber
their bill with it. If it is right, it is no incum-
brance. If it is fair, if it would be fair as an in-
dependent proposition, it is fair "here; and I beg
leave to assure my friends from Minnesota that
their bill will not be hurt a particle in my estima-
tion, and I do not think it will be hurt a particle in
the estimation of the Senate, if it is made a little
fairer than it is no\^ As it stands, I insist, as I
said before, that it is a proposition actually to take
away franchises which you granted to the State
of Wisconsin years ago. Practically, it is so. It
will be less so if you will put our enterprise on
the same footing on which you propose to put
this. The Senator from Indiana, who is on the
committee fiom which this bill comes, proposes
this amendment himself, and says it is fair; and
who says it is not?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin to strike out so much of his
amendmentas relates to that part of the road from
Madison to the St. Croix river. The amendment
which 1 had the honor to suggest to the Senate,
was to enlarge the grant from the St. Croix river
to Lake Superior, and that was based upon a
reason. That reason was that that portion of the
grant came in conflict, to some extent, with the
grant now made to Minnesota, the lines of the
two roads being somewhat parallel; but from the
city of Madison to theSt.proix river that reason
does not apply. There is no reason there why
the grantshould be extended, and I suggest to the
Senator to amend his amendment so as to apply
it only \.r> that part of the road from the St. Croix
river to Lake Superior,and then I can see no ob-
jection to it. 9
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Indiana is a
little mistaken as to the facts of the case. The
two routes are rival south of St. Paul and of Hud-
son. There is a railroad already provided for
and now in process of cousa uction, south of St.
Paul, leading down on the west side of the Mis-
sissippi. The road from Hudson to Lake Supenor
is only a'part of the line endowed by thegiant of
ISoG. It is true that this amendment will have no
piactical operation over that part of the route be-
tween Madison and Portage City, because that
country is all occupied and no public lands can be
found there, and it might just as well start from
Portage; but 1 have employed the language used
in the amendment, because I copied it from the act
ofl^aGjund certainly when the road comes from
Lake Superior to Hudson, it is necessary that it
sdmiild comedown to join with the roads running
oast and west, the m-aust of which it finds at
Portage City, or at some point on the Milwaukee
and Minnesota raihoad between Portage City and
the Mississippi river. That was what Congress
wanted to have done; not a road metely from Hud-
son to Lake Superior, but a road from the Mil-
waukee and Minnesota road to Lake Superior.
My amendment provides an equal quantity of
l.ind, ten sections per mile, over the whole route.
If thete is no objection to gianting the additional^
quantify to that part of the road lying north ot
Hudson, I cannot see what objection theio iu to
