1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2985
fernal institutions had taught the people of the
South to lookupon men, women,and children as
cattle,soulless beings,things to be scourged as you
would scourge an unruly and dangerous animal,
that horrible chapter would never have disgraced
American history. It is not for you, the cham-
pions of slavery, to complain that the negro is not
exposed sufficiently to the dangers of war, for
your tnyimidons have lied before them in many
battles, and when they have overmastered them
have tortured, burned, anil crucified them under
the teachings of that system of which we propose
constitutionally to purge t.he Constitution of our
country. Did we save the negroes at Port Hud-
son, Port Wagner, Olustee, and Plymouth; or did
you at each of these places illustrate the morality
of your system? Your former colleagues are the
defenders of slavery in arms, you are its defend-
ers in this Hall to-day, and for the same reason;
that is, because slavery is the strength of the re-
bellion, the power that is assailing our country,
the only means by which the masses of white
men whose toil is their only wealth can be reduced
to ignorance and want, and the only possible
means by which you can hope to restore topower
that political organization which under the name
of Democracy sought to subvert our free institu-
tions.
What, asks the gentleman, are you going to
do with the freed negroes? I will tell that gen-
tleman a secret confidentially. Above us all there
is a God—slave-owners have not generally known
the fact—who.will take care of His children. I
will trust the freed negroes to the care of God, un-
der our beneficent republican institutions. We
are told that the cries of the laborer whose hire
has been kept back by fraud enter into the ears
of the Lord ofSabaoth; and if the State of Ken-
tucky is to-day desolated by contending armies,
it is because the Lord of Sabaoth is avenging the
wrongs of His poor children, made dumb and
voiceless by the atheistic laws of that State. It
is the work of a just and avenging God punish-
ing even in the third and fourth generation the
wrongs done by your fathers and which you
have not repented. And when the iron shall have
so entered the soul of the aristocracy of the slave
States as to make them feel in their despair that
" verily there is a God" who controls the desti-
nies of men and of nations, and when they will
trust to Him, in His righteous power, the care of
His childien, this war will ceaseand peace again
bless our nation. When we break every yoke
and let the oppressed go free, the broad fieldsthat
war has desolated will again blossom as the rose
and reward the labor of the husbandman.
Let us protect our posterity against the pos-
sibility of a recurrence of these fearful evils.
Let us not becontent with crushing this rebellion.
Let us not be content with producing all over the
country, loyalty to the flag. Let justice to all
men be our aim. Lot us establish freedom as
a permanent institution, and make it universal.
I appeal to those gentlemen on the other side
of the House who shrink from the abhorient
doctrines of the leaders of their party; to those
of you who have read the Beatitudes and remem-
ber that at your mothers' knees you lisped a
prayer that God would deal gently even with those
who had trespassed against you, to vote with us,
and not withhold from the intelligent people of
this country the right to pass upon this question
so fraught with blessed or fearful consequences.
We do not make the amendment. We cannot
make it. We can but initiate it. Gentlemen,
you who profess to have such abiding confi-
dence in the people, will you let them have an
oppoitunity to say whether the Constitution shall
be constitutionally amended? In their name, in
the name of Democracy, in the name of Humanity,
in the name of Christianity, I pray you for once
to make good your professions and confide in the
people sufficiently to permit them to say yea or
nay on the question whether they will peace-
ably and constitutionally extinguish the scouige
and disgrace of our common country, human
slavery.
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Speaker, having on
the question of its second reading voted for the
lejeouon of the joint resolution now before the
tiouse, and intending to vote against it when put
upon its passage, I desire to state some of the
reasons that influence my vote.
In so far as the anti-slavery sentiment which
now exists in the United States is based in sin- I
cere moral and political convictions, free from the
taint of passion and fanaticism, I sympathize with
and respect it„and I find fault with no man for
opinions intelligently and honestly entertained.
A large majority of the people of the United
States who have had their birth and education
in non-slaveholding States, whether American or
foreign, are not in favor of negro slavery. They
regard it as an evil to be deprecated, not as a good
to be fostered and perpetuated; and when welook
back upon the history of our country from the
organization of the Union until now, and see
how much the question of slavery lias had to do
with the political agitations and sectional and par-
tisan animosity that have culminated in disunion
and civil war, few candid men can hesitate to be-
lieve that it would have been far better if negro
slavery had never existed on this continent. Say
what we can in its favor, its existence and history
affoid no bright pages in the annals of our coun-
try. For one, sir, I would rejoice to know that
by the free, peaceful, constitutional action of the
people of the slaveholding Slates, manifested
through their own constitutions and laws, slavery
had ceased to exist in all those States, and that the
word slave could never again be truly applied to
a human being within all the broad territory of
the Federal Union; but I will not permit my
opinions against slavery to lead me into hatred
of slaveholders, nor into a lawless zeal to violate
rights conceded to them by the Constitution of
my country; and, in my judgment, so long as the
Federal Union exists there is not and should not
be any political power short of the free consent
of each slaveholding State that can rightfully
abolish slavery in the United States.
Negro slavery existed in all the States of the
Union but one when the Federal Constitution was
formed. It was a subject considered and earnestly
discussed'in the Convention that framed the Con-
stitution, and the southern States, most largely
holding slaves, were very sensitive and jealousas
to any interference by the Federal Government
with the question of slavery m the Statesi The
Federal Constitution, therefore, accepted and rec-
ognized slavery as a fact and a legal relation un-
der State laws; but it left it where it found it, sub-
ject to those laws. It neither in terms nor by
implication assumed any control over the subject,
except in three particulars:
1. It recognized and guarantied the right of the
States to import slaves until 1808.
2. It provided that in the basis of representation
and direct taxation in the Federal Government
five slaves should count as three free persons.
3. It provided, in substance if not in words,
for the surrender to the owner or master, of any
slave escaping from a State, where held as aslave
under the laws thereof, into another State.
It is indisputable, therefore, that the Federal
Constitution went into operation m 1789 as the
bond of union and the supreme law for all na-
tional purposes expressed in that Constitution of
fiee and slaveholding States, and that there was
nothing in the Constitution to abrogate or im-
pair the right of a slave-owner to the person and
service of his slave in a slaveholding State any
more than there was in it anything to impair the
right of a father to the person and services of his
minor child in any non-slaveholding State.
Under the peaceful protection and fostering care
of tins Constitution, which, in the language of its
framers, was " the result of a spirit ot amity and
of that mutual deference and concession which
the peculiarity of our political situation rendered
indispensable," States that were slave States when
the Constitution was adopted became of their own
volition, by their own legislation, and in their
own time and way, without interference, let, or
lunderance from the Federal Government, free
States. Other original States of the Union con-
tinued to hold their slaves. Territory was ac-
quired and organized as slaveholding territory.
JNew States, formed fiom national territory ac-
quired by cession from the original States or by
purchase or annexation, as in the case of Texas,
were admitted into the Union, some as slavehold-
ing, others as non-slaveholding States; and on the
rfoTh day of December, 1860, when South Caro-
lina passed an ordinance of secession from the
Federal Union, of the thirty-three States of the
Union fifteen wore slaveholding Slates.
It is needless to comment on the giowth and
prosperity of the Union from its organization tfp
to the time of the attempt at its dissolution. It
is enough to say, what we all know, that its his-
tory demonstrated that a Republic of Federal
States, part slave and part free, could grow and
prosper, and become great among the nations,
and diffuse unexampled freedom and happiness
among its people. Left to its peaceful, he&lthful
action, the Federal system, committed to our care
by our fathers, did not dishonor their wisdom or
patriotism.
It is undoubtedly true as a fact of history that
the Union could riot have continued, nor theCon-
stitution as it now is have been adopted; if the
northern States had insisted upon the prohibition
of slavery in the Constitution, or in providing for
power in the Federal Government to control or
abolish it. It was a local State institution, anal-
ogous in its legal features to the domestic rela-
tion of parent and ohild, guardian and ward,
master and servant, one of the class which, by
the theory of the Union, was reserved from the
control of the Federal Government; and to have
conceded the right of the Federal Government to
control it would have been to concede a princi-
ple of Federal intervention with the internal pol-
ity of the States that would have been fatal to the
peace and permanence of the Union. By the
confederation of July 9,1778, each State retained
its sovereignty, freedom, and independence, and
every power, jurisdiction, and right notexpressly
delegated to the United States; and if not in sim-
ilarlanguage, the Federal Constitution in its tenth
amendment contains, in spirit and substance, the
same reservation of rights to the States or their
people. From the beginning of the Government
until the commencement of civil war for its de-
struction it was the received interpretation of the
Constitution of the United States by all political
parties having any claims to numbers or respect-
ability that the right to control or abolish slavery
in the States was not in the Federal Government,
and it was because of this absence of power in
that Government, and of its supposed obligation
to protect slavery, that a small party of the zeal-
ots of anti-slavery pronounced the Constitution
itself to be "a covenant with death and anagree-
ment with hell." It was for that cause they
hated it and cursed it, and worked for its destruc-
tion by poisoning the mind of the people with
their traitorous heresies.
In so far as the present Administration and
its party are concerned, I presume they will not
deny, in reference to this question of State con-
trol over the institution of slavery, the authority
of the fourth resolution of the Chicago conven-
tion of May, 18C0, m these words;
"That tiie maintenance inviolate of the rights oi'tlie
States, and especially the rinlit ot' each Suite to order and
control its own domestic institutions according to lis own
judgment exclusively, is essential to thut balance nl power
on which the perfection and endurance of our political
fabric depend."
Again, on the 11th of February, 1861, pending
the effoits at compromise in Congress and in the '
peace conference consequent upon the threatened
dissolution of the Union, the House ot Represent-
atives in the Thirty-Sikth Congress by a vote of
116 ayes to 4 noes adopted this resolution:
«P.ewlaei, Thatneithertlie Federal Governmentnnr the
people nor governments of the iion-siaveholding .Suites
iiavc a purpose or a constitutional right to legislate upon
or interfere with slavery in any of the States ot the Union.
On the same day this resolution was amended
and passed by a unanimous vote of one hundred
and sixty-one members, so as to read as follows:
"Reso'vei, That neither Congress nor the people or tile
governments of tile uon-slaveholdlng States have the right
to legislate upon or interfere with siaveiy in any ol tho
slaveholding States of the XJnion."
But again, on the 4th of March, 1861, President
Lincoln, under the obligations'of his official oath,
and under circumstances, lfever, demanding truth
and patriotism, reaffirmed the fouith resolution
of the Chicago convention, and declared it to bo
his law, accompanying it with this declaration:
"Appii-hension seems to exist among the people of the
southern States that by the accession of a Republican Ad-
ministration their property and peace and personal security
ail' to be emlangeied. There has never been any reason-
able cause for such apprehension. Indeed, tliemo-t ample
evidence to the contraiy lias all the while cxi-t.-d mid
been open to theii inspection. It is found in neai y all the
piiblt-hed speeches ot lum who now addres-.es you. i do
i but (tuote (mm one of those speeches when [ decline mat
' ' I have no purpose, directly or iiidin:etly, to liiu tli'it- with
the institution of slavery Id UitJ Stall's wheie u txis.to, 1
