2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
aifa slave'; or he would attempt to maintain the
srfme authority by increased rigor and severity,
on his-own part, in the law, and in armed patrols.
1 flow Speak of master and slave to represent the '
whole* dominant and servient populations. The
fifst plan would rapidly grow into a system of
contract, hiring, villeinage; tenantry, losing all
the features of the absolute control incident to
slkvery, until it would merge into the practical,
a fid ultimately the legal freedom of the bluck man.'
This process would be greatly hastened if it'were
sought to lessen their numbers while flattering
tlfe'ir vanity by training them to the use of ai'ms
to assist in the alrftost constant 'state*of wat'that
exist betwecn'Uie two Goverrt*nfi'eirts,"by the
coiifldence an"d importance such a coul-Sfe would'
impart to theiiv; "a policy that would also be in-
vited by the scarcity of laboring whites from;
whcmt to replenish their armies. This course of
events is far less probable tlmn the other, that of
increased vigor. That wouid first be manifested'
on' (he plantation and in the domestic circle; but
as the disparity in the two population&'grew apace,
the' preservation of the relation of master and
slave wouid become one of the chief objects of
legislation. To accomplish the end it would be
found that the white or master class would rap-
idly Assume the characterof a military police, em-
bracing a vast majority of its members, who
Would live upon horseback, and wield the arms
of the light cavalry service, almost as uniformly
as would ,the blacks the plow atid line. How
long'would be required for society to assume this
phase, or how long it could be preserved when
assumed, are questions not'sci'm'aterial a^tliefact
that it would not endure agreat whih'yh'nd would
find itsdenouementm aSan Domingo stroggte, in
which if the whites* were successful the blacks
would be exterminated as a necessity, and if the
btacks were Successful the white's would be de-
stroyed as an act of bloody and malignant revenge,
leaving that skirt of c'ountry in ihe possession of
the black man. And how long would he hold it?
Not a half, a quarter, nor a tenth so long as the
Indian did after the white race setfoot on Ply-
mouth rock. ' While, these events were passing
ill* ihe' Sonlh, the jN'orth would in the mean time
become pressed wittia red nndant, active, aggress-
ive, ad venturous population, spi ung from a blood
ihtrt loves land and power, does not fear war, and
despises all inferiors. They would seek an estab-
liahftfeiVt and an easier'subsistence in the more
gemnl climes of the South. Pretexts, possibly
giiod causes, for war would u6t be long wanting,
nBr would it require much argument in the mind
of tlu« northern conqueror to persuade him that
his black neighbor was His natural eiiefflry'tlrtd
that nothing less than his entire laiided estate (so
illy gotten anyhow 1) would constitute indemnity
for the past aftd security for the future. But may
nbt ull this reasoning asf to the course of slavery
unthil' the confederacy bfe illy founded, because it
implies the notion final; a confederacy based oii
secession could Inst two or three generations ? Is
it Trot far more probable thataimirh earlier solu-
tion Would be had in the shattering a nd breaking ;
to pieces that must come of secession and petty j
civil wars run nil infinitum?
Those who dream of elevating the African in
oilr-midst to a morel, social, amrpohtie'.il equality
with the white inali will be disappointed'. Sec-'s-
stotiists and abolitionists arc nil alike in one re-
spect,-and their children will'be us their fathers.
TiHv fi'etd man will enter the listsas-a Conineinnr,
and as such will go down. Our blood loves land, I
loves money, lovespower, and despises inferiors, '
especially Imliansand negroes. We will out-work I
him,nut-thrive him, out-trade him, out-learn liini, I
oat-fight him, out-vote hini if nerd be; in slioit, !
beat him m the grcatganie of life, and lie will dis- i
appear, partly by violence, partly by that kind '
liile oi d-iimnished increase that favors a iaee in '
th'at condition, and partly by those irregularities !
that Will throw the bloonof the two races intntoi-*!
intermediate channel. When war and democracy j|
ha've donfe all they can, dissolved the bonds of the '
slave, if will then be found that the equality'of I
democracy is confined to the limits of a iaee <,f 1
equals. Matk already the constitutional pro- :
visions to exclude the blacks from several of the !
free- States. When the "Atneiican citizen of1
African descent" shall demand that his equality
of freedom gives him a right to social and pohi- 11
leal equality he will have a smile from a taction
and'a scowl from the mass. Christianity lias
beeh invoked in this great undertaking. Chris-
tianity is in some respects the most democratic
and' in some respects the most conservative power
among men; conservative in its precepts for do-
mestic government and obedience to rightful au-
thority, and democratic in its freedom of thought
and injunctions of personal justice. This great
power is active and aggVessive; it goes every-
where and pei'mektes all institutions, and a whole-
some democracy, either latent or developed, fol-
lows*1;i' its wake. It' has converted the white
mafetei*'and the black slave, brought them into
the same sanctuary where they attend upon the
same ministrations, and, in thousands of cases,
they kneel in prayer every nightaround the same
family altar. But Christianity has not made the
two equal as races, and democracy will fail to
achieve what Chi istianity has omitted to attempt.
Democracy equalizes in a legal sense the son of
the President and the son of the pauper; in a
few generations it brought to an equality the
son of the hereditary nobleman and the son of the
meanest feudatory. But this is only equalizing
castes and discrepancies of position among men
of the same blood. Accident, force, law, cus-
tom, separated them for a while, but democracy
brought them together on the same plane. It has
not done this and will not be able to do it for the
Caucasian and the African. This demand foi a
forced and suddeu equality of all men, when it
reaches the point of popular or epidemic political
fever, not only demands the abolition of ail priv-
ilege and distinction for the future, but cries for
blood as a revenge for the 'past. Persons per-
fectly innocent, oreven useful or amiable in their
own characters, are ruthlessly destroyed for be-
ing the representatives of an hereditary nil d con-
demned inequality. It demands there shall be no
distinctions or auihonty but those founded on vir-
tue and genius; that every avenue in society and
State shall be open to every human being; soon
punishes as a crime distinction won by vii tue and
genius, and ends by submitting to powu* won by
crime. Panic is an inequality, and its possessor
must be beheaded or banished. Hemlock and
ostracism were the familiar rewards of citizens
grown too great among the ancients. In France
the Convention, the Commune, and the Com-
mittee of Public Safety beheaded one sot of gen-
erals for being defeated, on the ground of com-
plicity with the enemy; and beheaded another set
for being successful and winning the confidence
of the soldiers, on pretensb 'of fearing a dictator.
Their popularity was dangerous; it was a con-
spiracy because it might be impioperly used.
Whether used well or ill it was an inequality not
to be allowed. Under other forms of govern-
ment great deeds excite gratitude oi- patriotic
ambition; under a pure democracy they ai'e only
a passport to destruction or exile. Republics
are noi ungrateful, but' demociacies aie terribly
jealous.' We have not yet readied that poijtit in
our fever. We may reach it and suffer its de-
lirium and cruelties, and pass into the cold sweat
of collapse in the attempt to make an equal of the *
negro, and then find we have not accomplished'1
j what God did not will should be.
"Natmo is an aristocrat," exclaimed Lamar-
| tine, himself a democrat. If he meant as to per-
sons lie said too much, if as to laces he said the
truth. Again, " Kquality is written In the law
long before it isestabhslicd in races." If lie meant
bet>eenn men or castes of the some race he is right,
, for I here'equality is oftener a political idea and a
\ lejalnglit than a of is---ti.il fart, if he meanterjual-
j lty of or between lacAs it does not exist. Those
j who think emancipation will solve the whole prob-
j lem in this vexed matter, have not yet seen the
greatest trouble in the case. Dispose of the slavery
question and the negro question remains. The
same spiiit, the same interests, that give freedom
to the slave, when brought in contact with the
negro will go for thrusting ljini out of the com-
| mumty as a foreign substance offensive to their
theory, one for whom thpre is neither room nor
!">;>■' y m our social and political hive, whose ejec-
tion 1-; demanded by public economy, the public
peace, mid that public equality they will continue
to teach. Viewed f'tnrn a distance, the relation of
masteratrd slaveexcites then-democracy, Brought
111 contact with the iaee, the same inexorable de-
mand fm equality, coupled with the manifest im-
possibility of its accomplishment, and the passion
of o'tfr blbdd for land and dominion, will make
them the enemy of the race. When well analyzed
this will be fo'utfd the chief element and motive
power with 'the extremes in this movement on
both sides; and this remark is nond"the less true
because a vast majority of those who rush orfloat
with the tide honestly think they are acting from
other motives, and have not yet discovered the
real propelling power that is behind them. The*
form of democracy I speak-'of is energetic and
severe while it lasts, but neVer lasts long. It is
not in the nature of thiri^slhat itcan make aprft-
tracted and sustained effort in one direction for
even one generation. It subsides, but the leaven
of democracy works forever. Our political pend-
ulum, in counting off the centuries of our career,'
may swing to and fro, but events on this Conti-
nent will verify what reason teaches, that a pure
democracy, orally very near approach to it, is the
most impracticable and short-lived of all forms of
administration for an extensive empire and a large
population; and as often as we are compelled to
return from either extreme to our system of del-
egated or representative authority, and the checks
of our three departments, it will be with a re-
newed appreciation of their value and importance.
A question of race, and, connected with that, a
question of land, is the ulterior foim which this
matter will assume. The system of servitude by
which a hundred men -woik an estate for one
owner,and the three fifths rule by which tliatone *
owner votes equal to sixty non-slaveholders, arc
elements that excite democracy, jealousy, and
cupidity. Tile master's power is to lie shorn, the"
slaves to be freed, hired, and cheated, and the land'
divided among those who win it in battle. I do
not mean to speak harshly or unjustly, but this
does seem to me to be the tenor and effect of our
legislation. A century or half century hence the
white man, moved by the same impulses about
equality, and the same idea about laud, mid the
same feeling about race, will advance a long but
easy stride' from the abolition of slavery to the-*
expulsion or abolition of the race be really feels
is ill his way. To doubt this for a moment is to
igrioie history and human nature and the fate of"
the red man. It is proved by the WUhm;ness and
even the anxiety to thrust the negro into rhe'tvar;
to hold him up as a dark shield bfetwecn-"our bos- •
oms and the fire of the rebel hosts. It is claimed
that it saves the lives of white m^n. That is true,
and is to the point in more senses than one. '- li
can only save white men by exposing black men
to destruction, and then when the war is over that
displacement of the race so much desired will
have been partially effected. While the antag-
onism of race is assuming this form of expression
at the North, it is assuming quite a different and
yet quite a natural form at-the South. What lias-
enabled the leader to get into the rank and file of
his army, and to make so determined a soldier
of the poor and laboring white man of the South.'
Was it that he ha*d been wronged by our Gov-
ernment, or felt any real opposition to it as such?
Not at all. It was accomplished by making him '
believe the negro-was to be set free and made his *
equal, and that a State had the right to secede to
prevent this. He fights for these reasons, and
so would many northern tnen similarly situated.
Reverse positions and educations, and many an
advocate of universal emancipation would be a
devoted soldier under the stars and bars of rebel-
lion, while many a soldier of the pro-slavery se- .
cession would'be a zealous advocate of universal
emancipation. And all for the same causes, de-
veloped in different forms and under different
lights, democracy and racc.
If this ultimate contest of race, and its disas-
trous result to the black man be thought a harsh
or unjust vit'W of human nature, I answer 1 am
not defending the morality of the result, but am
only getting my own consent to see a great tiuth
pointed to by the history and the constitution of
man, the jealousy und antagonism of races; that
latent, instinctive hostility which, when brought
into action, sometimes assumes the form of sla-
very, sometimes of war, sometimes expulsion,
and sometimes extermination, it is an instinct
among men as it is among animals, and therefore
is confined to no age, no climate, no race, no color.
It existed between Egyptian and Israelite; be-
tween the polite nations and barbarians; between
Jew and Grentile; between Roman and Cartha-
ginian; between Castilian and Moor; between the
