1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
inquiry which was made by the Senator from
Michigan, I desire to state to the Senate that I hold
in my hand a statement made by one of the direct-
ors of this road, which I believe to be correct, in
relation to the condition of the road. He says:
"The road was commenced, considerable grading done,
and lies hniushed on the fiist twenty miles from Lake St.
Croix; but on the breaking out of the war the work was
8inpemlfd,but has been recommenced. The company has
changed hands and been reorganized the past summer, and
the work is now progressing. "The company are now spend-
ing about two thousand dollars per week in getting out tim-
ber for building bridges, culverts, cross-ties, grading, &e.
They have about twenty miles graded, and the ties for the
same delivered on the line of the road, and a contract for
the furnishing of the ties on twenty miles more of the road
to be completed on or before the 1st of May next. The
company have purchased five hundred tons of iron, which
is now waiting the opening of navigation to be shipped in
the spring, and have contracts made and means provided
for the finishing of forty miles of the southern end of their
road the coming season, which will leave ninety-five miles
to build on the main line to Superior, it being one hundred
and thirty-five miles by actual survey from Hudson to Su-
perior city.
" The directors and officers of the company are: Judge
Hubbell, of Milwaukee, now member of the Legislature ;
John Comstock, president of the First National i3ank of
Hudson; John C. Campbell, of Racine, Wisconsin; George
L. Becker, of St. Paul, Minnesota; L. Wetliciby, of Hud-
son, supreme court judge ot Wisconsin; Harvey y. Clapp,
o{ Hudson, deputy United States marshal; Mr. Marsh, of
New Jeisoy, son of Judge Marsh ; A, P. Buithond, New
Jersey ; E. Claik, former member of Congress from Hait-
ford, Connecticut, now of New Yoik; D. A. Baldwin, of
New Yoik. President, A. P. Burthond; Treasurer, E.
Clark, jr.; Chief Engineer, John C.Campbell. Tiustees
for the bonds : Judge Mars-h,of New Jersey, president Mor-
ns canal; A. O. Zabriskie, an eminent lawyer of New
Jer-ey."
These arc the gentlemen who constitute the or-
ganization of this company, and this is the state-
ment of what has been done. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not desire to detain the Senate; I am
willing to come to a vote. I should like to have
the amendment of my colleague adopted, for the
only effect of it will be to make this additional
grant on the line of this route and down the line
to a point called Tomah, on. the La Crosse rail-
road. Beyond ihatitcannotgo,mostof the lands
having already been taken.
Mr. TEN EYCK. There is an evident indis-
position on the part of the Senate for the continu-
ation of this debate; and it is perfectly natural
that that which interests the Senators from these
different States should be of very little conse-
quence to Senators from other States. The de-
bate, therefore, assumes rather a personal char-
acter so far as they themselves are concerned,and
results in indifference on the partof every one else.
Thestatement just read by the Senator from Wis-
consin, alluding to several persons who have con-
nection at present with the St. Croix and Lake
Superior road, perhaps will be an apologyformy
making a remark or two on the subject.
I have been informed by gentlemen of the high-
est character and respectability, who have chargc
of the road at present, that they have already ad-
vnncrd largely for the purpose of the immediate
construction of this road, that the construction of
the St. Croix road has been delayed for some
years past in consequence of the breaking out of
the rebellion. They have actually invested large
means, and secured, with the aid they hoped to
obtain from Congress, sufficient for the construc-
tion of the road. There is no kite-flying about
it, and there is no speculation connected with it
now.
I myself would have appealed to the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. TIowe] to withdraw that
portion of his amendment which asks for the ap-
propriation of these alternate sections of land so
far as respccts the lower partof the road embraced
in his amendment, which would have the effect
of placing the two roads that are now to assume
a lival character upon an even footing in that re-
spect. But the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands states that there is an unceitainty
with respect to the quantity of acres that may be
appropriated toward * he St. Croix and Lake Su-
perior road under the amendment now proposed,
and there seems to be an uncertainty resting in
the mind of the Senator from Michigan in relation
to several important matters connected with this
grant which he would desire to be informed upon.
Now, sir, with the view of bringing this matter
, to a close, and with a view of shortening the de-
bate, and with a view of ascertaining the facts to
the ontii u satisfaction of Senators, I move that this
hill bo recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lando for the puipooc of tit-eei tuining tin; amount
of land that will be granted to this road under the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Wis-
consin, and whether his amendment should be re-
stricted to the St. Croix and Lake Superior road,
and also whether the road is in the hands of real
bona fide persons, who are able and willing to ap-
propriate the money for the purpose of the imme-
diate construction and completion of the road. I
hope it will take that course, and 1 believe it will
result in relieving the Senate from a continuous
and more or less unpleasant debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope not. 1 hope the Sen-
ate will not recommit the bill. We have already
exhausted almost everything that can be said
about it. There isccrtainly nonecessity of send-
ing it back to the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the^uestion on
the motion to recommit the bill, and declared that
it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is too late.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the decision
of the Chair, it is too late.
Mr, HENDRICKS. The amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin proposes an additional
section. It is therefore an amendment to the bill
and not to the amendment, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps a question of
order will not be raised on an amendment which
I suggest to that amendment. If not, I propose
to strike out the words, " Madison or Columbus
by the way of Portage City."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin can accept it.
Mr. HOWE. I accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senator
from Wisconsin so modifies his amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How will that part of it
read then?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That part of the
amendment will be read as it has been modified.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That there be, and hereby is, granted to the State of Wis-
consin foi the purpose of further aiding in the constiuction
of a railroad from ihe St. Croix river or lake, between town-
ships twenty-five and thirty-one, and from thence to the
west end of Lake Superior, &c.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to my colleague
to say "from Hudson on St. Croix lake." The
St. Croix river runs almost up to Superior.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is the description that
is in the oiigirml giant; and it has been adjusted
in the Land Office on that description.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was part of the descrip-
tion in the original grant; but that description be-
gan down at Columbus, and went up to the St.
Croix liver, and from there, if it should say in
the amendment, "the point on St. Croix river
where the grant has already been fixed," it would
do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
putting in Hudson, if you want to put that in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Say " Hudson on the St.
Croix river."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will'ask the Senator
if that is the point fixed in the adjustment at the
General Land Office?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be amended in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the amendment be read
as it now stands.
The Secietary read it, as follows:
•find be it further enacted, Tiiat there be, and hereby i<,
gi anted to the State of Wisconsin, for the purpose of further
aiding in the construction of aiailroad from {Indson. on the
St. Croix uvet or lake, between townships twenty-five and
iimu-onc, ami fioin thcncc to the we^t end of Lake Su-
penoi and to TSayfletd, a qnantityof land in addition to that
granted by the act entitled "An act granting public kind-
to the State of Wisconsin to did m th« construction of r.ui-
loads in said State,appioved June 3. ltf5G, so a< to make
the gianttOKUd railroad.^ equal per mile to the grant herein
piovided loi to the Lake Supenor and Mi-siasippi Kail road
Company, said additional quantity to be >elected wulun the
same limits and in the ■same mannci a? heiein piovidcd
for selecting the land to the lailroad company above men-
tioned.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin that, inasmuch as he lias
inserted the name of the town of Hudson, the
other descuption there by townships and langcs
is not necessary, and that had better bo stricken
out.
Mr. HOWE. The additional words," between
townships twenty-fivg and thirty-one,"are not ne-
cessary, and might just as well be stricken out.
Mr. HARLAN. I would inquire of the Sen-
ators from Wisconsin whether, if they now have
more lands granted in the law as it stands than
will be granted by this bill to Minnesota, they
will cede back the excess to the General Govern-
ment?
Mr. HOWE. What is that?
Mr. HARLAN. If tVffe grant you now have
under the laws as they exist is larger than the one
to Minnesota, will you cede back to the United
States the excess?
Mr. HOWE. Strictly on demand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that I do not think he understands
the exact equity of Wisconsin in this matter. The
objection he now suggests, I think, is not well
taken, because the Senate has agreed to an amend-
ment to this bill to-day which allows the State of
Minnesota to go outside of the ten-mile limit and
make up the deficiency of whatever portion has
been disposed of by the Government within that
limit, so that the probability is that Minnesota
will get the entire grant.
Mr. HARLAN. Togo outside of the ten miles,
but within a limit of twenty miles.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And the Senator from
Iowa cannot doubt that they will make up the full
amount of sections as if the Government had not
disposed of a single section between St. Paul and
Lake Superior. That will make the grant com-
plete.
Mr. HARLAN. I do doubt about that fact.
I do not think they will get the full grant.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not doubt that they-
will get the whole grant.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not one half, I think. A
great deal of the land between Superior and St.
Paul has been settled and entered. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] to the amendment of the committee,
as modified.
The question being taken, on a division the
ayes were 11, and the noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fesscn-
den, Foot, Foster, Harris, Henducks, Howe, Morgan,Pom-
eroy, Powell, Slieiman, Ten Byck,Willey,iind Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Iiuckalew, llarlile,
Chandler, Coimess, Harding, Harlan, Howard, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Nesmitll, Ramsey, Rid-
dle, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wilkinson—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment of the committee as
amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce the following
bills; which were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (S. No. 160) to grant aid for the construc-
tion of certain railroads in'Wisconsin—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (S. No. 1G1) to extend the northern branch
of the Pacific railroad from Sioux City to Supe-
rior—to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
' the House had passed the folio wing bills ;m which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
i A bill (No. 187) to regulate the dismission of of-
I ficeis m the military and naval service;
| A bill (No. 196) to aid in the protection ofemi-
I grants-to the Territories;
i A bill (No. 251) to organize a regiment of vet-
! erau volunteer engineers;
A hill (No. 303) to establish a Bureau of Mili-
tary Justice;
A bill (No. 313) to increase the pension of the
