1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
their old names; but it is a mere matter of de-
scription; a convenient mode of expression. They
once were States of the Union. In form they
still maintain the same organization and thesame
geographical boundaries; and as a convenient and
ready designation of them as a power de facto we
call them by the same old names.
In calling them States, and treating them as
powers de facto, we do not concede the right or
the legal power of secession. We deny the right
of secession, and yet, asin the case of these States,
it may become a fact. It has become such, but
by wrong, by the highest of crimes, treason, rob-
bery, and murder; nevertheless it is no less a fact.
By it,' however, came death and dissolution to the
body-politic of those States, not by virtue of their
resolutions and official or conventional declara-
tions of secession alone, for these were mere nul-
lities, and they were meaningless until followed
by action. When followed by action, by forci-
ble resistance to Federal authority, these resolu-
tions and declarations had a meaning. They
showed the animus of such resistance, the inten-
tion of it, and the extent to which it was intended
to reach. They tended to show that such resist-
ance was intended to be by the States in their
corporate capacity. They showed that such re-
sistance was not for redress of grievances under
the national Government, but for its entire abro-
gation and destruction, so far as they were con-
cerned; that they became and now are enemies
within our borders and upon our own territory;
and that the war has been, is, and mustcontinue
to be on our part for the mainte^nce of the ex-
istence of the national Government and the in-
tegrity of its territory.
We recognize them, however, as belligerents
only. They have not been recognized by us or
by the nations of the world in any other capacity.
When an insurrection becomes civil war and the
necessity occurs to treat the insurgents as belli-
gerents has been so ably discussed and elucidated
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom-
all] -and others on this floor, who have preceded
me, that I will not take up the time of the House
with any remarks upon that point. It is sufficient
for my present purpose that it has been authori-
tatively determined by judicial decision, and by
the action of all the branches of the Government,
that this contest is war, and that the rights and
immunities of belligerents attach. From which
it follows that the contest must be conducted under
the rules of war, recognized as such by civilized
nations; and further, that in its conclusion and
results the contending parties must be governed
by the same rules.
The " southern confederacy" and the States of
which it is composed have no standing, there-
fore, except by virtue of those belligerent rights.
And hence they must stand or fall by the rules
of war. They are belligerents because of their
military power; and they will remain belligerents
so long, and so long only, as they have an organ-
ized army in the field, and because they have it.
Everything depends upon the success or defeat
of their arms. If they succeed, they then emerge
into a civil government, and are entitled to be
placed among the nations of the earth. If they
fail, if their military power is broken up and de-
stroyed, they are destroyed with it and are noth-
ing. The rebellious States have submitted their
right to national existence to the fate of war, and
by that fate they must abide.
But who are the parties to the war, and what
are the immediate results of conquest by either?
The pat-ties are, upon the one side, a portion of
the people of this nation in insurrection, organ-
ized into a formidable military powerand assum-
ing to exercise all the functions of civil govern-
ment, (through the forms and machinery of gov-
ernment known as States, which had once existed
under and as a part of the national Government,)
seeking a dismemberment of the nation and the
establishment of their own independence; and
upon the other side the national Government itself
seeking to maintain its integrity.
The integrity of the Government, as before
shown, is to be maintained by breaking up the
military power of the insurgents, which, as we
have seen, must be done under the laws ot war.
According to those laws the successful party is
conqueror and the other is the conquered; and all
the rights, liabilities, and disabilities of conquest
follow. If we succeed we make no conquest of
territory,because that is already ours. -We simply
succeed, in that respect, in bringing that whicn is
our own again under our control. But we do make
conquest of the people, and of the entire people,
within the insurrectionary district; because by
the rules of war all the people within the enemy's
jurisdiction are enemies. . By the same laws we
succeed to the right not only to govern the con-
quered but to dictate to them the form of gov-
ernment which they shall adopt, limited only by
our own constitutional powers.
It is absurd, and illogical, and in contravention
of the plainest rules of war, tocpntend that States,
which have thus formally forsworn their ailegi-:
ance to the Government and submitted the ques-
tion to the arbitrament of war, are entitled never-
theless to all their rights and immunities under
thenational Constitution and laws. As-well might
it be said that nations at war with each other migh t
insist upon the observance of former treaties of
commerce and of diplomatic courtesies. No, sir,
war abrogates all compacts, and the belligerents
are remitted to the inexorable laws of war in all
their intercourse with each oiher. And there is1
no difference in this respect between a civil war
and a war with a foreign nation.
In our case, so far as Slate rights are concerned,
and to the extent to which those rights exist, we
may treat the enemy, when subdued, as a con-
quered foreign Power; but so far as ihe powers
and jurisdiction of the General Government are
supreme or even concurrent, the people at war
with it are domestic enemies and traitors, and on
being subjugated are liable to be treated as such.
Hence, the States thus at war are liable to have
their respective State governments and their ex-
istence as States treated as abrogated and at an
end, in the same manner and to the same extent
as in the case of a subjugated foreign Power. But
while this is the case the powers and jurisdiction
of the General Government remain just as tliey
were before the war, unaffected and unimpaired,
over all the territory of those States, and ail the
people which shall be found remaining there; and
that to the same extent and to be exercised in the
same manner as if suoh State governments had
never existed. If rebels and traitors are found
there, treat them just as you would rebels and
traitors found anywhere within our jurisdiction;
convict them and hang them, or grant them am-
nesty, as may seem meet.
So far, then, as those organizations known as
States are engaged as such in this contest it is
war to all intents and purposes; and so far as the
people in their character as citizens of the United
States are concerned it is civil war; in each of
which conditions, however, thenational Govern-
ment has the same rights and powers as in the
other.
In deciding the prize cases, so called, in 1869,
the Supreme Court of the United States laid down
the following doctrine in relation to the present
contest:
"The present civil war between the United Slates and
the so-called confederate States has such character and
magnitude as to give the United States the same rights and
powers which they might exercise in the case of anational
or foreign war."—2 Black, 636.
And again, quoting'Vattel aa authority, the
court say, (page 667:)
  t A civil war,' says Vattel, 1 breaks the bands of so-
ciety and government, or at least suspends their lorce and
"effect; U produces in the nation two independent parties,
who consider each other as enemies, and acknowledge no
common judge. Those two parlies, therefore, must t e
cessanty be considered as constituting, at least for a tune,
two separate 5>odies, two distinct societies. Having no
common superior to judge between them, they stand in
precisely the same predicament as two nations who engage
in a contest and have recourse to arms.' "
In this view of the case, and so far as we have
the right by the laws of war to dictate terms to
the conquered, and grant amnesty to domestic
enemies, the proclamation of the President, ac-
companying his last annual message to Congress,
was not only competent, right, and proper, but
was clearly within the scope of his war powers
as Commander-in-Chiefof the nulitaryand naval
forces of the nation. But when these people, or
any portion of them, wish to organize a State
government, and be admitted as one of the Slates
of the Union, the consent of Congress is neces-
sary, and upon this point there seems to be no
difference of opinion. It is one of the features of
this bill to provide for such emergency.
But Congress has not the power to create State
governments for the people; St has the power ofrly
to admit {hem as States when organized by the
people. Congress, nevertheless, has the power
to prescribe the termsupon which such new {States
may be admitted, and to govern the territory.,$nd
the people until State governments are1 organized
and admitted fu^sueju It is another 6f^th£" feat-
ures of thif? bill to npeet this latter emergency. '
Such, then, are- my views of the status of-the
rebellious Slates, ana the power of the na(:iofcal
Government over the territory and people
which they were made up, deduced fro,m pclncl-
ple and authority. *
1 will not detain the House wjth any argument
to show the justice of-the retribution thusbroa$$tyt
upon those States by their crime, It.seems'iike
a waste of time to diseuss so self-evident a pr opo-
sition. ~  
So much, then, aa to the power of- the national
Government over the people and territory in-
volved in the rebellion. What isifeduly t§war$l
them for the good of the whole people and the
future peace and stability of the Government is
still another question.
In ordinary transactions in'life, when, we set
about remedying an evil, ourfirst stepisto search
for and destroy or renrjove its cause; or,-if, the
cause be already removed ordestroyed, then o,ur
efforts, if, wise, are directed toward- avoiding or
preventing its recurrence.
That'slaveryf.ife the cause of the present rebel-
lion no. sane man doubts; and.no man whose
judgment is not-warped by interestor trammeled
and tied down by old party bonds, and perverted
by old party dogmas, will deny or even cavil
about it. And it is equally clear to all-thinking
men whose minds are free to think correctly upon
this subject,that the insurgents will continue the
war upon thisGovernmentsolongas there remains
a vestige of the accursed institution to fight^for,
and they have an army left in the field.
Yes, sir, slavery has hung upon the nation like
an incubus ever since it has had an existence.
It is no part of the body-politic of the nation. It
is an excrescence upon it, a horrible disease that
has been festering upon its surface,enfevering the
entire system, until at last it has struck at the
very vitals of the'nation; and unless destroyed
and entirely removed-the body must die.
As in the animal economy, when any portion
of the body is so diseased that the functions of
life and growth are materially interfered with,So
in this. If there be sufficient vitality remaining,
there will be formed what the surgeons call aline
of demarkation between the diseased flesh andthe
healthy, and the former dies and sloughs off, and
the body is saved. And as in such casesthe skill-
ful surgeon watches.for this indication ofnati*re 
and when it appears, at once amputates the dis-
eased part, and thus aids nature in restoring the
body to health, so in this case the line of de-
markation formed, and by the breaking out Of
the rebellion it became clearly delineated upon
the body-politic. The diseased portion—slavery—
at once commenced to die and slyiigh off. The
President, like the skillful surgeon, although per-
haps a little tardy, applied the knife of emanci-
pation; but it remains for Congress to finish the
operation. Let us complete the work with a bold
hand and strong nerves, and at once and forever re-
move this poisonous ulcer,'this vile excrescence,
from the body of the nation, afid thus not only
save its life, but restore it to renewed health and
vigor. To aid in bringing about this result is
stiil another feature of this bill.
I have said that slavery constitutes no part of
the body-politic. Thatisso. It is no part of the
national Government. It is neither head, body,
limb, hand, nor foot, and constitutes none of its
vital functions. The Constitution and the Gov-
ernment are complete without it. What branch
of the Government cannot be conducted without
the existence of slavery ? What part of the mo-
tive power, what portion of the fundamental frame-
work or machinery of the Constitution do y,ou
remove or interfere with by destroying slavery?
The fundamental elements of the Constitutfpn
are those which establish the principles and policy
upon which the Government shall be conducted.
Slavery was not among the principles thus estab-
lished. Neither did it constitute any part of the
policy upon which the Government was to be con-
ducted. It existed before the Constitution, and
that instrument silently suffers its continuance.
