1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2989
\
tthe intelligence as a battle fought and a great
\victory won.
\ This constitutional amendment has passed the
Senate, long regarded as the citadel of the slave
power; how strange if it should fail in the popu-
lar branch of Congress! The people and the
States are eager and impatient to ratify it. Will
those whoclaim to represent the ancient Democ-
racy refuse to give the people an opportunity to
vote upon it? Is this your confidence in the loyal
masses ?
The passage of this resolution will strike the
rebellion at the heart. I appeal to border State
men and Democrats of the free States; look over
your country; see the bloody footsteps of slavery;
see the ruin and desolation which it has brought
upon our once happy land; and I ask, why stay
the hand now ready to strike down to death the
cause of all these evils ? Why seek to prolong the
life, to restore to vigor, the institution of slavery,
now needing but this last act to doom it to ever-
lasting death and damnation ?
Gentlemen may flatter themselves with a res-
toration ofthe slave power in thiscountry. " The
Union as it was 1" It is a dream, never again to
be realized. The America of the past is gone for-
ever. A new nation is to be born from the agony
through which the people are now passing. This
now nation is to be wholly free. Liberty, equality
before the law is to be the great corner-stone.
Much yet remains to be done to secure this.
Many a battle on the field has yet to be fought
and won against the mighty power which fights
for slavery, the barbarous system of the past.
Many a battle has yet to be won on the higher
sphere of moral conflict. While our gallant sol-
diers are subduing the rebels'in the field, let us
second their efforts by sweeping from the statute-
book every stay and prop and shield of human
slavery, the scourge of our country, and let us
crown all by incorporating into our organic law
the glorious prohibition of slavery. For myself,
I mean to fight this cause of the war, this cursed
cause of all the expenditure of blood and treas-
ure from which my country is now suffering, this
institution which has filled our whole land with
desolation, sorrow, and anguish; I mean to fight
it until neither on statute-book nor m Constitu-
tion shall there be left a single sentence or word
which can be construed to sanction the stupen-
* dous wrong.
Mr. Speaker, I thank God and a liberty-loving
constituency for the privilege of voting for this
constitutional amendment, for universal eman-
cipation throughout our country>.,--Let us now,
to-day, in the name of liberty, justice and ofGod,
consummate this grand revolution. Let us to-
j day make our country, our whole country, the
'• home of the free.
1 conclude, in the language of the President:
" So much good has not been done by one effoit in all
past time as m the providence of Got! it is now your hli,di
privilege to do. May the vast future not have to lament
that you have neglected it."'
Mr. liNGrERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, having very
recently taken a seat in this body, it was my in-
tention. to have contented myself with voting for
all such measures as I believed to be just and
expedient, and against such as I believed to be
unjust or inexpedient without taking part in the
discussion of such measures. Rut ill justice to
the liberty-loving and Union-loving men who
sent me here, and m justice to myself I ask the
indulgence of the House for the few minutes
which have been generously given me by my
friend, the honorable gentleman from California,
[Mr. Shannon,] out of his hour, in which to dis-
cuss the joiutresolution now undei consideration.
I have the pioud honor to represent a district
in which a very great majority of the people are
thoroughly and unalterably anti-slavery. They
are in favor of justice and against oppression and
wiong everywhere and in every f'oim. There
are two  rand objects for the accomplishment of
which they have already freely given of their
best blood and treasure, and stand ready to-day
to "ive much more of both, if necessary, for the
absolute and unconditional crushing out of this
most wicked and devastating rebellion, and for
the complete and utter extinction of human sla-
very the sole and fearful cause of the rebellion.
1 know full well if the lamented Lovejoy, my
honored and noble predecessor, could come to-day
from the unseen world and take his place among us,
his manly and eloquent voice would be heard in this
Hall, as in days past, with all the earnestness of
his great soul, pronouncing in favor of theadon-
tion of this resolution, in favor of universal lib-
erty and the rights of mankind. The cause of
liberty and equal and exact justice lost a noble
and heroic friend when he died, and the Union
cause and the country lost one of their best and
boldest champions. A grateful people hold him
in affectionate remembrance, and it is to be hoped
they may emulate his many virtues. He died in
the midst of his great and good work; but God,
in His infinite wisdom and goodness, did not suf-
fer him to depart until the abolition of slavery in
this country was approaching with rapid step the
grand and glorious day of its consummation.
And I say with all my heart, may Heaven speed
the day. Universal liberty was the child of his
heart, and he lived long enough to see thatdivine
child adopted as its own by the nation.
Sir, I hope this resolution may pass by the
necessary majority to give itvalidity. All truly
honest and philanthropic men throughout the
world will have reason to rejoice and will rejoice
if it so passes. It will be heralded over the world
as another grand step upward and onward in the
irresistible march of a christianized civilization.
The old starry banner of our country, as it "floats
over the sea and overthe land," will be grander
and more glorious than ever before. Its stars
will be brighter; it will be holier; it will mean
more than a mere nationality; it will mean uni-
versal liberty; it will mean that the rights of man-
kind, without regard to color or race, are respected
and protected. The oppressed and downtrodden
of all the world will take new courage; hope will
spring afresh in theirstrugglingand weary hearts;
and when they look upon that banner in distant
lands they will yearn to be here, where they can
enjoy the inestimable blessings which are denied
them forever on their native shores.
Mr. Speaker, it would seem that this resolu-
tion should be adopted by a unanimous vote.
Yet I fear we shall lose it. The slave power has
notyetlostall its influence in this Congress. The
pock-marks of slavery are plainly visible on the
faces of many ofthe members of the Opposition.
They were inoculated and corrupted by it in the
days of its wanton power. Its woeful and bane-
ful influence is upon them still. Slavery has been
their idol. They worshiped at its shrine in the
days of its power, and even now, when it is going
to an ignominious grave, they rally around and
protect and defend it in all its hideous ghastliness
as though it were really divine. We may admire
their pluck, but we must condemn their action,
their want of patriotism, their inappreciation of
liberty, and their entire lack of generous senti-
ments common to humanity. They are blinded
by prejudice. They are politically corrupt, un-
der an undue desire to regain that power which
they so ingloriously lost during the last Demo-
cratic administration, or, I should say, malad-
ministration. Being the slaves of the slave power,
wo cannot expect much of them until we have
made them free and hewn down their prejudices.
In my opinion many of the Opposition mem-
bers would vote for this resolution if they could
be convinced that'slaveiy could no longer be
made available to them as a political power. But
they know it as certain as fate that if slavery goes
down the present Democratic organization goes
down with it. Hence their herculean efforts to
save slavery; but they cannot succeed in their
unholy and detestable work. The liberty-loving
and loyal people of this country have sworn in
their hearts that the rebellion anil slavery shall
both go down, and forever. And they will keep
that oath. When we have succeeded in burying
the rebellion and slavery, if we could only petrify
the pro-slavery Democracy, what a becoming and
fitting tombstone it would make to mark the place
of their burial.
There can be no objection on legal grounds to
amend the Constitution in the precise manner
nointed out by thatinstrument liself. Article five
of the Constitution piovides for its own amend-
ment as follows:
£.' yrt 5. The Collin':1:-'; whenever two thirds of both
IIou,es Ll.all deem it m ecary, shall propose amendments
to this Constitution, or, on the application ottlicLcgii-Iaturi-a
of two thirds ol the seveial State*, shall call a convention
loi pmnuuiiig amendments, winch, in cither case,shall hi
valid to all intents and pin poses, as part ot this l.onstitu-
tion. when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths ot the
several States, or by conventions in tfrrep fourths thereof,
as the one or (lie other mode of ratification may be pro-
posed by the Congress; provided, that no amendment which
may be made prior to tile year 180b sliail in any manner
affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section oflije
first article ; and that no State, without Its consent shall
be deprived of its equal suffrage in tile Senate."
It is plain to be seen, then, that this resolution
contemplates no violation of the Constitution.
Then why this objection to adopting it and sub-
mitting the proposed amendment to the Legisla-
tures of tlfe several States not in rebellion ? Are
you of the Opposition afraid to trust the repre-
sentatives of the people? In reality I believe you
are. You fear, and have good cause to fear, that
the necessary majority of States will ratify the
proposed amendment, and make it thereby a part
of the Constitution. Then slavery will no longer
need defenders and protectors in our national Con-
gress. "Othello's occupation" will be gone in-
deed. You will go hungry for place and office,
and slavery can no longer gratify your unholy
ambition. But the people will rejoice, the friends
of freedom everywhere will rejoice, and our coun-
try will be infinitely more prosperous, more glo-
rious, and grander than ever before.
But the Opposition object to the adoption of
this resolution at the present time, because they
say Mississippi, South Carolina, and other States
in rebellion can have no voice upon the question
of its ratification. Is this a good objection? I
answer not.- Why is it that Mississippi and
South Carolina can have no voice upon this ques-
tion ? It is because they voluntarily entered into
this rebellion. Had they not done so they would
have had equal right and enjoyed equal privilege
with Illinois upon this question. Are we, because
a portion of the States inaugurated and still carry
on this rebellion, to suspend all legislative action
which might affect things or institutions in such
States? I say not. Let those who inaugurate and
carry on the rebellion take the consequences. We
are responsible to the Constitution and the loyal
people, not to the disloyal and rebels. It is truly
said that at almost any time it is well to do right.
It is well to eradicate an evil. That slavery is
an evil no sane, honest man will deny. It has
been the great curse of this country from its in-
fancy to the present hour. And now that the
States in rebellion have given the loyal States the
opportunity to take off that curse, to wipe away
the foul stain, I say let it be done. We owe it
to ouiselves; we owe it to posterity; we owe it
to the slaves themselves to exterminate slavery
in this country forever by the adoption of the
proposed amendment to the Constitution. If we
fail to do it, now that we have the power, not only
will our constituents but posterity and humanity
hold us responsible, and remember us only to
condemn.
I hold that slavery and rebellion are so closery
allied that any act, legislative or military, which
cripples the one tends to destroy the other. ^ If
slavery could be abolished to-day the rebellion
would end to-morrow. If the rebellion could be
put down to-day slavery would go down to-mor-
row. So that in my opinion any act that we can do,
which is lawful in itself, to weaken slavery, if we
should fail to tlo it, we would be criminally cul-
pable.
I believe slavery is the mother of this rebellion,
that this rebellion can be attributed to no other
cause but slavery; from that it derived its life
and gathers its strength to-day. Destroy the
mother, and the child will die. Destroy the
cause, and the effect will disappear. Slavery has
ever been the enemy of liberal principles. It has
ever been the friend of ignorance, prejudice, and
all the unlawful, savage, and detestable passions
which proceed therefrom. It has ever been dom-
ineering arrogant, exacting, and overbearing, it
has claimed to be a polished aristocrat, when in
reality it, has only been a coarsc, swaggering, and
brutal boor. It has ever claimed to be a gentle-
man, when in reality it has ever been a villain.
I think it is high time to clip its overgrown pre-
tensions, strip it of its mask, and expose it in all
its hideous deformity to the detestation of all
honest and patriotic men.
For eighty years the bogus aristocracy ot sla-
very have left nothing undone to corrupt and de-
moralize the people and their Representatives.
For eiffhty years they have attempted to ciotho
this monster in the radiance of divinity .when in
reality it should only be draped tn the blackness
