:20X4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Simply, that and nothing more. This being the
case,how can it be said that we cannot have " the
Constitution as it is" unless slavery is reestab-
lished, or at least permitted, in all the territory in
which it formerly existed?
That, slavery exists, by virtue of State laws
alone, is a proposition-which.cannot be, and I
believe is not,controverted. Therefore, when
those laws cease, no matter by what means, the
shackles of the slave fall from, his limbs and he
is a free man, and-that without,and, if you please,
in spite of presidential proclamations, and with-
out any legislative or constitutional enactments
whatsoever. _
As I have before shown, the constitutions and
laws of the States in rebellion have ceased to ex-
ist, ^ind the people are remitted to their original
right to organize new State governments under
the Constitution and laws of the Union. As one
of the, results of this state of things, slavery has
-ceased to .exist. Theonly objected purpose to
be effected now by congressional enactment and
constitutional amendment is to prohibit its re-
establishment forever; and while we are about
-it, let the prohibition be universal throughout the
entire length and breadth of the national bound-
aries.
That it is the duty of the Government to do
^this has ^eco^uc too well established to even ad-
mit of argument. It has be<m adjudicated, and
determined by the verdict anifc'j<udgmcnt of the
people. It is right in and of itself. It is just, and
the people demand that it shall be done, if tins
Congress does not take the initiative, the next
will be composed of men who will* The people
are awake to this subject and understand its
merits. They are moving, and i\\ the right di-
rection! ,and almost unanimously in the same
direction, that of right, of justice, and of humanity.
. True, there still exists a remnant of a once
powerful party, but now weak and insignificant
}an numbers, which from interest or blind parly
prejudice, or both, still clings to the failing foi-
tnnos,.and tottering form of slavery, und seems
determined to u sink or swim, survive or perish"
with it. And notwithstanding Lhat the vanishing
demon, proud andself-sufficient even in the very
jaws of deuth, derides their sycophantic fidelity,
while it accepts the fruits of their cooperation,
yet, withal! the tenacity (but none of the punty)
of the love and fidelity of Ruth toward her moth-
. er-iu-law, upon bonded knees and with out-
streched arms they beseech their once powerful
protector as Ruth besought Naomi:
"Entre-u me not to leave thee, or to jeturn linm follow
ing aUer lliee; foi whulim ilioufloest, f wIIIro; and wheie
thou lodgus!., i will Jodgnj thy people shall he my people,
and tliy <iod my win-re tliou dleM, will ! die, and
there will 1 he bin led : the Lord do so to me, and tnoieaKn,
if aujjht but death part thee and me."
Sir, in lespeet to slavery and the slave power,
we are in th<3 midst of revolution'. This proposed
legislation and this discussion me because we art-
involved in revolution, und are themselves parts
of it. In reaper i to slavery, it is not change merely
that is taking place, it is radical substitution; and
of what? Of freedom for slavery; and why?
Beeause slavei y proved itself inimical to civil lib-
erty, to the Constitution, and to republican insti-
tutions.
The slave power, not content with the enslave-
ment of its immediate victims, insisted upon and
for a long seiies uf years was conceded the con-
trol of the Government, and the enslavement in
fact of all its energies, ifs power, its wealth and
its emoluments. At. len^iii, through congressional
enactments controlled by its interests, and sub-
sidized judicial decisions in furtherance of i(^pur-
poses, Us encroachments became intolerable; and
a cry went up fiom the great body of the people
of the five States, and from many in the slave
States, against the aggressions of the slave power,
and demanded that it should confine itself to its
own particular domicile, and not stretch its aims
over the entire nation, and attempt to control the
'liberties of the entire people, it was the voice of
Liberty, demanding ot this modern Pharaoh to
ts let the people go." But, like its ancient proto-
type, its heart was hardened, and it refused. At
length the people arose in their might and asset ted
their right under the Constitution to rule, und
said to the slave power, " Henceforth this Gov-
ernment shall be in truth what it ism form,a Gov-
ernment by the people, and you may exist forever,
if you will, where you are, but no further shall
you go."
Then the slave power rebelled, and, like the
ancient Egyptians, sought to destroy the nation
it could no longer enslave. Fora time weseemed
to be drifting about, we scarcely knew whither.
But the pillar of cloud by day and of fire by night
kept us on our way. Slavery, however, lay before
us, stretched out across our pathway, and, like the
Red sea before the ancient Israelites, seemed an
impassable barrier to our further progress, while
the hosts of the enemy were threatening death
and destruction in our rear.
At length the President of the United States,
in obedience to a Power mightier than he, like
Mpses of old  stretched out his hand over the sea,
and a strong east, and a north and a west wind
as w^U, blew, and caused the sea to go back and
the waters to be divided, and we went into the
midst of the sea upon dry ground; and now those
dark waters of slavery that seemed an impassable
barrier to us have become a wall of protection unto
us, on our right hand and on our left.
The hosts of rebeldom, impelled by the same
unseen power, are still pursuing, even into the
midst of the sea, where certain destruction awaits
them. Already are they troubled. Their chariot
wheels are taken off that they drive them-heav-
ily. Soon the wateis will come again—ay, ate
coming now in the form of a hundred thousand
armed men that once were their slaves—upon
them, upon their chariots, and upon their horse-
men, and all the hosts of the rebellion that shall
have come into the midst of the sea after us, to-
gether with all those that voluntarily adhere to
them, will be ingulfed by the closing waters and
utterly destroyed, and there shall not remain so
much as one of them! And this people shall walk
upon diy land,and emerge into renewed national
life and vigor, holding an unbroken Union in the
one hand, and in the other liberty undefiled and
unadulterated, libeity without contradictions, lib-
erty regulated by law, liberty that makes a people
free indeed.
Mr. DONNELLY obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, who moved
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agiced to.
The House accoidiugly (at ten o'clock and fifty
minutes, p. m.,) adjourned until Monday morning.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 2, 180 i.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Swi>ekland.
The Joui nal of Saturday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MKM01UAL9.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 present the petition of Com-
manders James F. Armstrong, W illiam Roncken-
doiff, G. II. Cooper, and Lieutenant Commanders
MeCauley, Potter, McDougal, Temple, Chand-
ler, and a gieat many other officers of the Navy,
who rcpiesent that for more than twenty yeais
the* number of commaudns in the Navy was
ninety-seven and that of captains sixty-five, the
vessels of our Navy then numbering Jess than
one hundied, and these'officers were not deemed
too many for the exigencies of the set vice*, and
yet at a time when the Navy is being enlarged
three-fold in men and ships and subordinate offi-
cers, the grade of commander was reduced to
seventy-two and that of captain to thirty-six. The
result has been to stop promotion among com-
manders and lieutenant commanders. They say
that while the duties and responsibilities of these
grades are considerably increased, they are im-
posed on officers of inferior rank; that is to say,
it is required of lieutenant commanders to fill the
place of commanders and of commanders that of
captains. They represent that we have lieutenant
commanders in some instances commanding fiig-
ates and serving as fleet captains to large squad-
rons and filling the duties of captains—their labors
alone and not their rank with its immunities at
all mcieased. The pay, too, of these grades was
at the same time materially reduced. Feelinga^-
gneved as the case now stands, they earnestly
beg thai these two guides of captain and com-
mander may be increased at leatvt to their old
figures, which would not increase the aggregate
expenses of the Navy, provided the lieutenant
commanders, now one hundred and forty-four in
number an<J found by experience to be excessive,
be reduced to the necessary limit, i move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, , .
The.motion, was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest-to the honorable
Senator that some instruction should go with that
petition to the committee.
Mi. GRIMES. I trust there will be no neces-
sity for any instruction on the subject. Let it be
simply referred to the committee withoutinstruc-
tions. It is not usual, I believe, to accompany
the reference of a petition with instructions.
Mr, CONNESS. I was going to suggest that
the committee be directed to report at an early
day. 1 think that is entirely in order and usual;
and I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The petition
has already gone to the committee.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Livingston county, Michigan, praying for an
increase of the duty on imported wool to at least
fifteen cents per pound; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of men and
women of Belgrade, Maine, praying for the ab-
olition of slavery, and such an amendment of the
Constitution as will forever prohibit its existence
in the United Slates; which was referred to the se-
lect committee on slavery and freed men.
Mr. CONNESS presented a telegraphic dis-
patch to him, from citizens of San Francisco,
California, in lelation to an extension of the time
for payment of duty on goods in bond; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of James W. Nye
and other ten itorial officers and citizens of the Ter-
ritory of Nevada, praying for such amendments to
the act authorizing the people of that Territory to
forma constitution and State government as will
change the time of voting on the question of adopt-
ing such constitution fiom the second Tuesday in
October to the first Wednesday of September ot
the present year, the day of the general election
in that Territory, and that so much of said act as
inhibits the taxmgof lands until three yeais after
sale by the Government may be repealed; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pio tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the Piesident of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 27ih ultimo, information in
regard to the condition of affairs in the Territory
of Nevada; which, on motion of Mr. Wilkin-
son, was referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries, and ordered to be printed.
RKrOUTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, fioiu the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Isaac
Rcede, a soldiei in the war of 1812, praying for
a pension, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was lefened the petition of Helen M. Stansbury,
widow of Majoi Howard Stansbury, of the corps
of topographical engineers of the United States
Army,.praying for a pension, submitted an ad-
verse repoit; which was ordeied to be printed.
He also, liom the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Jane AJ. Mc-
Crabb, widow of Captain John W. McCrabh,
praying for arrears of pension, submitted an ad-
verse repoit thereon; which was ordered to be
piinted.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Alfred
A. Belknap, a paymaster m the United States
Navy, praying to be relieved from all responsi-
bility for a certain sum of money belonging to the
United States which was stolen from him in the
city of New York in April, 1863, have directed
me to make a written repoit asking to be relieved
from the further consideration of the petition for
the present. I move that the leport be printed.
The report was agreed to, and oidered to be
printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affans, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
2^5) foi the reiief of certain fiiendly Indians of
the Sioux nation in Minnesota, reported it with
amendments.
