2990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
of its own enormity. In order to maintain their
power they had so molded public opinion, even
in the grand free States of the North, that many
honest but deluded men were willing to concede
that slavery, if not divine, was not so bad an in-
stitution after all, that" the devil was not so black
as he is painted." The North, against its sense
of justice and right, for the sake of peace and
union, has, time and time again, humiliated itself
in its own and the eyes of the world by conced-
ing to the unhallowed and ambitious demands of
slavery.
At the formation of our Constitution slavery
demanded that a section should be incorporated
therein restraining Congress from passing a law
prohibiting the importation of negroes prior to
the year 1808. The North, in violation of its
sense of honor, got down upon its knees and
consented thatitshould be " wiitten in the bond,"
thereby conceding the right to this bogus aristoc-
racy to freight its ships with human beings stolen
from their native land and consigned to an igno-
minious slavery only equaled by its savage cru-
elty.
Again, in 1793, they demanded a fugitive slave
law; that is to say, that free northern men should
be their blood-hounds. TheNorth again assent-
ed, and went into the blood-hound business. In
1850 they again demanded more and fiercer blood-
hounds. TheNorth, true to its instinctsof peace
and union, but false to its honor, agreed that the
blood-hounds should be forthcoming. Forone—
and I am happy to say that I am not alone—lam
tired of this blood-hound business, and voted on
Monday last to abolish it. The Opposition are in
favor of its continuance: I am for this amendment
to the Constitution, in ordef to take from thf.se ad-
herents of the slave power the ignominy and deg-
radation consequent upon so base an occupation.
Again, in 1820, thesame relentless monster de-
manded ofthe North more territory for the uses of
slavery. The North again got upon its knees and
admitted Missouri with a slave constitution, arid
again suffered the mortification of self-degradation.
Again, in 1854, they demanded the repeal of
the Missouri compromise line. Again, in noith-
ern men, whom they had demoralized and cor-
rupted by the contaminating influence ofslavery,
united to a coiresponding lust for office, they
found the willing tools wherewith to consummate
this treachery. Liberty received a blow in the
face, and slavery was taken by the hand.
Again, in ]857 the slave power brought all its
energies to bear to convert this territory, which
had been thrown open to it by the repeal of the
Missouri compromise line, into a slave State. To
the everlasting infamy of James Buchanan's Ad-
ministration be it said, with a few honorable ex-
ceptions, it lentthe whole force and power of its
authority to the accomplishment of this foul crime.
But, thank God, the people ofthe North at last had
become aroused, and they determined that slavery
should no longer be the master of liberty. They
felt it in their hearts, they expressed it with their
lips, that they would no longer be the tools of
slavery, or the indifferent spectators of its en-
croachments. They declared thatKansas should
be free. The slave powerswore itshould be slave;
and then and there this war commenced which is
now deluging this land with blood. After along
and not a bloodless struggle justice and freedom
triumphed, and Kansas to-day is a beaming star
of liberty in the western horizon. The South saw
in this triumph the ultimate overthrow of their
most cherished institution. They became alarmed,
and felt and knew that if the people of the North
were unwilling to submit to further degradation
thereafter they mustdepend on themselves for the
protection ot slavery, as their northern friends
were powerless to stem the tide which was rising
and swelling toward universal liberty.
So, in 18G0, at the Chaileston convention they
demanded that additional guarantees for slavery
be incorpoiated in the platform of the Democratic
party. The northern Democracy saw at once that
to yield to them on this point was certain defeat.
The South repudiated Douglas in thatconvention
for the reason that they did not believe him sound
on the siaveiy question. As an evidence of his
unsoundness they pointed to his Freeportspeech,
made in 1858, in joint debate with President Lin-
coln. In this speech he enunciated the doctrine
thatTerritonal Legislatures possessed the power
to exclude slavery fiom the Territories by " un-
friendly legislation." This was anything but
orthodox in their view. Another objection to
Senator Douglas was that he had been opposed
to the Lecompton-Kansas constitution. Conse-
quently Douglas was thrown overboard. They
demanded that slavery should be recognized as a
national institution, and that Congress should
protect it in the Territories by affirmative legisla-
tion. The northern Democracy positively refused
to accede to this. The consequence was that the
southern Democracy seceded,and nominated their
own candidate, upon their own platform, thereby
breaking up the Democratic party and depriving
it of all hope of success in the then approaching
presidential campaign. Who can say but that
the northern wing of the Democratic party is re-
sponsible for this war? for had the northern De-
mocracy been willing to concede at that conven-
tion to the demands of the South, and accept a
platform agreeable to it, the nominee of that con-
vention would have been elected President, and
this "cruel and bloody war," as the Opposition
delight to call it, would have been avoided, or, at
any rate, postponed. Let the responsibility rest
where it legitimately belongs. It is dishonorable
in any man to say that the Republican party is
lesponsible for this war, when, as I have shown,
it perhaps might have been avoided had the north-
ern Democracy been willing to have covered them-
selves with a thicker coating of degradation than
they had .ever before worn, and sacrificed their
dignity and manhood to the behests of slavery.
I am well aware that the Opposition persist-
ently charge that the abolitionists are responsible
for the war and are the authors of the war. This
charge is as false as is the assertion that slavery
is divine. Had there been no slavery in this
country there never would have been an abolition-
ist or an agitator; the inhuman and barbarous
system of slavery created the abolitionist and the
agitator. In this instance the evil produced the
good—the wrong the right; and the good andthe
right must prevail. Slavery has piled up the
mountain which will fall upon it and crush it to
dust. Slavery alone is the cause of the war, and
he who attributes this war to any other cause
than slavery is wide of the mark. The man who
to-day, after three years of war and desolation,
would raise even a straw to shield or protect sla-
very, deserves, and at no very distant day will
receive, the merited condemnation of a united,
happy, prosperous, and liberty-loving people.
It is a humiliating and saddening spectacle to
witness how persistently and unrelentingly the
Opposition pursue our most worthy President,
and with what vehemence they denounce his war
policy, if such policy m their opinion tends in the
least to interfere with the institution of. slavery.
If, under the war power ofthe Administration,a
lebel sympathizer, who disgraces the soil of Illi-
nois, is arrested and imprisoned, if a disloyal
paper is suppressed, they at once set up a tre-
mendous howl about personal liberty and the
freedom of the press, if an attempt is made .to
expel or censure a member of Congress for utter-
ing disloyal sentiments, another distressing howl
goes up in protestation against the Administra-
tion. Their denunciation is all against Lincoln.
They utter none against Davis. Our soldiers may
be starved in Libby prison; they may be butcii-
eied in cold blood, as at Fort Piilow and else-
where; Union men all through the South may be
indiscriminately plundered and then dragged to
the gallows, and they have no voice to raise
against it or denounce it. The reason of this is
obvious. They care more to regain political
power than for the triumph of liberty and justice.
The eloquent and scholarly Sumner may be |
knocked down in the United States Senate by a \
southern ruffian and blackguard: northern dough- j
faces say, " Served him right." xYGiddmgs and J
an Adams may be censured in the House of1
Representatives because they have the manhood :
to raise their voices m behalf of liberty and jus- j
ticc: northern doughfaces cry outagain, " Served j
them light." The incorruptible Parker, Cod- t
ding, and Garrison maybe mobbed, stoned, and !
imprisoned, for daring to give utterance to the1
sublime and eternal punciplcs of truth, and lib- ]
orty, and justice, and these same northern dough- i
faces rise up and ciy out, "Served them right." '
A northern man imbued with the spirit of liberty !
may, within the limits of a slave State, have j
the effrontery to raise his voice against oppres- j
sion,and say," Your system ofslavery is wrong,
and you ought to abolish it:" a coat of tar and
feathers or the halter may be administered as a
corrective of such heretical expressions, and the
northern doughfaces again cry out, " Served him
right." A. minister ofthe gospel may find it to
be his duty to say to his people, " ft is right
that you should do unto others as you would they
should do unto you;" that you ought to let the
bondman go free; and lie is immediately de-
nounced as an abolition agitator, and the var-
nished hypocrites of his church cali upon him
at once and say they cannot tolerate the expres-
sion of such opinions in the pulpit, as they are
calculated to irritate the South, and he must stop
them or they will withdraw their support. Con-
sequently the poor, good preacher must close his
lips to such divine and heaven-born truths or
starve, and this, too, in a free State; and again the
northern doughfaces say, " Served him right."
To crown all this record of infamy, the martyr,
Elijah P. Lovejoy, is mobbed and murdered on
the free, broad prairies of Illinois, simply for
the crime of publishing a paper dedicated to the
advocacy of the rights of mankind; and again
these northern doughfaces cry out, "Away with
him," "Served him right." O liberty! where
is thy power? 0 justice! where is thy strength?
But thank God, that day is gone, and gone for-
ever. Let us take courage; the world is better;
their sufferings and their trials were not in vain;
liberty is stronger; justice is surer; and the idols
of oppression, ignorance, and prejudice, which
have been worshiped so long, are crumbling to
dust. And so the good work goes bravely on.
It is as irresistible as the avalanche and as grand
as the Alps.
Sir,I am in favorin the fullest/sense of personal
liberty. I am in favor of the freedom of speech.
The freedom of speech that I am in favor of is the
freedom which guaranties to the citizen of Illi-
nois, in common with the citizen of Massachu-
setts, the right to proclaim the eternal principles
of liberty, truth, and justice in Mobile, Savan-
nah, or Charleston with the same freedom and
security as though he were standingat the foot of
Bunker Hill monument; and if this proposed
amendment to the Constitution is adopted and
ratified, the day is not far distant when this glo-
rious privilege will be accorded to every citizen
of the Republic. I am in favor ofthe adoption of
this amendment because it will secure to the op-
pressed slave his natural and God-given rights.
I believe that the black man has certain inaliena-
ble rights, which are a3 sacred in the sight of
Heaven as those of any other race. I believe he
has a right to live, and live in a state of freedom.
He has a right to breathe the free air and enjoy
God's free sunshine. He has a right to till the
soil, to earn his bread by the sweat of his biow,
and enjoy the rewards of his own labor. He has
a right to the endearments and enjoyment of fam-
ily ties; and no white man has any right to rob
him oforinfiinge upon any of these blessings.
lam in favor of the adoption of this amendment
to the Constitution for the sake ofthe seven mil-
lions of poor white people who live in the slave
States but who have ever been deprived of the
blessings of manhood by reason of this thrice-
accursed institution of slavery. Slavery has kept
them in ignorance, in poverty, and in degradation.
Abolish sUvcry, and school-houses will rise upon
the ruins of the slave mart, intelligence will take
the place of ignorance, wealth of poverty, and
honor of degradation; industry will go hand in
hand with virtue,and prosperity with happiness,
and a disinthralled and regenerated people will rise
up and bless you and be an honor to the American
Republic.
Slavery has shed every drop of blood which
has been spilled in this war. It has filled thou-
sands of giaves with our heroic dead. It has
filled our hospitals with our shattered heroes. It
has swept American commerce from the ocean.
It has carried desolation and mourning to the
hearthstones of our northern homes from Maine
to California; consequently I am the unyielding
and persistent enemy of slavery and the earnest
supporter of any and all lawful measures for its
speedy and effectual extinction. It is this demon
of slavery which has called from their happy
homes in Illinois one hundred and seventy-five
thousand of her sons as brave and heroic us ever
thesunshone upon. Donclson,Shiloh, Arkansas
