1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1039
The importance of making a means of commu-
nication between the Mississippi and the lakes, by
which that Navy may be made available, if neces-
sity should require it, upon the lakes, and render-
ing unnecessary the expenditure of $100,000,000 j
to fit out a navy upon the lakes, is a most im-
portant consideration in favor of the passage of
this bill.
It was objected, when this bill was under con-
sideration before, that it is no time, in the midst of
this war, to make so large an expenditure as will
be required to complete this canal, and I doubt not
that that consideration, connected with the con-
dition of the Treasury and connected with the
condition of the country, was the reason why this
measure did not receive the sanction of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress.
To obviate that objection the bill now before
the House has been amended to meet the two
principal objections. One was that it was stated
that although this canal had been surveyed by
the best and most distinguished engineers of the
country, yet that it would cost more than the es-
timate which they had made. To obviate that
objection a provision has been embodied in this
bill that if the work shall, in point of fact, cost
more than the estimate, the State of Illinois shall
supply the deficiency, and that no bonds shall be
issued for the purpose ofthe construction of this
work until the State of Illinois shall have under-
taken, in the event of its costing more, to pay the
deficiency.
There is another provision in this bill of the great-
est importance, one which, it seems to me, re-
lieves it of the main objection which has been
urged to its passage, and it will be found in the
last section of the bill. I ask the Clerk to read
the last section ofthe bill; and I ask the attention
of the House to its phraseology.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the bonds here-
inbefore mentioned for thp enlargement ofthe Illinois and
Michigan canal, and improvement of the Pes Plaines and
Illinois river, shall be delivered upon the condition that the
State of Illinois shall pay the excess, if any, which said im-
prowmenlsmay cost over and above the sum ot $13,346,824.
Sanl IidikN bliall he issued and delivered only so fastasthe
animal mterestshallbepaid by the receipts from said canal.
Mr. ARNOLD. I call the attention of the
House to the latter clause of the section, which
provides that the bonds shall be issued and de-
livered only so fast as the annual interest shall
be paid by the receipts from said canal, so that
in point of fact nothing is to be taken from the
Treasury for the purpose of the construction of
this great work. The Government merely loans
its credit for the purpose of opening this great
communication between the East and the West.
The inquiry may be made here, how is it pos-
sible that this can be done? I will explain it in
one word. It will be seen that the revenue de-
rived from this canal will pay the cost of the en-
largement, and that there will be no delay or em-
barrassment from embodying that provision in
the bill. The revenues derived from the canal in
its present position are $250,000 per annum.
Those revenues are derived mainly from the local
trade and traffic in the State of Illinois. In con-
sequence of the condition of the navigation of the
Illinois and Des Plaines rivers, the great burden
of the Mississippi trade comes across by the
canal, excepting for a short period of the year.
The estimate of the engineers is that to improve
the Illinois river to within thirty-five miles of
Lake Michigan, so that you will have the means
of running the largest steamboats to within thirty-
five miles of Lake Michigan, will cost only
§1,600,000. You will bring the Mississippi river,
with all its commerce and all its trade and all
its vast interests, to within thirty-five miles of
Lake Michigan by an expenditure of §1,600,000.
The engineers propose that that shall be the first
portion of the improvement undertaken. It will
readily be seen that the §1,600,000 will be paid
by the tolls derived from the presentcanal. When
that improvement shall be completed, you will
have communication between the Mississippi and
Lake Michigan, and will raise your tolls, notfrom j
the trade, traffic,and products of Illinois alone, but !
you will derive them from the intermingling of
all the vast trade of the Mississippi and of the
lakes. Hence the engineers estimate, and with
perfect reliability, that the tolls derived from this
work will keep up with the expenditures, so that
it will never be necessary to draw a single dollar
from the Treasury of the United States to be ex-
pended upon this work.
If I am right in this—and I think it can be dem-
onstrated by investigation—how does the question
present itself to the consideration of the House
and ofthe country ? Simply thus: WilltheGov-
ernment to-day lend its credit for the purpose of
opening this communication that will bring to-
gether the Mississippi, with its twenty thousand
miles of navigable waters, and the great inland
seas of the North and Northwest?
I do not propose on this occasion to go into
any extended remarks on the advantages, mili-
tary, commercial, and civil, to result from the car-
rying out of this measure. I desire simply to ask
the House whether it is treating this great ques-
tion with the respect to which it is entitled, to re-
ject the bill in its present stage? I ask gentlemen
of candor on each side of the House—whether or
not they intend to vote for this bill—to give to its
friends a fair hearing before the House and before
the country. I ask them not to vote it down on
the first reading, but to let the bill be postponed;
as I propose, if the motion to figject the bill do
not pre vail, to move to postpone it to a day certain,
so that there maybe full investigation,so that all
that its friends can advance in its favor " may be
fully he%rd, so that the objections that may be.
made to it may be answeied if they are suscepti-
ble of being answered, and so that the amend-
ments that may be offered may be fully consid-
ered. I think that in asking that I am notasking
anything unreasonable. I appeal to the courtesy
and consideration of the House to give to the bill
the position in which it can be fairly considered
before the country.
Mr. NORTON. I do not propose, Mr. Speaker,
to discuss the merits of this bill this morning.
Whenever the bill shall come up on its passage
I may have something to say upon it. I was not
aware that the committee intended reporting it
this morning, and therefore I had no expectation
of participating in anydebate on the subject at
present.
I wish now only to appeal to the House that
the ordinary course may be taken with this bill
that is taken with all bills of the magnitude that
this bill is confessed to be, both by friend and foe.
We do not wish to force it to a vote on its pas-
sage ot this time. Nor do we wish to have a test
vote on its merits on a mere motion to reject it
at this stage. We appeal to the courtesy of the
House that the objection to the reading of the bill
at the present time may be withdrawn, that the
bill may be read a second time, and then post-
poned to a day certain, when it can be fairly heai d,
faiily argued, fairly discussed, fairly examined;
in short, that the matter may be disposed of pre-
cisely in such a way as a bill of this magnitude
deserves.
Sir, without going into any argument upon the
merits of this measure, without discussing at all
the details of the bill, I may be allowed to say
that it is the great measure which my people have
most at heart. It is the great measure of my
State. It is one in which men of all parties agree
mall sections of the State. It is one in which, as all
around me know, I feel the profoundest interest.
I regard the bill as one of the most important to
the military and naval defenses of the country,
one of the most important to the commercial in-
terests of the great Northwest, that has been oris
likely to be presented to this House. Isitpioper,
is it right, is it courteous to strangle a bill of thi3
character without a hearing, without an examina-
tion, without any proper discussion of its merits,
on a motion of this kind' It seems to me, sir,
that the request is only fair and honorable. It is
no more than we have a right to demand in the
name of that noble State whose sons have added
luster to the American name on almost every bat-
tie-field of this dreadful war.
I hope the House will allow the bill to be read
a second time now, and that then my colleague
will make his motion for postponement to a day
certain. Then every member who wishes to dis-
cuss it, or to offer amendments, will have an op-
portunity of doing so; and then the bill can be
voted up or voted down after a full and fair hearing.
The bill has been heretofore opposed by gen-
tlemen because we are in war times; because, as
they have asserted, it may involve the countiy in
a great expenditure of money, and all that. A
reference to one or two sections of the bill, to
which my colleague [Mr. Arnold] has already
briefly alluded, will, it seems to.me, settle all that;
In the first place, sir, the estimates made by the
most competent and reliable are something like
thirteen million dollars for the whole work. This
bill proposes that if it cost any more than that, if
a single dollar is expended beyond the estimate®,
the State of Illinois shall pay the balance. This,
sir, must be a complete and conclusive answer to
that objection. In addition to this fact, gentlemen
will bear in mind that the State of Illinois is to
surrender, without compensation, to the United
States her great canal nowin successful operation',
on which she has already expended many mil-
lionsof dollars. In the next place, sir, the bill pro-
vides that not a single dollar shall be paid out of
the Treasury of the United States on this work,
nor shall the United States become responsible in
any manner for it except so far or so fast as the
tolls of the canal and of the river shall, for the
time being, pay the interest on the bonds which
the Government is asked to issue.
How, I ask, can the country be involved in.a
vast expenditure by this bill ? These three points
cover the whole ground of opposition, in the
first place, if the work cost any more than the es-
timates submitted to Congress show, the Slate of
Illinois is to pay the difference herself. Secondly,
the State of Illinois surrenders unconditionally
and at once her greatcanal,one ofthe finest in the
country, with all its revenues, to the Government
of the United States. Thirdly, the Government
is not called upon to advance a dollar in money
from the beginning to the end of the work. She
is only asked to issue her bonds from time to time
as the work progresses, in such quantities and in
such amounts only as the tolls and revenues aris-
ing from the improvement will fully meet the in-
terest on. Every dollar of revenue arising fiom
the presentcanal and from the improYementpasses
into the Treasury of the United States for the pur-
pose of paying interest on the bonds. We sur-
render the canal with all its revenues absolutely
to the Government,and we onlyask the Govern-
ment to lend us its credit to carry on the work,
giving it ample security such as any capitalist in
the country would be glad to take.
Sir, will gentlemen tell me how, under a bill
like this, guarded as this is, it is possible for the
Government to become involved many extrava-
gant expenditures? Is it not plain that the Gov-
ernment is protected and guarded against every-
thing of the kind ?
Now, sir, I do not propose to go further into the
discussion of the merits of this measure sX the
present time. All we ask for this great measure
is fair play, an open field, and a fair fight. In the
name ofthegreat and patriotic State which I have
the honor in part to represent on this floor, a
State which lias responded to every call of the
Government during this rebellion, both in men
and means, in the most gallant manner, I ask, I
demand that we shall have justice; that this bill,
involving as it does such vast interests, so import-
ant both to the military and naval arms of the
service, as well as to the commercial prosperity
of the great Northwest and of the whole country,
shall not be stricken down and strangled in its
inception, without a single word of discussion,
without investigation, and 'without any ffcur con-
sideration .
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman propose
to call the previous question upon the motion to
reject the bill? If he does I will ask him to yield
to me for five minutes.
Mr. ARNOLD. I do propose to ask the House
to vote upon the rejection of this bill, and I will
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania five
minutes of my time if he wishes to be heard.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall vote for the rejection
of the bill, whatever may be its merits, on account
of the way in which it comes before the House,
for I say it has not come here regularly. There
has already been a bill referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where
this matter can be fairly and fully discussed and
! decided upon,and which there is no dangerof not
reaching. After that bill was sent to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the gentleman from Illinois in his place, without
leaving the House, altered the bill and reported
it as a new bill, upon what we all saw to be no
meeting of the committee, and without any con-
sent of the committee iu a legitimate sense.
