1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
vmm
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
263) to grant one million acres of public lands for
the benefit of public schools in the District of Co-
lumbia; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He aiso asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No". 49) to provide additional ground for a cem-
etery at the Soldiers' Home; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I move the reference of this
resolution to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It will be remembered that Congress authorized
the President to procure grounds in and about
Washington in which to bury our deceased sol-
diers, and certain grounds were taken near the
Soldiers' Home. Six thousand soldiers are now
buried there, and additional lands are wanted.
The grounds adjoining should be taken if needed.
I understand there is some opposition to those
grounds being token, and the idea is to start a new
cemetery over the river. The spot where our sol-
diers are buued will be of intense interest to this
capital for ages to come. It i.s proposed to send
the deceased soldiers who may hereafter die over
the river to be buried. 1 hope that we shall have
but one but ying-ground near the capital for the
soldiers that may fall'or die in the war. I move
the reference of the resolution to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OJ? AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted an amendment
to the bill (H. R. No. 159) for a grant of lands
to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of a railroad in said State;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordeied to be printed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,' an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 29th of April, the following acts:
An act (6. No. 66) to increase the compensa-
tionof inspectoisof eustomsin certain ports; and
An act (S. No. Ibi) in refeience to donation
chums in Oregon and Washington.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 405) to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes; m which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the fiist,second,
third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and tenth amendments;
. and disagreed to the ninth amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House (No. 198) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1865; and it
had agreed to the seventh and eighth amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill, with amend-
ments, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate; aiso, that the House of Representa-
tives had made two amendments to the text of
the bill, m which amendments it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED DILLS SIGNED.
The message fuither announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following em oiled bills; which were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 47) for the relief of William
C. Walker and others;
A bill (H. R. No. 388) for the relief of Jesse
Williams; and r
A bill (H. R. No. 371) for the relief of the set-
tlers upon certain lands in California.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 198) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending (he 30th of June. 1865, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives, with the
Amendment of the House to the seventh and eighth
amendments of the Senate to the said bill, and the j
amendments of the House to the text of the bill-, j
and • . j
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was j
Orden-ed, That'they be referred to the Committee on Fi- !
nance. j
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
The bill (H. R. No. 405) to provide internal ]
revenue to supportthe Government, to pay inter- 1
est on the public debt, and'for other purposes,wa$
read twice by its-title, and referred to the Com- ;
pihtee on Finance.' ! 4-"' ' . 1 ; '
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to move that an
extra number of copies of that bill be printed for'
distribution. I do not know how many', but I
suppose the motion must go to the Committee on '
Printing. ' ; "
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It must go
there unless by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. '• *
Mr. WILSON. I think there will be unani-
mous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will move that one
thousand extra copies of the bill be printed for
the use of the Senate, and, if there be no objec-
tion, I will ask for action upon the motion now.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr- FESSENDEN. I move that these extra
numbers be printed in pamphlot form, as that will.
be the better form for distribution.
Mr. SHERMAN.' That will cost more, as the
type will have to be reset. , \
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am informed that that,
will add to the expense, and 1 withdraw the mo-
tion.
SOLDIERS7 HOME.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following resolu-
tion, which I desire to have considered in con-
nection with a joint resolution introduced by the
Senator from Massachusetts this morning:
Resolved, That the Committee on Miht.uy Affairs and
ItieiVIililia be instructed i<> inquire into the expediency of
coiitnimnfrthe rehef to soldiers, at the Soldiers' Home, in-
quiring into the maimer in which the funds for the said
institution have been managed, llie present condition of the
same, and also whether the benevolent puipokes' of the
Government in establishing the same might not be bettei
carried out by repealing the law, abandoning that mode of
relief, and substituting therefor pensions to thoi-e at pres-
ent by Jaw entitled to its benefits.
The resolution was "considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
1UGIITS OF COLOllED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to take up
a resolution that i offered on Saturday calling on
the Piesident for certain papers, which was ob-
jected to by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Powell.]
Mr. DAVIS. What is that resolution'?
Mr." SUMNER. A cull on the I'residcnt for
certain papers.
Mr. DAVIS. Let it be reported.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to tutnk-Ii to the Senate, if not incompatible with
the publ;e inteiests. a copy of any opinion by the Attor-
ney Genera! on the rights ot colored per&ons in the Army
or volunteer s>ci vice of the United States, together with the
accompanying papers.
The motion to take up the resolution for con-
sideration was agiced to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 wish to call attention to the
character of that opinion by reading two sen-
tences from it.
Mr. GRIMES. There is ho objection to the
resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course there will be no
objection to it; but I merely wish to call attention
to'the character of the opinion. It relates to a
question that has been much discussed in the
Senate during this session, and on which there
have been opposite opinions. Ceitaiu Senators
have alleged, on giounds of iaw and of Consti-
tution, that the colored soldiers had no rights to
equality in the Army or volunteer service of the
United States. We have now the opinion of the
Attorney General to this effect:
"J do not know that any rule of law, constitutional or
statute, ever ptohibued the acceptance, organisation, and
muster ot pet ^on- <~-f A in can descent into The military ser-
vice of the United {States enlisted men or voJuntoerr.."
And then, in another part of tins opinion, after
referring to the proviso regulating the pay ot sol-
diers of African descent, he says as follows: "
*< The act of which the piovifo la a pai t was not intendeds
in my opinion, sitfjpr to authorize -the employment" or to
fix the pay qf a.ny.personsqf Africa# d^c^titgxsept
who might be needed'to perform the KunaRIe offices qflaDor
and service Ibr Which ttiey might be found'competwirt.ft
I understand, that* this opinion:is accompanied
by certain papers, among others.^rnp^rtant
letter-from GovernorAnifrev?,"bfjS^ssadhusetts,
which ought to.be printed in con'riectfpp with the
opinion that the y/hole case may be falrjjr'upd^r-
stood. . , '' •"!; )"*
The'resolution was adopted. ' ^
• ItANCHO jBOLSA BE TOMALES. - \
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postptfneailprior
orders for the purpose of'taking up -Senatb bill
No. 216. It is a bill that "Will occupy But«very
little time. * It has been reported ftom the Cdm~
mittee on Public Lands. ' - - ■-<-i\
• Tho'motion was agreed to"; and* th'e bill (S. 'No.
216) to -grant the right-of preSmptroiVto Certain
settlers on the Rancho Bolsa'de'TontelesVitt^the
State of California,- was read thgt&t&rfd'uroe^taid
considered as-in Committee-of the Whole;1* It
provides that it shall be layrfulfor the Commis-
sioner of the General Lahd'Offiee to ca^se= the
lines of the public surveys to" be extended Softer
the tract of co«nt)*y known as the Htfnchd fi&sa
do To males, - in Marirt-county, G&lifo^wa,- 'the
claim to which,,by*J&mes DvK^albi'aHhjhasjbeen
adjudged invalid 'by theSupremS CourtoP the
United' States, and'to'have approved ptettsKhereof
duly returned'!'# th^proper-distric't land office;but
the actual $ofc% of'such survey1 and plattin^is'^rst
to be-paid into thesurveying fund-fcy settlers^Ac-
cording to the requirements-of-the tenth section
of the "act of Congress approved May 30;* 2663? to
reduce the expenses df the survey and- &ale of the
public lands in the United States.
After the return of such approved plats to the
district office, it is to-be lawful for individuals,
se'ttlers upon the Rancho BolsaJ tie Tom-ales, to
enter, according to the lines of the pubiicsurveys,
at $1 25 per acre, the land settled upon by them
to the extent to which the same had'been reduced
to possession at the time of the adjudication' of
the Supreme Court, joint entries being admissible
by conterminous proprietors, it> order-th&t Eheir
respective boundaries may be adjusted in accord-
ance with their several-possessioifsi > '
All-claims within the purview af this fecC fere to
be presented to the register and f-eC^rver within
twelve months after the return of such surveys
to the district land office, accompanied by proof
of settlement, and the extent to which the tracts
claimed had beer* reduced-into possession at the
time of the adjudication; and thereupon ea'e-ft ease
is to be adjudged-by the register -and receiver,
under such instructions as shall begivfen'by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office;- to
whom the proof and adjudication-are to be re-
turned by the local land office, and no adjudication
is to'be final until confirmed by the Commis-
! siofier; but the confirmation by the Commissioner
1 is to be conclusive and final between conterminous
; I proprietors, and the correctness thereof is not to
be open-to contestation in any action at law* or
suit m equity between them or between parties
claiming under them by title subsequent; butany
claim not brought beforethe register and receiver
within twelve months is to be barred,and thelands
covered thereby, with any other tracts within the
limits of the rancho, the titles to which are not
established under this act,are to be dealt with as
other public lands, but subject to adjudicated
boundaries of the claims which are presented
! within the limit of the time prescribed. No per-
| son under the provisions of tins act is to be al-
| lowed to enteragreaterquantkyoflandthanthree
! hundred and twenty acres.
Mr. CONNESS. A few words to explain this
bill, it has been reported by the Committee on
Public Lands favorably. It is a bill to enable the
settlers upon what was an alleged Spanish or Mex-
ican grant in California to obtain their hinds from
the United States, the grant having been rejected
by the Supreme Court of the United States, and
they having settled upon the-larrdahd made their
!l improvements and homes there. There are no
!! counter rights to he affected by it.
■\ Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
,! ber fiom California if the title to the rancho has
been settled by any judicial decision ip any con-
troverted case. • ' - -
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sn; and rejected by the
Supreme Court.
