2992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15.
topped off; let it stand, and under its refreshing
shade, beneath its green branches, there will yet
repose a united, happy, and prosperous people.
The heart of the nation has been wonderfully
stirred by the following words of an American
poet, so that they have passed into household
language:
" Woodman, spare that tree !
Touch not a single bough;
In youth it sheltered me,
And I'll protect it now."
Paraphrasing these touching words, I to-day
invoke this House to protect the Constitution of
our fathers.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, next addressed
the House. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire, before proceed-
ing with any remarks upon this joint resolution,
to submit an amendment.
The SPEAKER. One amendment is pending
offered yesterday by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Wheeler.]
M r. PENDLETON. Is not an amendment to
the amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. If it is germane to the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. PENDLETON. What I propose is to
strike out that portion of the bill which submits
the amendment of the Constitution to the Legis-
latures of the several States, and to insert a pro-
vision submitting it to the conventions of the
several States, so that the ratification, if at all,
shall be by conventions of three fourths of the
Stales.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only in-
troduce his amendment to accomplish that pur-
pose by moving a substitute for the entire reso-
lution.
Mr. PENDLETON. I offer my amendment,
thrn, in the shape of a substitute.
Mr. ARNOLD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for five minutes?
Mr. PENDLETON. T will.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether with that amendment he will
vole fur the resolution ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I will not. There is no
difficulty in answering that question; but I desire,
if gentlemen intend to submit a proposition ot
this kind to the States for ratification, that* they
shall submit it to conventions which arc elected
for the sole purpose of passing on it, and not to
Legislatures already elected upon other and dif-
ferent issues.
Mr. Speaker, I approach the discussion of this
question with great diffidence. I believe in the
constant progress of political science, and I am
willing always to yield to its just demands. 1
believe in the constant amelioration of the condi-
tion of the human race, and I am anxious in every
position in social or political, in private or pub-
lic life, to aid in every movement toward that
result. I believe in the constant development of
the human intellect; and I think it our bounden
duty to apply its maturing powers to theever-va-
rymg condition of affairs which the ages in their
course evolve. I reveic the wisdom and the vir-
tue of the good men who have gone before us;
but I am unwilling blindly to believe that either
their principles or their actions have attained to
absolute perfection. I regard their achievements
as the landmarks by which our course ought to
be directed, not as barriers by which our prog-
ress should be stayed.
IJut, sir, I am profoundly convinced that wise
men will not lightly touch the organic law of a
Government which has held its beneficent sway
over thirty million people, and that their hesita-
tion will be akin to solemn dread when that Gov-
ernment by the sparing exercise of extremely
limited powers has been able to maintain social
order without retarding an unparalleled develop-
ment of material prosperity in t-he midst of the
enjoyment of civil and pei so mil liberty unequaled
in the history of the world. This Constitution
has existed for seventy-five years; for sixty its
piovisions have been unchanged. Three times
only has the hand of change touched it: once
when, in obedience to the requuements of the
conventions which ratified it, the First Congress
proposed amendments to the States; again in
1794, when the Third Congress proposed an
amendment to limit the power of the Federal judi-
ciary; and again after the struggle for the Presi-
dency in 1801, when it became necessary to change
the mode of electing the Presidentand Vice Pres-
ident. it is worthy of attention that not one of
these amendments added to the powers which
were delegated to the United States, and not one
of them added to-the powers which were prohib-
ited to the States. All of them except the last,
in reference to the election of President and Vice
President, were guarantees of the personal liberty
of the citizen, or declarations of the inviolability
of the reserved rights of the States.
Sir, these sixty years have been eventful in the
life of the nation. Three million people have be-
come thirty million. Our western boundary, then
hidden in the almost unknown valley of the Mis-
sissippi, now touches the Pacific, whose laugh-
ing waves reflect the gems which sparkle on the
golden shore. France, Spain, Mexico on the
south and Great Britain on the north have added
to the extent of this magnificent domain. We
have had wars upon the sea and wars upon the
land. We have had wars of invasion, and have
repelled the invader. We have had foreign wars,
and have tasted the triumphs of conquest. We
have had struggles for the emoluments of office;
we have had struggles for the political powers of
the Government; we have had partisan strife; we
have had sectional strife; and this Constitution
was sufficient for all of these things.
But a change has come over us. New prin-
ciples have been asserted. A new party has come
into power, and that party, in the first term of its
administiation,in the midstof the civil war which
was coincident with its attainment of power,when
a million and a half of men with serried ranks and
glittering bayonets invoke the arbitrament of the
sword, calls upon us to change in a vital point this
Constitution.
I object to this action for many reasons. I ob-
ject to it because the time is not auspicious. I
know full well that in the excitements of war, when
all the elements of mind and matter are brought
into conflict, we attain in a moment, as it were,
to results which the experience of an age of peace-
ful life would not develop. But, sir, these are
tunes for inventing and not for perfecting. They
are times for experimenting and not for the full
matin nig of plans. They are times in which to
try expedients. But it requires the self-posses-
sion, the deliberation, the freedom from excite-
ment which belong to times of peace to lay se-
curely and justly and wisely the foundations of
a permanent free Government.
Jn 1861, before a drop of blood was shed, be-
fore an army was put into the field, before excite-
ment was rife, before exacerbation had sprung
up, an eminent statesman then in the Senate,
now in the Cabinet, spoke on this subject. His
theme was the perils which environed the Union,
and the true method of avoiding them. All eyes
were directed to him, all eais weie intent to hear
him. The country stood silent to catch the word
of hope. Gentlemen who were here at that time
will remember how this House was deserted in
order that we might hear from Mr. Seward, in
the Senate, his remedy for the evils and his plans
to allay the excitements of that hour. He con-
cluded his speech with the remark which I desire
to commend to my friends on the opposite side
of this Chamber:
" But it" the measure weie practicable I should prefer a
difl'eient course, namely, when (he eccentric movements
of secession and disunion e>hn!l have ended, In whatever
form that end ma} come, and the angry excitements of tiie
iiourxhai! have subsided, and calmness shall h.ive once
moio Kisumod its accustomed fcway over the public* mind,
then, and not till then—one, two, three years hence—I
would checifuily advise a convention of the people, to be
assembled in pursuance ot ti u Constitution, to consider
and decide whuthei any and what amendments of the na-
tional organic law ought to be made.*'
I confide the weight of the objection I first make
to the passage of this resolution to the wisdom
and soundness of the views expressed at that time
by that Senator.
Mr. Speaker, I object to the passage of this
resolution for this simple reason, that it is impos-
sible that the amendment proposed should be rat-
ified without a fraudulent use—I select the term
advisedly—without a fraudulent use of the power
to admit new States or a fraudulent use of the
military power of the Federal Government in the
seceded States.
There are thirty-five States. Twenty-seven are
necessary to ratify this amendment. There are
nineteen free States. Suppose you get them all,
where do you get the others? Count also Mary-
land, Missouri, West Virginia, even Delaware,
if you please, and you have but twenty-three.
Where are the otherfour? Gentlemen tell me they
have provided for the admission of Colorado,
Montana, and Nevada. This addition to the num-
ber of States increases to the same extent the
number necessary for the ratification. If you get
them all, four are still wanting. If you intend to
make up this number by the addition of new
States you will have to add sixteen; three fourths
of which, twelve, will be the proper proportion
for the nu/nber added, and the remaining four to
make up the deficiency among the old States. Are
gentlemen prepared to carve sixteen new States
out of this territory in the Westforthis purpose?
Will gentlemen call on the southern States to
furnish the requisite number? Does any man
suppose that Kentucky, if left to her unbiased
choice, will ratify this amendment? Will you
call on Tennessee? Tennessee is to-day in pos-
session of a military governor, and not repre-
sented in either House of Congress. Arkansas ?
Arkansas begs to-day that you will recognize her
as a State and admit her Senator. And he can-
not be admitted. Louisiana? General Banks is
again its military governor. He is already
ashamed of the farce which was enacted there a
short time since, and is about to get rid of the
pretense of a government which a little while ago
he set up in the person of our quondam colleague,
Michael Hahn. South Carolina? -Is she to be
called upon ? Why, sir, the possession of Hilton
Head did not give hold upon that State enough to
secure the admission of delegates to the Baltimore
convention.
If these States are to vote in their present con-
dition, it would be a broad farce if it were not a
wicked fraud.
If they are to be reorganized under the procla-
mation of the President, or under an act of Con-
gress, upon the basis of one tenth of the popula-
tion, it must be effected through the exercise of
military power and by the votes of the dependents
and hangers-on and contractors and cormorants
who follow an army, and if you should attempt
to amend the Constitution by such means, what
binding obligation would it have? What binding
obligation ought it to have? Do you suppose
the States now in secession, with arms in their
hands, and where you have hardly a foothold,
would ever submit to it ? Do you really propose
to establish over them by force of arms a Consti-
tution which you have just changed by force of
arms ?
If that is your purpose, I warn you now that
you will destroy the last lingering hope, faint,
small as it now is, that you will ever be able to
restore this Union, or even to maintain the juris-
diction of the Federal Government over those
States.
But, sir, I object to the passage of this resolu-
tion because in my judgment this amendment, or
this change—I will not call it an amendment—-of
the Constitution is not within the power con-
ferred by the Constitution. The arguments which
my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Mallohy] and
my friend from Indiana [Mr. Edgertom] have
made upon that subject relieve me from the ne-
cessity of dwelling long upon it. 1 know what
| the language of the Constitution is. I desire to
ask gentlemen opposite, and I address my ques-
tion particularly to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] who spoke this morning,
whether they contend that three fourths of the
States can make any and every change of this
Constitution. The gentleman said this morning
that they can change the number of Representa-
tives here in the Federal Congress. I grant it.
He said that they could change the length of tenure
of the presidential office, i grant it.
Mr. STROUSE. What gentleman from Penn-
sylvania made those assertions? To whom does
the gentleman reft r?
Mr. PEJNDLETON. I refer to the gentleman's
colleague over the way, [Mr. Thayer,] who
spoke this morning. But is it competent under
the Constitution for three fourths of the States to
change the Government into a hereditary tnon-
i archy; to abolish, the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, and convert this Government into
an autocracy? It certainly is not. That would
be revolution, not amendment. The States can-
