THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10.
Kf?. ARNOLD. - I State to the" gentleman from
Pennsylvania that the'committee did meet, did
consent, and did authorize me to report this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Was it not in the House?
, Mr. ARNOLD. That is immaterial.
Mr. STEVENS. No, it is not immaterial. I
ffsk the gentleman if the meeting did not take place
in the House?
Mr. ARNOLD, It was in the House.
- Mr. STEVENS. Then it was no meeting.
Mr. NORTON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is too able a man to undertake to break
down a!measure of this character upon so tech-
nical a point as' this.
. Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield the floor for
thepurpose of beiiig praised. [Laughter.]
'Mi*; NORTON. 1 was praising the gentleman
^Tightly, but I will not do it again, finding that it
offends him. I will only say that there is but a
single point of difference between the firtSt bill pre-
sented and this bill. The bills are precisely the
same, with the exception of striking out a single
section—the fifth.
Mr. STEVENS. I am perfectly aware of that.
Mr. NORTON. I want to know whether it is
a fair proceeding for the gentleman to make the
point he makes when my colleague [Mr. Arnold]
states that he had the consent of the Committee
on Roads and Canals,and when the bill is an ex-
act copy of the other bill with the exception of
a single section which has been stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand all that. But
the bill which the gentleman from Illinois intro-
duced this morning has been referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and removed from consideration in the House for
the present. The gentleman from Illinois then
had a meeting at his table, as 1 now understand,
and they consented to his reporting the bill again.
Now, I say that was no meeting of the commit-
tee. that committee have no leave to sit during
the sessions of the House,'and it could not there-
fore have reported the bill. I am sure the gen-
tleman did not think of this, or he would not
have betrayed the Speaker by his statement into
receiving a bill illegitimately. I so understood
the state of the case when 1 raised the point of
order, and I tried tb make the Speaker compre-
hend me.
I think every memberof thcHouse wholcnows
the rules of the House knows that there has been
no meeting of the committee since the House has
removed die subject from the committee to the
Commit tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Therefore the gentleman from Illinois did not
think how improper it was to say that he had the
consent of the committee, although they were
around him in the House. It was inadvertence
on his pai't, for he would not impose anything
illegitimately upon the House, knowing it to be
such.
The hill is not before the House, and t will not
go into the merits of it. I will not inquire whether
an appropriation of $13,000,000 for a six-foot wide
canal for war vessels is good or bad. I have good
reasons why I shall vote to reject this bill.
Mr. DAyVESt Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a
word on this unusual and extreme motion to re-
ject a bjji in the outset and before it can be prop-
erly considered and amended. Itis very seldom
applied to any measure, certainly never to a meas-
ure of this kind. I do not recollect that it was ever
attempted but once before, since t have been a
member of Congress, to reject a measure at the
outset.
My friend from Pennsylvania declines to dis-
cuss the merits of the bill very properly, as no one
can discuss it at this stage. He prefers to have
the sense of the House taken on it before its
merits are discussed, thinking it a moie feasible
time and a better occasion to carry out his views.
He urges a motion to ieject the bill before its
merits are discussed, and justifies himself simply
upon the ground of the manner in which the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] introduced the
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I object simply because I
cannot believe that the bill is before the House.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to yield to me.
Mr. DAWES. 1 have the tloor from the gen-
tleman from Illinois only for a few moments, and
cannot yield.
Mr. Speaker,' this same matter was gone over
in the last House. A bill was introduced at the
last session of Congress with the section in that
was in the bill when it was first introduced by the
gentleman from Illinois, and it went to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Immediately another bill was introduced, but the
House then preferred to discuss this matter on its
merits in the ordinary way of legislation. They
encountered the hostility of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] as they have it
now, and with the same earnestness, the same
candor, and the same sincerity with which he at-
tacks the bill to-day. It cannot surprise any
friend of the measure that it encounters his oppo-
sition at this time, for he is an open and avowed
enemy of the bill. I suggest he would meet the
merits of the bill a great deal better if he would
consentto have the subject before the House and
properly considered. I am not the friend of the
measure in its present shape, and will not be until
it is modified.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman can have de-
bate by referring the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has been told
a great many times that he is an old parliament-
arian, and he knows that when a bill is sent to
the Committee of the Whole on the sta«e of the
Union at this stage of the session it is consigned
to the " tomb of the Capulets." It will never be
heard of afterwards. It is the best way to kill a
measure, and as an old parliamentarian, if he will
allow me to call him such once more, he knows
that it is the best way possible to kill a measure
when you want to make some people believe you
are its friend. I consent that we can discuss it
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; but when a gentleman makes a mo-
tion to refer a bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ho knows, if he has been
here one session, that when a bill is so referred
at this period of the session it will never be heard
of again.
This is a measure of such importance that for
one 1 am willing to have it discussed on its merits;
and when it shall be put in proper shape it shall
have my vote. I am not prepared to say that I
will vote for the bill in its present shape; but I
am not willing to lull it-at the outset. I want it
properly before the House, and discussed 014its
merits.
Mr. COX. I will suggest to my fiiend fiom
Wisconsin, [Mr. Brown,] if he will withdraw his
motion to reject, I think we can fix this matter so
that we can discuss and amend this bill in the
House. I am opposed to this measure in every
particular, but I want to see a fair discussion. I
do not agree with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] that at this stage of the session
a leferenee to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union is necessarily the death of any
measuie. 1 think we can discuss it there; and if
my friend will withdraw his motion, I will move
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I have not yet had an op-
portunity to examine the provisions of this bill,
but I do hope that the House at this period of the
session will not reject this hill upon its introduc-
tion without affording us friends and its enemies
an opportunity to investigate it. It is an import-
ant bill, it is a bill of importance to the entire
country west of the Alleghany mountains. It is
a bill of vast importance to every inch of territory
between the lakes and the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river. (t is important, not only to the Gov-
ernment, but to the country. It does seem to me
that a motion to reject the bill upon its introduc-
tion, without affording members of the House an
opportunity to examine it, to discuss it, to amend
it, if it requires amendment, or of rejecting it if it
cannot be got into a shape to satisiy a majority
of the House, is most extraordinary. I am not
inclined 10 afford gentlemen who wouid thus crush
a measure upon its introduction the opportunity
of backing out of their position without entering
my protest against such an extraordinary pro-
ceeding.
I believe some measure of this kind—I do not
say this paiticuiar bill, because I am unprepaied
to speak of its meuts—is of vast national import-
ance to this country, and that we have the same ;
power to appropiiate money to open up a ship j
communication by which Government vessels j
may go from the tide-waters of the Gulf to the
Lakes, as we have to appropriate a dollar to im-
prove a harbor anywhere upon our coast; that we
have the same constitutional power to open up
this water communication between the Lakes and
the Gulf that we have to improve a harbor for the
security of our vessels at the mouth of the Chi-
cago river, or upon the Atlantic coast, or.on the
Chesapeake bay or anywhere else.
I am opposed also to the motion to refer this
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the stateof
the Union, for the reason that all experience shows
that within two months of the close of the session
other important measures which press themselves
upon the House will finally defeat this bill. When
it goes to the Committee of the Whole, although
its consideration may be in order in committee,
the time which should be devoted to its discus-
sion will be consumed in the discussion of other
measures; and from time to time, whentbeHouse
is in Committee of the Whole upon this bill, in-
stead of discussing it, other important measures
will be there discussed. I wantthe House to per-
mit this bill to remain under control of the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, and to fix some day
certain for its consideration, in order that those
who are its friends and those who are its enemies
may have an opportunity, upon the bill itself, to
discuss its merits and its demerits, so that the
House may be prepared to act advisedly upon the
bill or upon the amendments, that the country may
know upon what they have to depend in reference
to this question.
I hope, therefore, the bill will not be rejected
upon tlie motion of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, and that they will not send it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, since
every man who is honest with himself will ac-
knowledge that such a course will kill the bill for
the piesent session at least.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I am not
very familiar with the usages of the House, but
I had supposed that when the chairman of a com-
mittee presented a report to the House, it was to
be presumed that he had full authority from the
committee. I had also supposed that that author-
ity was entirely conclusive, and that the commit-
tee might not be interrogated by members of the
House", and that proper information could come
from any member of the committee. I think this
bill has great merits, that it is an improvement
which should be made, and I think it will find
favor with the nation, but not now. I believe at
the present time we need ail our energies and re-
sources and all our credits for the prosecution of
the war in which we are engaged.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire to say to the House
that if this bill is not rejected, as I trust it will
not be, there will be an opportunity for full discus-
sion and amendment. 1 rusting that the House
will give an opportunity for that discussion, 1
now demand the previous question.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I withdraw my
motion to reject the bill,and move to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEA KER# That motion is not in order
at this time.
The bill was then read a second time by its title.
Mr. ARNOLD. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until Monday-
week,after the morning hour, and upon that mo-
tion 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion for the present.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it proposed to make the
bill a special order for Monday week?
Mr. ARNOLD. No; merely to postpone it
until after the morning hour on that day.
The SPEAKER. It would require unanimous
consent to make it a special order.
Mr. ARNOLD. I do not ask that it should be
made a special oider, but merely that it should
be postponed.
Mr. LiOLMAN. Then I withd raw my motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and being put, the motion
to postpone the bill until Monday week after the
mornins hour was agreed to.
Mr. DAW ES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was so postponed; and aiso moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
