$016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
_Kmendi?>cnt, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the,third time, and passed.
trade on the northern frontier.
JlJr. MORRILL. I a§k the Senate now to take
i^up and consider at this time Senate bill No..223.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
> in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
; the bill (S. No. 223) to regulate the foreign and
( coasting trade on the northern, northeastern, and
; northwestern frontiers of the United States, and
 i for other purposes..
It provides that any boat, sloop, or other ves-
sel of the United States, navigating the waters
I,©n our northern, northeastern,and northwestern
frontiers, otherwise than by sea, shall be enrolled
and licensed in such form as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury; which enroll-
ment and license is to authorize any such boat,
sloop, or other vessel to be employed either in
. the coasting or foreign trade; and no certificate of
register is to be required for vessels so employed
..on those frontiers; but such boat, sloop, or ves-
,eel is to be, in every other respect, liable to the
rales, regulations, and penalties now in force re-
, lating to registered vesselson our northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers.
•In lieu of.the compensation provided by the
, fourth section of the act of March 2,1831, to reg-
ulate the foreign and coasting: trade on the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United States, and for other purposes, each of
•the several collectors of customs in the following
districts: Pembina, Chicago, Milwaukee, Suult
Saint Marie, Detroit, Miami, Sandusky, Cuya-
hoga, Presque Isle, (hereafter to be called Erie,)
Dunkirk, Buffalo, Niagara, Genesee, Oswego,
Cape Vincent, Oswegatclne, Champlain, and Ver-
mont are to) receive an annual compensation of
$1,000, and, in addition thereto, the fees now col-
lected under the general regulations of the Treas-
ury Department of February, 1857, and a com-
mission of three per cent, on all moneys collected
and accounted for by them respectively; but the
aggregatecompensation derived from salary, fees,
and commissions is not in any case toexceed the
sum of #2,500 per annum, subject to the provis-
ions of the act relative to collectors and other offi-
cers of the customs, approved Febiuary 11,1816.
Whenever the aggregate of salary, fees, and com-
missions it) any case exceeds the sum of $2,500,
after deducting the necessary expenses incident
to the office, for and during the same period for
which the compensation is allowed, the excess is,
in every such case, to be paid into the Treasury
of the United Slates. The fees and emoluments
of all kinds are to b« accounted for as provided
b^ the twelfth section of the act of the 7th of May,
The collectors and other officers of customs on
the frontiers are to be authorized to charge and
collect the same fees as are now allowed by law
to be charged and collected by the collectors and
other officers of customs.
All the territory, harbors, and waters on the
eastern shore of the State of Wisconsin, border-
ing on Lake Michigan, heretofore embraced in
the district of Michilimuckimic, and lying within
the limits of the Statu of Wisconsin, are attached
to and made a part of the collection district of
Milwaukee, in the Slate of Wisconsin.
There are to be designated and appointed in
the mode provided by law two local inspectors of
steamboats for the collection district of Oregon,
at an annual compensation of $500 per annum,
to be paid as provided by law in the case of other
like inspectors.
All bonds given by collectors of customs, na-
val officers, surveyors, and by all officers of the
customs throughout the United States are to be
approved by the Commissioner of Customs, in
whose office they are now required to be filed.
This bill is to take effect from and after June
30, 1864/
The act entitled "An actio regulate the foreign
and coasting trade on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers of (he United States,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,
1831, and all other acts or parts of acts inconsist-
ent with this act are to be repealed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thelirst ques-
tion will be on the amendments reported from the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POWELL. I should like the gentleman
having the bill in charge to explain the effect of
the law this bill proposes to repeal—I do not know
what it is—and whether it confers on these ves-
sels any greater privileges, before we proceed to
act upon the amendments.
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps I ought to explain
the general character of the bill. The Senate will
perceive that it relates entirely to the commerce
on the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers. It has no application to the sea-coast.
In answer to the inquiry of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, 1 will state that it repeals the act of 1831,
and provides otherwise than that act did for the
Commerce in that section of the country. By the
second section of that act it will be seen that Brit-
ish colonial boats, vessels, &c., entering these
waters were placed upon precisely the same terms
as American vessels. This bill changes that rule,
and places British vessels navigating the lakes
upon precisely the same footing with British ves-
sels navigating the seas.
The second section of the act of 1831 provided
for licensing vessels upon the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers; but it was
not uniform with the system adopted upon the
coast. This bill repeals thatsection,and, as will
be seen by the first section, provides that they
"shall be enrolled and licensed in such form as
other vessels." The only effect of this is to pro-
duce entire uniformity. I am not aware that in
the question of fees or emoluments or anything
of that sort it makes the slightest difference.
The fourth section of the act of 1831 provided
for the compensation of these officers; and it will
be seen by reading the section that it is quite
difficult to know what that compensation is. The
.section is in these words:
"Tliatiiilleuof the fees, emoluments, salary, and com-
missions now allowed l>y law to any collector or surveyor
of any district on our northern, northeastern, and north-
western lakes and rivers, each collector or surveyor, as
afoiesaid, shall receive, annually, in full compensation for
these services, tin amount equal to tile entire compensa-
tion received hy such otheer during tile past year."
That is to say, if we wish to find out what shall
be the salary of any of these officers for any fu-
ture year, we must ascertain what their salary
was for 1830. How is that to be ascertainedThe
compensation of these officers is made up princi-
pally by fees, fines, forfeitures, &c., which they
collect. The custom-house officers upon the lakes
were peculiar in that respect. They had no fixed
salary. Their compensation, therefore, depended
entirely upon what they could collect from fines,
forfeitures, &c., and it was various. This bill
provides thatatcertain points,enumerating them,
ten in number, 1 think, along the northern and
northeastern coast, they shall receive a compen-
sation of at least $1,000 a year, and they shall
have such compensation as arises from commis-
sions.
Mr. POWELL. Does that mako their pay
greater or less than the compensation they have
heretofore received?
Mr. MORRILL. It is greater in some respects,
and less in others. It has been very dispropor-
tionate. At Buffalo,-Oswego, and some other
points, the compensation was very large, while at
other points it was merely nominal, demanding
no service and securing no fidelity. This hill
goes upon the idea that if it is important to pro-
tect the commercc of that section of the country
it, is important to secure the services of men worth
at least §1,00(1 per annum.
Mr. COLLAMER. As collectors?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir. The committee
believe that the commerce on thatfrontier is, par-
ticularly at this time, of such importance as to
demand an agent in the interest of the Govern-
ment who is worth at least in that business $1,000.
We say, therefore, that at certain points, taking
into consideration the importance of those points
as we have been able to ascertain them, there
may be custom-house officers appointed whose
salaries shall be $1,000 per annum, and as much
more as they are able to collect out of certain
emoluments that are established by the general
law of the country. That is the provision of the
second section of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. That includes all the
northern /rontier?
Mr. MORRILL. The whole northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers.
One other thing, and then I have stated the
whole effect of the bill. The custom-house offi-
cers.on the interior lakes have never had the same
compensation and fees as the custom-house offi-
cers on the coast. There has been a distinction.
We abolish that distinction by the third section
of this bill,, which is in these words:
That the collectors and otiier officers of customs on tiie
said frontiers shall be authorized to charge and collect the
same fees as are now allowed by law to be charged and
collected by the collectors and other officers of customs.
So that in this respect, as in the respect I have
already stated in regard to registering vessels, it
makes entire uniformity throughout. This, 1 be-
lieve, is a succinct statement of the effect of this bill.
Mr. HARDING. Will the Senator inform *ne
why the committee propose to strike out the fifth
section of the bill ?
Mr. MORRILL. I omitted that. The fifth
section provides for the appointment of two local
inspectors of steamboatsforthecollection district
of Oregon. That was not congruous to this bill;
and upon consultation with the Secretary of the
Treasury lie consented, or rather recommended,
that that section should be stricken out with a
view of providing for the matter contained in the
section, which he recommends as a necessity, in
connection with the establishment of similar of-
ficers at other points. There is a bill already
reported in the other branch of Congress which
makes the same provision,and for that reason we
propose to strike this fifth section out of the pres-
ent bill. The first amendment of the committee
was in section one, line six, after the word u as"
to strike out the words " may be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury," and to insert
4* other vessels;*' so that the clause will read;
That any bout, sloop, or other vessel of the United States,
navigating the waters on our northern, northeastern, ana
northwestern frontiers, otherwise than by sea, shall be en-
rolled and licensed m such form as other vessels.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section one, line nine, after the word " trade " to
insert41 on said frontiers;" so that the clause will
read:
Which enrollment and license shall authorize any such
boat, sloop, or other vessel to be employed either in the
coasting or foreign trade on said frontiers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section one, line fourteen, after the word** regis-
tered" to insert u and licensed," and after the
word u vessels" to strike out 41 on our northern,
northeastern,and northwestern frontiers;"so that
the proviso will read:
Provided, That such boat, sloop, or vessel shall be, in
every other respect, liable to the rules, regulations, and
penalties now in force relating to registered and licensed
vessels.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out "the fifth section of the bill, in the fol-
lowing words:
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That there shall be
designated and appointed, in the mode provided by law,
two local inspectors of steamboats for the collection dis-
trict of Oregon, at an annual compensation of $500 per an-
num, to be paid as provided by law in the case of other Uko
inspectors.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 377) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of the awards made by the commissioners
appointed under and by virtue of an act of Con-
gress entitled "An act for the relief of persons
for damages sustained by reason of the depreda-
tions and injuries by certain bands of Sioux In-
dians," approved February 16, 1863.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 198) to aid the Indian refugees to return
to their homes in the Indian Territory.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had concurred in the amend*
ments of the Senate to the following bills of the
House:
A bill (No. 119) to regulate the admeasurement
