1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
I find that the same session of Congress appro-
priated for Utah as follows:
Salary of Governor, judges, and secretary........$12,000
Contingent expenses     1,500
Compensation of Legislature, &c   6,000
$19,500
Thus making a difference for precisely the same
purpose between the amount appropriated for the
respective Legislatures of $12,000, the expenses in
each Territory being about the same.
The same session of Congress appropriated for
the Territory of Washington:
Salary of Governor,secretary, and judges  $12,500
Qontingent expenses.....................  1,500
Compensation of Legislature, &c  Q0,U00
$34,000
The same session appropriated for the Territory
of Nebraska:
Salary of Governor, secretary, and judges  $10,500
Contingent expenses  1,000
Compensation of Legislature, &c.    4,000
$15,500
I desire to explain why this appropriation for
Nebraska is so small. Through the Delegate
from thatTerritory the previous appropriation for
mileage and compensation of the members of the
Legislature was diverted by Congress to the pay-
ment of the direct tax levied upon the people of the
Territory, and there was no session of the Legis-
lature one year ago in Nebraska, and the difference
between the direct tax and the amount appropri-
ated, with the $4,000 appropriated for the late ses-
sion, was deemed sufficient to pay the expenses of
the Legislature for 1863-64. Utah assumed the
paymentof herdirecttax by legislative enactment,
and iacheerfully coruiibuting the amount assessed
against her toward aiding in putting down the re-
bellion.
The same Congress appropriated for Colorado:
Salary of Governor, judges, &e  §9,700
Contingent expenses  J ,000
Compensation of Legislature, 8te   20,000
$30,700
Also for Nevada:
Salary of Governor, judges, Stc, ,$9,700
Contingent expense*    1,000
Compensation of Legislature, &e  20.000
Also for Dakota:
Salary of Governor, Judges, &e      #9,700
Contingent exprn&e*    "] ,{ii)0
CompeuMition ot Legislature, kc  ]."j,()i)0
.^."i,700
Mr. Chairman, 1 find appropriated by the pro-
visions of the bill now before the committee, a a
prepared and recommended by the Committee of
Ways and Means, the following amounts ag-
gregated for each Tenitory: For New Mexico,
$33,500; Nebraska, $26,500; Nevada, $23,700;
Arizona, $31,500; Washington, $34,000; Colo-
rado, $25,700; Dakota, $24,700; Idaho, $33,000;
and Utah only $13,500, and no appropriation for
the expenses, mileage, and compensation of the
Legislature for 1884-65.
i find by reference to the estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury the following in regard to
Utah:
For contingent expenses of the Territory, per act of Sep-
tember 9, IW0, 9 Law*, page 4.77. section'! 1, $'1,300.
Compoiifdiion and mih-apo of tho members oftin; Legis-
lative Assembly, offirer*;, Weik*, and oontingpntexpen-p-!
of the Assembly, (joining inquired in addition to unexpended
balance.
This report of the Secretary is dated December
7, 186*3, one week pnor to the meeting of the late
Legislative Assembly foi the Ten itoi y, and hence
the expenses of that Legislature were not before
the Secretary of the Treasury at the time the es-
timate was made, and this has undoubtedly mis-
led the Secretary of the Treasury and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in preparing the
appropriation bill. The $6,000 appropiiated by
the Thirty-Seventh Congress was probably con-
sidered sufficient, with the unexpended balance
of previous appropriations to the credit of Utah
in the Treasuiy Department, to defray the ex-
denaes of the Legislature for the Territory of Utah
for the session of 1863-64. Itcannotbe possible'
that Utah has so far excelled her sister Territories
in economy of the public money as to have stand-
ing to her credit sufficient, with the $6,000, to de-
fray the expenses of two Legislatures, the one of
1863-64, and also the one for 1864-65. Twe/ity
thousand dollars is usually appropriated each
Congressforthe expenses or each Territorial Le-
gislature, and to suppose that Utah has still suffi-
cient to her credit for the next Legislature, can
only be done upon the ground that she has saved
$34,000 for the General Government of money
that was appropriated for the benefit of the Ter-
ritory.
The Legislature has held regularsessions, each
year, of forty days allowed by the organic act.
It is true, sir, that Utah has been saving of the
public money, as is evident from the appropriation
of last session being so small, only $6,000, and for
this theTerritory is entitled to great credit, forming
an honorable exception to other Territories, that
annually expend, 1 believe, all the money appro-
priated for them by Congress. I cannot but think
that the Secretary of the Treasury, in stating that
no appropriation is ncccssary for legislative ex-
penses in Utah for the next fiscal year, has only
taken into consideration the unexpended balance
and the $6,000 appropriated last year, and lost
sight of the expenses of the Legislature which
convened one week after his estimates were made;
in other words, his estimates were based upon the
amount as it stood upon the books of the Depart-
ment. With a crcdit to the Secretary of fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars for the expenses of the
Legislature recently closed, the amount will stand
differently, and probably leave nothing, unless my
amendment is auopted, for defraying the expenses
of the next session, which must, if provided forat
all, be appropriated at this session of Congress.
1 hope, sir, Congress will not discriminate
against Utah by withholding the usual appropri-
ation. All the other Territories aie provided for,
and if you will continue our territorial government
you must pay our legislative expenses.
The estimate of the Seen tary of the Treasury
was dated anterior to the last session of the Le-
gislature. That Legislature continued in session
the usual time, and I presume consumed the ap-
propriation. Upon the grounds I have stated, then,
1 ask for the concurrence of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means in my amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I would be glad to agree with
the honorable gentleman, if I thought this was
necessary. How much the appropiiation for a
p( nitentiary may be pei tinent 1 do not know. Hut
1 call the attention-of the committee to what the
Secretm y of the Treasury says m the estimates,
lie .says that for the compensation and mileage
of the members of the Territorial Legislature of
Utah, officers, clerks, &c., nothing more is needed
than the unexpended balance on hand.
Mr. KINNEY. Six thousand dollars.
Mr. STEVENS. It does not say that.
Mr. KINNEY". Six thousand dolla rs was the
amountappropriatcd by the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, ami there has been a Legislature in session.
It is not quite fair that Utah shall be compelled to
be so much more economical than other Tenito-
H Mr. STEVENS. What was the balance on
hand ?
Mr. KINNEY. I do not know, but it was
considered enough for the subsequent Legislature.
It is now probably exhausted. I see no possible
way for our having a Lcgislatiue unless this ap-
propriation is passed.
On a division, there were—ayes 30, noes 25;
no quorum veiling.
Mr. IIOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. BcAMANand
Dawson were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes 43, noes 33; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw objection to the
amendment, so that we may go on with the bill,
intending to have a vote on it in the House.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Arizona:
For compensation and mileage of the meinheis of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
prices of the Assembly, $18,000.
Mr, STEVENS. I move to strike out " $18,-
000," and to insert "$20,000" in lieu thereof.
The revised estimates make that proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Teiritory of Idaho:
For compensation and-mileage of the members of the Le-
gislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent expenses
of the Assembly, §20,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out   $20,-
000," and to insert in lieu thereof "$32,320."
That is necessary under the revised estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of the Supreme
Court of tho United States, $1,300.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to strike that out, as
it is in properly at another place.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States:
For salaries of the Chief Justice and nine associate jus-
tices, $58ji)00. ^
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out   $58,-
500," and to insert "$60,000" in lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaiies of the district judges of the United States,
$118,750.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I would like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether this appropiiation includes the
salaries for judges recently appointed for Alabama
and Florida. 1 believe those gentlemen are not
on any particular judicial duty.
Mr. STEVENS. It includes all those properly
appointed.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I see that Judge Bustecd,
recently appointed one of the judges for Alabama,
has been devoting himself to the election in New
Hampshire.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot say that he has been
confii mod.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. I understand that he has
been confirmed.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see his name here.
Mr. SPALDING. Are these judges allowed
their traveling; expenses?
Mr. STEVENS. Only one in California. lie
is allowed $1,200, which does not pay his traveling
expenses.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the appropriation for salary of the re-
porter of the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States, line eight hundred and forty-
four, the following:
For compensation of the district attorneys, {$19,250.
For compensation of the marshals, ,<$11,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after line eight hundred and sixty-three, page
36, the following:
Foj salary of chief cleik and teller, to act as Assistant
Treasurer m the absence of the Treasurer, assistant teller,
l>ouk-keopi:i, ami u M unt book-keeper, messenger, and
torn watchmen m the ofiiee of the sub-Treasury at St.
Louis, $9,7(50.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause having been read—
lor iteee^aiy expenses in cariying into effect tho seve-
ral neHot Conaiess nnthoiizing loans and the issue oi'Treas-
ury notes,1,000,000—
Mr. BROOKS said: I desire to have a little light
ill reference to this appropriation contained in linea
eiftht bundled unci eighty-seven, eight hundred
and eighty-eight, and eight hundred and eighty-
nine. What is this §1,000,000 appropriated for?
The appropiiation is indefinite and does not state
specifically what it is for. I wish to know tne
purpose to which that large sum of $1,000,000 is
to be applied.
Mr. STEVENS. I do sot know that I can
make the matter any more definite than the law
itself makes it. We are awaie that very large
loans have been made by the Government, and
that bonds, notes, and various other instruments
have been engiaved at a veiy large expense. The
loan has been negotiated, for which also the Gov-
ernment is bound to pay a considerable sum of
money—a reasonablesum, however—and all these
expenses ate included in this appropriation. It
is supposed it will cover them all.
Mr. BROOKS. If 1 thoughtit was of any use,
I would read a longearposeufthe transactions ofthe
