1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2019
the Union, to agree that this fund should be thus
diverted, that the canal grant should no longer
exist,but thatthelandsgiautedby theactof 1838,
instead of being used as they were pledged to the
canal company for the construction of the canal,
for the payment to the subscribers of the money'
that they had invested in this work on the faith
of the grant of these lands, should become a part
of the grant under the act of 1841. Congress
agreed that these lands should be no longer a
fund for the construction of the canal; should be
no longer a fund to repay to the subscribers what
they had thus in vested, but that these lands should
become a part of the five hundred thousand acres
to which the State of Wisconsin was entitled un-
der the act of 1841. Congress itself agreed to
this diversion of the fund. Can it now say to
the Stale of Wisconsin, " You are responsible in
law or equity because you have thus diverted it?"
Can Congress say to the State of Wisconsin,
" We will hold you responsible for the penalty,
because this canal was not completed in ten
years," when prior to the expiration of the ten
years Congress itself said that a very material
fund should be diverted from the completion of
the canal? 1 say that in equity Congress cannot
say so, without reference to the provision of the
law which said that the State should not be re-
sponsible unless she agreed by an act duly passed
to assume such responsibility.
Mr. President, I should like, if I had the time,
to read the very able report in full which was made
to the House of Representatives in 1842; but 1
shall not occupy the attention of the Senate long
enough to do that. I beg leave, however, to call
the attention of Senators to that report, which
they will find incorporated in the report that I
have felt it to be my duty to make to the Senate
on this question. 1 also ask the attention of Sen-
ators to the report made by the judiciary com-
mittee, in the Senate of Wisconsin, recognizing
these equities and obligations. The whole ques-
tion is tins: Congress, in admitting the State of
Wisconsin into the Union, said to her, "You
shall dischaige the obligations that were upon the
Ten itory of Wisconsin," and I ask Senators what
were the obligations upon the Territory? They
wete the obligations of a trustee,as if 1 held land
in u i;st foi the benefitof the Senator from the State
of Wisconsin, and 1 diverted the fund, I abused
the trust, and instead of using the trust property
according to the contemplation of the trust itself
used it for another purpose. Such was the con-
dition of the Territory of Wisconsin. She ac-
cepted this trust, because after the grant was made
she by an act of her Territorial Legislature, in 1839
or 1840, appointed officers to take charge of these
lands; she authorized them to sell the lands, to
take charge of the funds, and to pay the funds out
as the work upon the canal progressed. She ac-
cepted the trust, and accepting the tiust she in-
cut rod the responsibility and obligation of a trus-
tee for the benefit of the canal company, and in
1846, when she violated this trust, she said that
her faith was pledged, and that the faith of the
State of Wisconsin should be pledged to the canal
company to place back in this fund the money
thus diverted.
Then if Congress in admitting the State of Wis-
consin imposed upon the State the obligation
which rested upon the Territory, that obligation
tb a veiy plain one. The Territory was under
no obligation to pny any money to the General
Government. That was not in the law making
the o-ranf; and by the act of admission Congress
simply required the State of Wisconsin to meet
the obligations of the Territory; not any new ob-
ligation, not the obligation that might have been
resting on the State of Wisconsin undei theactof
1838; but Congress required the State of Wiscon-
sin to discharge the obligations that were upon
the Territory of Wisconsin. What were they?
Not to refund to the national Treasury the pio-
ceeds of the sales of these lands. That was not
imposed on the Territory. It was attempted by
the act of 1838to impose that obligation upon the
State of Wisconsin, if she should assent thereto,
by an act duly passed; but such an obligation
never rested upon the Tenitory of Wisconsin.
TheTerritoiy assumed to the canal company the
obbgation to pay into that fund again the money
which had thus been diverted, and Congiesssaid
to the State, "If you come in under these leso-
lutiuns, if you are allowed to us. your five per
cent, fund as a part of the school fund instead of
a fund to construct roads and canals, you shall
consent to discharge the obligations of the Ter-
ritory toward this canal company.Si It seems
to me to be a very plain question, k is simply,
what was the obligation of the Territory toward
this company ? It was the obligation of a trustee,
as I have already said, an obligation which she
recognized in the resolutions of 1846, to refund all
the money that had been diverted contrary to the
letter and spirit of the act making the grant.
This was regarded, Mr. President, as a very
important grant to the Territory of Wisconsin,
then sparsely settled. It was desired by the Ter-
ritorial Legislature to encourage settlement in that
portion of the Territory between Milwaukee and
Rock river, and for that purpose this corporation
was established by the charter, with authority to
come to Congress to secure this grant. It was
not the Tenitory that applied to Congress; it was
the corporation that applied to Congress for the
grant of lands, pursuant to a recommendation in
the charter. The corporation got the grant for
its benefit, recognized to be for us benefit every-
where, plainly Tor its benefit, so recognized by
the United States House of Representatives in
1842, so recognized by the judiciary committee
of the Senate of Wisconsin in 1860. It procured
the grant and enjoyed it until 1846, when the Ter-
ritorial Legislature said," We will use this money
not to complete this canal, but to pay the expenses
of the Territory." It was so used; but the Legis-
lature said," We will refund this; we will pay
it back to this fund." And Congress said to the
State when the State was admitted, "You shall
assume the obligation and responsibility that is
upon the Territory;" and that was a plain obli-
gation. It was not a confused obligation, not an
uncci lain-one, but it was a plain one, the obliga-
tion of a'trustee to lespond m equity for the
abuse of the trust, an obligation which the trustee
has recognized.
It may be asked why the adjustment of the
questions in dispute between the State of Wis-
consin and the canal company should be brought
before Congress in connection with the proposi-
tion to pay to the State of Wisconsin her five per
cent. fund. The reason of that is plainly this:
when Congress said in 1848 that the State of
Wisconsin might come into the Union, it said that
the State should enjoy this five percent, fund,
piovided she paid to the canal company the
money that had been taken out of that fund; the
constitutional convention in 1848 asked Congress
to modify the grant; Congress did so modify it,
both m respect to the land grant and in respect to
the five per cent, fund, making them both a
school fund instead of a road fund; but Congress
said in making that modification that it was upon
the condition that the State of Wisconsin should
discharge all the obligation that there was upon
the Territory of Wisconsin in respect to this
trust; Congress did not provide that the five per
cent, fund should go to the State except upon
that condition; and" now when the State asks to
receive this five per cent, fund, it is the duty of
Congress to say to the State, " You shall dis-
charge that obligation before you have the five
per cent, fund." In 1848 Congress connected
these rights and obligations together; they have
remained together ever since; and Congress in
adjusting the one must adjust the other.
I suppose no Senator doubts that the State of
Wisconsin is entitled to her five percent, fund.
That is not questioned. It is the plain law, rec-
ognized in two enactments. The act providing
for holding a convention to form a State consti-
tution said that the new State should have the
benefit of five per cent, of the sale of the public
lands'within her border. The act admitting her
into theUnion said that she should have thisfive
per cent. fund. That cannot be questioned, it
is her legal right, her plain right, accompanied,
however, with"the condition that she shall pay
into the canal fund the money that had thus been
diverted.
1 apprehend, however, that the only question
which can be made in respect to this claim is
one to which I have adveited,and that is that
tne S'ate of Wisconsin is bound to pay into the^
national Treasury the proceeds of the sales «>!
thes«j lands at $2 50 an acre. I think 1 have suf-
ficiently answered that objection m advance. I
think I have answered U sufficiently by refe/ring
to the very next section of the act of 1838, whicli
provides that the State of Wisconsin shad not be
thus bound to pay this money into the natioua
Treasury unless she fiivtf agrees to it by an act doty
passed, i think I sufficiently answer it in the
equity that the legislation of Congress has raised
in respect to this matter. Congress agreed to the
diversion of this fund; Congress, before the ten
years had expired, agreed that a very important
fund for the construction of the canal need not be
used for that purpose, but that it might be used
for the maintenance of common schools in the-
State of Wisconsin; Congress said in 3838, by
the sixth section of the act, that if this canal was
not constructed in ten years the State of Wis-
consin should pay into the national Treasury the
amount of the proceeds of the sales of these lands
at $2 50 an acre, but the next section said that
the State should first assent to this by an act duly
passed; but further than that, Congress agreed
before the ten years expired that instead of mak-
ing that canal, these lands should go to maintain
schools m the State of Wisconsin.
Now, can Congress claim that the State shall
respond for these lands? Can Congress say that
there is a forfeiture on the part of the State in not
completing the constrnciion of the canal within
ten years, when Congress agreed to the diversion
of the fund which was to secure its construction?
If the ten years had fully elapsed before the diver-
sion, there would be some force in the argument:
but they had not elapsed, the work was then in-
complete, the time iiad not expired, and Congress
said: "You may use these lands and their pro-
ceeds for another purpose; we absolve you from
the obligation to make the canal and the obliga-
tion to pay the money into the Treasury depend-
ent upon the non-completion of the canal." Who,
then, can say that there is an obligation on the
part of the State of Wisconsin,after Congress has
assented to a change of the grant figm the pur-
pose of constructing the canal to the purpose of
maintaining schools in Wisconsin, that the State
of Wisconsin is bound to pay anything into the
Treasury of the United Stated
The proposition before the Senate is that there
shall be paid to the State of Wisconsin what
shall be found her due upon anadjustmentof the
accounts by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, under the supervision of the Sec-
retary of the Inteiior,for the five per cent, fund;
that she shall be charged, however, as against
that fund with the lands sold, but credited with
the amount that was appropriated in the construc-
tion of the canal, and she shall be credited with
the amount that is to go to the payment of the
canal company for the rights secured under the
grant, under the charter, and under the resolution
of 1846. After a very careful examination of this
question I became thoroughly satisfied that the
resolution which the committee has reported to
this body secures the legal rights and equities ot
the General Government, the State of Wisconsin,
and the canal company.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This joint
resolution will now be laid aside and the regular
order of the day taken up.
NATIONAL CUltltENCY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. JVo
395) to provide a national currency, secured by
the pledge of United States bonds, and to pro
vide for the circulation and redemption theieof.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the subject ofcurrency
and banking now pending before the Senate, I
desire to submit two or three sections which 1
may offer as amendments to the bill in the Sen-
ate, and 1 ask that they may now be received in-
formally, and be ordered to be printed.
The order to print was made.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the bill by in-
serting after the word "section," in line seven-
teen of section twenty-eight, the words:
Nor shall it hold the possession of any real estate under
mortgage or liolti the title of any real estate tor a longei
pertotl lii'in five years.
It will be seen from the provisions in the hill
that there is no inhibition upon any of these as-
sociations from taking possession of or receiving
the profits of mortgaged piopeity indefinitely.
Theie is an express provision in the section
which I have moved to amend, allowing any of
I heat1 associations to purchase real t s>tate, in dm*
