1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
servators of Union; and the first step of that re-
turn should be now and here, in our firm resolve
to remit to the States, where the Constitution left
it, the whole subject of domestic slavery.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STILES. I move that the gentleman have
leave to proceed for ten minutes.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire permission of the
House to ask thegentleman from Ohio aquestion.
Mr. PENDLETON. I shall be very happy
to answer any question my coileague will ask, if
the House will permit it.
Several Members objected.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to submit this sug-
gestion to the House.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I object.
Mr. "WILSON. Well, sir, I move that the time
fixed for taking a recess be extended till this res-
olution has been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
The motion was agreed to.
The question being on the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Wheeler,
Mr. GANSON called for the yeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The substitute proposed by Mr. Pendleton
was disagreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 93, nays 65, not voting 23; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Bail), John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bedmau, Blame, Blair,
Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandeaee, Droomall, Ambiose \V.
Ciatk. Freeman (JlaikP, Colit), Cole, (.'resweil, Dawes,
Denims, Dixon, Donnelly, Dnggs, Eckley, Ehot, Farns-
woith. Fenton, Frank, Gaifield, Goocb, Griswold, Hale,
Higi^ IIoojM t, Ilotcbki^, Abahcl VV, Ilubbaid, John If.
Hubbard, Uullmnl, Ingei oIi, Jencke?, Julian, Ka?so ,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Littlejohn,
-Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McClura, Melndoe, Samuel F.
Miller, Moojhead, Morrill, Dniiiof Morris, Amos Myers,
Leonatd Myeis,Norton. Odell,Charles O'Neill, Oith, Fat-
tei on, Peiliam, Pike, Price, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
llice. riclieuck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Snmh, Bnntliers,
Spalding, Stair, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Tracfy, Up->on,
Van Valkenourgh, Ehliu B. Wa^hbin ne, Webster, Whaiey,
Wheelei, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Winuom, and Wood-
bridge—93.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James
S. Brown, Clianler,ColFjotli, Cox, Cravens, Daw&on, Deni-
fcOn, Edeii, Edgorton, EJdridge, English, Finek, (Sanson,
Oridor, tlardiug, Harrington, Heirick, Holtnaii, Hutching
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalblletsch, Kernan,
Kmc, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Maliory, Marcv, Me-
Albsier, M( Dowel], McKmnev, William ii. Miller, James
R. lMoi i is,Morrison, Noble John O'Xeill, Pendleton,Pinyn,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James S.
Rol'in^, Ros-«, Scott, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stile, Stiou>e. Stuait, Sweat, Wadswortb, Ward, Chilton
A. White, Joseph VV. White, and Fernando Wood—bo.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William G. Blown,Clay, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dimimif, Gtmnell, Hail,
Benjamin G. Hams, Chatles M. Ilairis, Knapp, McBride,
Middleton, Nelson, Peny, Fomeroy, William H. Randall,
Edward 11. Rollins. Stebbin-?, Vooihccs, William B. Wash-
burn, VVnifield, Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—23.
So the joint resolution was not passed, two
thirds not having voted in favor thereof.
Daiinsj the, call of the roll,
Mr. WEBSTER stated that his colleague, M r.
Davis, of Maryland, was detained from the House
by illness, and was paired with Mr. Knapp, also
detained by illness. Mr. Davis would have voted
in the affirmative and Mr. Knapp in the negative.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Davis, had paired with Mr. "Win-
field.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Voorhees had paired
with Mr. Rollins, of New Hampshire.
Mr. McliRlDE stated that he had paired with
Mr. Hall, otherwise he would have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. ASHLEY changed his vote from the af-
firmative to the negative, for the purpose of sub-
mitting at the proper time the motion to reconsider.
* JY11 Tn ARRIS, of Illinois. I, when very busy,
was i equcsted by Mr. Grinnell, of Iowa, to pair
with ium on this question. Without leflection or
thnikin"- that it requited a vote of two thirds to
cl.! iy the lesolution, I agreed to it, which I now
re  l t-t, and but for which I should vote in the neg-
ative. . ,
The vote was announced as above recordeu.
Mr. HOLM-AN. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know whether less than a majority is
competent to lay a motion to reconsider the vote
just taken on the table?
The SPEAKER. The only provision of the
Constitution requiring a two thirds vote is upon
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I will not submit a
motion to reconsider.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say to the House
that if a quorum is present at half past seven this
evening I shall endeavor to take up the Senate
amendments to the internal revenue tax bill.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman desire a vote
upon them to-night?
Mr. MORRILL. I do.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. .Hicket,
their Chief Clerk, informed the House that the
Senate insist upon its amendments to the amend-
ments of, the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 145) to equalize the pay of soldiers in the
United States Army, agree to the committee of
conference asked for by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
have appointed Mr. Wilson, Mr. Grimes, and
Mr. Nesmitii to be the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (H. R.
No. 247) making a grant of land to the State of
Wisconsin to build a military road to Lake Supe-
rior, with amendments; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate have passed an act (S.No.
264) for the disposal of coal lands and town prop-
erty in the public domain; m which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate have passed, without
amendment, an act (H. R. No. 513) to detach the
counties of Calhoun and Branch from the west-
erh judicial district and annex the same to the
eastern district of the State of Michigan.
Also, that the Senate have passed an act (No.
207) making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifications
and other woiks of defense for the year ending
June 30, 18G5, with amendments; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate agree to the amendments
of the House to the bill (S. No. 106) to prohibit
certain sales of gold and foreign exchange; and
also to the bill (II. R.No. 282) to amend an act
entitled <4An act to extend the time for the with-
drawal of goods from public stores and bonded
warehouses, and for other puiposes," approved
February 29, 3864.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; in which
the concurience of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 296) in relation to the fees and
emoluments of the marshal, attorney, and clerk
of the supreme courtof the Districtot Columbia,
and for other purposes; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 8) for the relief of the
State of Wisconsin.
ARMY NEWS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House for information the following
communication from the Secretary of War:
War Department,
Washington, June 15, 7 a. m.
Sir: The movement of the army of tlte Potomac to the
ooutn side ol liieliinoin!, acioss the Chicknhowuiy rmr
and James aver, Inn processed far rnou?ll to admit of the
publication of -oul>: general facts without danger ol pie-
litaHire di-closnie.
After several days' preliminary prepaiations the move-
ment commenced on Sunday insult. The eighteenth coiji^
under command ot Geneial Smith, matched to the Win c
House and lhen embaikedon transports (or B« muda Lai,<l-
iii-r. Wright's corps and Bnrriside's moved to Jones s
bridge, wheie they crossetl tile Clnckahominy and marched
theiice to Charles City, on tlte James nver. Hancock s and
Warren's euros closed the Cluckalimnmy at Long Bridge,
and marched thence to Wilcox's, on the James liver. J lie
James river was to be crossed 1)V the army at I osvhatan
P°A dispatch from General Crant, dated Monday evening, ,
halt past five o'clock, headquarters Wilcoi-'s Land m", say-. |
that the advance of our tump- had reached that |nace, aau
would commence crosMin? th« river to-tnotim\,
fTue*(i v.) thai Smith's eo p* would commence ariivm
at City Point that night, and that no fighting was iL-poueu
during the movement except a little cavaliy s«kn numbing
^On Tuesday afternoon, at one o'clock, General Grant was
at Bermuda Landing^ ' Fn a dispatch froni him ifcnfed'there
of that date he says': " Our farces will commence crossing
James river to-day. The en?my show no«igns of yethsiv-
iug brought uoop's to the^outh side ot Richmond. Our
movement from Cold Harbor to the James rivei has been
made with great celerity, aud so far without loss or acci-
deiit."'
An official dispatch dated at General Butler's headquar-
ters 2.20 p. in,, says that Smith's corps was coming In,
five thousand having already landed.
A dispatch fiom General Sherman's headquarter?, dated
at three o'clock yesterday afternoon, near Kenesaw, states
that the general 13 in fiont advancing his lines on Kefte-
saw. Another unofficial dispatch, dated at nine o'clock
last night, reports some advance to day; that Thomas baa
gained ground, and that one rebel brigade is nearly stlr-
rou tided, ft further states that the rebel General Polk was
killed to-day and hi? body sent to Mauetta. •
In another part of General Sherman's East Mississippi
division our forces have not met with the success that has
attended competent commanders. General Wa#hburne,
at Memphis, reports that the expedition,consisting ot tlnee
thousand cavalry, five thousand infantry, and sixteen
pieces of artilieiy, sent out from there under command of
Geneial Sturgis?, encountered a Jargerebel force on the 10th
instant, under command of Forrest, at Guntown, on the
railroad running south from Corinth, and after a severe
fight, 111 which our lo«s m killed and wounded was heavy,
oui troops were worsted, and that at the latest accounts
Sturgis was at Collieisville, retreating toward Memphis.
He further states that, with the troops that had lately ar-
rived, Memphis is sale.
General Sherman, having received news of Sturgis's de-
feat, reports that he has already made arrangements to
repair the disaster, and placed General A. J. Smith in com-
mand, who will resume the offensive immediately.
No other military intelligence has been received by this
Department since my last telegram.
EDWIN" M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker Ilouse of Representatives.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, from the Com-
miltee on Enrolled Bills, reported that thpy had
examined and I'ouiid truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No, 106) to prohibit certain sales of
gold and foreign exchange; and
All act (S. No. 982) to amend an actentitled "An
act to extend the time for the withdrawal of goods
from public stores arid bonded waiehouses,nnd
forotherpurposes/'approved February 29, 1864.
The hour of half past four havingarrived, the
House took a recess till half past seven.
EVENING SESSION.
The House, at half past seven o'clock, p. m.,
resumed its session.
BUSINESS OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House thatFnday evening
be setapart for the consideration of business from
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
NEW VOUK OUSTOJI-IIOUSK.
Mr. HULBURD, from the Committee,on Pub-
lic Expenditures, made a report in reference to
the New York custom-house; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
YILLA«1S OF CAIIOKIA.
Mr. MORRISON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
confiuning the proceedings of the inhabitants of
the village of Cahokia, in the State of Illinois,"
approved May 1, ]d20; which was read a first
and second tune, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lauds.
KHODA WOLCOTT.
Mr. HERRICK submitted the following priv-
ileged report:
The committee of conference on the ili=,mrei-in? votes
of the two Hull '!-: <ni the biil (H. XI. No. tor llie re-
lief of KhixiJ Woleott having nn't, h.ive, utter full .ma
fiee conleieiice, n reedto lecoimnend and do recommend
to their respeenvi; Hmi-es as follows :
That the House of Jiepresentatives do concur m the
amendment of the Senate with an amendment, as fol-
Strike out the words £< 1st day of January, 1^31," and
in lieu thereof mseit the words "Mill day ot November,
1860that the Senate do agree to the said amendment^
to the amendment of the Senate. ^ g pogTER)
It! G'.IATZ IsROVVX,
C. II. BUL-KAI.EW,
Itlanagers on the pent of the V'/ujte.
a'vSOV HUKRIOk,
JAMES T. HALE,
Managers on tie pail of the lloum.
The report was adopted.
