-2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
charge of its debts, at sales for that purposes but
there is no limitation upon the time that the asso-
ciations shall hold that real estate. The result
might be that these associations might become
large landholders, large monopolists of real estate,
and they would have the privilege of holding it
indefinitely. It seems to' me to be a mistaken
policy to authorize so gigantic an institution as
this an unlimited power to acquire, by purchase
at sales in discharge of its own debts, real estate,
and to hold that real estate indefinitely. My
fnnehiftuent proposes that no association shall
hold the title and possession of any real estate for
a longer period than five years. It may be con-
venient sometimes, and it may be necessary to
the interests of the institution, that it and some
of the associate institutions should have the priv-
ilege of purchasing real estate to satisfy their own
debts; but when they have made such purchases,
it seems to me that good policy, to prevent a
large and exorbitant accumulation of real property
in the hands of these associations, especially those
that may bo most wealthy, would require that
they be restricted as to the time that they may
hold the possession and title to the estate.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment does not ex-
cept the banking houses I think.
Mr. DAVIS. It relates only to the real estate
they may acquire by sales under judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be lead.
The amendment was pgain read.
Mr. SHERMAN". The clear legal effect of the
langonge would be to proveiit their hoUhng their
own banking house.
Mr, DAVIS. I thought 1 had made the pro-
vision in conformity to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, but I see I have not, and I will
now put it in this form:
Nor shall it hold the pos^e^inn of any r^ul estate uuiler
nioitgage ot hold the title ami tit'any re.il estate
pui-ehuned to retire any debts due to tl, for a longer period
than live years.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have kn invn in my own
practice cases where creditors have been unable
to sell property fora longer period than live years
by reason of the Ipws of the Slates. This pro-
vision may operate very injtiiimisiy ami be hard
on the hanks. They may not have the power
 o sell the properly under a foreclosure, or upon
«! judgment, or upon their lien within the five yeats
although they may advertise it every quarter day.
1 think the limitations contained in the hill are
ample. We provide, first, that they shall hold no
teal estate except for the accommodation of their
business its a banking house; second, that they
shall only take mortgages for preexisting debts,
thai they shall not take mortgages as securities
for debis but only fora preexisting debt; third,
they may hold real estate deeded to them in sat-
isfaction of a debt; fourth, that they may hold
land purchased at sales upon judgments, decrees,
and mortgages held by the association. I think
wo have limited them so far as any banking law
1 ever beard and probably a little further, i wish
to accomplish the object the Senator has in view,
to prevent ihe banks from accumulating a large
amount of real esmte, but I think the provision
proposed by him may lestram them or compel
them to sell unreasonably or may even impose
on them an impossible condition. 1 bare no ob-
jection to any leawneblu restuunt ott their ttequi- !j
Mtion ofle.d estate. If
Mr. DAVIS. As I understand the provisions H
in the bill,as explained by the Senator from Ohio, ||
th( re is no restriction upon any association as to li
the amount of real estate it may ptuchase in dis- '
chtuge ot its debts at a sale to satisfy its debts,
and there is no restriction as to the length of time |i
during which such property shall be held by the I1
association. So long, then, as the association !;
exists as a corporation, it may hold real estate to !!
any amount that it may puichase. A banking j'
-issociation authorized lo issue $300,000,000 of li
paper, located in its branches all over the United !j
States, might by the eft'ect of these provisions ae- !'
quire an enormous amount of real estate. 1 tit) ;|
not recollect exactly whether this general bank-
irig association is to exist forever or only for some !<
definite nurain r of years; but as long as the asso- li
■nation continues to have a legal existence, it may
purchase without limit real estate in satisfaction
of its debis, and it may hold all that it may thus
purchase as long as its legul existence continues,
it seems to toe ti.ut it wooui be impolitic ami
might turn out to be mischievous to allow a hank
thus indefinitely to acquire and indefinitely to hold
the tide and possession of real estate. I think it
isa monopoly in the acquisition of real estate that
ought not to be allowed to a bank. The time of
five yearn which I have fixed within which to
compelwto part with the title and possession of
real estate that it may purchase in satisfaction of
its debts, may be too short, but I should think it
would be ample. If that time is too short, let a
further extension within a reasonable period be
proposed. 11 seems to me that five years is ample
time to enable a bank to make every prudent and
proper arrangement in the disposition of any real
estate it may purchase in satisfaction of its debts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment to
offer, to come in at the end of the thirty-first sec-
tion:
But every association doing business under thi3 act thall,
within six months afterthe existing msunection and rebel-
lion shall have boon suppressed and the laws nf the United
States shall be duly and regularly executed in the States
where their execution irf now obstructed,redeem with gold
or silver eom of the United States their notes of cnculauon
at its own office.
Mr. President, I am no friend to Ibis measure,
and I never proless friendship to men or measures
unless 1 feel it. I entertain the deepest hostility
to this scheme, but still if it is to become a law
my desire is that it shall be as perfect of its kind
an practicable. I think the first amendment which
I suggested was proper,and will improve to some
extent the bill if it bccomee a law, and that the
bill will become a law I suppose there is no doubt.
The amendment that 1 now propose i think of the
most vital importance,
Theie never was a highly commercial country
on the earth that had for any considerable length
of time an irredeemable paper currency. There
is a higher and a more imperative law m relation
to currency than can be imposed by the legisla-
tion of the Congress of the United States, or even
by our Constitution, and that is the general law
of the world. By the universal practice, by the
inexorable judgment ot* the whole commercial
woihi from ancient times to the present, money,
the great irprewntativo of value, }ms been gold i
and silver com, There have been, to a limited
extent, exceptions m other metals throughout all
time as to comsof asmall fractional value, which
are made sometimes of copper and sometimes of
other metals; but the great currency, the great
representative medium, the money of the com-
mercial world, has always been in the main con- H
sututed of gold and stiver. It will remain ro in "
the future us it has been in the past. The Con-
gress of the United States cannot by its act change
that inexorable and uniform law of the woiid.
Whatever measure we may pass and whatever
ariangemente may he adopted by our Government
for the puipose of establishing a permanent irre-
deemable paper currency will prove futile and we
will have to return to the metallic standard. The
process of transition from a metallic currency to
irredeemable pauei is always attended with a vast
degree of inconvenience, of loss, and of rum; and
so is the transition back to a gold and silver or
mixed currency. There may be certain exigen-
cies, certain great necessities' m the condition of
a country, that leqniie a temporary resort to an
irredeemable paper cqirency, but whenever they
occur, as in our revolutionary war, they are of
temporary duration*, they are transitory and fu-
gitive m their nature; the exigency that demands
them must soon pass away; and then it is a law
of commerce and tiade, required by the universal
usage of the woi Id, that tiiu country having made i
this temporary insort shall return to the uniform 1
and universal money of gold and silver, a-;cord- i
ing to the practice nf all commercial nations.
The nation that persistently stood out against '
this general Uw of emrency would be subjected ;
to a c.ommeiciM outlawry.
I think u was a. great mistake, and a most mis- ;
ehievous policy on the paif of Congress, when :
two years ago we m.sorted to the issue of demand 1
notes, and made litem u substitute for a metallic ;
currency by making them a legal tender. I voted
for the Hirst piopoaition to issue demand notes,
and I voted for U, not that demand notes were, :
or could be made by a law of Congress, money '
in the sense of the Constitution of the United i
States, for I enteiUuned no such opinion as that. :
Top id-H of coining moii^y cut of pmxn*, in thp <
sense in which the Constitution and those who
made it understood the coinage of money, to my
mind was an absurdity; but from the condition
of the country at that time, the inability of our
Government to obtain money by loan from Eu-
rope, and the pressing demands, as represented
to us by the Secretary of the Treasury and his
friends in the Senate, for an immediate supply of
money to the amount of some twenty-five or
thirty or forty millions—I do not recollect the
exact sum—and the utter impracticability, as it
seemed to me, to obtain it in time to answer the ex-
treme exigencies of the Government in any other
mode, J was induced, against the powerful aigu-
ment of the honorable Senator fiom Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] to vote for the demand notes,
and to give them the characteristic of a legal
tender. The argument of the honorable Senator
staggered my mind in relation to the legality and
the constitutionality of making that kind of paper
a legal tender, even to answer any need of the Gov-
ernment, however extreme. I have investigated
the question more maturely since, and my sub-
sequent inquiries and reflections have satisfied
me beyond all doubt that there was no authority
in the Constitution for attempting by legislation
to give any such chaiactcr to our demand notes.
I see from a paper which has reached me this
morning from Ilentucky that one of our judges
has decided that the "greenbacks," as they are
termed, are not a legal tender, because they are
not money according to the sense in which the
Constitution of the United States uses that term,
and therefore that Congress, under its power to
coin money has no authority whatever to estab-
lish sucn a laboratory for irredeemable paper
money as now exists at the Treasury Depart-
ment.
The revolt to such a system ought never, ac-
cording to my poor opinion, to be tolerated unless
under the most exiseme and pressing necessity,
and a necessity of such a nature that the evils re-
sulting from the failure'to such resort would be
overwhelming, of such a character as beyond all
question vastly to outweigh any inconveniences
and injuries that might result fiom the resort to
an irredeemable paper.
Mr. Piesident, i have always entertained the
opinion, at least since th* decision of the case of
McCulloch vs. The State of Maryland, that for
the purposes of a fiscal agency Congress had a
right to charter a United States bank; but I have
doubted the power of Congress to authorize the
bank to issue a currency. That it would have the
power to give the other functions of a bank to its
fiscal agent for the convenience of the collection,
custody, disbursement, and transfer of its funds
from one point to another, I entertain no doubt;
but I seriously di&ti ust the correctness of the po-
sition that Congress, under the power "to coin
money and' regulate the value thereof,!,can resort
to any such indiiect and irregular power as to au-
thorize its fiscal agent to issue paper to circulate
as money, even though it is redeemable in gold
and silver; but that Congress have no power to
substitute a declared irredeemable paper money
as the medium of values, as the representative of
the commercial transactions of the country, under
its power " to coin money and regulate the value
theseof," in my own mind i entertain no doubt
whatever.
Well, n ovv, sir, this act proposes to organize
and give permanence to a gigantic association to
issue upon the basts of the bonds of the United
States a paper currency which is to exclude all
other paper currency, and itself to cany no obli-
gation or promise, nor to have any provision
whatever for its redemption in gold orsiiver. The
project is against the ussge, the practice, the
uniform, irreversible and immovable judgment
of the commetcia! worM, present and through all
the past ages, and will prove to be not only im-
practicable and worthless, but the cause of enoi-
mous disorder, mischief, and ruin in the public
affairs and private business of the whole country.
As long as it exists and operates it will exclude
from circulation the only legitimate measuje of
value, in which the balances of the trade of ail
nations are settled, and indispensably necessary
to the vast internal trade and business of the
United States, and substitute for it a spurious
paper currency whose daily fluctuations would
cause an amount of confusion, Joss, and ruin too
wide-sprend and great ro beo#>tiim\U d. It would
