1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
zeos of Nebraska are characterized by as much
moral' purity as those of any locality; but we
liave a great many renegades from Pennsylvania
and other States out there that we have to take
care of. [Much laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. They aro to go to Utah.
We have provided for them there.
Mr. DAILY. But we have to provide for
taking care of them while they are on their way.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, they will never stop in
such a barren, worthless country as that. [Re-
newed laughter.] However, the House may
consent to provide for that as they did for Utah.
The object is the same in both instances.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and ihe Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Norton reported that the
committee having according to order had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the bill of theHouse (No. 192) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 18G5, had_instructed him to
report the same back to the House with sundry
amendments thereto.
Mr.STEVENS. Thereare threeamendments
upon which we shall have to have a separate vote.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] indi-
cated his desire to have a vote upon the salary of
soihe watchman; and the amendments for peni-
tentiaries in Utah and Nebraska, I suppose, will
require separate votes. If there be no objection
I propose that weconcurin theotheramenilments
in gross.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to have a vote upon
this appropriation for the metropolitan police. I
propose to reduce the appropriation from $110,000
to #75,000.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no amendment
making such a proposition.
Mr, GRINNELL. I desired tomovesuchan
amendment m committee, bul.it was said that the
section had been passed. I thought it was un-
derstood I mis;ht offer it in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Then all there was of it
was that the gentleman wished to go back and
offer an amendment for which ho did not obtain
the consent of the committee.
Mr. GRINNELL. Not at all. I did propose
th<; amendment but through soino confusion it was
not voted on. { undiWood that I might oflVr it
in the House.
The SPlfiA KEft. The Chair will state that ho
is informed by the Clerk that no surh amend-
ment was received or ropnrt<id at ihe Clerk's desk
in commiitec.
Mr. GRINNttU,. II tope the gentleman will
give me an opportunity to move nn amendment
in regard to the metropolitan police.
Mr. STEVENS. I should be very glad to ac-
commodate the gentleman, but the rules of the
House will not permit it. Any amendment mak-
ing an appropriation must.be first considered m
Committee of the Whole.
There being no objection, the amendments re-
ported from the Committee of the. Whole on the
state of the Union, except the three designated,
were adopted jn gros<i.
Mr. S TEVENS. 1 now mov?c the previous
question on the bill and amendments. Inasmuch,
however, as we should probably find ourselves
without a quorum in voting upon those amend-
ments, i will ask that by general consent the bill
may go over until to-morrow morning.
No objection being; made, the bill was accord-
ingly postponed.
business on the hpeaiu'hl's table.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's tabic.
The motion was agreed to.
8tatk of nevada.
An act (S. No. 96) to enable the people of Ne-
vada to form a constitution ami State government,
and for the admission of such Stale into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States, was
taken from the Spt-akcr'a table, and read a first
and second time.
Mr. COX, I move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will suggest that the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories has just
stepped out to attend a funeral. If he were here,
1 know he would desire some other disposition of
the bill.
Mr. COX. I will then withdraw that motion,
and move to refer the bill to the Committee on
Territories.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
the Committee on1 Territories, having been just
passed in the call, will not be reached again for a
long time, if at all, during this session. It may
be well enough, therefore, to allow the bill to be
passed over, and be permitted to remain on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BEAMAN. 1 move to put the bill on its
passage.
Mr. COX. I want to examine that bill.
Mr. BEAMAN. Then I hope it will be al-
lowed to remain on the Speaker's table.
Mr. PENDLETON. Why not let it go over
to the day when we consider territorial business?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The chairman of the
Committee on Territories is necessarily absent,
and I ask by unanimous consent some day next
week be set apart for territorial business.
Mr. COX. What day?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Say Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. That has been fixed for the
consideration of business of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will say Thursday,
then.
Mr. COLE, of Washington. One day is not
enough. Say Thursday and Fiiday.
Mr. STEVENS. Let us have one day first.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Let us have Thursday,
with the morning hour, and I think we can get
through with the necessary territorial business.
I make that proposition.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider the
following bills postponed to Thursday next:
An act (S. No. 00) to enable the people of Ne-
vada to form a constitution and State government,
and for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States; and
An act (S. No. 97) to unable the people of Col-
orado to form a constitution and iStategovernment,
and for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider that vote; and
also moved that the motion lo reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
navah appoixtstents.
The next hill taken from the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 76, relating to appointments
in the naval service,and to courts-martial; which
was lead a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
acting assistant paymasters.
The next bill was Senate bill No. 108, relating
to acting assistant paymasters in the Navy, and
regulating the appointment of cadets in the Naval
Academy; which was icad a fust and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
10. 1\ and samuel a.wood.
The next bill was Senate bill No. 105, for the
reliefof E. F. and Samuel A. Wood; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
consolidation of land districts.
The next bill was Senate hill No. 117, to pro-
vide for the consolidation of certain surveyor gen-
erals'districts; which was lead a first and second
time, and refeired to the Committee on Public
Lands.
INDIAN INTEliCOURSlS ACT.
The next bill was Senate bill No. 1$) to amend
an act entitled " An act to regulate trade and inter-
course with Indian tribes, and to preserve peace
on the frontiers," approved June 00, 1&34; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON. I move that that bill be put on
its passage. It merely changes the act of 1834 so
as to confer jurisdiction on the circuitcourtas well
as the district court.
Mr. COX. Letit be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. There is no necessity for any
refeience.
Mr. COX. I do not make any captious ob-
jection, but the bill may have obnoxious provis-
ions in it, and we ought to have it considered.
We do not do our duty unless we ask for an ex-
amination of these bills.
Mr. WILSON. I have examined it, and it is a
mere copy of the act to which I have referred, ex-
cept that it provides that the circuit court may
have jurisdiction as well as the district court.
That is the only change.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I think that the bill should
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It strikes me that it gives the War Department
the monopoly of the liquor traffic among the In-
dians.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
On a division, there were—ayes 63, noes 23;
no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
Pendleton wereappointed.
The previous question was seconded, the tellers
having reported—ayes 64, noes 33; and the main
question was then ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. BLAIR, of West
Virginia, (at fifteen minutes past four o'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 11,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
The Secretary, (John W. Forney, Esq.)
The Secietary has received the following letter
from the Vice President:
Washington, March 11, 1864.
Sir: f shall be absent from the city to-day. Will you
please communicate the information to the Senate, and
oblige, yours truly, HANNIBAL IIAMLIN.
Colonel John W. Forney, Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, I move that Mr. Foot, of Ver-
mont, be appointed President pro tempore.
Tin*motion was agreed to; and Mr. Foot took
the chair and called the Senate to order.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following communication from the
President of the United States:
Executive Mansion, March 9, 1864.
To the Senate of the United States:
In compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the 1st
instant, inspecting the points of commencement of the
Union Pacific raihoad, on the one hundredth degree of
west longitude, and of the branch road, from the western
boundary ol Iowa to the said one huudiedth degree of lon-
gitude, I transmit the accompany trig report from the Secre-
tary of the, Interim? containing the information cailcd for.
I <1< em it pioper to add that, on the 17th day of Novem-
ber la-.!, an executive oidcr wa* made upon this subject
anddehveied to the vine president of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, winch fixed the point on the western
boundary of the State of Iowa from which the company
should conduct their branch load to the one hundiedth
degiee o! west longitude, and declared it to be within the
limits of the town-hip m Iowa oppo.Mte the town of Omaha
in Nebraska. Since then tin; company has repiesemed to
mc that upon tu'tuu! surveys made it has detetmined upon
the pieot^e point of departure of their said branch road fioiu
iheMi^ouii nver, and located the same as described in
the accompanying repott of the Secretary of the interim,
winch point is within the limits de>ign,tted in the oider of
November las!; and inasmuch as that order i* not of record
tn any of the Executive Dcpattments, and the company
having deMied a nmie definite one, 1 have made theoidei,
of which a eopy  * herewith, and canned the bame lo bo
filed in the Department ot the Interior.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that that communica-
tion, with the accompanying papers, be referred
loathe Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a joint resolution of
the General Assembly of the State of Iowa, rec-
ommending certain changes in the act of Coti-
giess, approved July 1,1862, establishing a Paoific
railroad and branches; which was referred to tliu
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
lo he printed.
He also presented a resolution of the General
Assembly of the State of Iowa, m favor of the
passage of a law granting; bounties to all soldiers
who have been mustered into the service of the
