THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15.
Mr. MKRRICK moved to reconsider the vote
by whi<Sh the report was adopted; and also laooved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILI,.
Mr. WILSON. I submit th« following priv-
ileged report.
The Cierk read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 40) entitled "An
act making appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of th'e Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 18§5, ^nd for other purposes," having met, after
a niH and free conference have agreed to recommend and
do recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from Us disagreement to the sec-
ond amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with
the following amendments: strike out the words "twenty •
five" and insert the word "thirteen strike out the word
" pupils" and insert the word " clerks."
That the House agree to the twenty-eighth amendment
of the Senate.
That the Senate recede from ail the twenty-ninth amend-
ment after the enacting clause, and that the following be
inserted in lieu thereof:
That the President be, and is hereby, authorized, when-
ever he shall think the public good will he promoted there-
by, to appoint consular clerk*, not exceeding thirteen in
number at any one time, who shall be citizens of the
United States, and over eighteen years of age at the time
of tl!« ir appointment, and shall be entitled to compensa-
tion for their services respectively at a rate not exceeding
$1,000 per annum, to be determined by the President, and
to assign such clerks from tune to tune to such consulates
and with such duties as he shall direct j and before the ap-
pointment of any such clerk shall be made, it shall he sat-
isfactorily shown to the Secretary of State, after due ex-
amination and icport by an examining board, that the
applicant is qualified and fit for the duties to which he
shall be assigned, and such report diall be laid before the
President. And no cierk so appointed shall be removed
from office except for cause stated in writing, which shall
be submitted to Congress at the session first lollowingsuch
removal.
That the Senate reccde from its thirtieth amendment.
That the House recede from its amendment to the thirty-
first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
lttA IJAIUUH,
P. G. VAN WINKLE,
Managers on the patt of the Senate.
JAMES F. WILSON,
GODLOVES. OUT EI,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WILSON. This is the same as the re-
port of the first committee of conference except
that part which relates to the Belgian minister.
That is stricken out. The Senate recede from
their amendment entirely. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. WJLSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARQUETTE AND ONTONAGON RAILROAD.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved, by unanimous con-
sent, to take up Se.nate joint resolution No. 64,
explanatory of an actenlitled "An act extending
the lime for the completion of the Marquette and
Ontonagon railroad of the State of Michigan."
The motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution was taken up, read a first
and second time, ordered to a third reading; and
Jt was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRESERVATION OF HARBORS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
take up and concur in the verbal amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 450, to provide for
the repair and preservation nf certain public
woiks of the United States.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. yvASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which these Senate amend-
ments were concurred in; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The iatter motion was agreed to.
STATE GOVERNMENT FOR COLORADO.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to take up Senate bill
No s!91, to amend an act entitled "An act to en-
able the people of Colorado to form a constitution
and State government, and for tlio admission of
such State into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States."
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It provides that so much of the fifth section of
the act to which this act is an amendment as pro-
vides by ordinance for submitting the constitu-
tion to the people of the State for their ratification
or rejection, at an election to be held on the second
Tuesday of October, be so amended as to road
on the second Tuesday in September.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WISCONSIN.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved, by unanimous con-
sent, to take from the Speaker's table Senate joint
resolution No. 8, for the relief of the State of Wis-
consin.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was taken up, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CIIEROKEES.
Mr. BOYD presented the memorial of the chief
of the Cherokee nation, &c., which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent that
the Senate amendm'ents to the tax bill be consid-
ered in the House as in Committee of the Whole
under the five minutes rule.
Mr. SHANNON. Will this interfere with the
Pacific railroad bill ?
The SPEAKER. That will come up in the
morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. X hope the
gentleman from Vermont will continue the con-
sideration of the tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 hope it will be disposed of
this evening, and then the Pacific railroad bill
will be the next business in order.
The SPEAKER. The parliamentary ruling
would be that the morning hour commcnces this
evening, in winch the Pacific railroad bill is m
order. If the tax bill is taken up, and the House
adjourn with the bill undisposed of, it would
come up as unfinished business to-morrow for
one hour, and after the morning hour the day is
assigned to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL. If gentlemen desire an early
adjournment 1 hope they will take up this bill and
consider it first. It is important that it should be
sent to the Senate, as they have nearly got through
with the tariff bill. °
Mr. VV ASHBURNE, of illinois. I hope the
House will proceed with this now.
Mr. COLE, of California. I hope this evening
will be devoted to the tax bill, and then again to-
morrow evening, and from evening to evening
until disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that an arrangement
should be made by which the Pacific railroad bill
shall come up to-morrow morning.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 hope we shall get through
this bill to-night.
The SPEAKER. Is there unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of the tax bill?
Mr. SHANNON. If it be understood that if
the bill is not finished to-night it shall go over
until to-morrow evening, I will not object.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I will'not
consent to anything which overrides the tax bill.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent that
the Pacific railroad bill shall be considered to-
morrow evening.
There was no objection, and it was so agreed.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
Mr. LOAN. I rise to a privileged question. I
desire to have my colleague,Mr.Knox,sworn in
as a member of the House.
Mr. Samuel I£nox was then qualified by taking
the oath prescribed by the act of July 2, 1882.
INTERNAL REVENUE—AGAIN.
The House, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to the consideration of the Senate amendments to
the bill (H. R. No. 40f>) to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee of Waya
and Means recommend a concurrence in about
three hundred and ninety-four of the amendments
of the Senate, a non-concurrence in about two
hundred and forty-two, and a concurrence in about
a dozen with amendments. I desire to say that
the committee would propose some amendments
to many of the amendments wherein they recom-
mend a non-concurrence; but some of them are
important and some are unimportant, and they
thought the matter could be better arranged in a
committee of conference. They ask that a vote
in gross be taken on all the amendments in which
we propose a concurrence, except such as gentle-
men may desire a separate vote on. That the
House may know what the amendments are in
which we ask a concurrence and in which a non-
concurrence, I send the report to the Clerk'sdesk
to be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Whatcourse
does the gentleman propose?
Mr. MORRILL. A vote first on concurring
in the three hundred and ninety-four amendments
except such as gentlemen may desire a separate
vote on.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Whatis the
recommendation in reference to taxing whisky on
hand?
Mr. MORRILL. The committee recommend
a concurrence with the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask a sep-
arate vote on that early and often. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. With the permission of'
the gentleman from Vermont I desire to inquire
what effect the arrangement entered into in refer-
ence to this bill will have upon the Military Com-
mittee's business?
The SPEAKER. If the House adjourn to-
night with the tax biJl undisposed of jt comes
up as unfinished business to-morrow morning,
and remains before the House until it is disposed
of, unfinished business having priority of all busi-
ness except privileged questions and questions of
privilege. If there was a morning hour to-
morrow, which never occurs when there is un-
finished business, the day after that morning hour
would be devoted to the business reported from
the Military Committee,
Mr. GARFIELD. I stated at the time that I
objected to any arrangement which would inter-
fere with the business pertaining to the Military
Committee.
The SPEAKER. That is true, when the -first
proposition was pending; subsequently another
proposition was made and unanimously agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I intended my objection to
extend to all such arrangements.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman so to object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us go
ahead with this, and we will soon get through
with the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. "Will we get through to-
night?
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Wewill try.
Mr. GARFIELD. If we get through to-night
will the Military Committee have to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour.
The Clerk will now read the listof amendments
in which the Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommend concurrence.
The Cierk proceeded to read the list, giving
only the numbers of the amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must cali for the reading
of all the amendments.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that demand. There are six hundred
and thirty-six amendments, and we shall never
get through. Let the .Clerk read the numbers
slowly, so that members can keep the run of
them.
Mr. HOLMAN. We cannot understand what
we are doing in that way.
Mr. FERNANDO'WOOD. The bill is too
important to be passed in that manner. I de-
mand the reading of each amendment.
The amendments of the Senate in which the
Committee of Ways and Means recommended
concurrence were then read and concurred in nm.
con. by the House, except in the following in-
stances in which special action was taken:
Thirty-first amendment:
On page 3 3, Une eighteen, stiike out the worda "false01
fraudulent."
