THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t-
THB OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF OONG-RESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EI YES, WASHING^Qff, D. C..
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1863.
!NEW SEM£S...1.NO. 1.
This is the first number of The Congressional Globe
for this session—the fir^t of the Tliiity-Etghtli Congress.
It is stereotyped, and therefore the back numbers can be
Bupplied at any time. Missing numbers, containing sixteen
pages, will be seat to subscribers at three cents a num-
ber.
The price of The Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix for this session is $6.
These vvork*; go fiee by mail to any post office in the
United States, by act of Congress.
THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS.
FIRST SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 7, 1863.
This being the day prescribed by the Consti-
tution of the United States for the meeting of
Congress, the Senators assembled in the Senate
Chamber at twelve o'clock, meridian.
SENATORS PRESENT.
The following Senators were present. From
the State of
Maine—Hon. Lot M. Morrill and Hon. Wil-
liam Pitt Fossenden.
*Neio Hampshire—Hon. Daniel Clark and Hon.
John P. Halo.
Vermont—Hon. Solomon Footand Hon. Jacob
Col la me r.
Massachusetts—Hon. Henry Wilson and Hon.
Charles Sumner.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry B. Anthony and
Hon. William Sprague.
Connecticut—Hon. James Dixon and Hon. La-
fayette S. Foster.
JVfoo York—Hon. Ira Harris and Hon. Edwin
D. Morgan.
Neto Jersey—Hon. John C. Ten Eyck.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Edgar Cowan and Hon.
Chai les R. Buckalow.
Delaware—ilon. James A. Bayard and Hon.
Wiliard Saulshury.
Maryland—Hon. Reverdy Johnson and Hon.
Thomas H, Hicks.
Virginia—Hon. John S. Carlile and Hon. Lem-
uel J. Bowden.
Kentucky—Hon. Lazarus W. Powell and Hon.
Garrett Davis.
Ohio—Hon. John Sherman and Hon. Benjamin
F. Wade.
Indiana—Hon. Henry S. Lane and Hon.
Thomas A. Hendricks.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trumbull.
Michigan—Hon. Zachariah Chandler.
Iowa—Hon. James llarlan and Hon. James
W. Grimes.
IVisconsin—Hon. JamesR.Doolittlc and Hon.
Timothy O. Howe.
California—Hon. James A. McDougall.
Minnesota—Hon. Morton S. Wilkinson and
Hon. Alexander Ramsey. *
Kansas—Hon. Samuel C.Pomeroyand Hon.
James H. Lane.
Oregon—Hon. James W. Nesmith and Hon.
Benjamin F. Harding.
SENATORS ABSENT.
The following Senators were absent:
lion. Jacob M. Howard, of Michigan; Hon.
William A. Richardson, of Illinois; and Hon.
William Wiugiit, of New Jersey.
PRAYER.
Rev. Byron Sunderland, D.D., (Chaplain to
the Senate during the Thirty-Seventh Congress,)
offered the following prayer:
Glory be to Thee, 0 God, the Father of men
and the Ruler of nations, that, though the storm
drives on, the Republic still lives. Not yet has
foundered our ship of State. Glory be to Thee,
Thou great Pilot, of our fearful voyage, that hast
upheld him who holds the helm, and with him all
that have watched with him through the long and
dreary night of our country's disasters—the Cabi-
net, me Congress, the judges and counselors, the
Army and Navy, and the great loyal people, all
behind them. Glory be to Thee for this free city
in which their representatives this day rmiet.
Glory be to Thee for the flying folds of the starry
banner which Thou didst give for an ensign to
our fathers, still streaming above the Capitol and
the conclave now here assembled; and we do be-
seech and pray Thee that the statue of Liberty
that now crowns this temple of the nation, up-
lifted in the utmost majesty of human undertak-
ing, as it shall greet all eyes, may betoken for-
ever that grander and mightier spirit which shall
walk in the air we breathe, and march upon the
mountains and the plains, upon the streams and
lakes of all the land, and dwell in all the house-
holds and hearts'of the people—the spirit of a
nobler justice and a freer franchise towards all the
tribes of men. We beseech Thee, 0 Lord, to
recover the President from his present illness
again to health. Bless Thy servant presiding in
this Ilall. Prepare the Senatois and Representa-
tives for the great work which is before them.
Be sword and shield to our men in battle; succor
them that suffer in camp, or hospital, or prison,
or that hide away from bitter persecution in the
wilds and solitudes of nature; and solace ail that
weep and pray for them in their distance and sepa-
ration; and be Thou still our Advocate and De-
fender before the kingdoms of the world, to redeem
us from sin, to purify, exalt, and perpetuate us to
the honor of Thy name in all the earth. Through
Jesus Christ. Amen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The time specified
in the Constitution for the assembling of Congress
having arrived, the Senate will now please come
to order.
CREDENTIALS OP NEW SENIORS.
Mr. COLLAMER.. I desiie to present the
credentials of the Senators elect from the State
of West Virginia, and to announce to the Chair
that they are present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The credentials
will be read.
The Secretary read the credentials of Hon.
Waitman T. Willey and Hon. Peter G. Van
Winkle, elected by the Legislature of West
Virginia for such terms in the Senate as they
may be respectively assigned to according to the
Constitution.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 desire to present the cre-
dentials* of Hon. John Conness, Senator elect
from the State of California. I ask that they be
read and placed on the files, and that the oath of
office be administered to him.
The Secretary read the credentials of Mr. Con-
ness, elected by the Legislature of the State of
California for the term of six years, commencing
on the 4th of March, 1863.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the following resolution
and order in respect to the classification of the
Senators from West Virginia; it is in the usual
form 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senators
are present whosecredentials have been presented,
they will please come forward and be qualified by
taking the required oath of office.
Messrs. Willey, Van Winkle,and Conness
advanced to the President's desk.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire what motion is
before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT, There is no motion
before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire what proceeding
the Presidentof the Senate proposes now to take?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sug-
gested that the Senators wh.ose credentials had
been presented should come to the Chair and take
the oath required to enable them to enter upon
the discharge of their official duties; and they,
as the Chair now understands, are present, and
ready to take the oath.
Mr. DAVIS. M.. President, in relation to the
Senators ftom West Virginia I object to such a
proceeding, and upon that I ask for a division of
the Senate. I hold that there is, legally and con-
stitutionally, no such State in existence as the
State of V West Vlr^inia/^apdcpiBsequently that
no Senators from such a State ' . ' ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Kentucky suspend his remarks jfor 9. 'mq-
nient, and. allpw.thephair to adipainister theoatfi
of office to the Senator from California, to whoig
his objection does not apply?
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that, t
was gping to propose that the proceedings should
be separate.
The VICEPRESIDENT administered theoath
to supnort the Constitution of the United States^
and also the oath of office prescribed by the.act
of July 2, 1862, to Mr. Conness, and he took his
seat in the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. Before proceeding to the cpnsI4-
eration of the question raised by the Senator from
Kentucky, I desire to present the credentials of
Mr. Henderson, Senator elect from the State of
Missouri; and I ask that they be read, and the
oath administered to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The credentials
will be read, the Senator from Kentucky waiving
his right to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly
The Secretary read the credentials of Hon.
John B. Henderson, elected by the Legislature
of Missouri a Senator from that State for the term
of six years, from the 4th of March, 1863.
The VICE PRESIDENT. IftheSenatorfrom
Missouti will comc forward to the Chair, the
proper oath of office will be administered to him.
Mr. IlENDERsoNadvanced to the desk, and the
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and the oath of office prescribed by the act
of July 2,1862, having been administered to him,
he took his seat in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is not my pur-
pose 011 making this objection to occupy any great
portion of the time of the Senate. My object is
simply to raise a question to be put upon the rec-
ord, and to have my name as a Senator recorded
against the recognition of WestVirgimaasa State
of the United States. I have been taught to be-
lieve, and I am still of the opinion, that as yet there
is but one State of Virginia, legally and constitu-
tionally. I do not believe that the Old Dominion,
like a polypus, can be separated into different seg-
ments, and each segment become a living, consti-
tutional organism, in this mode. The question
of erecting West Virginia into a separate State was
mooted some twenty years ago in theother House
of Congress, of which at that time it was my for-
tune to be a member. To that proposition I was
always friendly,and I still believe thatthatportion
of our common country ought to constitute a sepa-
rate and independent State; but I believe that that
Slate ought to be created in strict conformity to the
Constitution, and that the present State of " West
Virginia," as it has been organized, and as it ip
seeking ^presentation on the floor of the Senate,
is in flagrant violation of the Constitution. I there-
fore call for a division of the Senate, and ask for
the yeas and nays upon the question of admitting
the gentlemen who present themselves as Sena-
tors from the State of West Virginia, to take their
seats as members of this body.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, what is
the question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair, there is no question before the
Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then let the gentlemen
be sworn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The object of the
Senator from Kentucky may be reached by a
specific motion; but there is no motion before
the Senate now. The ordinary course is to ad-
minister the oath to Senators elect whose creden-
tials have been presented, and that is the duty of
the Chair; but if a resolution prescribing a dif-
ferent course be interposed, it then becomes the
duty of the Chair to present that resolution to the
Senate. Nothing of the kind is before the Senate
now; there is now no motion before the body.
