1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tear
had been employed the red tape of bureaucracy
would not allow the energy and dispatch required
for such an undertaking. Besides, the law regu-
lating the receipts and disbursements of public
money presented insuperable barriers to a direct
negotiation of the loan between the Treasury and
the people. By law nothing but money can be re-
ceived at the Treasury. .No bank bills, drafts,
checks, certificates, or any of the varied forms of
commercial paper could be received in thp Treas-
ury in payment of this loan, and without the
agency of these it would have been impossible for
the people to have transmitted their money to the
Treasury without incurring an expense and risk
in the form of express charges, exchange, danger
of loss, and the like, that would have defeated the
loan.
When these difficulties became obvious, and
only then, the Secretary resorted to private en-
terprise, and selected Jay Cooke—a gentleman
of established credit, of known energy—and con-
tracted for the smallest compensation, it is be-
lieved, ever paid for negotiating a large loan by
any Government. To try the experiment, the
amount to be negotiated was first limited to
$10,<000,000, and afterwards extended as it proved
successful. Under this arrangement was organ-
ized the vast machinery that resulted in enlisting
every bank and banker, and almost every news-
paper in the United States, in advocating the loan.
The agent shored his commission with any re-
sponsible bank, banker, or individual, who would
aid him and advertise the merits of the loan in
all newspapers without regard to politics, until
the five-twenty loan and its merits stared in the
face of the people in every household from Maine
to California. Thus was established this agency;
and what was the result? The people everywhere,
in all parts of the country, came with their little
earnings, some more, some less, and poured them
into the Treasury, taking in return the pledge of
the Government to repay their loans. The money
of the people in little streams and rivulets poured
into the national Treasury, and thus sustained
the national life. Sir, it was only through a pri-
vate agency that, under existing laws, the Secre-
tary could reach out and receive these loans of
the people; and he would have been wanting in
the first requisite of his office if, cripplcd by pre-
cedent or controlled by capital, he had failed to
make the effort.
But the Senator says that an enormous com-
mission was given to Jay Cooke & Co., and that
it was done secretly; that the bankers in the
West did not know that Jay Cooke & Co. re-
ceived this commission. The Senator is mis-
taken. The amount paid to Jay Cooke was
published in the newspapers, was known as
publicly and broadly as the five-twenty loan; and
not only so, but every bank and banker, and
every agent who was employed in the negotia-
tion of the loan, received two thirds of the very
commission that the Senator talks about. The
entire expense to the United States of negotiating
the loan was limited to three eighths of one per
cent., and every bank and banker employed re-
ceived one fourth of one per cent., so that there
was left to Cooke only one eighth of one per cent.
Out of the commission allowed the agent paid
all the expenses of this loan. Let us see the na-
ture of these expenses. He paid a large part of
an extensive system of advertising, a part being
paid by the local agents. He paid for the distri-
bution of pamphlets and tracts, and the postage
on them, spread broadcast over the country. He
paid the express charges for transmitting the
bonds from this cify to the most remote parts of
the country, and in sums so small that in many
cases these charges alone far exceeded the entire
commission. He paid the large expenditure
caused by the management and distribution of
this loan, involving frequent correspondence with
twenty-five hundred agents, the postage and tele-
graphing alone amounting to laige sums. He
organized a corps of business men and clerks, for
each of whom he was responsible, and who,
from this fact, and from the opportunity and
temptation of peculation, he had to select with
great care and at large salaries. I have no data
from which to state thcseexpenditures, but I leave
each Senator to conjecture the amount.
Aside from these'expenses, al! of which were
pnid out of the commission, remember the fearful
risk this agent assumed. He not only staked his
personal fortune, said to be large, but he was re-
quired by the Secretary to give, and did give, addi-
tional security in the form of a bond and collaterals
to the amountof more than a million dollars. By
the necessities of the business he was compelled to
receive as money all forms of commercial paper,
drafts, checks, and certificates, drawn in remote
States and villages, and to negotiate and collect
these by lus own personal responsibility. He
could not pay these into theTreasury, but was re-
quired to pay money," lawful money of the Uni-
ted States," and the subscription was only com-
plete when this actual money was paid into the
Treasury. Bank bills would not answer,and we
know from the public journals thatUnited States
money, or greenbacks, were every whei e held in
prefeience to bank bills or drafts. And yet he had
to make the conversion at his own risk, and if any
loss occurred by counterfeit bills or broken banks,
by forgery or fraud, he had to deduct it from their
one eighth of one per cent, commission. It was
this difficulty of using bank or commercial paper
in dealing with the United States that made the
employment of intermediate private agencies in
negotiating this loan not merely a choice of expe-
dients, but an absolute necessity, and for this pro-
vision of law the Senator is far more responsible
than f, as I believe he has always supported the
sub-Treasury law.
Again, sir, in the change of commercial money
into United States money there was often neces-
sarily a loss of interest. This might not be no-
ticed in the transactions of an individual, but when
it is remembered that one week's mterestis equiv-
alent to the netcommission received by the agent,
it will be perceived that this necessary loss is im-
portant. All these facts, with many others that do
not no w occur to me—for this debate is sprung u pon
me—entered into the view of the Secretary when
he rtjade this arrangement, and I submit if it is
just or fair to arraign him on a charge involving
liis integrity when it is apparent that m the whole
transaction he studiously guarded the public inter-
ests, and secured a successful loan on the most
favorable terms.
It must be remembered that the agent did not
get commission on all the five-twenty loan. One
hundred and forty-seven million five hundred and
sixty-seven thousand four hundred dollars of it
was Kubsci ibed directly with the Assistant Treas-
urers and depositaries, for which, though secured
mainly through his exertions, he received no com-
pensation at all. The subscriptions made through
the general agent amounted in exact figures to
$361,827,950. The aggregate expenses incurred
in disposing of this sum is $1,331,372 84, of which
one thud was paid to the general agent for his
compensation. The loan reached, in the aggre-
gate, $510,139,400, and the total expense was
$>1,452,598 17, or a fraction less than thiee tenths
of one pei cent., or eighteen days'interest on the
loan. And for this cost to the Government the
agent incurred fearful risks, and paid enormous
sums for adveitising, telegraphing, expressing,
postage, and eleik hire, and placed the money
in the Treasury without the loss to the United
States of a single dollar, the delay of a single day,
or the interruption of any of the ordinary busi-
ness of the Treasury Department.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did they pay all the expenses
out of their percentage?
Mr. SHERMAN. They paid all the expenses
out of their commission. 11 cost the United States
not one dollar, not one cent, except the commis-
sion of threeeighths of one per rent., two thirds
of which was allowed to the local agents all over
the United States. The Senator from Indiana says
this wa# done secretly. I will venture the asser-
tion that in the city in which he lives every bank
and banker was employed and knew aM about the
terms of the loan, and received two thirds of the
commission for their own services.
Mr. President, grave chaiges of thin kind ought
not to be made against public servants unless
there is good ground for them. I say that Gov-
ernor Chase never resorted to this admirable mode
of negotiating a loan until all other means had
been tried and failed. I will further say that no
loan has .ever been negotiated by any Govern-
ment m the world at a less expense than that at
which this loan has been placed in the hands of
the people.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was it all taken at par?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was all taken at par,
every dollar of it. I have examined the .loans
made by the British and French Governments, and
I find that the ordinary allowance there in the
form of expenses is from one halfof one percent,
to one per cent., and besides, various facilities are
allowed. The saving in the mere matter of ex-
change to the Government is equal to one half of
one per cent. The saving of interest was very
great. These bonds were never issued for some
days and sometimes weeks after the Government
actually received the money. They were dated
as of the time when the. money was paid into the
sub-Treasury. All the toss of exchange, all the
loss in transmitting the money to the Government,
fell upon private individuals, or upon these agents;
and that alone, if the business had been carried on
by the Government, would have amounted to fully
one half of one per cent.
I trust, therefore, that the Senator from Indi-
ana will now, in the face of these statementsknown
to every person who has taken any part in ne-
gotiating this loan, withdraw the insinuation he
has made against the Secretary of the Treasury.
So far from favoring the general agent to the det-
riment of the public service, it will be found that
he lias held him to a stiict accountability, and I
shall be very willing to have any inquiry made
as to the negotiation of this loan, and whether he
lias realized as the result of his labor and risks
more than a reasonable compensation. He was
a wealthy banker in the city of Philadelphia; his
fortune was made before this war commenced.
The Secretary employed him precisely as he
would employ any other agent of the Govern-
ment. He was induced to employ him because
he was active, efficient, able, and expert in the
negotiation of the seven-thirty loan, and he only
employed him after every other expedient had
failed; and the result of this employment was a
most admirable and wonderful success. Sir, if
two years ago,when weauthorized thefive-twenty
loan, any man had then said to me that the whole
of that loan would be taken at par, and that our
bonds would now be above par, 1 should have
believed it to be impossible; and yet such has
been the result.
The Senator from Indiana says not one kind
woid of the Secretary of the Treasury for main-
taining the credit of this Government through all
this period of unparalleled expenditure. He has
not for that officer one single word of commenda-
tion. He merely throws out an insinuation that
the Secretary has enriched private individuals at
the expense of the Government, that he has se-
lected private citizens, and at the expense of the
Government has heaped treasure upon them.
This is totally gratuitous.
I ask him now in candor, what other course
could have been pursued? Suppose Mr. Chase
had advertised in the city of New York the five-
twenty loan, how much of it would have been
taken ? New York only contains about one sev-
enth of the circulating fluid of the country, or, if
I may use that term, the blood of the country,
the money of the country; the plan of negotia-
ting only in the city of Now Yoik would have
been like thatformerly adopted in France, of only
negotiating in the city of Paris. It was Louis
Napoleon—and to hint I give much mpre credit
forabihty than do many of my countrymen—who
appealed from the Paris Bourse to the people of
France. He resorted to precisely the same ex-
pedient that was resorted to here. He invited
loans from all parts of France-, he took one hun-
dred francs from the poorest laborer in any por-
tion of France, and gave him the Government
rentes for it. So the Secretary of the Treasury,
instead of going into the glutted market of New
York, where business had been accumulated to a
great extent by the war, left that field and gave
the people of New York only the same advant-
age which was given to all other citizens. The
Secretary selected an agent who, from his purity
of character, from the Tact that he had held no
office of the Government, from his active effi-
ciency in negotiating former loans, from his un-
doubted character and standing in the city of
Ph iladelphia, where he had lived for over twenty
years, as a successful banker, would be likely to
succeed in distributing the loan and inducing peo-
ple to take it. The Secretary selected him, and
upon a commission announced beforehand to be
divided by him with all the different banks and
agents throughout the country he negotiated the
