2624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
take it as a matter of course that an offer by the
Governors of these Stairs which is accepted by
the President, and a general order issued in pur-
suance of that acceptance, amounts to a call. H
is a rail even m the technical sense. He may call
for the mihtia of one State, or of one State and a
portion of another State, or of three States; so that
there is n« doubt about the power.
Mr. HENDERSON. While the Senator is on
that point, lest 1 should forget it, permit me to
ask him if an order has been issued by the Pres-
ident on this subject, I have seen no such order,
and I have looked to this matter because I was as-
tonished at the proposition when i first heard of
it. But I have not seen any order from the Pres-
ident to this effect, and i desire to know if such
an order lias been issued.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 can only refer the Senator
to the Military Committee. I suppose as a mat-
ter of course that such an order has been issued,
because we are asked by the Depariment for this
appropriation. That of itself is sufficient; and 1
know as a matter of public notoriety that the mi-
litia of my own State have responded in regiments
to this call,and are to-day being mustered into the
service of rhe United Status.
Mr. rJBNOEliyON. Let me ask the Senator
if tho miluiuof Ohm were notbemg mustered into
service by th« Governor of the State of Ohio pre-
vious to the date of the letter of the Secretary of
War, the 25'h of April?
Mr. SHERMAN. The militia of Ohio was or-
ganized under a law of the State a year or two ago.
Mr. H ANDERSON. Did not this recent mus-
ter by the Governor take place before the date of
the See eiiuyletter?
Mi.SHERMAN. No, sir; it is taking place
in con.s) <juenee of thiscaii. Govei nor Broach tele-
graphed a very patriotic order Irom here, which
1 suppose has been seen by Senators, which has
been published in the Ohio papers,calling on the
enrolled militia to turn out. A number of the
militia of Ohio are ready now and probably mus-
tered into the service. The only question is
whether we shall deny to these ni"n the pay pro-
vkhd hyhuv. On that question I have no doubt.
Mr.GRIMES. It seems to me there is a very
small question befoie us. It is admitted on all
hands lhat tiie President has the authoi ity to c.di
for iheso tio<i|>«*. lie is (ho Commander-in-Chief
of the At my, and authorized by the laws that w*
have ourselves enacted to call for them. A nil
now the question simply is, will we pay for them
«#fter they have thus been legally called for by the
President <*f the United States?
Mr. HENDERSON. Where la the evidence
that they have been called for?
Mr.LANE, of Indiana. They have been regu-
kiily culled for by the Secretary of War, who
issued the call with the indorsement of the Gov-
ernoisof these several States; and in accoulaneo
with that call very many of these men have vol-
unteered. I\-ihaps more than ten thousand in
my own State have been mustered in.
JMr. GRIM ES. That seems to put to rest the
question as to whether they have been regularly
called for by the Commander-in-Chief of the
Ai my and Navy of the United States; and now
the question is, whether we will do our duty by
making the necessary appropiiation, in Older to
pay tin-si' troops after they have thus been regu-
larly called for. We may enteitam whatever
- opinions we see lit individually or as a body as
to the value of these tioops when they aie culled
out; but it matteis not what may be our opinion
on thai point: the person who is constituted by
the Constitution and the laws ol the 0 mted States
the prop< r authority to determire their value baa
bt-tiled ihat question.
The Senator from Missouil will, I trust, per-
mit me to refresh bis memory a little in regard
to the battle of Wilson's Creek. Jf 1 remember
coincily, seveial of those mdepeiKJent compii-
ni'-s from the city of St. Louis, who loughtso
v/eli and to whom is to be attnbutcu, in his esti-
mation, that victory, were under the command
<>f General Sigel, and made a detour around the
force of the enemy and did not acquiie any par-
Ucular £;Ioi y,
Mr. HENDERSON. I doshe to it k the Sen-
ator fiom iuwa if lie understood me to take the
glory of th;if batik' f >r Mi^oui i tioops.
Mr. GRIAIES. That. wa« the f_ur inference
ihaf u tu to be lira w i- *rem the Senate's rem^i ks.
Mr. HENDERSON. I neither said then nor
do I say n<>w anything fiom which such an infer-
ence could be drawn.
Mr. GRIMES, i am indebted to the Senator
for correcting nie, for certainly such was the im-
pression I had from his remarks.
Mr. HENDERSON. You will find that no
such inference can be drawn from my language
as reported.
Mr. GRIMES. In the first place, the Senator
failed to allude to any other troops than those of
Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understood the Sena-
tor to ask me m regard to my own personal knowl-
edge of the length of time the troops of Missouri
engaged in that batilo had been in the service. I
stated distinctly that 1 could not tell in reference
to the troops of Iowa, but only in reference to the
troops of my own State. Of course I had no per-
sonal knowledge of the Iowa troops.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there were two Kan-
sas regiments m that battle; one, certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. Two.
Mr. HENDERSON, i believe that to be the
cape.
. Mr. GRIMES. And there was one from the
State which 1 have the honor in part to represent.
Neither one of those regiments had been in the
service, I think not even the Missouri regiments,
butceitamly neither the Kansas nor Iowa regi-
ments, hnd been in the service exceedingone hun-
dred or one hundred and two days. I believe the
regiment from my State staid in the service twelve
days over t heir time for the sake of having a fight.
Mr. POMEROY. That battle was fought on
the 10' h of August,and the Kansas regiments en-
gaged in it had been in service only thirty days.
Mr. HENDERSON. I iksne to state oricc lor
ail, if the Seitatoi will peinut me, that the tioops
on the otlur side at Wilson's Cieek were just
as raw as our tioops, and the whole argument
amounts to nothing. 1 do not know that there
was anything veiy glorious in the battle. If there
wns any glory about it the glory was just as much
shaied by the raw troops on the rebel side as on
ow own. I suppose it was a victm y for the reb-
els. However, they had some three or four to
one of our troops. I know there was some very
inave lighting done thei e. I know that ihere whs
some very btave lighting by the Iowa regiment,
because I believe General Lyon was leading the
Iowa men at the tune he fell. I think that was
the case; and I do not wish to detract anything
from the Iowa troops; but that, is no argument in
favor of the employment of these one hundred
thousand troops now, because the rebels were
then just as raw as our own men.
Mr. GRIMES. It only shows that these troops
will fight if you put them in the right positions,
and if they are properly handled. Why, sir, at
the battle of Gettysburg, as I understand, thiee
regiments from the State of Vermont stood in the
forefront of the fight,and no troops behaved moie
bravely or rendered the country more service than
those icgiments did from Vermont, fieshly re-
cruited irom the Green mountains. It depends
altogether on the character©f the man who handles
the troops. Whatevei may be our opinions as to
the value of these troops when biought into the
public sei vice—and we do not know in fact where
they are going to be placed; we do not know
whether they are going to be placed m fortifica-
tions that are alum^t impregnable now or not—it
r.ertns to me tbeie i.o only one eourse for us to
puisne, and that is to pass the appropriation that
is asked Jor to pay them, they having been, as all
admit, legally and constitutionally called into the
public service.
Mr. CAKLILE. Mr. President, if the history
that we get of this cnil in the papers be cotrect,
the*e cannot be veiy many of these troops as yet
mustered into the service under it. It has oniy
b'.'i i) about a week or ten aays since the Gov-
ernoi,-. of these States made ibis Visit. This call
did not proceed upon the motion of the President
himself, upon whom the law confers tiie power
to cait^odt the miiitia of the States; but these
Governors assemble m the city of Washington
and ask the Piesident if they may bring into the
service of the United States for one hundred days
one hundred thousand men from the different
States. To this proposition of these Governors,
after a day or two, we are informed, the Presi-
dent hua uss-siited.
Now, sir, although, strictly speaking, the law
may confer on the President this power, which
is given to him to provide for emeigencies when
the exigencies of the country will not admit even
of a consultation of the representatives with the
people, I think it would have been at least re-
spectful on the part of the Executive to consult
with that department of the Government to whom
belongs exclusively the right of imposing taxes
on tiie ppople to pay the expenses of these calls
befoie he assented to this proposition made to
him by the Governors of the States. I am there-
fore disposed to let this matter stop here at this
point—the call being acknowledged to be within
the power of the President—to meet the expenses
already incurred and which it may be incumbent
on Congress to bear; but stop it heie. Let us m
that way expiess our opinion to the Piesndent
that when the representatives of the people are
assembled in the Capitol of the nation he should
consult with them befoie he accepts propositions
made to him by the Governors of the sevcial
States for incurring an unknown liability. A
proposition like this places the Treasury of the
Union directly under the control and power of the
President, who it was intended by the oigamza-
tion of our Government should not control and
dispose of it, and the tepie&eutatives of the peo-
ple merely sit here to vote money out of the
Tieasury, without discretion left to them to de-
termine whether they ought to so vote or not. I
shall therefore vote against the resolution.
One word more, sir. I doubt if there is a Sen-
ator here who is prepared to say that the sum
appropriated by this resolution will defray the
expense of these one hundred days'rnen. Itmay
amount to double $25,000,000. \Y\^eannot t# li
what will be the cost, it is not onljrthepay that
is due to them, but they are to be clothed; their
transportation is to be paid for; and they are to
be taken from the industiy of the country at a
penod of the year when their labor would be
more valuable and more pioductive, so far as rhe
legitimate results of this warare concerned, than
any services they can render by being in the Army
of the United States for the shoit period of time
(or which they are called into the sei vice.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, in the lights
of the present this call for militia does notappear
to me to be a wise one. After this offer by the.
Governors was submitted I expressed the opin-
ion that 1 did not believe it ought to be accepted.
But, sir, we, the Congress of the United States,
have authouzed the President at hisdiscretion to
cali out the miiitia for any period not exceeding
nine months. The Congress of 1795 gave the
power to the President to cali out the militia. It
lias existed for about seventy years. The last
Congress extended the power and the time for
which the militia might be called out. The Pres-
ident, thueforo, is clothed by Congress with am-
ple power to call out any number of militia he
pleases.
Mr. POMEROY. Uud'*r the law of X795, was
not his power to cali out the militia limited to the
time when Congress was not in session?
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will lemeniber
the law was amended so as to give him powei to
call them out at any time; and we ajso extended
the term of service, Tiie President isclufhed with
the power to call out the nnhtia. The authority
on his part to accept them is in accoidance with
the laws ofthe countiy. I doubt vety much the
wisdom of tins call, for 1 fear that the money we
expend will be to a great extent thrown away.
I think tiie troops we raise ought to be raised for
a longer period. In my judgment, the eneiyy, the
vigor, and the enthusiasm that will be gotten up
in these western States to p!c ce these eighty or one
hundred thousand mihtia m the field will spend
itself for no gieat purpose. If' this money, this
vigor, ami this eneigy were expended upon rais-
ing troops for a longer penod, we could obtain
them. However, the Ptehident had the light tu
do it; and he has made thecal!, or rather lie has
accepted the offer of these Governors.
I think it was unwise for another reason 
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator p^.
mit me to ask him if this acceptance is m writing
or is it a mere verbal acceptance? Did the Gov-
ernors call on the Executive and propose to him
to do tins thing, and did he verbally accept the
pioposition? If theie is anything m wilting, I
should idee t--> hear u.
