THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
that is certainly the only reason for doing so. It
struck me upon the first-blush that it was not
necessary at all, but inasmuch as it has been
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means there may probably be a necessity lor it.
I rose for the purpose of objecting to this Senate
amendment, but it may be that ihe fourth and
fifth sections of this act may require the addition
of the names of these two officers to this section
of the bill, but it did not so strike me.
Mr. MORRILL. It must be apparent to every
man in the House that these inspectors and rev-
enue agents, who are to look after frauds, should
at least hav$ the powers of assessors and collect-
ors.
The Clerk having read from the one hundred
and sixty •third to the one hundied and sixty-
eighth amendments,inclusive, relating to the lax
on whisky,
Mr. PRUYN said: I would ask the gentleman
from Vermont what changes are proposed by
these amendments.
Mr. MORRILL. The House imposed a tax
on whisky of $1 until January next and 25
after that time. The Senate amendments make
the duty $1 to October, $1 25 from October to
January, and $1 50 after January next.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. A portion of
these amendments in reference to the time at
which various transactions shall take effect have
been read, and 1 have hardly had time to notice
what was involved in them. All these amend-
ments ought properly to go together as they re-
late to the same matter, and 1 therefore ask that
they may all be acted upon by the House in one
vote.
Mr. TBOUTWELL. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the proposition is
right, as they all relate to the tax on whisky.
Mr. MORRILL. The committee have recom-
mended a non-concurrence in the last one. At
the same time they ought all to be acted on to-
gether, and I suggest thaC the House non-concur
in them all.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 withdraw my objection.
The several amendments were then all non-
concurred hi.
One hundred and sixty-ninth amendment:
Strike out the wonts <{ such spinti, and also on the in-
terest of all persons in default ink> that it will r«;ul:
a ml the n,ml duty ahull h« a lien on the distillery u*ed
for ili*ulliin> the. Kline, with all lite Mill:-, voxels, fixiutcs,
and mob therein, and on the !m or tract of land whoieon
the said du-Ullery is situated, until the said duty bhull be
puid.
Mr. BROWN", of Wisconsin. I call for a sep-
arate vote upon thatarnendment. The language
of the law as originally adopted by the House is:
And the «aid duty shall bo n lien on «?neh <pii its. and aKo
orr the interest of all persons in default in the'distillery
u&ed for dwuliing the daujo, 8tc.
Thereby the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House provided that an honest owner of
premises, which he may have leaded, could not
lose by a tenant oi be held responsible for his
acts. A man may lease a piece of property for
one putposi: and it may be used for another; he
may lease it generally, and il may be used for a
distillery. jNow, by the amendment of the Sen- '
ate, Although a piece of pioperty may be used as
a distilleiy against the wish of the owner, the
owner runs the risk of losing it by the default of
the distiller. The House propeily limited the
loss to tiie party in default.
ABOLITION OF SliAVKUY.
Mr. ASHLEY. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reeonsidei the vole by which the con-
stitutional amendment was i * j* cted this afternoon.
The SPEAKER. The mutton will be entered.
Mr. COX. 1 move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. COX. What will be the effect of the mo- |
tion made by tin* gentleman fiom Ohio? I
The SPEAKER. L can be called up at any !
time. |
Mr. COX. How did the gentleman vote ? !
The SPEAKER. With the prevailing side, j
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. It |
is that, so far ns the mere question of the conati- j
tutional amendment !S concerned, a two-thirds ;
vote is necessai y ; but wmi reference to everything j
else pertaining to a vote in this House the ordi- j
nary rales govern; und therefore , to enable a party 1
to move to reconsider, he should have voted in
the majority instead of with the prevailing side,
and therefore a member who voted in the minor-
ity cannot move to reconsider.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I raise another
point of oider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide one
point of order at a time. That is about as much
as the Chair can decide at once. [Laughter.]
The Chair overrules the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
The gentleman from Ohio has a right to make the
motion to reconsider. The Clerk will read from
Barclay's Digest, page 162.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"A fair construction of this uile will permit a member
who has voted with the prevailing wide on a tic vote to
move a ieron>idei,uion. Such is evidently the *puit ol the
rule, and >ueh iid> been the sulxjqueat practice."
The SPEAKER. The practice is that any
member who has voted on the prevailing side can
move to reconsider, and the gentleman from Ohio
voted with the prevailing side.
Mr. COX. Was this a tie vote?
The SPEAKER. It was not a tie vote, it is
true; but the spirit of the rule applies precisely
the same to this case. A member who votes on
the side which succeeds on the vote can move a
reconsideration. That has been the practice, and
the Chair so decides.
Mr. COX. By what vote can the reconsidera-
tion be carried—by two thirds or by a majority?
The SPEAKER. By a majority vote; but on
the passage of the joint resolution a two-thirds
vote is required
Mr. COX. We never can end the question*
under that ruling of the Chair so long as there is
a majority in favor of the resolution and not two
thirds.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is incorrect,
as but one reconsideration can be moved on any
question. That exhausts the powerto reconsider.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Within what pe-
riod can the motion to leconsuler be made?
The SPEAKER. On.thisday or to-morrow,
under the rules, and after to-morrow the motion
to reconsider cannot be withdrawn by the gentle-
man fiom Ohio, except by the consent of the
MrJ3ROWN,of Wisconsin, i make the point
of order that the Speaker has already decided that
we are acting ns m Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. And that the
rules applicable to thai committee are applicable
to us now. I submit, therefore, that being tn Com-
mittee of the Whole the motion to leconsider
cannot be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules that
point, of order, lor the leason that although the
House has voted to act upon this bill as in Com-
mittee ofthe Whole, yet it is the House of Rep-
resentatives still, or else the present occupant of
the chair could not be in the chair. There is
one member ofthe House who is not privileged
to pieside in Cummittee of the Whole, and that
is the Speaker. Some other mem bur must occupy
the chair, because the Committee of the Whole
must make a report to the House, and the Speakei
must be in the chan to receive that report.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. The other rules
applicable to the Committee of the Whole apply
to us, as the llou&e has decided that the rules ap-
plicable to the Committee of the Whole now pre-
vail, and therefore it is that I say this motion can-
not be enteitained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would overrule
the point of order on the additional suggestion of
the gentleman from Wisconsin,from thefactthat
this is the House of Representatives, and the
yeas and nayscan be called, and can be taken on
an adjournment, or on a motion to lay upon the
tabic. Neither of iho.se motions can be made in
Committee of the Whole; and yet the Chair,
with the general consentof the House, has enter-
tained a motion to adjourn several times this even-
ing.
Mr. COX. I propose to call the previous ques-
tion on the motion of my colleague [Mr. Ashley]
at this time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot do
that, for the reason that the rule requires that
when a motion to reconsider is submitted at a
time when othei business is progressing, if must
be entered on the Journal. The Chair will have
the rule read from Barclay's Digest, page 152.
The Clerk read, as follows:
' " It is in order on the same or succeeding day to move
a reconsideration and have it entered, but it cannot ho taken
up and considered while another question is before the
flouj-e."
Mr. COX. Why cannot I make the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table now ?
The SPEAKER. Because it would be in direct
conflict with the rule which has just been read.
Mr. COX. 1 do not propose to take the motion
to reconsider "up," but to lay it on the table.
[Laughter.] Imakethe point of order that I have
a right to make my motion now if my colleague
had a right to make his.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, under the express language of the
rule that a motion to reconsider can be entered but
not called up when other business is before the
House.
Mr. COX. All I propose is to have my motion
entered now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannothave
it entered, it not being a privileged motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there anything in 'the
rules that prevents the motion to lay on the table
being made at the proper time, when the subject
comes up for action?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Then of course there is no
necessity for making the motion now.
The SPEAKER. When the subject comcs
up the motion can, of course, be made.
INTERNAL REVENUE AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
Senate amendments to the internal revenue bill,
the question being on the one hundied and sixty-
ninth amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. In reference to the particu-
lar point under discussion it will be seen that the
owners of a distillery may let it to an irresponsi-
ble party, and under the present high rate of
duties he may go on and distill liquors and de-
fiaud the Government, and then abandon the
distillery. Now we make it a point that the
owner of the distillery shall see to it that he lets
it to a responsible party. I can see no great
hardship in that.
Mr. XJPSON. I would say to the gentleman
from Vermont that such cases do actually occur,
and have occurred in my own district.
Mr. BROWN,of Wisconsin. I movetoamend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
The gentleman from Vermont does not meet the
objection which I made, it does not follow,
because there is a distillery on your land, that
you have ever assented to us being constructed
there. You may own lots in a city, as thousands
of others have had the misfortune to do, and
lease them, und the parties to whom you have
leased them may themselves construct the dis-
tillery, and construct it against your wish; but
under this clause you become responsible for the
acts of tin- distiller.
Mr. STEVENS. I would say to the gentle-
man that in cases of this kind I suppose these lots
are on ground rent.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Undoubtedly.
Mr. STEVENS. A sale of the premises would
not discharge the ground rent.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker,
with veiy great respect for the legal opinion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I can hardly
see, when you forfeit the premises themselves,
when you forfeit the interest which each person
has m them, how the owner can still claim his
ground rent. Suppose he leases the premises for
a year, or two, or three, or ten years, what be-
comes of his right after the expiration of the
term? Theie are thousands of persons in the
western country who lease their lots foi the mere
taxes, expecting to sell them at a profit after a
while. The ground rent amounts to the tax and
nothing more. What, under this section, be-
comes of the lot then after the lease expires? It
is absolutely forfeited.
i do not know, Mr. Speaker, that it is in order
to mention the Constitution in this House. I
know it is almost out of order. But I do not be-
lieve that under the Constitution this section can
be enforced. But the fact that it cannot be en-
forced is no reason why we should pass it. f
know, from the past action of tho House, that
