THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
. Mr. DAVIS,
tio  -
1 then move to refer the ques-
Tlie'VICE PRESIDENT. Of administering
the oath?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; the matter of admin-
isieimg the oath to those gentlemen, I move to
refer to'the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That brings the
question before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the Chair state the
question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the motion to refer to the
Committee on the Judiciary the subjectof admin-
istering the oath of office to the Senators elect.
Mr. COLLAMER. We have no committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inquire of the
Chair it* there is any such committee yet organ-
ized ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no such
committee.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, this is not a new
question in the Senate. I do not pretend to re-
member all the cases; but my recollection is that
whenever any credentials are presented it is
usually the course to move that they be received
and road, and that the oath of office be adminis-
tered to the member. If I remember aright, that
is the ordinary mode; and I think, without any
other motion made, that raises the question of
right. If my recollection is correct, there was a
very contested question ,somewhat similar to this,
when General Shields presented himself as a Sen-
ator from the State of Illinois. The question was
raised whether he was eligible, and I think it was
raised on the motion to administer the oath and
admit him to his seat, if that is a precedent, and
I think it is, it seems to me that this is the most
orderly way of raising the question. There is
necessarily a motion that the credentials be re-
ceived, read, put on file, and the oath administered.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Piesident, I would inquire
whether two gcmlemrn professing to repiesent a
Slate of the United States can offer themselves
here to become me-nhcis of this body, without a
question, without a motion. It seems to me that
a business so grave and so impoitantas that can-
not take place without a distinct motion; and I
think tlie suggestion of the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire is correct, that no man can
present himself to this body, and ask to be qual-
ified and received as a member of it, without a
distinct motion to that effect. If the Chair should
concur in opinion with the Senator from New
Hampshire, 1 would propose to lay upon the table
the motion to u-eeive the credentials.
Mr. PESSENDEN, 1 wish to suggest that
the motion to refer to a committee is allowable.
I made such a motion myself in the case of the
late Senator from Oregon, (Mr. Stark,) when his
credentials were submitted to the Senate, and, if
I recollect aright, that course was taken. The cre-
dentials were sent to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and it was some time befoie the oath was
administered, and not until afinal decision by the
Senate upon the question. This, therefore, is
not a new course; and it strikes me, without pre-
judging this case, that there ought to be some
mode in which a question of this kind might be
readied, or a question of any kind affecting the
right of a Senator to take his seat; otherwise we
should be merely at the mercy of a custom. I
objected then—and i have certainly no disposi-
tion to withdraw now what I then said—to the
idea that the meie presentation of credentials
should entitle any man to take the oath and his
seat on this floor and act with us, if the Senate
chose to investigate the subject. Now, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky raises a question. 1 suppose,
if there is no Committee on the Judiciary, a mo-
tion to refer to a select committee of the Senate
may answer, or a motion to postpone the consid-
eration of the matter until the Committee on the
Judiciaryshall have been raised. Certainly there
are divers modes in which the question may be
reached. All that I rose for was simply to say
that I agree entirely with what seems to be the
opinion of the Senator from New Hampshire, that
there should be some mode in which the question
can be presented; and that the mere presentation
of credentials does not entitle any gentleman to
take his seat on the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the usual
and ordinary course was taken in presenting the
credentials of these gentlemen. 1 have never
known any question put to the body as to
whether a man should be sworn in agreeably to
his credentials; and therefore the mere presenta-
tion of the credentials raises no question. When
men are presented to be sworn in according to
their credentials, that raises no question before
the body. I do not mean to suggest by this that
a question may not be made. There may be one
made by a proper motion; and I inquired of the
Chair what was the question about it; and I again
desire to inquire how the Chair understands the
question now. What is the question before the
body?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the body, in the impression of the Chair, is
now on referring this matter to the Committee on
the Judiciary. There is no such committee, it is
suggested; but the effect of the passage of such
an order at this time, in the impression of the
Chair, would be that the question would neces-
sarily go to that committee when it shall have
been organized.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then the question is about
referring these credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the permis-
sion of the Senate, the Chair will state that its
ruling it believes is in accordance with the practice
of the Senate. The usual course, when credentials
have been presented, has been for the gentleman
presenting them to announce that the Senatorelect
is now ready to take and subscribe the oath of
office prescribed by the Constitution. .Evidently
there should be a period of time when the question
of right can be presented to the Senate, it is
equally evident to the Chair that the question can
be as well presented when the person so claiming
to have the oath of office administered to him
presents himself, by moving to postpone the whole
subject for a day, or, as in tins case, to refer it to a
select committee or to a standing committee. The
question may be just as well raised by a specific
motion of that kind, as by assuming that there is
a necessary motion in the preliminary stage. The
Chair has thus ruled because this course is in
accordance with the practice of the Senate; not
that it does not give an opportunity of raising the
question equally as well as if you presume that a
question should be originally put,which I think the
Senator from Vermont is right in saying has never
been put to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me thatthere
is a very easy way of obviating any difficulty
here. I apprehend there can be no necessity for
a reference of this question. I do not presume
that the Senator from Kentucky desires that, or
anything more than an expression of the Senate
upon a matter which has already been discussed
and determined really in the Senate at a former
session. When credentials are presented and it
is asked that the Senators elect be sworn, the or-
dinary practice is, without putting any motion, to
swear the Senators; but here an objection is in-
terposed. It seems to me that raises a question
whether the oath of office shall be administered
to the Senators elect; and on that we may vote
and dispose of the question at once, unless some
Senator should desire an investigation and to have
it go to a committee. It is analogous to the course
pursued when a petition or other paper is pre-
sented and objected to. A paper is presented to
the Senate. Some Senator thinks there is some-
thing in the character of the paper which should
forbid its reception. He raises the question;
objects to its bewgreceived. The question isputto
the Senate," Shall the paper be received ?" Ques-
tions have been raised in that way in this body.
Although I am quite willing that this question
should be raised—it is the right of any Senator to
raise it—I do not think it involves, in the shape
in which it is now presented here, the point about
which we have had great controversy in the Sen-
ate; and that was, whether a person presenting a
prima facie case should first be sworn in, and his
right to a seat subsequently investigated, and the
Senator turned out if the Senate should be of
opinion that he was not entitled to occupy a seat
here. This is a question of administering the
oath, not becausethere isanythingbeyond which
should turn the Senators out after the oath is ad-
ministered, but because, in the opinion of the
Senator from Kentucky, these parties could not
under any circumstances be Senators, because
there is no such State as that which they profess
to represent. It seems to me the question may be
put to the Senate in that simple form, Shall the
oath be administered ? and I hope the Senate wiil
acquiesce in that suggestion, and we can dispose
of it at once.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose the Senator
from Kentucky having made the question he
desires, that is all he cares for, unless to have a
vote. The sending a matter to a committee is for
the purpose of obtaining and laying before that
committee, and having that committee report to
the body, some facts not already known and un-
derstood. You want the intervention of a com-
mittee for that purpose. Certainly, then, in this
case, when no such purpose exists, when no oc-
casion of that kind is before us, the sending to a
committee must be entirely a mere matter of form.
The Senator from Kentucky does not propose to
go to that committee and show any new matter
of objection to these gentlemen personally, or to
their election, or to the form and manner of its
certification; but his objection is that the State
itself which they come here purporting to repre-
sent in this body has not been constitutionally
created. The Judiciary Committee know no more
about that question than the whole body knows
already.
Mr. President, it seems to me to be a singular
idea that we can raise a question in relation to the
constitutionality of a State organization after it
has been organized by a law adopted by this body
and by the House of Representatives, and ap-
proved by the President. It being matter of law,
for us to entertain a question as to the constitu-
tionality of that law,and to decide it in one body
here, without our action going to either of the
others, is a manner of undertaking to judge of the
qualifications of our own members which I think
inconsistent with the Constitution itself. It seems
to me that it is a settled question. If the gentle-
man wishes to raise it again in this form, 1 think
we may as well take the vote now, as a test ques-
tion, whether we will refer this matter for the pur-
pose which the gentleman has in view. He states
his object and his purpose. Now, the question
is, will we entertain a motion of that kind, to send
this matter to a committee for such a purpose? If
not, vote it down, and let the Senators elect be
sworn in. I take it that is all the gentleman de-
sires, to have a vote.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, all I desired was,
at the threshold that the Senate should divide
upon the question of receiving the two gentlemen
who have been named as Senators to this body
from the new State of West Virginia. Notwith-
standing my respect for the ability of my learned
friend from Vermont, who disputes the power of
the Senate, at this time, to raise this question, I
donotentertainadoubtupon thatpoint. Although
this State has been organized by a pro forma act
of Congress, and that act has been passed accord-
ing to all the forms required by the Constitution,
still, if the Senate believe that that act is a nullity,
that it is in direct contravention to the Constitu-
tion, and therefore void and inoperative in creat-
ing a new State, it is perfectly competent and reg-
ular that every Senator entertaining that opinion
should vote in accordance with it.
The honorable Senator from Vermont is right
in relation to tl^ object which I have in view. I
had no design or purpose that the attention of the
Senate should be occupied thus long in relation to
this matter. All I desired was a division of the
Senate upon some material question that would
test the principle whether it recognized the new
Stateof West Virgimaas oneof the United States,
or not. With a view to reach that object as speed-
ily as possible, I move that the oath which the
Constitution prescribes shall be administered to
Senators, be not administered to the two gentlemen
who present themselves as Senators from the new
State of Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That, then, (the
Senator so modifying his motion,) is the question
before the Senate: Shall the oath of office be ad-
ministered to the persons claiming to be Senators
elect from the State of West Virginia? Is the
Senate ready for that question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Senator
from Kentucky to make a motion that the oath be
not administered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was the
motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then those who are in
