1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
five-twenty loan. I say that if the Secretary had
pursued any other plan, if he had gone to New
York and advertised the loan in the ordinary form,
the result would have been that the five-twenty
bonds' would have gone down, precisely as the
bonds of England did, to forty, fifty, or sixty
cents on the dollar.
Mr. President, I do not know that I ought to
pursue this argumenffurther. I could not hear
such charges and say less in vindication of the
Secretary of the Treasury. In regard to this loan
as well as to all the other operations of the Gov-
ernment with which I am familiar, he has con-
ducted his important business with a single eye
to the public credit and honor. Whenever any.
imputations are made on a public servant that I
know are unjust I cnnnnt help but repel them;
and I trust the Senatorfrom Indiana, on the state-
ment I have made, if he is satisfied with it, will
at once say so.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the Senator know how
many persons have subscribed to the five-twenty
loan ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There were twenty-five
hundred agents. The precise number of persons
interested cannot be stated, for many of the sub-
scriptions were by banks; but I have no doubt
that three million persons are interested in the
five-twenty loan. The stockholders of every bank
which subscribed for it are interested, and I do
not know but that my estimate is too small. I
know that in the portion of Ohio where I live
there is scarcely an independent farmer or me-
chanic who has not more or less of the five-twenty
loan. It has been taken by servants, laborers,
mechanics, persons in every condition and degree
of life, poor and rich. This is one of the great
benefits of the system adopted. If this loan had
been sold in gross in the city of New York as
former loans were negotiated.it would have been
held there in bulk, or transported to Europe and
made the basis of large importations. As it is, it
is held by our own people.
I doubtnow whether of the $1,500,000,000 of our
indebtedness, §200,000,000, or even $150,000,000
of it is held abroad. That which does not bear
inteiest is our common circulating medium, the
basis of exchange. The five-twenty loan is nearly
all held in this country ill small sums and well
distributed. So little of our legal-tender circula-
tion is held in the city of New Yoik, that when
it became necessary last November to sell some
$30,000,000 of what are called the five per cent,
interest-bearing notes, there was not United States
money enough in the city of New York to pay for
them, and the banks had to appeal for terms and
time in order to pay the money into the Treasury.
And, sir, if the whole five-twenty loan had been
thrown upon the market of New Vork either at
one time or fast enough to carry on the operations
of this Government, there would not have been
money enough in the city of New York to enable
the Government to receive the proceeds of the
loan. The Senatorfrom New York, I know, will
bear me witness in this statement.
No favoritism was shown in this matter. The
banks and bankers of New York, of Cincinnati,
anil St. Louis, the citizen of Iowa, the citizen of
California, the citizen of New Yoik, were all placed
on the Smc footing. The plan adopted required
the agent to deliver the bonds in the State of Iowa
just as well as in the State of New York. If a
person in the town of Des Moines subscribed
$1,000,'the agent was required to send his bond
to him in Des Moines, although the express
charges upon that bond would be more than the
whole amount of commission received both by the
local bankers and by Jay Cooke.
In addition to that, the local agent who was in-
terested in the transaction took lawful money
wherever the subscriber might be. Any citizen
in any partof this country might pay to the local
agent his money, however small the amount or
remote the place, and in due time would return
to him at the place, free of cost, a bond of the
United States for the amount. The effect was
to equalize exchange, to bieak down the old dis-
criminations in exchange between the East and
the West. This was vital to us in the western
country. If any other arrangement had been
adopted, a citizen of the State of Indiana would
have been compelled to pay one per cent, exchange
in order to have his money turned into one of
these bonds.
I will call the attention of the Senator from In-
diana to the practical working of the old system.
If a citizen of Indianapolis under the old system
desired to invest any money in a bond of the Uni-
ted States, he would have been compelled to first
buy a bill of exchange, for which he would' have
paid from one to one and a half per cent, premium.
Then he would have to send that bill of exchange
to a broker in New York, and that broker would
have charged him from one eighth to one quarter
of one per cent, for converting the bill of exchange
into a Government bond. Thus the citizen of In-
diana under the operations of the old plan would
have been compelled to pay nearly two per cent,
to loan his money to the United States; but un-
der the system adopted by the Secretary, at an
expense that was trivial to the United States, every
citizen might convert his money into a bond of the
United States, delivered at his own door. There
has been nothing in the history of this war so re-
markable in its success as the distribution and ne-
gotiation of this loan; and when the Senator says
the Secretary of the Treasury did all this to en-
rich a private firm, he certainly speaks in igno-
umce of the true condition of public affairs and of
the mode and manner of negotiating the loan.
Now, Mr. President, again to rccur to the prop-
osition before the Senate, what is it? We have
§20,000,000 of gold in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. The Senator from Indiana admits that
we must get rid of that gold is some manner. How
shall we do it? Its injurious effects are felt every
day. The debate here and our action yesterday
put down the puce of gold four or five per cent.
The action of the House of Representatives the
day before put up the price of gold seven or eight
percent. Why? Because this gold is lying there
like a heavy weight, like the old man of the mount-
ain, upon the public credit, and we must get rid
of it, pay it out; and how?
At first wo thought it might do to pay it o'uton
the pension list; but why discriminate in favor of
that class of creditors? Then we might pay it
out to the soldiers, the most deserving of all the
public creditors. The answer to that was that
the sum was totally inadequate, and it would be
distributed in such small amounts and at such
great distances that it would do the soldier no
good; lie would probably be compelled to sell it
to the sutler, and the sutler would be the only
one benefited by it. How, then, get rid of this
gold? The only answer, after full deliberation,
was that the better plan was to sell it; but how?
Would yon require it to be sold ill open market?
If so, brokers would combine together to buy it,
and thus defeat the very ob ject of its sale, which
was not so much to get a high price for the gold
as to depreciate the value of gold, and to raise
the value of paper money. Would you require
notice to be given according to the proposition
discussed yesterday? That would be also to in-
vite combinations to buy up this gold and send it
abroad, and make foreign exchange ofit,and thus
to withdraw it from the commercial operations of
the country. Would you tie up the power to pay
it out with such restrictions and limitations as
would defeat all its beneficial ends? Would you
select, as the honorable Senator from Indiana pro-
poses to do, the favored con tractor to receive this
gold, in prefeienee to all public creditors? The
examination of all these limitations and restric-
tions brings us back to the conclusion that it is
much wiser and better to leave the power full and
broad with the Secretary of the Treasury, hold-
ing him lesponsible for its exercise. If lie shall,
as the Senator seems to fear, use this power to
make fortunes for private individuals, it will then
be time enough to call him to account before the
bar of public opinion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should not trespass on
the attention of the Senate longer upon this meas-
ure, except for one suggestion made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. He says my amendment pro-
poses a favorite class—the contractors—who I
agree with him are not entitled to any special
favor if we are to believe the common reports.
! What favor does the proposition which I have sub-
j mitted to the Senate bestow upon anybody, upon
j the contractor or the person who furnishes war
supplies? I do not propose that he shall have the
i gold at its face. If I did, there would be an ad-
| vantage in the proposition; but I propose that he
I shall take the gold in payment for what the Gov-
I ernment owes him at what the gold is worth in
the city of New York, as compared with the pa-
per currency of the country. Can he make a
profit out of that? If he takes his gold to the city
of New York and sells it there, ho would receive
in paper precisely what the Government would
have paid him if she had paid him in paper.
Then where is the advantage to him?
The Senator says that I have omitted to include
the soldier. If he will give as earnest a vote in
favor of the soldier on this subject as I will, I
shall very cordially indoise his course. Many
of the soldiers in the field enlisted when there was
but very little difference between gold and paper.
They were to be paid thirteen dollars per month
for their services in thatwhich was equal to gold.
I am willing to-day to make the pay of the sol-
dier equal to what the Government promised him.
Is the Senator from Ohio ready to go so far? W ill
the Senator from Ohio say that he will vote for a
measure giving to the soldier §1 50 or §1 60 for
every one of the thirteen dollars per month prom-
ised if the pa'yment is made in a depreciated cur-
rency ? 1 am willing to say so. I am willing that
the soldier shall have his pay equal to payment
in gold. I do not think the Senator would go quite
so far. ^ ••
The proposition which I have submitted to thfi
Senate as an amendment to the measure of the
committee is no favor to anybody. It is simply
that the Government-may pay the gold instead of
paper, the gold being taken at a paper estimate of
value.
While I am upon the floor, I will refer to the
Senator's criticisms upon what I said in respect
to the Jay Cooke & Co. transaction. I do not
know whether there was anything wrong mthat
or not, so far as the motiye is concerned. I at-
tributed no bad motive. I do not now. I said
there was but one banking-house, so far as I knew
at the time, or have heard, that knew that such
a proposition was to be made; and that was the
house of Jay Cooke & Co. The Senator says
the employment of Jay Cooke & Co. became
known in the country, and the terms of that em-
ployment were known. When, sir? Before they
were employed? Was there a notice that such
an appointment was to be given ? Did theSecre-
tary of the Treasury inform the bankers through-
out the country that such an employment was to
be given? By no means, sir. It became known
after the arrangement was made. I will ask the
Senator from Ohio, of what service was that
knowledge to the country? That they did make
money out of the operation there is no question.
Why does the Senator refer to an occasional case
of the sale of a bond to some man in Iowa or In-
diana? There are such cases, I admit; but the
great body of this loan was not taken by the
woiking class of the country.
The Senator has alluded to the terms of the sales,
and thatthe sales were a great success. And wily?
Because Jay Cooke & Co. were employed. That
was the inference. What did Jay Cooke & Co.
say to the country that cncouragod the people to
pay more for the bonds than if they had been of-
fered directly to the people by the Treasury De-
partment?
I will state very briefly why, as I understand,
these bonds have gone up in the market. The
first reason was the success of the war. Prior to
July last and the victoiies of that month these
bonds did notsell well in the market. Theycom-
manded no piemiom, so far as I know. In the
second place, these bonds provide that the inter-
est shall bo paid in coin. As the paper cuirency
of the country goes down this provision in favor
of the bondholders appreciates in its value. The
interest being payable in coin is equivalent to an
interest above nine per cent.; and does the Sena-
tor say that is th,e lowest rate he has known any
Government to negotiate a loan upon?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the Senator's
question. This depreciation of paper money ex-
isted befoie this five-twenty loan was negotiated.
For instance, one year ago, before any consider-
able amount, or perhaps before any of the five-
twenty loan was negotiated, gold had readied, 1
think, 172 or 173. 1 am not very accurate about
the figures, but my impression is that gold was
172 at this very time last winter. I know it was
in that neighborhood. The depreciation in our
paper money and the appreciation of gold was
fully as great before this loan commenced as it
has been since, and I think I shall be borne
