1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2027
to day that we have the power to summons them
to the field, to command their services, and if
they are not yielded, to compel their services in
behalf of the Republic. I think, sir, and I feel,
H is time we resorted to other measures than this.
1 often vote away my judgment. I do it willingly.
1 differ from my friend on my right here in that,
[Mr. Davis.] I consider my judgment a small
consideration in view of the great conditionsand
considerations that arc passing in review before
me, and I am willing to repeat that action. But
I confess that when I am asked, as an Adminis-
tration measure, as a measure to put down this
rebellion, to strengthen the hands of the Govern-
ment, to vote these $25,000,000, and thus initiate
an expenditure that promises no>esults of equal
profit and benefit to us, it sickens me at heait,
and I cannot, sir, I cannot yield the vote.
I do not raise the question which has been pre-
sented by the honorable Senatorfrom Maryland,
as to whether this or that statute gives the Pres-
ident the power. I but ask from him and from
those that are his constitutional advisers manly,
strong, firm, decided action; action that gives
promise of results, promise of compensation for
the great'expenditures that we are making. 1
think it would be wise to vote this measuie down
here to-day, and I am free to say thatif the coun-
try did not approve it I would yet do it, for wc
know that measures like this will never win this
great fight in which we are engaged. Nearly
every man of us feels in his heart that means of
this kind do not become us as a nation; do not
become us as a Senate.
But it has been said by some that this call has
been made; by others that it has not been made.
I care not whether it has been made or not. 1 say
it would be wise, in my opinion, to stop it here, and
to demand that the President shall issue his call
for half a million of men if necessary, and, as I
paid before, inspire the nation and talk to the na-
tions of the; earth, and show them that we mean
to sustain this Government, though the entire
face of the land be devastated in the process of
doing it. Let a little spirit of that kind be mani-
fest, and I tell you that these rebel armies will
soon dissolve before the spirit and blows of the
nation. But your one hundred day men and your
measures suggested by patriotic Governois that
make a tour lo the national capital, will not, in
my judgment, accomplish that result. Therefore,
Mr. President, I shall content myself by voting,
and taking the responsibility of voting, against this
bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, with
the permission of the Senate, and their kind indul-
gence, I will say a very few words to give my opin-
ions in reference to the jointiesoltition nowpend-
ing before theSenate. As I understand it, this is a
resolution to appropriate $25,000,000 for the pay-
ment of certain troops who have been offered hy
the Governors of five States, and accepted by the
President of the United States, to serve for one
hundred days after they shall have been mustered
into the United States service, i take it for granted,
from the two acts to which reference has been
made, that the President had the power to make
the call. I am equally certain that the President
has made the call substantially. I have here a
proclamation of Governor Morton in reference
to twenty-five thousand troops to be raised m In-
diana under this call, in which he recites the offer
of the Governors of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Jowa,
and Wisconsin to raise one hundred thousand vol-
unteer troops for the service of the Governmtnt;
and of that hundred thousand the Secretaiy of
War and President of the United States acccpted
to the extent of eighty thousand, and upon that
acceptance nioclamations have been issued by
these several Governors, in which they recite the
offer and the acceptance of the offer by the Pres-
ident of the United States; and that is to all in-
tents and pu t poses a call for these troops, an effect-
u.tI cdli foi these troops, and an acceptance of ihe
offer.
Now, how can the President raise troops upon
a call under your laws? In one of two ways:
either by conniption and draft, or by accepting
\'olunteers. Heie lie proposes to accept volun-
teer troops. Here is no draft proposed many
of these States to raise these troops. It is volun-
tary on the part of the Governors, voluntary <>n
the part of the soldiers. But we are told that the
wo position carnc first frum ihe Governs, aid
did not originate with the President and his Cab-
inet. Why should not the call have come fir.st
from the-Governors of Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois? Only last year Indiana and Ohio were in-
vaded by John Morgan, and several millions
worth of property were destroyed,and many lives
sacrificed, and John Morgan marched for more
than six hundred miles unimpeded through those
two States simply because there was not upon the
border such an organized force as we now pro-
pose; and recently within sight of the shores of
Itlinios there was a bloody attack upon Paducah,
in Kentucky, and within sight of the shores of
Missouri the terrible massacre at Fort Pillow.
These Governors, whose sworn duty it is to com-
mand the militia of their respective States', to
suppress insurrection and repel invasion,and pre-
serve the peace within their borders, saw the im-
portance of the immediate organization of this
force. It was right and proper and patriotic that
the call should have come from these several
Governors.
Sir, I have uniformly opposed short enlistments
and favored a vigorous conscription law, a law
which shall deny the right of commutation, and
I am prepared to-day to vote for a law which
shall also deny the right of substitution. 1 have
always been prepared to draft soldiers for three
years; but yet I am not prepared to say that this
is not a wise measure now, and the wisest pos-
sible measure that the wisest men upon earth
could have devised to meet the emergency which
now stares us in the face. What need have you
for your soldiers, and what duties have they to
perform? We have a frontier line of'more than
fifteen bundled miles; we have a blockade sys-
tem involving a coast hue blockaded of more than
a thousand miles. We have taken posts there,
and made them depots of provisions and arms
and munitions. They have to be garrisoned and
defended, or you give up your whole blockade
system. You have ordered your armies into the
rebel States. We have to keep up their commu-
nications, to defend their munitions and arms by
garrisoning posts along that line of fifteen hun-
dred miles of frontier. VVe need soldiers to ad-
vance into the rebel States to crush their military
power, and we equally need soldiers to man the
fortifications and preserve our communications.
I bel.eve that these troops mustered in for one
hundred days will be as effective as any other
troops within these fortifications to defend the
fortifications and to keep up your line of commu-
nication and to protect the transportation of aims
and munitions to your armies in the field.
How many soldiers have you now in gariison
on your coast and,in ganison on your frontier
and protecting your communications? More than
eighty thousand; and for every single volunteer
accepted under this call you release a vetei an sol-
dier to go into the armies to fight the battles of
the country; and you will need them all,and need
them all within the next ten days. There are
two great strategic points where the two contend-
ing armies are being concentrated, upon the Rap-
idan and in northern Georgia. You need eveiy
veteran soldier you have. These volunteers, if
immediately called into the service, will fill the
places of the veterans now m garrison, and the
soldiers in garrison will march to the front; and
1 believe it is a wise provision-
But gentlemen say you call for these men just
at the planting season in the planting States, and 1
take them from their oidmary labors. Whoeom- j
plains of that? This call has been made some I
six or eight days in the State of Indiana, and in ;
every county, town, and township in the State, ;
almost, we have called meetings, characterized
with the utmost enthusiasm; and perhaps while
we are deliberating here to-day, Indiana has ten
thousand of these volunteer soldiers in rendezvous
at Indianapolis ready to go wheresoeveryouorder
them. The v have not complained, and they have
the most interest. 1 am receiving letters daily,
and I have watched our papers, and no one in
Indiana or in Illinois, or in any of these other
States, so far as I know, has complained of the
hardship of the call. Let the complaint come
from those who are interested. Let us not im-
agine it.
I do not know that the Administration, strong
as it is in patriotism and in the confidence of the
people, is prepared todisngard the patriotic ^ug-
•"Vt$UOiJb >l five G«. vicruOl&i i->m noble [ojal-tjlalos.
I think, under all the circumstances, this isawise
measure. Whom does it take from the work*:
shop and the farm? No one who is not willing
to go. *
But gentlemen argue as though these were raw'
troops who had never been drilled, who had never
held arms. We have in the State of Indiana
sixteen thousand of the home legion, who have
been armed and drilled for some twelve months;
and many companies, without a single excep-
tion, have volunteered for this hundred days5 ser-
vice, and many regiments have volunteered al-
most entire, f think we need their services; we
need to swell our armies; and I believe that with-
in twenty days you may have under this call
eighty thousand troops who will take the place of
eighty thousand veteran troops, and in fortifica-
tions do good service. But, sir, the history of
the war shows the raw, green regiments that gen-
tlemen speak of have done noble fighting ir*the
open field. One brigade at Pittsburg Landing,
composed partly of Ohio and Indiana troops,
three days after they received their arms, went
into that bloody fightand covered themselves with
glory. I hope maeh from this volunteer force,
and I trust the joint resolution will be passed.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the resolu^
tion by adding the words " after their musterinto
the service of the United States by regiments,"
so as to get a hundred days' service out of them
after they are mustered in as regiments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that amendment
will not be adopted. These men are called from
labor which would yield them from two to ten
dollars a day; they drop their tools at the work-
shop; they leave the farm; they leave the count-
ing house; they answer your call in a moment;
and it seems to me that from the very day.their
militia organization moves from the place of their
residence their pay ought to commence; and re-
member they ask no bounty. There is nota man
of this force who wiil come from the State of
Ohio that will not make a sacrifice more than we
are called upon to make here, and 1 think there-
fore it is a very idle thing to undertake to limit their
term of service except from the time when they
leave their homes.
Mr. WILSON. I am certainly in favorof pay-
ing these men for every day's service they render,
and if the Committee on Finance think we have
got security that these men will serve the country
a hundred days, I am willing to withdraw my
amendment. What 1 desire to accomplish is to
pievent the hundred days being squandered in
raising and organizing these regiments without
securing their actual service.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is one of the objections
to the system. They are called only for one
hundred days. If you make the one hundred
days to commence from the time the man first
volunteers his services, we shall not get the bene-
fit of him for sixty days at least. There is now
a dispute between the Government and some of
the soldiers belonging to the regiments of New
York and a large portion of some of the regi-
ments of Pennsylvania, and the Legislature as
well as the Executive of Pennsylvania are sid-
ing with their troops, as to whether their term of
service expires at the expiration of three years
from the period when they enlisted or three years
only from the time they were mustered into the
service. The Government have decided, and I
have nodoubt decided properly—certainly if they
have not the right to do so, they ought to have
it—that the service commences from the time they
were mustered in.
Now you are about to provide, unless some such
amendment as that suggested by the chairman of
the Military Committee is adopted, that these
three months' men are to be paid from the day
they leave their homes. If you do that, you will
have to pay the troops of Pennsylvania and the
rest too for the additional period they are made to
serve by the decision of the War Department. I
know the Department and the oncers of the Gov-
ernment think it all-important that the obligation
of the United States to pay should commence from
the period of muster into service in order to com-
pel them to go into the service at the earliest mo-
ment. it may be hard on these men from Ohio,
1 know, that they should lose their time altogether
without any compensation.
