1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the votes given for the teveial candidates f<^r said office,
it appears that, in the first congressional district, John
A. J-Creswell bad the greatest number of votes; in the
&ecojid congressional di-triet, Edwin II. Webster had
the gieatect number of votes; in the third congiesfcional
district, Henry Winter Davis had the greatest number
of voted; m the fourth congressional district, Francis
Thomas had thegreate-t nunibei of votes; and in the fifth
congressional districtj Benjamin G. Harris had the greatest
number of votes:
Now,therefore, I, Augustus W. Bradford, Governor of
the State of Maryland, do certify and declare that the said
John A. J.Creswsll, Edwin H. Webster, Henry Win-
ter Davis, Francis Thomas, and Benjamin G. Harris
are duly elected members of the House of Representatives
to represcntthis State in the Thirty-Eighth Congress of the
United States.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand, and
caused the great seal of the State to be hereto af-
[l. s.] fixed, at the city of Annapolis, this 4th day of
December, 1S63.
A. W. BRADFORD.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Clerk, 1 offer the following
resolution; and upon it I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That the names of John A. J. Creswell,
Edwin II. Webster, Henry Winter Davis, Francis
Thomas, and Benjamin G. Harris be placed on the roll of
this Ilou.sc as Representatives from Maiyland.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. STILES. I rise to a point of order. I
would inquire if that resolution is in order?
The CLERK. The Clerk is of opinion that it
is in order, as being pertinent to the organization
of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. Before the roll is called I desire to
ask a question of the Clerk. I hope it may please
the Clerk to state the reasons why he has not
placed the names of the Maryland members on
the roll.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object to that, if it is not in
order.
The CLERIC. It is not in order if objection
be made.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
con.i, Augustus <J. Baldwin, Bins, Brooks, Chunicr, Cofl-
rotb, Cottman, Cox, Cravens, Daw.>on, Denmson, Eden,
Edgcrton,E!dridge. English, Finck, Gannon ,Gridcr, Harding,
Harrington,Charier M. Hani*, lleriiek, [Jolman, Hutch ins,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalhfli'isch, Keinnn,
King, Knnpp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mailory,
Maicj, McAllister, McDowell, McKinney, Middieton,
William 11. Miller, Jame> It. Moms, Morrison, Nelson, No-
ble, Oiiell, John O'Neill. Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins,
Ro s, Scott, Stebbtns, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Stroupe, Stuait, Sweat, Vooihce*, Wad^worth,
Waid, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wiuliekl,
Benjamin Wood,and Fernando Wood—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Athlon, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Blame, Boutwell, Biandegee, Bioomall, James S. Brown,
Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Cole,Col-
fax, Thomas T. Davi*. Dawci,Deming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Dng^,Dumont,Eckley,Eliot, Fainiwoi th, Fenton, Field,
Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Gunnell, Griswold, Hale, Higby,
Iloopei, Hutcliki^, A-ahU W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Jencke^, Julian, Ka>*on, Kclley, Francis W'.
Kellogg, Orlando Kcllogjr, Liulejohn, Longyear, Lovejoy,
Maivni, Mclndoo, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead, Moniil,
Damrl Morris, Amos Myers, Lconaid Myer«, Norton,
Chailes O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John II.
Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon,
Sloan, Smith, Smtther*,Spaulding, Starr, Stevens,Thayer,
Tracy, Up-on, Van Valkenbuigh, Elihu B. Washhurne,
William. B. Washburnc, Wheeler, Williams, Wilson,
Windoin, and Woodbridge—94.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the tabic.
The announcementof the result of the vote was
received with lour! applause from the galleries.
Mr. W ASH BURN E, of Illinois. I hope the
rules will be enforced. I understand that the
rules of the last House are the rules of this, and
that they give the Clerk special power to enfoice
order.
The CLERK. The demonstration is made by
those who know the rules, and know that the
Cleik has no power to enforce them. If he had
the power he would do so.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, being: put, the reso-
lution was adopted,amid renewed applause from
the galleries.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
wluchthe resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I now ask for the
reading of the credentials of the Missouri mem-
bers whose names are not included on the roll.
The CLERK. The Clerk was just about to
report them to the House. The Clerk would state
that, as the credentials are all in the same form,
he presumes the reading of one of them will be
satisfactory.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly.
The CLERK. The Clerk will read the creden-
tials of Henry T. Blow, from the second con-
gressional district of Missouri, which is substan-
tially if not precisely the same as the others. It
is as follows:
United States of America, State of Missouri,
Office of Secretary of State,
City of Jefferson, Missouri :
1, Mordecai Oliver, secretary of state of the State of
Missouri, do hereby certify that, at an election held in pur-
suance of law in the several counties comprising the sec-
ond congressional district in the State of Missouri, on the
4th day of November, J862a Hon. Henry T. Blow, having
received the highest number of votes cast at said election
as a candidate lor Congress, was duly elected a member of
the House of Representatives of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress of the United States of America from the said sec-
ond congressional district.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and
affixed the great seal of the State of Missouri.
[l. s.] Done at the city of Jefferson, on the 10th davof
November, 1862. „ M. OLIVER.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I offer the follow-
ing resolution; and upon it i demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That the names of Francis P. Blair, jr.,
Henry T. Blow, Joiin W. McClurg, S. II. Boyd, Ben-
jamin Loan, and William A. Hall be placed on the roll
as Representatives from the State of Missouri.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise a question of order
on that resolution. It is, that by a resolution of
the House it is proposed to instruct the Clerk to
do au act which he is expressly prohibited from
doing by an act of Congress, the Clerk being the
exclusive judge as to the sufficiency of the cer-
tificates under that act.
The CLERK. The Clerk would state that the
effect of this resolution would be simply to place
these gentlemen in the same position as others.
While the Clerk would have no power to amend
the roll, the effect of this resolution would be that
the names of these gentlemen would be called in
the organization of the House, and the Clerk
thinks the resolution is in order.
Mr. YEAMAN. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. Itisthis: I have a very distinct opinion as
to the legal effect of these certificates, a*d also in
reference to those from the State of Maryland. I
remained silent, however,in thecase of the Mary-
land members, from a sense of delicacy and pro-
priety, because my own seat is contested. I ask
now to be excused from voting on this resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, being put, the reso-
lution offered by Mr. Davis, of Maryland, was
adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now ask for the reading
of the credentials of the member from Oregon.
The Clerk read, as follows:
State of Oregon, to wit:
This certifies that at an election held within and for the
State aforesaid, on the 2d day of June, A. D. 1862, John It.
MeBride received 6,509 vote?, and R. E. Waitt received
3.632 vote?:, for member of Congress. Therofoie the said
John R. McfJudc, having received a majority of all the
votes cast at the'paid election, is hereby declared duly
elected to represent the State of Oregon in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress of the United States.
In testimony whereof I have heieunto signed my name,
and affixed the seal of said State, at Salem, this
tL' S,J 30th day of June, 1862.
JOHN WHITEAIvER.
By the Governor:
Lticien IIeatii, Secretary of State.
By Chester N, Terry, Assistant Secretary of Slate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer the following reso-
lution,and demand the previous question upon it:
Resolved, That the name of Joiin R. McBride be placed
on the roll as Representative from the State of Oregon.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, being put, the reso-
lution was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I now call for the reading of the
credentials of the Representative from Kansas.
The Clerk read, as follows:
State of Kansas, Executive Department,
Secretary.of Stated OffijcBj -
Tofeka, December 25, 1802?
This Is to certify that the board of State canvassers, as-
sembled at the city of Topeka on Monday, December lo.
A. 0.1862, under authority given bylaw, dfd declare and
-determine that A. C. Wilder was duly elected, on the
day of November, A- D. 1802, to the office-of Representa-
tive in the Thirty-Eighth Congress of the United SUles for
the State of Kansas.
r In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
IL* 8 "J hand and seal this 25th day of December, 1862.
S. R. SHEPHERD, Secretary of Stale.
Mr. PIKE. I submit the following resolution;
and upon it I demand the previous question:
Resolved, That the name of A. Carter Wilder be
placed on the roil as member of the House of Representa-
tives from the State of Kansas.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, being put, the reso-
lution was agreed to.
Mr. PIICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask for the reading of the
credentials of the members from West Virginia.
The CLERK. The credentials of the members
from "West Virginia are all in the sameform; and
unless the reading of all of them be called for, the
Clerk will simply read the credentials of Mr. Kel-
LIAN V. WlIALEY.
The credentials of Mr. Whaley were read, as
follows:
State of West Virginia, to wit:
I, Arthur J. Boreman, Governor of said State, pursuant
to the act of the Legislature thereof In such ease made
and provided, do hereby certify that Kellian V. Whaley,
Esq., of the county of Mason, was duly chosen on the 22d
day of October, in the year 1863, a Representative in the
Congress of the United States for the third congressional
district of this State, compo.->ed of the counties of Kanawha.
Jackson, Mason, Putnam, Cabell, Clay, Wayne, Logan,
Boone, Braxton, Nicholas. Roane, McDowell, Wyoming,
Raleigh, Fayette, Mercer, Monroe, and Greenbrier, for the
term ending on the 3d day of March, in the ycai 1855.^
Given under my hand, and the great seal of the said State
. of West Virginia, this 23d day of November, inthe
lL* ®'J year of our Lord 1863, and of the State the first.
' A. J. BOREMAN.
By the Governor:
J. Edgar Bayers, Secretary of State.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 submit the following res-
olution; and on its adoption I call the previous
question:
Resolved, That the names of Jacob B. Blair, William
G. Brown, and Kellian V. Whaley be placed upon the
ioil as the Representatives from West Vngtnia.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adapted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask to have the credentials
of the persons claiming to be Representatives
from the so-called State of Louisiana read.
The CLERK. The Clerk will gratify the
curiosity of the gentleman. [Laughter.]
The credentials were read, as follows:
1, John Leonard Riddeli, Governor of the State of Louis-
iana, duly and legally elected by the voters of said State,
in pursuance of the constitution and laws of said State, do
hereby certify that at an election begun and held in said
State on the' 2d day of November, 1863, in accordance
with the laws of said State, for the purpose of electing live
Representatives from said State to the Thirty Eighth Con-
gress of the United States, the following named persons
were regularly elected to represent said State in said Con-
gress for the term of two years from the 4th of Maich, 1803;
namely: .
Prom the first congressional district, A. P. I'ield.
From the second congressional district, Thomas Cott-
M From the fifth congressional district, composed of the
whole State of Louisiana, Joshua Baker.
All of whom were regularly elected in accordance with
the constitution and law* of said State of Louisiana.
In testimony whereof, I, John Leonard Riddeil, Governor,
elected as aforesaid, and duly s> worn, do hereby commission
said persons, so elected as aforesaid, to represent said State
in the said Thnty-Eighth Congiess of the United States,
and do hereby give these credentials in evidence of their
legal and regular election as aforesaid; and I do hereby anix
my name and private seal of office (the public seal thereof
