1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
stand without excuse or justification. We criti-
cise the shortcomings of the Executive, of the
members of the Cabinet, and of generals in the
field; but if the Congress of the United States
in the lights of the present fail to impose heavy
taxes-upon whisky and other spirits imported
into the country, on tobacco and other luxuries,
its failure will be greater than the failure of Pres-
idents, of Cabinets, or of generals in the field.
Never was the country so reckless in the ex-
penditure of money, so extravagant in its modes
of living, as now. Tax then heavily whisky,
tobacco, and other domestic productions of lux-
ury.and impose high dutiesupon wines,brandies,
silks, and other imported articles that minister to
our luxurious tastes. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] remarks in an under tone that we
ought to increase the tax on domestic manufac-
tures. 1 say, sir, although I am the representa-
tive of a State largely interested in domestic man-
ufactures and the mechanic arts, that we ought
to increase the duties on domestic manufactures.
1 am ready to vote at any time to double the taxa-
tion on our domestic manufactures. In so voting
I shall act under the conviction that the enduring
interests of the country demand such a vote, and
that the interests of the people and ofthe business
men of the country demand such a vote. In-
creased taxation, wisely adjusted, is the only rem-
edy for the restoration of the national credit, the
diminution of the volume of paper currency, and
the reduction of the expenditures of the Govern-
ment and the expenses of the people.
I am prepared to vote, sir, for all measures of
legislation demanded alike by the interests of the
country and of the people. The nation ougJitto
have the benefit of a sound national currency,
and as far as possible the benefit of the paper cir-
culation of the country. I am therefore for the
adoption of a policy that will gradually withdraw
from the paper circulation ofthe country the notes
of the State banking institutions. I would not
harm existing institutions, but I would, as soon
as practicable, establish a uniform circulation.
But, sir, I shall vote for this proposition of the
Committee on Finance to authorize the Secietary
of the Treasury to sell, at his option, the gold in
the Treasury not required to meet the accruing
interest on the national debt. The enactment of
such a law will tend to check, to some extent, the
operationsof the gold speculators; butitcan have
and will have no such effectas some Senators sup-
pose it will have. The price of foreign exchange
in the New York market now demonstrates that
the present piice of gold has been forced up three
or four per cent, by the operations of gold spec-
ulators. But unless Congress provides the means
to double or treble the income derived from in-
ternal revenue, and to increase the duties on for-
eign imports, so as to be able to pay from one
third to one half of our expenses during the next
fiscal year, the difference between an expanded
paper currency and gold and silver will continue
to increase. Taxation, heavy taxation, and vic-
tories in the field will alone diminish, permanently
diminish the price of gold, even after the passage
of the pending bill.
The PRESl.DENTpro tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Indiana, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Davis, Hendricks, Powell,
and VVri^'lit—■>.
NAYS —Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Claik, Collamer,
Corniest!, Dixon, Doolmlc, Fe^scuden, Foot, Grmics, Har-
ding, JIarlan, llarus, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of In-
diana, Laue of Kan-as, Morgan, Monill, Ncfcmah, Pome-
ioy, Rririlspy, Salisbury, HIkm man, Sumner, Ten Eyok,Van
Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiiley, and \Vil-'on—:u.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment made as in Committee ofthe
Whole was concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the gentle-
man having charge of this joint resolution, that
there seems to be no limitation whatever ofthe
time in which the Secretary is authorized to an-
ticipate the payment of interest. It seems to me
it ought to be limited to some time. He ought
not to be permitted to anticipate it beyond, I
think, the period of one year, and I will offer an
amendment to that effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hardly think we can sup-
pose there will be any occasion for such a limit-
ation; but still, if the Senator wants to limit it
to a year, I have no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move, in line four, after
the word " debt," to insert " by a period not ex-
ceeding one year;" so that the resolution will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to an-
ticipate ttie payment of interest on tlie public debt by a pe-
riod not exceeding one year, from time to time, witli or
without a rebate of interest on the coupons, as to inm may
seem expedient; &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I inquire ofthe Senator from
Wisconsin whether his limitation will apply to
the authority to sell gold.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know you do not mean it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The last clause is an en-
tirely distinct clause giving a distinct authority;
" and he is hereby authorized to dispose of any
gold in the Treasury of the United States not ne-
cessary for the payment of interest on the public
debt."
Mr. JOHNSON. He will have that authority
as long as the law stands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly he will have that
authority. This is a continuing statute; and so
it would be a continuing statute as to the antici-
pation of the payment of interest, but the effect
of my amendment is that he shall not at any time
anticipate the payment of interest more than one
year.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance been passed
upon.'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
agreed to in Committee of the Whole and con-
curred in by the Senate. The question now is
on ordering the amendments to be engrossed and
the joint resolution to be read athiid time.
The amendments were ordered to beeugrossed
and the joint resolution to be read a thud time. It
was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I voted against theamend-
ment of my friend from Indiana, because I could
not see, after the explanation ofthe Senator from
Ohio, the propriety of that amendment. I intend,
however, to vote against the passage of the bill,
though I did not wish to incumber it with any
amendment which my judgment did not approve
of, and if the measure was to pass, I did not see
the propriety of the amendment. I shall oppose
the passage of the bill for reasons which I shall not
now take up the time of the Senate to state; but
knowing, ofcourse, that the bill will be passed, I
think it proper simply to say that I am opposed
to its passage.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays b; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,Olaik, Col-
lamer, Connoss, JJixon, Doolittle, Fei.scndon, Foot, Har-
din!;, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of In-
diana, Lane ol Kansas, Morgan, Mori ill, Ponieioy, Jtainsev,
Sherman, Suinma, Ten Kyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Wil-
kinson, VYiHey, and Wilson—.'in.
NAYS—Mosis. Buekalew, l)avi<, Gunies, Ilciuhieks,
Fowcli, Kiddle, Saillsbuiy, ami Wright—8.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Oa motion of Mr. COLLAMER, its title was
amended by adding the words " and for other pur-
poses."
POST OFFICE APPIIOPIUATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like, if the Sen-
ate would agree to it, now to take up one or two
appropriation bills, winch have been lying on the
table for some time, and I think can soon be
passed. ^ I move first to take up the Post Office
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 50) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 3865, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
out of any moneys in the Tieasury arising from
the revenues of the Post Office Department, in
conformity to the act ofthe 2J of July, 183C, for
transportation of the mails, (inland,) $7,849,000;
for foreign mail transportation,£ 250,000; for ship,
steamboat, and way letters, $8,000; for compen-
sation to postmasters, $3,100,000; for clerks for
post offices, $1,168,000; for payments to letter-
carriers, $320,000; for wrapping paper, $40,000;
for twine, $16,000; lor office stamps, |5,000; for
letter balances, $2,500; for compensation to blank-
agents and assistants, §6,500; for office furni-
ture, $2,000; for advertising, $35,000; for postage
stamps and stamped envelopes, $90,000; for mail
depredations and special agents, $60,000; for mail-
bags, $60,000; for mail locks and keys, $10,000;
for payment of balances due to foreign coun-
tries, $200,000; and for miscellaneous payments,
$200,000.
If the revenues of the Post Office Department
shall be insufficient to meet the appropriations,
the sum of $1,000,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, is to he appropriated out of the
Treasury to supply deficiencies in the revenue of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1865.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have some amendments
to propose by direction of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads; and 1 send to the Chair
and desire to have read a communication from
the Department on which my amendments will
be founded.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Post Office Department, February 17,1861.
Sir : It is found that a mistake was made in the estimate
of expenditure lor lettei-carners duiing the fiscal year end-
ing'UOth June, 1865. The amount was fixed at .^320,000,
on the basis of the expenditures for the current yeai, not
allowing for any extension ot the letter-catrier system
under the act of Congress approved 3d March, 1863. As
the public interest will lequire such extension,not onlv in
localities where it is now m opeiauou, but al-o at points
where it has not yet been introduced, I beg leave to recom-
mend that the appropuaiion tor payments to lettet-eairiers
con tamed m Ilou-sc bill No. GO be doubled, making the wine
$640,000, with the proviso that so much of the increased
amount a* may be nece$?*ary shall be paid out of any money
in the Tteasury appiopriated for the service of the Fost
Office Department.
It also becomes necessary to ask an additional appropri-
ation of §48,000 for wrapping paper, making the whole
amount to ho appiopriated tor tins object $Stf,000, m&tead
of §40,000, a? piovided in snid bill. The latter *um was
estimated as the co.-nof wrapping paper oa the ofthe
expenditure therefor duung the last year mulct acontiact
winch has expired ; but the pioposnl-s recently submitted
ioi tnrmslnng this paper to the Department are more than
one hundred per cent, highei than the piices paid under the
last contract.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
M.BLAIR,
Postmaster General.
Hon. Jacob Collvmer, Chairman Committee on Post
Officcs and Post Roads, United Slates Senate,
Mr. COLLAMER. I move, in pursuance of
that recommendation, in the nineteenth and twen-
tieth lines, to strike out <c $320,000,'' and insert
" $610,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the twenty-first line, I
mo veto strike out"$40,000"and insert " $88,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendments just
made render necessary an amendment to the sec-
tion which provides an appropriation from the
Treasury in case of a deficiency in the Post Office
revenues. That section as it stands appropriates
§1,000,000 out of the Treasury to meet any defi-
ciency in the income of the Department. The
increase already made requires that that should
be put at $1,500,000. 1 therefore move, after
the words one million" to insert " five hundred
thousand."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have nothing further to
propose.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in; and it
was ordered that they be engrossed, and that the
bill be read a third time. The bill was read the
third time, and passed.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted a report from
the committee of conference on the deficiency ap-
propriation bill; which was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the di&acreeirig votes
of the two Hon*e< on the amendment? to tlie bill (II. It-
No. 3o6) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the serv ice o( the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 18G4,
huMrtg met. alter full and free conference have agreed to
iccommund, and do recommend, to their respective II out-es
as follows:
Thar the House of Representatives rccede fiom their d is-
aareementto the liitt, eleventh, and seventeenth amend-
ments of the .Senate, and agiee to the same.
That the Senate lecede. fiom their eighteenth amend-
ment.
That the Senate recede from s-o much of their third
amendment as pioposea to strike out lines eight, nine, ten,
eleven, twelve, thirteen, and lourfeen, on page 3 ot'&aid
bill, and agree to the ; amo, with an amendment as follows:
