6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
being forcibly kept it) the possession of the public enemies
of the State) on tins 20th day of November, in the year of
our Lord 1833, and the eighty-eighth year of the independ-
ence of the United States of America.
tL. s.] J. L. RIDDELL,
Governor of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and on it I call the previous question:
Resolved, That the names of A. P. Field, Tiiomas Cott-
man, and Joshua Baker be stricken from the roll of the
members of this House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order
on that resolution. I submit that before the or-
ganization of the House the law of Congress ex-
pressly defines what shall be the duties of the
Clerk in respect to the members whose names
shall be placcd on the rolls of the House; that
this resolution is in conflict with that enactment,
and cannot, therefore, be entertained by the Clerk,
inasmuch as it directs an act to be done in viola-
tion of an act of Congress.
The CLERK. The Clerk will sustain the point
of order, but upon another ground- Tin1 resolu-
tion virtually directs the expulsion of members,
which the Cleric decides cannot be done before the
organization of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I appeal from the decision of
the Clerk.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. DAWES. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that this is all a waste of time.
You can elect your Speaker without it.
Mr.STEVENS. Well, having placed on rec-
ord my protest against the appearance of the names
of these gentlemen on the rolls of the House, I am
willing to withdraw my resolution until the mem-
bers have been sworn in.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask that the credentials of
the nieuibeis from the State of Virginia may be
redd.
The CLERIC. The credentials of Mr. Chand-
ler and Mr. Secaii will be read. Those of Mr.
Kitchen are similar in form.
The credentials were read, as follows:
State ok Virginia :
I, John B. Ailworth, clerk of the county court of Acco-
mao county, do certify that on the limtieth day fiom tho
commencement of the election tor a member ot Congie&s
lor the lii^t congressional district of Virginia, held on the
28ih d iy ot May last, 1, in the presence ot two fiechuhWis,
opened and examined thcccrutied copy, by thecleikof the
county couu of Northampton county, of ihc result of said
election in said county of Northampton, and have com-
pared the returns from the re-pcctive counties comprising
said district; and it is hereby certified that at an election
held on tlie 28th day of May, inilic year 1803, in the coun-
ties compiismg the lir-t congressional district of Vugmi.i,
Joseph Si:oa.r was duly elected to represent the same in
the Congress of the United Stales.
G.ven umlei uiy hand tins 27Hi day of June, A. D. 1803.
Attest: J. 1). AILWORTH,
Clcih Jhcoinac Court.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolve:?, That tlx* names of Lucius ii. Chandler,
Josr.i'n Skoar, and IUtuuet, ivI. Kitchen be placed on
the loll a& UepiChCntativcs trom the State of Virginia.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to lay that reso-
lution on the table; and on that motion I call the
yeas and nays.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If there is going to be a con-
test about it, L will withdraw the resolution.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. I renew the
resolution.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I renew the motion to lay
the lesolution on tho table, for the reason that
these men are certified to only by some county
clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
permission of my colleague, I desire to ask
whether these gentlemen are not certified to in the
manner and form required by the laws of Virginia?
The CLERK. In response to the gentleman
from Illinois, the Clerk will, if permitted, say that
his attention is called to a law passed by the Le-
gislature of Virginia, sitting at Wheeling, requir-
ing that the election of members of Congress from
that State shall be ceriified to by the clerk of the
county first named in the law describing the con-
gressional district, and that these credentials are
perhaps in conformity to that law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there an official
seal*
The CLERK. There is not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the credentials are in ac-
cordance with law, I do not withdraw my resolu-
tion.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. They are
strictly in accordance with law.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I do not yield farther.
I understand these gentlemen purport to come
from the State of Virginia, not from the State of
Kanawha, or West Virginia, as it is called. I ask
for the vote on my motion to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the law of
Virginia under which these credentials come may
be read.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Is that a law of Vir-
ginia, or of West Virginia?
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. For the in-
formation of the gentleman I will say to him that
it is not a law of West Virginia, but of the State
of Virginia previous to the formation of West
Virginia. It was passed by a Legislature the va-
lidity of which was fully recognized by the last
Congress.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Then it was by the
Legislature of that State before its division, and
therefore of another State.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. No, by the
State of Virginia.
The law was read, as follows:
"1. Beit enactcd by the General Assembly, That in all
cases of elections lor election districts, orsenatorial or con-
gressional districts, the commissioners superintending the
elections at the court-houses of the several counties or cor-
porations tormmg«uch districts shall, within three days after
such election is concluded, deliver a certified statement of
the result of tlie election in said county (to be ascertained
in tho manner now ptcsciibed by law) to the clerk of tho
county conn of Mich county, whose duty it shall be, as
soon as he may lie able, to record such result in a book
for that pui pose to he kept in his office, and transmit a cer-
tified copy of such result (which shall be written in words
and not in figure*) to the clerk of the county court of the
county fiist named in the law describing such district, whose
duty it shall be, on a certain day, appointed by law, from
tho commencement of such election—which certain day,
if an election fiom a district of a Delegate, shall be the
tificenth ; of a Senator, the twentieth ; of a Representative
in Congress, shall bo the thirtieth after such commence-
ment—in the presence of two fteeholders to open and ex-
amine such copies ?>o transmitted, and compare the returns
fiom the respective counties, and declare the person hav-
ing the greatest number of votes in the whole distiict duly
elected m the mannerand form now prescribed by law ; and
shall record the &ame in lus office, and transmit a copy
thereof to the pcr>on so elected, and alike copy to the Clerk
of tin; House to which such person is elected, to be pre-
served by him; which certified copy shall be sufficient evi-
dence of his election, and entitle hnn to his seat."
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. What is the date of that
law ?
The CLERK. The title-page of the book is,
"Acts of the General Assembly, passed at the
regular session, held December 2,1861, at the city
of Wheeling."
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. If it was passed by that
Legislature, the reason is still stronger. I ask
for the vote on laying on tlie table.
Mr. STEVENS. I should be very glad to learn
from the gentleman from West Virginia how many
counties were represented in that Legislature?
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. About fifty,
avS I understand. However, the question as to the
validity of that Legislature was fully settled in
the last Congress.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon the motion to lay
upon the table, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 100, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James O. Allen, William J. Allen, Al-
ley, Allison, Ancona, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bea-
mitii, Bliss, Boutwell, Brooks, James S. Brown, (/hauler,
CofTtoth, Cox, Ciaveus, Cromwell, Henry Winter Davis,
Dawson, Donni&on, Eden, Edgcrton, Eidrulge, Eliot, Eng-
lish, Fi nek, Gannon, Under, Guswoldjliule,Hall, Harding,
Ilanmgton, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, llcr-
i ick, Asahol W. llubhard, Ilutchms, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liam Johnson, Kalbfleiseh, Kelley, Kernan, King, Knapp,
Law, Lascar, Le Blond, Long, Lougyoar, Malloiy, Marcy,
McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, McICenney, Middleton,
William H. Miller, James K. Morns, Morrison, Nelson,
Noble, Odeli, John O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James S.
Rollins, Ross, Sehenck, Scolieid, Scott, Sloan, Sinuhers,
StebbniSjJohn B.Steele, WilliamG.Steele,Stevens,Stiles,
Strou-sc, Stuntt, Sweat, Upson, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Ward, William B. Washburn. Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Wilson, Windom, Wmfield, Benjamin
Wood, and Fernando Wood—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnold,Baily, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Blaine, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boyd, Brande-
gee, Broomall, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Claik, '
Fiocman Clarke.Clay, Cobb, Colfax, Cottman,Thomas T. |
Davis, Dawes, Dermug, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, j
Eekley, Famsworth, Fenton, Field, Frank, Gaifield, ;
Gooch, Higby, Hotchkiss, John II. llubbard, Ilulburd, I
Jenckes, Julian, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Loan, Lovejoy, Marvin, MeBride, McClurg, Samuel F.
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morns, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Norton, Charh'> CNeill. Patterson, Pcr-
ham, Pike, Pomerov, Puce, William II. Randall, John H.
Rice, Shannon, Smith, Spaulding, Starr, Thayer, Thomas,
Van Valkenburgh, Ehliu B. Wa«hburne, Webster, Whaley,
Williams, Wilder, and Woodbridge—73.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid upon the
table; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Clerk,
have a quorum of members answered to their
names ?
The CLERK. A quorum have answered to
their names.
LOUISIANA MEMBERS.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise for the purpose of ask-
ing a question. I want to know whether there
has been any notice of contest received as to the
members from Louisiana, or any protest against
their admission from any official personages?
The CLERK. The Clerk of the House of
Representatives has received a letter from a gen-
tleman styling himselfattorney general, appointed
by the military governor; andhe has also received
a memorial signed by some fifty or sixty gentlemen
representing themselves as the " Free State Com-
mittee of the State of Louisiana," which, not be-
ing a close corporation, he has laid away; still,
the gentleman can have them if he wants them.
[Laughter.]
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Clerk, I
move thatthe House nowproceed viva voce to the
election of aSpeaker of the Houseof Representa-
tives for the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, nominated
Mr. Colfax, of Indiana. [Applause.]
The CLERK. The Clerk cannot preserve or-
der. Those who make the disorder know that
he has no power to put it down.
Mr. PENDLETON nominated Mr. Cox, of
Ohio.
Mr. ANCONA nominated Mr. Dawson, of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. WADSWORTH nominated Mr. Mal-
lory, of Kentucky.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, nominated his
colleague, Mr. Stebbins.
Mr. RADFORD nominated Mr. King, of Mis-
souri.
The Clerk appointed Messrs. Dawes, Pendle-
ton, Pomeroy, and Wadsworth tellers.
Mr. COTTMAN nominated Mr. Blair, of
Missouri.
The House proceeded to vote viva voce for
Speaker, with the following result, which was
announced by Mr. Pendleton on behalf of the
tellers:
Whole number of votes cast, 181; necessary to
a choice, 91; of which-—
Mr. Colfax received 101
Mr. Cox 42
Mr. Dawson  12
Mr. Mailory  10
Mr. Stebbins    8
Mr. Kin?  6
Mr. Blair, of Missouri  2
Mr. Stiles  I
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Colfax—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bearnan. William
G. Brown, Blame, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd,
Brandegee, Broomall, Ambrose VV. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Clay, Cobb, Cole, Crcswell, [Icnry Winter Da\i?,Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Dcinins, Dixon, Donnelly, Dri22s, Du-
mont, Eckloy, Eliot, Famsworth, Fenton, Frank, Garfield,
Gooch, Gnnnell, Hale. Higby, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, A^ahcl
W. llubbard, John II. Ilttbhard, Ilulburd, Jenckes, Julian,
Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kelloffg,Lit-
tlejohn. Loan, Longyear, Lovejoy, Marvin, MeBride", Mc-
Clurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morull,Dan-
iel Morris, Aino* Myers, Leonard. Myers, Norton, Charles
O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Pcrham, Pike, Pomcroj, Price,
William 31. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Ed-
ward II. Rollins, Schenck, Scolieid, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Smithers, Spaulding, Starr, Stevens, Thaver, Thomas,
Tracy, Up*on, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu B' Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Webster, YVhaley, Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge.
For Mr. Cox—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Bh^, Jnme>. S. Brown, Cravens,
Dawson, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, English, Finck, Har-
rington, Charles M. llairis, IJeruck, H'olman, Hutcliina,
William Johnson, Kalbfleiscli, Knapp, Law, Le Blond,
