3004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
or the other. The Senate can do what it sees good.
I have done my duty in making the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. We were led to believe at the
end of the last week that this week would be left
open for the consideration of measures that did
not come from the Fjnance Committee. 1 think
the chairman of that committee so stated himself
distinctly to the Senate. With that understand-
ing we have proceeded with the consideration of
several measures this week,and yet onceortwice
the Senator has brought forward measures from
his committee which have displaced those we
were considering.
Mi% FESSENDEJN. The Senator is a liule in
error. I said last Friday that I was in hopes to
get the two appropriation bills to which I then
referred, the Indian appropriation bill and the for-
tification bill, through before the end of that wenk,
and that in that case I saw nothing to interfere
with the businessof this week. We have since,
however, reported the tariff bill, and thequestion
fresents itself precisely under the circumstances
have stated. When that bill shall be out of the
way, it is probable there will be several days
when I shall have no other business to present. But
the Senate can judge of thia matter as well as I
can. I have stated frankly the condition of the
two bills, and it is for the Senate to decide what
is the propriety of the case in view of the situa-
tion of the public business.
Mr. SCJmNER. It becomes a question be-
tween the importance of the two measures under
the peculiar circumstances of the case, one meas-
ure having been already proceeded with to a cer-
tain stage and there being a chance of arriving at
some decision pne way or the other very speedily,
and the other not having been taken up. Now,
1 submit that it is bad economy to cut off the con-
sideration of a measure that has been proceeded
with for two days in order to take up a measure
that has not been touched. I am not aware of
any disposition to protract the debate on the bill
to establish a Bureau of Freedmen. Certainly
there is not on my part, or on the part of the
friends of the bill; and I really hope the Senate
will be willing to go on with it, anu let us before
we part this afternoon finish it.
Mr.WlLSON. Mr. President, the other day the
Prcsidentof the United States sent here a message
in reference to the military exigencies of the coun-
try, and a bill was presented according to the rec-
ommendation of the message and the suggestion
of the Secretary of War. That bill was con-
sidered for a short time and then went over. The.
Senator from Maine came in the next day and
claimed the time which we all gave to him, as we
generally do, and as I certainly generally am will-
ing to do. The Senator from Maine then having
finished or nearly finished all the business of his
committee which was before the Senate, told us
that they were engaged in examining the tai'ilf
bill,and that the coming week, which is the pres-
ent week, would be left open for the considera-
tion of other business. Supposing that that was
to be the case, supposing that no bills from the
FinanceCommittee were to be called up this week,
I yielded to my colleague who had charge of the
other measure to which he has referred, as I
oughtnot to have done. He supposed that meas-
ure would take but a shoit time for its considera-
tion, and that the bill in my charge would soon
be reached. The Senator from Maine soon came
in and claimed Monday, and then the day before
yesterday and yesterday were occupied by the
Lull in charge of my colleague. I have yielded
the measure to which I refer, which I have been
pressed every day for the last week or ten days
to bring to a conclusion, and the Senator from
Maine now comes in here and asks us to consider
the tariff bill, when I supposed there was no
earthly probability of its being touched this week,
and I have written to men who have inquired of
me in regard to it that it would not come up this
week. The Senator from Maine last week prom-
ised to give us all th^s week, but now he comes
in to-day in the midtuc of the week and asks to
take up the tariff bill for consideration. I do not
like generally to vote against any request the
Senator from Maine makes on behalf of his com-
mittee, because I know how much he has to do,
but I really think this motion of his is contrary
to all the understandings we had in regard to this
week's work.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really think that there
ought not to be any implied charge against me of
a want of good faith, and I am sorry that my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] should have
indulged in any remark that would lead to a sup-
position of that kind. The Indian appropriation
bill took two days, instead of one, as I supposed
would be sufficient for it. It took all Friday and
all Saturday, leaving me with the fortification bill
still on my hands. I had that taken up this week,
and it was disposed of in about an hour. Now, I
believe the bill to which my friend alludes has al-
ready taken two days in itsdiscussion,and is not
much nearer adecision than it was when itbegan,
and I can say the same, I think, in reference to
the bill of his colleague that has been discussed
for three days.
Mr. SUMNER. Poitions of three days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The most of three days.
Each of them has taken more time than both of
the bills which 1 brought forward before the Sen-
ate last week and this week. I did make a re-
mark that Senators would probably have all of
this week for their bills, and 1 supposed that would
be the case, but 1 did not presume that my having
said so imposed a bmdingobligation on me not to
make a motion in regai-d to what I consider the
necessary bMsinessof the Senate, if circumstances
should make it proper.
Now, sir, I have simply stated the condition of
these two great, necessary, essential measures to
carrying on the Government. Senators know
as well as I do that we cannot get along without
them. I have stated frankly my condition. I
have no personal request to make of any Senator
in regard to it. I only say that under the circum-
stances of the case 1 have felt it my duty to state
to ihe Senate the exact condition of these two
bills and the necessities we are under about them.
I make the motion, and it is for the Senate to
judge. Any decision that the Senate may come
to will be quite satisfactory to me, whether it be
one way or the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moves to postpone the pending and
all other prior orders for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
494) to increase the duties on imports and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
KHODA TVOLCOTT.
Mr. FOSTER. Before proceeding with the
tariff bill, I ask consent to be allowed to make a
report from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the report.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
tlie two Hou^ea on Hit; bilt (fl. R. No. 29uj lor the relief
of HIioda Wol'-on, wnlow ot Henry Woientt, having met,
have, after a full and fieeronfeience. agreed to recommend
and do recommend to then respective Houmm as follows :
1 That the House of It'preventative-* do concur in the
amendment of the Senate with an amendment as. follows :
Miikeotti fhe woids- >-J-m day of J,mnai>, 1801," and in
lieu iheieof niM-it" l-lth day o( November, 1SGU."
2. That the Senate do aaree to the f-.ud amendment to
the amendment ol the. Senate.
L. F. P. FOSTER,
15. GRATZ nitOWN,
C. R. RUCK ALTCVV,
Managers oji the pari of Ike Senate.
ANSON HER KICK,
JAMES T. HALE,
Manage)s on the }>cnt oj the House.
Mr. FOSTER. The original bill as it came
from the House of Representatives proposed to
give to the person named in the bill a pension as
the widow of a soldier in the war of 1812, begin-
ning from the time of his death in 181:2 or 1813.
The Senate struck out the time specified in the
House bill and fixed the 1st day of January, 1861,
for the time of the commencemcntof the pension.
The committee of conference have agreed to
change the time to the 14th of November, 1860,
arid as the pension is only four dollars a month,
the change fiom the amendment of the Senate
makesadifForeueoonlyof some six dollars, which
is certainly a very small matter. I hope the re-
port will be agreed to.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAflJS FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Ilouse had pa&sed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
93) to authorize the Postmaster General to ex-
tend the contract with the Overland Mail Com-
pany.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its amendment to the bill (S. No.
55) in relation to the circuit court in and for the
district of Wisconsin, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the Senate, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Housesthereon,
and had appointed Mr. J. F. Wilson of Iowa,
Mr. J. S. Brown of Wisconsin, and Mr. F. E.
Woodbridge of Vermont, managers at the con-
ference on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 450) to provide for the
repair and preservation of certain public works
of the United States, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. E.B. Washburne of Illinois,
Mr. J. W. Lunuyear of Michigan, and Mr. N.
Perry of New Jeisey, manageis at the confer-
ence on its part.
BILLS BBC0MJ3 LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had on the 15th instant ap-
proved the following acts and joint resolution:
An act (H. It. No. 149) concerning certain
school lands m township forty-five north, range
seven east, in the State of Missouri;
An act (II. R. No. 198) making appropriations
for the support of th<> Army for the year ending
the 30th of June. 1865, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 383) to incorporate the
Home for Friendless Women and Children; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 55) granting
certain privileges to the city of Des Moines, in
the State of Iowa.
TARIFF BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 494) to
increase the duties on imports, and forotherpur-
poses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the bill is a long one,
I move that the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Finance be acted upon as they are
reached in the reading of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be adopted.
The Secretary read the bill until he reached
the first amendment of the Committee on Finance,
which was in section one, line ten, to strike out
the word " five" after the word " twenty," and
to odd after the word "upon" the words "and
in addition thereto 10 per cent, ad valorem;" so
as to make the clause read:
On teas of all kind* 20 cents per pound, and in addition
thereto 10 per cent, ad valoicm.
Mr. MORGAN. As the amendment proposed
by the committee is somewhat new and tends to
reduce the duty fixed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, I should be glad to hear what has led
to the imposition of an ad valorem duty instead
of a specific duty as before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The 20 cents a pound is
the old duty, as the Senator knows. The House
of Representatives, on the recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means, have added five
cents a pound to it. There was a good deal of
doubt expressed on all hands whether tea would,
under the circumstances, bear a larger duty than
was put upon it before. The Finance Commit-
tee, however, came to the conclusion that as there
was a very considerable difference in the value
of the teas imported, it would be worth while to
leave the old specific duty, and then put the ad-
dition, if any were made, in the shape of an ad
valorem duty. It may be a little more in some
cases and a little less m others than the House
ot Representatives propose. We had no very
fixed opinions on the subject, but we thought at
all events that by making this change the matter
would be left open for discussion in a committee
of conference between the two Houses, and
probably we might arrive at a just conclusion,
whereas if we leave the clause precisely as it has
come from the House of Representatives the mat-
ter will be concluded.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 have no objection to leav-
ing tiie matter open for discussion between the
two Houses to be decided hereafter, but I object
to the passage of the bill with the provision in this
form.
