1 clii.
THK CON GitA L GLOBE.
lege (if raising twenty thousand volunteers to
serve for six months or twelve months in defense
of that State. That State was subjected to con-
tinual raids and invasions along about half its ex-
tenor border. There never was a people on earth
more anxious for the passage of a measure than
were the loyal men of Kentucky for the passage
of that measure. Our Governor and one of our
principal generals eamc on hero together to im-
portune the Government, and to beset members
of Congress, in season and out of season, to get
that measure passed.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to remind the Sena-
tor that the objection to raising those troops was
that they were to be raised for the service of Ken-
tuck y.
Mr. DAVIS. It was proposed that th'sarl force
should be a volunteer ortftntemihtiaforce for the
defense of Kentucky. When Lee invaded Penn-
sylvania and Maryland last summer, the Presi-
dent, impromptu, of his own motion, issued first
a proclamation to raise one hundred thousand six
months' volunteers for the defense of those States,
and in two or three days he enlarged the number
to one hundied and twenty thousand. After a
long delay we succeeded in seeming the passage
by the House of Representatives of our bill author-
izing us to raise twenty thousand volunteers, hy
a vote of about two to one, and after it had been
suspended before the Senate for twelve or fifteen
months this body did us the grace and the spe-
cial favor to pass it, with an amendment provid-
ing that all the force which might be raised under
the bill should be at all times subject to be or-
dered by the President in other service than the
defense of the State. That condition did not sat-
isfy us, bnt we accepted u, at*l our Governor
went on and raisrd upwards of seven thousand
troops under that Uvv, and he had scarcely got
them assembled together at a general rendezvous
when the President ordered them all into other
States. Here is the difference between localities.
It shows that " kissing goes by favor."
Mr. GRt MES. T!uu is the way the world over.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, the world over. Pennsyl-
vania and Maryland couidgeta spontaneous proc-
lamation from the President to raise one hun-
dred and twenty thousand troops for their defense,
and heio these five Governors can get authority
to call out these troops, though 1 nave heard it
insinuated that they originated this measure for
electioneering: purposes, and to carry their States
ai the next fail election. I suppose under tiie
inft'iiot lights that have been given to the Presi-
dent and to gentlemen who are in the seciets of
the party the measure is to pass fur that special
seivice,and that is the amount of duty that these
one hundred thousand hundred day men are to
perform at a proposed cost of $25,000,000 now,
but which, I have no doubt, v/ill eventually rise
to $100,000,000 before Uncle Sam has paid all the
bills.
The question being taken by V'^s  nd nnys,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—-Me?er.-=. Anthony, (lark,Coliamer, Cowan,Do<v
little, Fes^endcit, Foot. Foster. Grimes. Harkm, How-
ard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas. Morgan, Moi •
nil, Sherman, Sumner, Van Winkle, VVuicv, and WiHon
—32.
MAYS—Messrs. Bucka!ew,CarU!e, Chandler, Conner.
Davi^, Harding, fiend-n-oii, Jotmpon, NesimtU. Pomer*^,
Powell, Uiddle, and Spraguc—13.
The PLIES! DENT pro tempore. There is not
a quorum voting: no other business is in order.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and ilv Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSR OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jtiay 2, 1864.
The Hru?e met at twelve o 'clock, m. Pifiyer
by tin1 Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Cha&nino.
The Join mil of Salu i day way read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The nrst business m order
is the call of committees for reports to %o upon
the Calendar, P d not to be bionght buck 1 y \
Motion to reconsider.
j. v.
Mr. BROWN, of West Yirgwm, from ihc
Committee of Claims, reported a hill for the le-
lief of J. W. iNokes; winch was read a first .\nd
second time, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be primed.
JURISDICTION OF TIIE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. TtlOMAS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with amendments, a hill
concerning the jui isdiction of the Court of Claims,
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and the
bill and amendments ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The committers having been
called through, the next business in order is the
call of States for resolutions.
A Fill CAN SLAVERY.
Mr. FRANK presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of New York for the final
abrogation of the system of African slavery; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTIES TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. CHANLER presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of New York in
reference to bounties to volunteers; winch was re-
ferred to the Committee onMilitaiy Affairs, and
ordered to be piloted. a
HALL OF TUB HOrSE OF MU'IUSSKNTATIVKS.
Mr. PIKE introduced the following resolution;
which was rend, considered, and ag e *d to:
Resolved, Tli.it the Cuimmttee «)ii Public Buiicihtgs b * re-
quested to nsqene itiin the pMctie.tbility of snuKiux >-ucfi
change in the liatl or'the Hfu-, 0r }fej>i«=eatativ^sasshall
carrv ?-t U-a-t o>ie vue «>f the Hull to the outer we'l of the
building. and repou the must leasable plan and the probable
expense of the
The call of States having been completed, the
House proceeded, as the next business in oider,
to the consideration of resolutions laid over one
day under the rule.
DERT IiNCCKItKP BY THE STATfB.
A resolution direc'ing the Secretary *>? the
Treasury to report the amount of debt incurred
in the several States in their efforts in suppressing
the rebellion, introduced by Mr. Blaixe on the
7th of January last, was lakt n up, end, on motion
of Mr. Garfield, referred to the Commute on
Military Affairs.
TWO PEII OUST. LAND FUND.
A resolution offered by Mr. Morrison on the
11th of April lubt, u-questing the Secretary of the
Treasury to furnish io the ]-ious  , at as early a
doy as po^sibit*, iaforsna'ion showing, first, the
amount received into the Treasury of the United
States from the two per cent, fund, arising from
the net proceeds of the sales of public lands made
in the State of Illinois s'nee January 1, lbl(J,and
reserved jm her em«b!m£ net tor road purposes;
giving the dates from time to time when so re-
ceived, and the respective amount of each pay-
ment onposite such dates; secondly, whetherany-
thing is charged in the Treasury Department
against any fund, or any oitVts exist ngwnst it
there, and >f .so, when and how did such charges
occur or were such offsets made, and upon what
basis, stating particularly the amounts and dates
of said charges or offsets, and the respective times,
mode, or manner in winch such two per cent,
fund was expended, and svhere, if at aii, and the
evidence of such expenditure,  nd the authority
therefor, next taken up for consideiation.
Mr. MORRISON. Upon that resolution I de-
mand the previous question.
| The pievmus qoe.-uioo was seconded,and the
i menu qti^shon ordered to be put: and under the
| opMetion 'hereof '.he resolution was agreed to.
j P.ESTOKATIOX OF REBELLIOUS STATES. ij
! The SFKA TCER stated that the next business jj
j in order was the consideiation o-" resolutions upon
I whichdebcue h:*d auiPii, and which had been laid ,]
| over under the rules, Th< fustresoiinion m order !:
! of this class was the fo'lownvx resolution offered '!
j on the 14ih of December h'st by the ^etuieman !;
j from Kentucky, [Mr. £Iari>lvc;] " ]|
j Rewired, Thaf tnc rt'l'-n 1ms net hern di---otvod. ata3 jj
I that whenever the rclu'l'iou in any one ot ti'e sec^dcd^ ,,
- b[ate«j sii.iil 1-e put eew i f>nd s.«b<iued, enhct by foiee of jj
i fhe bVdeial arms or In nie veluiitarv Mjbirji??iv>n of the ;[
peanle of s-i.cii t^uu> to tin ;ojii!<>nt\ of the Constitution, j'
, tbi'fi <iiOh h'r,«te \\:1! be ?lte u!i> restorui to all itarichtsnnd ),
' pavikpr:* a-s a psi-tre ot the Union nurlsi the constitution j
: of%ueSi H'nle -a>.i li.e Ctm-utnliou or the United States, p
[ niohuhng thi- iisrrit v oidei. ai d cuntroj its own ,j
. dome-tie :n-nitutie:i-'u-u-cii'.sg to the cori«stiu«uon i«ui hiw«. '
! (>r?ueb ?JtiUe,{ree iVmnf.ll concessional or i^cutivecon-
l trol or dictation.
: Mr. HARD1JVQ. Mr. Speaker, some time
since in Committee of the Whoife on the state df
the Union I delivered srofnething like the remurkfc
I intended to have delivered vvhep this resolution
carne up in its fegular order. J take itfor^mBtetl
that no Union man caf  object to tt)js rt.'solafroHi
it lakes the ground that the Union ims not beeft
dissolved, and the rehvainder is tire neceSsatf
sequence from- that.
Mr. ASHLEY, la debate in offfct"?
The SPBAKER.. Oeftainly. The
gave ri«e to debate, Ami went over, an<! it is
m order to debate it.
Mr. HARDING. The question upon wHftfel*
this whole controversy turns is whethertbfe Uftion
has or has not been dissolved. If it has rtofbeett
dissoivedjlhen whenever the rebellion in any one
of these States is subdued the authority of thfc
Constitution and laws of the United States are
immediately restored, and neither the President*
nor Congress, nor any other department has any
shadow of constitutional right to dictate to tiHS
people ot those States in rcgaid to the fornt of
government which they shall set up, nor in re-
gard to any matter pertaining to their local juris-
diction. "Whoever contends that this resolution
is wrong places himself in the position of deefar-
ing that this Union has been dissolved. He EfiUSt
either be a revolutionist or he is a secessionist. A.
man who takes the ground that the Union is dis*-
solved can oppose this icsolution, but no other
man can.
1 know, sir, that it has become quite commofi
nowadays for gentlemen who once espoused tlte
cause of the Union willi great ardor, men "who
once stood where President Lincoln stood in his
inaugural address when he declared that the
Union was riot dissolved and that it could not
be dissolved, who are now repudiating that whole
doctrine, to take the ground that the Union has
been dissolved, and that these southern States
constitute a foreign government..
Sir, if it be true that the Union has been dis*
solved, then by what authority is it that taxes
are being collected in the seceded States; by whftt
authority is it that their lands are being sold and
parceled out? If the Union has been dissolved,
how did it lake place? Was it by virtue of these
otdinances of secession ? Is there yny gentleman
here prepared to acknowledge that there was vir-
tue in those ordinances of secession to dissolve
this Union? if not, then how did the Union be-
come dissolved? Was it by force of theconfud*
eiate arms t Could that which was void and nuga-
tory be made opeiative by violence and force and
bloodshed? Were their ordinances of secession
utterly null and void? Gentlemen say they were.
How then was the Union dissolved? Wasa void
act made operative and obligatory by force and
bloodshed? No man can say that. The Union,
therefore, has not been dissolved. What then is
the matter? Why, there is a lebelhon there among
a portion of the people. When that rebellion
shall be subdued by forcc of the Federal aims
the only justification of the war will be gone.
The only thing that could justify the President bi
moving at all by force of arms is the rebellion,
and the moment that rebellion is subdued and
put down the cause of the war ceases, and with
it the war must cease also; and if  he President
or this Congress should, for abolition purposes,
protract the war a solitary day beyond the sup-
pression of the rebellion, then you Gecocnc rebels;
you rebel against the Constitution; you change
places with the rebels, and become revolutionists
and rebels yourselves.
My resolution then takes the ground that the
Union has not been dissolved,atid that when the
rebellion is suppressed by force of tiie Federal
arms* or hy tiie voluntary submission of the peo-
ple of those States to the authonty of the Con.
stitution, then that State is thereby ^'stored loall
its rights and privileges und^r the Constitution,
may send Representatives to Congress, and do all
othtr acts wluch any other State in ihe Union
can do.
Sir, what difference is there between the Sfates
in the Union, the rebellion being suppressed?
Therp is no more constitutional power to inter*
meddle with the Weal institutions of the State of
Louisiana than with those of Massachusetts, and
any attempt to doit is nothing more nor less than*
revolution, as unjustifiable in its diameter as the
revolution in the South, because it is equally a
revolution against the Constitution of this Gov-
