1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
on page 3, line twelve, of said bill, after the word "Mis-
souri,7'strike out the words "the office hereafter to be
closed," and insert tUe following words: " lo the 3lst of
October, 1863, when the office was closed." And that the
House of Representatives lecede from so much of ^aid
third amendment as ptoposes to strike out lines fifteen,
sixteen, and seventeen on page ii of said bill, and agree to
the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to so much of the Senate's twelfth amendment
as proposes to insert words in lieu of the words proposed
to be stricken out, and the Senate recede from so much of
their amendment as proposes to strikeout words,andagree
to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendments: in line
six of the matter proposed to be inserted by said amend-
ment strike out the word " hundred," and inseitinheu the
word "thousandand in line nine of the matter pioposed
to be inserted by said amendment strike out all after the
word " provided," and insert m lieu the following words:
" that hereafter no payment shall be made from the contin-
gent fund of either House ot Congress unless sanctioned by
the Committee to Auditand Control the ContingcntExpenses
of the Senate or the Committee of Accounts of the House
of Representatives respectively; and no transfer of bal-
ances of appropriations shall be made from one fund to
another, cxcept by law."
That the [louse of ilepresentatives recede fiom their
amendment to the fifth section of the bill.
That the House of Repic&cntativcs recede from their dis-
agreement to the nineteenth amendment of the Senateand
agiee to the same with the following amendments: in line
eighteen of said amendment stuke "out the word "eight,"
and in>eit in lieu thereof the word "five and inline nine-
teen strike out the woid "eight" where it fiist occurs, and
inseit m lieu thereof the word "sixand in the same line
strikeout the word "eight" w here it occurs, the beyond
" time, and insert in lieu therpof the word "ten and in line
twenty-throe, after tiie word "office," insert the following
words: "fifteen cleiks ot class thiee, fifty of class two
and in the same line >trike out the word "two,"and insert
in lien the word "one;" and m the same line strike outthe
word "six," and insert m lieu tiie word "fortyand in line
fifty-one strike out the word "tluitv," and insert in lieu
the word "fV'toen and in line fifty-two strikeout the word
"sixty," and insert in lieu the words "thirty-five;" and in
the same line strikeout the word "seventy," and inseit the
words "one hundied and ten;" and strike out all of line
sixty-two. FBSSBNDENj
SOLOMON FOOT,
Managers on the pait of the Senate.
S. HOOPER,
GEO. U. PENDLETON,
THOMAS WILLIAMS,
Managers on the -pait of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If Senators desire an ex-
Flanation of this report it will be easy to give it.
t will be noticed that the only disagreement was
on the first, third, eleventh, twelfth, fifteenth,
seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth amend-
ments of the Senate, the first and the nineteenth
having relation to the same subject. We struck
out from thefirst part of the bill the appropriation
for additional clerks in the Departments, and put
the provision we deemed necessary on that subject
in the shape of a new section at the end of the
bill. The other House disagreed to that. For
the sake of arranging the matter, the committee
have gone over tiie subject and made a slightly
different arrangement by which the amount of
appropriation for these clerks is reduced some
four or five thousand dollars in the aggregate.
The third amendment was in lelation to what
is called " the returns clerk.55 We struck out the
appropriation for his salary for the reason that
we could not find any authority for appointing
th<T clerk. The House of Representatives dis-
agreed to that amendment, and on looking at the
statute we found that it provided for the appoint-
ment of a returns clerk in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, but no salary had been pro-
vided for him; and hence it is necessary to make
an appropriation to pay him.
Another subject was the Missouri land office;
and in regard to that it was stated by the Com-
missioner that the office was finally closed on'the
31st day of last October, and there was a certain
amount of salary due up to that time, and so we
appropriate it. Then there was a disagreement
in regard to the California land officeYor addi-
tional clerk hire. The other House agree to our
amendment striking it out.
The eleventh amendment on which we dis-
agreed was a little aniendmentin regard to an ap-
propriation to pay a bill which the Senate thought
was a private claim, and the House has agreed
that it was, and it goes out. :
The twelfth amendment on which we disagreed ;
was with relation to a claim of the estate of the '
late Governor Morton, once collector of Massa- i
chusetts, for a percentage for making purchases ;
forthelight-houseestahhshment. The House of ]
Representatives insisted upon that,and we found ,
a communication from the Secretary of tjieTreaa-
ury saying that the law in relation to the matter
had been decided, that the account had been aud-
ited at the Tieasury Department and oughtto be
paid; but there was no money out of which to
pay it, and he requested au appropriation for that
purpose, and the committee on the part of the
Senate yielded to that statement.
The fifteenth amendment was in relation to a
proviso on the appropriation for hospitals. The
House recede and strike out the proviso. They
also recede in regard to paying the expenses of
the registry of deeds in this District, and they also
recede in relation to the purchase of the tenth and
eleventh volumes of the Statutes at Large of Little
& Brown. So that stands as the Senate left it.
Then there was an amendment of ours for de-
ficiencies of the Senate, which the House agree
to with one or two slight amendments.
The seventeenth amendment was in reference
to the additional Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury, fixing his salary at $3,000. The House
agree to that, and the Senate recede from its
amendment making all the salaries of the Assist-
ant Secretaries $3,500. The vote was taken over
and over again in the House, and the House
would not agree to raise the salaries above $3,000,
and so the Senate recede.
Mr. JOHNSON. How is the salary of the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury and of the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy left?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are left as they
wore. It simply fixes the salary of the new As-
sistantSecretary of the Treasury at §3,000. Those
two provisions were the seventeenth and eigh-
teenth amendments. These are all the points of
difference.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM TUE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 120) to amend an act entitled
"Anactto regulate trade and intercouise with the
Indian tribes, and to pieserve peace on the fron-
tiers," approved June 30, 1834.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed on the 3d instant
the following bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (H. R. No. 265) supplementary to art
act entitled " An act to provide ways and means
for the support of the Government;'*
A joint tcsolution (H. R. No. 35) of thanks of
Congress to the volunteer soldiers who have re-
enlisted in the Army; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 41) to continue
the payment of bounties.
And that he approved and signed on the 7th
instant a bill (H. R. No. 122) to increase the in-
ternal revenue, and for other purposes.
And that he approved and signed on the 8th
instant a bill (H. II. No. 42) to enableguardians
and committees of lunatics appointed within the
several States, to act within the District of Co-
lumbia.
ENKOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Tli e message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
enrolled bills (S. No. 1) granting a pension to
John L. Burns of Gettysburg, Ponnsylvanin;and
(H. R. No. 116) in relation to university lands
in Washington Territory.
ADJOURMI5NT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjouu^ to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 now move to take up
the Military Academy appiupnation bill. _
The motion was agieed to; and the bill (H.
R No. 34) making appropriation for the support
of tiie Military Academy for the year ending J une
30, 18G5, was considered as? in Committee of tiie
Whole.
It proposes to make the following appropria-
tions: for pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and
musicians, §117,176; for commutation of subsist-
ence, $>4,101; for pay mlieu ofclothingto officers'
servants, sixty dollars; for current and oidmaiy
expenses, namely, rcpniis and improvements,
fuel and apparatus, forage, postage, telegrams,
stationery, transportation, printing, clerks, mis-
cellaneous and incidental expenses, and depart-
ments of instruction, $41,280; for gradual increase
and expense of library, $1,000; for expenses of
the board of visitors, $1,000; for forage for artil-
lery and cavalry horses, $8,640; for supplying
horses for artillery and cavalry exercise, $1,000;
•for repairs of officers'quarters, $1,500; fortargets
and batteries for artillery exercise, $100; for-fur-
niture for hospital for cadets, including fixed
wash-tubs, hot and cold water bath apparatus,
and water closets, $1,000; for annual repairs of
gas-pipes and retorts, $300; for warming appara-
tus for barracks, f15,000;and for rebuilding public
wharf and opening approach to the same from the
south, $6,000.
The Committee on Finance had reported the
following amendment to the bill as an additional
section:
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further cnactcd, That the thirty-fifth
section of the act entitled '-An act for enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes/' approved
March 3, 1863, shall not be deemed hereafter to prohibit
the payment to enlisted men employed at the Military Acad-
emy of the extra-duty pay heretofore allowed bylaw to en--
listed men when employed at constant labor for not less
than ten days continuously.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Jind be it farther enacted, That from and after the 1st day .
of July,l8G3, tl e annual pay of cadcts at the Military Acad-
emy at West Point shall be the same as that allowed to
midshipmen at the Naval Academy; and the amount neces-
sary for that put pose is hereby appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator to make
an explanation of that amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. By the present law cadets at
West Point receive thirty dollars a month. Prom
1802 until 1857 they received sixteen dollars a
month and two rations, which at the present price
of rations would he about thirty-four or thirty-
five dollars a month; but in 1857 the sum was fixed
at thirty dollars a month. That was barely suffi-
cient, scarcely sufficient to support the cadcts at
West Point prior to the present war. Now that the
expenses are so much increased,it is impossible for
them to support themselves at their present rate of
pay. It has resulted thaton the 1st of November
List, with the utmost economy which the Superin-
tendent was able to practice, the cadets were in
debt $15,000 and a little more. It is requisite that
their pay should be i ncreased, or else it will be im-
possible for them togo on there. They haveacom-
missary establishment which was created by con-
tributions from the cadets heretofore, which had
a capital of $17,000. This was used for the pur-
pose of furnishing supplies for the cadets; but the
§15,000 which the cadets are now indebted to the
establishment, the commissary's store, has en-
tirely exhausted their capital. They have no
funds now for the purpose of making purchases.
The Superintendent advises me that it is neces-
sary to expend some six thousand dollars imme-
diately for the supply of uniforms fur the cadets
the ensuing summer, and he has not a dollar to
expend for that purpose.
It is necessary, therefore, in order to carry on
the establishment that the pay of the cadets should
be increased to make it equal to the pay of the
midshipmen, and that is the effect of this amend-
ment. It is necessary that it should take effect
from the 1st of July last to enable these boys to
pay up what they owe to the institution now.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 will inquire what is the
pay of the midshipmen at the Naval Academy?
Mr, HARRIS. Five hundred dollars a year,
which is forty dollars a month and a fraction.
Mr. ANTHONY. Would it not be better to
express that sum in the amendment?
Mr. HARRIS. 1 thought it was better just to
equalize the two institutions.
Air. ANTHONY, I am indifferent on that
point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am rather disposed to
yield to the proposition to increase the pay from
and after the 1st day of July next; but this amend-
ment goes back so as to cover the present year.
Mr. HARRIS. It is absolutely necessary to
do so m order to enable these boys to pay their
arrears. They are now in debt$15,000, and it wilt
require all this to enable them to start even.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state in reference
to the matter that I have seen several communi-
