1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAJOR GENERAL GRANT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give no-
tice .that at some future day I will introduce a bill
to revive the grade of Lieutenant General in the
United States Army; and also a joint resolution
•providing for striking a medal for Major General
Grant, and for a vote of the thanks of Congress
to him and to the officers and men serving under
him.
PUNISHMENT OF SLAVEHOLDING.
Mr. LOVEJOY. And I give notice that I shall
introduce a bill, at an early day, providing for the
punishment of slaveholding in the United States
and throughout the Territories thereof.
RECIPROCITY TREATY WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I give notice that I shall
introduce a joint resolution terminating the reci-
procity treaty with Great Britain.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at ten minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 8, 1863.
Rev. D. V. McLean, D. D., of New Jersey,
offered the following prayer:
Most high and holy God! We adore Thee
as God over all, blessed forever and ever, and
with humble reverence we bow in Thy presence
and worship Thee. We come to Thee as sinners,
but we rejoice in the precious truth that God's
dear Son died forsinners. Oh, for His sake, look
down upon us and bless us. Bless the Senate of
the United States now convened, its Presiding
Officer, and ail its members, present or absent,
their families from whom they may be separated,
and grant to each one of them that wisdom that
cometh down from above, that whatever is done
by this body may tend to promote God's glory
ta d the best interests of this great nation. Bless
the House of Representatives; make them all wise
men, that they may know, like the sons of Issa-
char, what Israel ought to do. We humbly pray
for the President of the United States, that God
would in mercy preserve his life and his health.
Restore him to health, we bcsecch Thee, if it
please Thee, and so replenish him with heavenly
wisdom that in all thedifficult and tryingcircum-
stances in which he may be placed he may faith-
fully discharge his duty to God and to this great
people. We pray, heavenly Father, for Thy
special blessing to rest upon our country in this
the time of our trouble and of our tribulation. In
all our difficulties and in all our dangers, blessed
God, we apply to Thee. Stretch out thine al-
mighty arm and save us, 0 Thou who savest
by Thy light hand all them that put their trust
in Thee, against those that rise up against them.
We pray for God's blessing upon our Army and
our Navy, upon all who are appointed to devise
means for the pacification of this land and for
the perpetuity of our Union. We pray for firm-
ness and decision in those whose duty it is to exe-
cute these measures; and humbly beseech God to
spare the effusion of human blood. Grant us,
OLord, again the blessings of union and peace
and prosperity. We humbly pray God to bless
our wounded and sicksoldiers; have them in Thy
holy keeping; support and comfort and sustain
them in their sufferings. Bless the stricken hearts
throughout our land that are mourning the slain,
and raise them up friends and helpers. We pray
Thee, 0 God, to guide us all by Thy counsel,
and afterwards receive us to glory, for Jesus'sake.
Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to present the
memorial of Patrick W. Douglas, praying for a
pension; and I ask that it be rcfetred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no such
committee at this time. The Chair will suggest
to Senators that perhaps it would be more de-
sirable that they should retain their niemotials
until the committees shall be announced. The
memorials can, however, be received, and lie
upon the table.
Mr. NESMITH. Very well. Let that be
done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table, to be referred at the appropriate time.
Mr. COLLAMER afterwards said: I desire to
present a memorial signed by the Governor, lieu-
tenant governor, judges of the supreme court,
and members of the Legislatureof Vermont, pray-
ing for an examination of the ambulance system
of the armies of the United States, and the adop-
tion of such improvements (if any are needed)
as will pro-mote its efficiency and usefulness;
which I ask to have referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred when the committee shall have been an-
nounced. It will lie on the table until that time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg leave to present the
memorial of Mrs. Evelina Porter, widow of the
late Commodore David Porter, praying to be al-
lowed arrears of pension; which I ask to have re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions when that
committee sltoll be appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That reference
will be made at that time.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WILKINSON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill granting pensions
to those who werq-i wounded in the late Indian
massacres in the State of Minnesota.
Mr. HALE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to i ntroduce a bill granting a pension to Ellen
M. Whipple, widow of the kite Major General
Amiel W. Whipple, of the United States Army.
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts, gave notice
of his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
increase the bounty to volunteers, and make an
appropriation for the same.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous con-
sent (previous notice not having been given) ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1) grant-
ing a pension to John L. Burns, of Gettysburg,
Pennsylvania; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table.
MONEYS DUE TO DECEASED SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution for consideration:
Resotced, That the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia be instructed to inquire what legislation is neces-
sary to facilitate the payment of the buck pay, bounties,
and pensions of deceased soldiers.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. DAVJS. I offer the following resolution,
and ask that it lie on the table for the present:
Resolved, That the refusal of the rebel authorities to
exchange negro soldiers, or their officers, or any cla>s of
prisoners from the United ^tate^ Army, should not prevent
or suspend exchanges by our military authorities lor any
other clot* of prisoners; and justice, policy, and human-
ity demand that, as fast as it can be done, ourbiave and
suffering countrymen should be delivered from their cap-
tivity.
SEAT OF IION. KOBERT WrLSON.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no other morn-
ing business, I ask for the consideration of the res-
olution offered by me yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he in-
structed to inquiie and report whether Hon. Robert Wil-
son is stiil a Senator from the State of Missouri.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the resolution will be regarded as before
'the Senate. The Chair hears none.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What disposition is made
of the resolution? I did not hear.
Mr. SHERMAN. It isa resolution ofinquiry,
directing the Committee on the Judiciary to report
the facts. I will state to the Senator from Maine
that the question of the right of Mr. Wilson to a
seat involves also the question of pay and milc-
jj age, and it is important to have the matter decided
j| in order to guide the course of the officers of the
Senate. Theie may be many questions arising
in similar cases, and therefore I thought we ought
to have the opinion of the Committee on the Ju-
] diciaiy to settle the matter. As far as the right
to the seat is concerned, it is a matter of.compara-
tively small- importance, as, Mr. Brown will no
doubt be here in a day or two, but it involves the
question of pay and mileage. .
M r. FESSENDEN. So far as I am concerned,
I object entirely to recognizing Mr. Wilson as a
Senator even until his successor copies, and I
think that the Senate is in full possession of all
the facts, and may decide the case without pref-
erence to the committee. There are. some tfeipgs
of which we mtfst take cognizance anyhow, and
I am unwilling to establish what would seem to
be a very bad precedent, or (if not establishing it)
to recognize any former one that 1 believe to be
entirely unfounded in right. 1 do not know that
I shall object to letting the matter go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to be inquired intoj though
I hardly see any necessity for that; but Ido seri-
ously object to the appearance or recognition of
Mr. Wilson as*a Senator from Missouri, even
until his successor appears. I believe that mat-
ter has been settled too often to admitof any dis-
pute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agree with the Senator
from Maine in regard to the precedent, if I am cor-
rectly informed; but I thought it better, as the right
of a member, or an alleged member, was involved,
that the Committee on the Judiciary should give
their opinion, not to settle the matter for us, but
for the accounting officers of the Senate.- i have
no objection, however, if the Senate so desires,
to taking a vote directly on the right of Mr, Wil-
son to a scat.
Mr. HALE. I did not happen to have the
good fortune to hear the remarks of the Senator
from Maine or the Senator from Ohio. In regard
to this matter 1 have but one feeling. I do not
see what will be gained by referring it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to have a report made
and voted upon. That has been done, and done
repeatedly, and I do not see how another report
on the same facts will mend the record as it now
stands. This question was raised in the case of
the gentleman alluded to by the honorable Sena-
tor from Vermont, in the case of Judge Phelps,
and was elaborately considered, it so happened
at that time that the Committee on the Judiciary 
to whom the subject was referred, contained a
member who would shortly after be situated in a
condition exactly liko that of Judge Phelps,and
•who was then expected soon to be ih that con-
dition. A committee, made up of members one
of whom it was known would soon be in the same
situation—I allude to Mr. Williams—presented a
report in-favor of Judge Phelps's right. The
Senate reversed the decision of the committee;
and presently the same question precisely did
come up in the case of Mr. Williams who made
that report, and it was again voted upon almost
unanimously by the Senate. The question has
been referred,considered,deliberated upon,acted
upon, and if the Senate can make a solemn judg-
ment that will bind themselves, they have done
it repeatedly in this case, and I think that a proper
degree of self-respect requires of the Senate, until
there is some new consideration presented, to ad-
here to their own repeated decision.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, as a per-
sonal friend of the late Senator from Missouri,
and for whom I entertain great respect, I desire
to make one remark. The law of this question
has been settled for a long time. All old Sena-
tors know that this gentleman has not a present
right. I am very sorry that he thinks he has; but
all persons who have studied parliamentary law
as it has been administered in this Republic for
years and years, know that he has not a right to
a place in the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I am, perhaps,
not sufficiently advised of the facts in this case to
form an opinion. I think the whole question,
however, depends upon a single fact, and that is
whether the Legislature of Missouri has adjourned
or whether it is now in session. If the Legisla-
ture of Missouri only took a recess last spring,
and has never adjourned bine die> I think that the
Senator from Missouri is entitled to his seat until
his succcssor shall appear here to be sworn. I
think the precedents are that way. I think the
precedents arc thatwhen the Executive of a State
appoints a Senator, he holds that position until the
Legislature meets and elects his successor, or the
Legislature adjourns. If the Legislature adjourns
without having clected a Senator, the presump-
