1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1G5S
A Senator. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire would say "yes."
Mr. ANTHONY. I know the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] would say " Yes."
He would abolish both the Academyand the Court,
and I can well suppose that the policy which would
abolish the one might abolish the other. But al-
though such an examination would not be infal-
lible, it would, if properly organized and properly
conducted, accomplish much toward the reform
which all admit to be desirable, if it be practica-
ble. It cannot be doubted that the young men
who would come out best from such a trial would,
as a body, be superior to those who are selected
upon mere personal preferences, and these prefer-
ences generally not for themselves, but for their
parents; not on account of any opinion of their
qualifications, but as a recognition of the political
services of their fathers.
But, again, it was objected when I made this
proposition a year ago that it was not equal, be-
cause, in going to any given place of 6xammation,
some young men would have further to travel
than others I If this objection had notbeen gravely
made by men for whom I have the highest re-
spect I should be tempted to call it puerile. A
boy asks the privilege of going a hundred miles
to the place of examination, and is told that he
cannot have it because another boy will have to
go two hundred miles, and another but fifty, and
it is not equal! The fact that either of them
would go five hundred miles on foot for the op-
portunity of competition is not taken into the ac-
count. On the same principle our elections are
not equal, for one man must travel further than
another to reach the polls. For a boy who can-
not obtain the means to travel from his home to
the place of examination—and there will be very
few such of those who would be likely to pass
high in the examination—the plan proposed would
be no worse, certainly, than the present system;
for those who have the means the difference in
the distance of travel is too small an item to enter
into the account.
No plan can be made perfectly equal. Shall we
therefore refuse to make a large advance toward
equality? Certainly the system which invites a
competition from all who are in a condition to
avail themselves of it is more equal than that
winch excludes all competition. But although
equality in the advantages of the Academy is very
desirable, and although the amendment proposed
would be a long step m that direction, it is not for
that reason that I urge it. It is not to give all the
young men an equal chance for the Academy, it
is to give the Academy a chance for the best young
men; and although even under this system the
best young men will often fail of success, it can-
not be doubted that many more of them will en-
ter the service than under the present system.
Nor will the advantages of this competition be
confined to those who reach the prize for which
so many will struggle. An incalculable although
an incidental benefit will accrue to the thousands
whose youthful hearts will be stirred by an hon-
orable ambition, and who will cultivate their
minds by liberal studies and develop their phys-
ical power by manly exercises in the struggle upon
which the humblest may enter, and in which the
proudest can obtain only what he fairly earns.
Under the present system the Academy wastes
full half its strength upon boys who never ought
to be admitted, and whose natural incapacity do-
rives but little benefit from the par tial training that
they receive there. Under the system proposed,
the Academy would exert its influence upon thou-
sands of the brightest and most aspiring boys all
over the. country, stimulating them to the pursuit
of such studies and to the formation of such habits
as, if they fail to carry them to West Point, will
help to conduct them to usefulness and honor m
whatever path of life they may choose.
But again, wc are met with the objection that
this proposition is impracticable, that it looks
very well on paper, but that it cannot be canied
into effect. Let us see. It is quite safe to con-
clude that what has been done can be done, and
that what wise and judicious people do, and per-
sist in doing after experiment, is proper to be
done. Which is the most waihke nation of Eu-
rope? What nation of Europe has earned mili-
tary science to the highest degree? What nation
of Europe has the greatest genius for organiza-
tion ? You will say the French. Let us see what
is their system. I read from the report of the
commission appointed by Congress in 1860 to
visit the Military Academy at West Point and
report upon the system of instruction; a commis-
sion of which you, Mr. President, [Mr. Foot,]
were a member:
"Among the European systems of military education,
that of Fiance is preeminent. The stimulating punciple
of competition extends throughout the whole system; it
exists in the appointment of the student, m Ins progress
through the preliminary schools, in his transfer to the higher
schools, in his promotion to the army, and in his advance-
ment in his subsequent career. The distinguishing feat-
ures of the French system are thus described by the British
commissioners."
The characteristic points of the French system
areas follows:
<c 1. 'I'Tie proportion, founded apparently upon principle,
which officers educated m military schools are made to
bear to those promoted for service from the ranks. 2. The
mature age at which military education begins. 3. The
system ot thorough competition on which it is tounded. 4.
The extensive State assistance afforded to successful can-
didates for entrance into military schools whenever their
circumstances require it." ******
"Admission to the military schools of France can only
be gained through a public competitive examination by those
who have received the degree of bachclor of science from
the lycees or public schools, and from the orphan school of
La Fl&che.
"A powerful influence has thus been exercised upon the
character of education in France. The importance of cer-
tain studies has been gradually reduced, while those of a
scientific character, entering more directly into the pur-
suits of life, have been constantly elevated.
•' The two great elementary militaiy schools are the
School of St. Cyr and the Polytechnic School. These, as
well as the other military schools, are under the charge of
tho Minister of War, with whom the authorities ot the
schools are in direct communication. Commissions m the
infantry, cavaliy, and marines can only be obtained by ser-
vice in the i an Its of the auny, or by pacing successfully
through the School of St. Cyr, admission to which is gained
by the competitive examination alieady referred to."
Again, the commission say, speaking of the
School of St. Cyr:
"The admission is by competitive examination, open to
all youths, French by Until or by naturalization, who, on
the l-Jt of Januaiy preceding their candidature, weie not
less than sixteen and not moie than twenty years old. To
this- examination are also admitted soldieia m the lanks be-
tween twenty and twenty-five years, who, at the date of it*
commencement, have been actually in service in their regi-
ments tor two years.
"Aboaid of examiners passes through France once every
year, and examines all who pie entthem&elve:  having the
prescribed qualifications.
" A list ot such candidates as are found eligible for ad-
mission to St. Cyr is submitted to the Minister ol War.
The number ot vacancies lias already been determined,
and the candidates admitted aictakeiun the older of met it."
" Twentv-seven,oi sometimes a greater number, are an-
nually, at the elosi- oi their second vearof study, placed in
competition with twenty-five candidate* from the second
lieutenants belonging to the aimv, 11 so many are forth-
coming. for admission to the staff schonl at Pim-J. Tin*
advantage is one object which seives as a stimulus to ex-
ertion, the permission being given according to rank m the
classification by order of incut."
In regard to the Polytechnic School, the com-
mission say:
" Admission to the school i-*, and has been Fjriee it* fn.-t
commencement in 1791, obtained by comp> tition m agen-
da! examination, held yeaily, and open to all. Eveiy
French youth between the ages of sixteen and twemv (or
if in the aimy up to the age of twenty-five) may offer him-
self as a candidate."
This is the system which was organized by
Carnotand adopted and extended by Napoleon.
It is the system under which the French army
has attained its perfection of organization, its high
discipline, its science, its dash, and its efficiency.
But not the French alone have adopted the com-
petitive system. In England, all whose traditions
are aristocratical, where promotion in the army
has so long been made by patronage and by pur-
chase, the sturdy common sense of the nation has
pushed away the obstructions that have blocked
up the avenues to the army, and have opened
them to merit, come fiom what quarter it may.
In the commencement of the Crimean war, the
English people were shocked at the evident mfe-
nonty of their army to the French. Their offi-
cers did not know how to take care of their men,
or how to fight them. And although in the end
British pluck and British persistence vindicated
themselves, as they always have and always will,
it was not till thousands of lives had been sacri-
ficed that might have been saved under a better
system. No French officer would have permitted
that memorable charge at Baiaklava, which was
as remarkable for the stupidity that ordered it as
for the valor that executed it, and which lias b<>en
sung m verses nearly as bad as the generalship
which they celebrate. After the war the English
Government, with the practical good sense which
usually distinguishes it, came, without difficulty,
to the conclusion that merit was better than family
in officering the army,and thatit was more desir-
able to put its epaulets upon the shoulders of
those who could take care of their men and lead
them properly than upon those who could trace
their descent to the Conqueror, or whose uncles
could return members of Parliament. Accord*
ingly, the Royal Military Academy, which had
been filled, as ours is, by patronage,-was thrown.-
open to public competition. On this subject I
quote from the very interesting and valuable re-
port of the visitors of the Military Academy at
West Point for the last year:
"The same principle was applied to appointments and
promotion in the new regiments called foi by the exigen-
cies of the great war in which England found herself en-
gaged.
"Subjects, time, and place of examination were offi-
cially made known throughout the kingdom, and commis-
sions to conduct the examinations were appointed, com-
posed of men of good common sense, military officers, and
eminent practical teaeheis and educators. The results, as
stated in a debate m Parliament five years later, on ex-
tending this principle to all public schools, and ail appoint-
ments and piomotions in every department of the public
service, were as follows: in the competitive examinations
for admission to the Royal Military Academy candidates
from all classes of society appeared—sons of merchants,
attorneys, clergymen, mechan ics, a nd noblemen, ami among
the successful competitors every class was represented.
Among the numbei was the son of a mechanic in the arsenal
at Woolwich, and the sou of an earl who was at-that time
a cabinet mmistei—the graduates of national schools, and
the students ot Eton, and other great public schools."
***********
" On tins point, Mr. Edward Chadwick, in a report be-
fore the National Social Science Association, at Cambridge,
in J862, says:
" < Out of an average three hundred patronage-appointed
cadetsat the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, for offi-
cers of engineers and the artillery, during the five years pre-
ceding the adoption of the piiriciple of open competition
for admission to the Academy, there were fifty who were,
alter long and indulgent trial and with a due regard to in-
fluential parents and pauons. dismissed for hopeless inca-
pacity for the seiviceof those scientific corps. During the
live subsequent >ear , which have been years of the open-
competition pi inciple, there ha«not been one dismissed for
incapacity. Moreover, the general standard of capacity has
been advanced. An eminent professor of this university,
who has taught as wcli under the patronage as under the
competitive system at that Academy, declares that the
qualttv of mind of the average of the cadets has been im-
proved by the competition, so much so that he considers
that the present average quality of mind of the cadets
there, though the sorts of attainment are different, has been
brought up to the average ot the first-class men ofthis (Cam-
bridge) university, which of itself is agrcatgain. Another
result, the opposite to that which was confidently predicted
by the opponents to the principle, has been that the aver-
age physical power or bodily strength, instead of being di-
minished, is advanced beyond the average of their prede-
cessors.' "
J read this also from the same report:
"Another result of immense importance to the educa-
tional uiteiests of Great Britain had followed the introduc-
tion of the«eopen competitive examinations for appoint-
ment^ to the military and naval schools, to the East India
service, a>- well as to fill vacancies in the principal clerk-
ship-? in the w,n, admnalty, ordnance, and home depart-
ments of the Government. A stimulus of the most healthy
and powerful kind, worth more than millions of pecuniary
endowment, has heen given to ail the great schools of the
countiy. including the universities of England. Scotland,
ami Ireland. As'soon as it was known that candidates,
giaduatcf of Trinity College, Dublin, had succeeded over
competitor fiom Oxford and Edmburg in obtaining valua-
ble appointments in the East India setvice, the professors
m the latter universities began to look to their laurels. As
>oon as it was known to the"master of an> important school
that some of his leading pupils might compete in these ex-
aminations, and that his own leputation as a teacher de-
pended in a mea=uie on the s-uecess or failure of these pu-
pils, he had a new motive toimpart the most vigorous and
thoiough training to his whole school."
Such has been the result in France and in Eng-
land. We are not without examples at home.
The competitive system has been tiled in repeated
instances here m the appointments both to the
Military and the Naval Academy. Several Repre-
sentatives in Congress, with a conscientious sense
of the responsibility resting upon them, have given
their patronage to the result of general competi-
tion, among them the gentleman who so ably rep-
resented , i i\ tho last Congress, the district in which
I live. The results have been most satisfactory.
Here, again, I will quote from the leport of the
boviid ol visitors to the Military Academy at West
Point:
"The piinciple itself, of selection by merit, either in the
mode of public examination or of careful and seaiching in
quiiv by competent and impaitial educators designated for
lluspuipo.-e bv the parties to whom custom, and not law,
had a-si"ned the grave lespon-ibiluy of nominating candi-
dates*, has been voiuntaiily applied in several congressional
districts. Not a cadet known to have been thus selected
a.id appointed has evdi broken down from want of vigor of
