10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
tion is that that sovereign State waives its right
to have a Senator on this floor; but until the Legis-
lature has a session and adjourns, I believe that
the Senator appointed by the Executive holds his
place here. Now, if I understood the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] yesterday, he
said that the Legislature was now in session; that
in March last it adjourned to a then future day.
I understood by that adjournment to a day, that
it- took a recess. If it were only a recess, the
Senator from Missouri (Mr. Wilson) is entitled
to his seat urftil the person elected by the Legis-
lature to fill the vacancy, Mr. Brown, presents his
credentials here. 1 confess that I should like to
have this question go to the Committee on the
Judiciary, that they may have an opportunity of
investigating and reporting the whole facts, or the
single fact to which I have referred, for there is
but one that is of any weight to my mind.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Mr.President, I am real-
ly quite indifferent about it. I simply rose for the
purpose of saying that I considered the matter
very clear, though not upon grounds that other
gentlemen assume. I was one of the twelve that
voted in favor of* the right of Mr. Phelps to a scat
in the Senate under the appointment of the Gov-
ernor until his successor was appointed, whether
the Legislature in the mean time liad adjourned or
not. 1 listened vcry.carefully to the debate in that
case. I think the argument of Judge Phelps was
about the ablest I ever heard upon any question,
and it convinced me of his right; that the true con-
struction of the Constitution was, that a person
appointed a Senator by the Governor of a State
to fill a vacancy occurring during the recess of the
Legislature, held until his successor was elected
by the Legislature. That was my opinion; it re-
mains so. But, sir, the Senate by a very large
majority decided otherwise; they decided that if
the Legislature had metand adjourned without an
election, the right of the person appointed by the
Governor ceased; he ceased to be a Senator. I un-
derstand further, (and of that I am not fully aware;
I am so informed by a Senator,) that in the sub-
sequent case of Mr. Williams, from New Hamp-
shire, the Legislature had met and adjourned over
without electing a successor, but hud not finally
adjourned, and that that distinguishes his case.
But the Senate held in that case that the meeting
of the Legislature, and an ad journment to another
day, a distant day, without an election, opeiated
in the same way. I state this on information, but
I do not know whether it is correct or not 
Mr. FOOT. It is.
Mr. FESSENDEN, The Senator from Ver-
mont informs me that that is the case. That
would apply, if there had been no election, in the
case before us of Mr. Wilson. But, sir, 1 put it
upon another ground. I hold that the Senator
thus appointed is entitled to his seat until his suc-
cessor is elected; and that is this case. We know
(and gentlemen, in settling these questions, must
be understood to know such things,) we know
very well, at least as well as we know that there
was an adjournment of the Legislature, that a
successor was chosen. We know that there is
no dispute about that fact. We know that before
this Congress met, in November last, the Legis-
lature elected Mr. Brown to fill this very place.
That is a matter of common information. Not-
withstanding that, Mr. Wilson, knowing that
fact, and knowing, too, that the gentleman thus
elected would be here in a short time, not know-
ing but that he would be here on the first day of
the session to take his seat, chose to travel on
here from the State of Missouri to take a seat in
this body. With what view? Simply and solely—
I can put no other construction upon it—that he
might put into his pocket the amount of money
allowed for the travel fiom the State of Missouri,
on the technical ground that his successor has
not appeared. Now we see how, if we could sup-
pose such a thing possible between honorable gen-
tlemen—I do not suppose it—that these two gen-
tlemen might come on here both at the same time
to take their seats, and that Mr. Brown, to ac-
commodate Mr. W tlson, who has not been elected,
might say, " Go in, sir, take your seat on the first
day, arid I will stand back; draw your pay and
travel, and I will come in on the second day."
Such things might be if they were not honorable
men.
But you see, sir, the ground upon which I put
it is this: when Mr. Wilson knew perfectly well,
as we all know, as everybody knows, that his
successor was elected before this Congress met,
the idea that he should come here on any techni-
cality to take his seat in this body is entirely con-
clusive with me as to any right whatever to draw
his pay for doing so. I resist to the utmost the
precedent; we ought never to establish it. It is
an entirely new case, so far as that is concerned,
for there has been none before in the history of
this body, where a gentleman, knowing that his
successor was elected and about to take his seat,
undertook to come on and hold a seat here for a
day^or two until the successor appeared. The
thing is unknown to the parliamentary history of
this body, and we ought never to give any sanc-
tion to it under any circumstances. I presume
Jflr. Wilson has acted under what seems to me a
misapprehension in regard to it; but the facts as
they stand, known to everybody, known to every
member of the Senate, are enough to show that
we ought to be very careful how we give any
sanation to such a thing under any circumstances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the passage of the
resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
resolution read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ' I apprehend that it will
be premature to refer the question to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, the committees not hav-
ing been formed as yet. It really does seem to
me that this is a question which can be settled in
the Senate at once; and, by way of getting at the
sense of the Senate, I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out all after the word "Resolved,"
and inserting " that Hon. Robert Wilson is not
entitled to a seat in the Senate."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SAULSBUIIY. I wish to ask whether
the credentials of Mr. Brown have been pre-
sented to this body and filed. I believe he is not
present personally. Is there any evidence here
of his election ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the credentials have not been
presented here.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to say, by way
of being understood exactly in my position, that
1 understand it has been the rule in all bodies of
this high order, that they must understand things
historically as well as by the presentment of evi-
dence. If a Senator knows by proper testimony
that another Senator is not entitled to his place,
he is bound to affirm it by his action in the Sen-
ate. This is no court of law, where the techni-
calities of the common law obtain, nor is it any
inferior organization. It is a body where the
right has to be maintained in its highest form.
We know there is another Senator entitled to this
place, and we cannot ignore that fact; we have no
right to do so.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted, as follows:
Resolved^ That Hon. Robert Wilson is not entitled to a
seat in the Senate.
ELECTION OF A CHAPLAIN.
Mr.FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
l?csoii'Crf,TliiU atone o'clock, p. m., to-morrow, the Sen-
ate willptoceed to the election ot a Chaplain for the Thirty-
Eighth Congiess.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That leave be granted P. Hickcy to withdraw
his petition and papers from the files of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any objec-
tion to the consideration of this resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire if
there has been any adverse report in that case?
Mr. CONNESS. I will state, for the inform-
ation of the Senate, that the petition and papers
referred to were presented in 1858. There was no
adverse report on the subject. They are now in
the hands of the Secretary of the Senate. The
petitioner desires to possess them, in order to pre-
sent his claim to the Court of Claims. That is
the purpose in asking leave of the Senate to with-
draw them.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
clined to think thattheparty hastherightto with-
draw his papers undertherule of the Senate. The
Chair, however, will put the question on the res-
olution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ORGANIZATION OF CONGRESS.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Hon. Edward McPherson, us
Clerk, announcing that a quorum of the House
of Representatives had assembled, and had elected
Schuyler Colfax, one of the Representatives
from Indiana, Speaker, and were now ready to
proceed to business.
The message also announced that the House
had appointed a committee of three, to join the
committee appointed on the part of thoSenate,to
wait upon the President of the United States and
inform him that a quorum of the two Houses of
Congress had assembled, and that Congress was
ready to receive any communication hemightbe
pleased to make; and thatthecomnntteeconsisted
of Mr. Elihu B. Washburne of Illinois, Mr.
F. A. Pike of Maine, and Mr. J. A. Giusyvold
of New York.
NOTIFICATION TO TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following order; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of Rep-
resentatives that a quorum of the Senate has assembled,
and that the Senate is ready to proceed to business.
RECESS.
Mr. HALE. Is there any business before the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not.
Mr. HALE. Then I move that the Senate
take a recess for half an hour.
The motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The committee appointed to wait on the Pres-
ident of the United States having returned, the
Vice President resumed the chair.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, the committee ap-
pointed for that purpose have, according to order,
waited upon the President of the United States,
and informed him of the presence of a quorum of
each House of Congress, and of the organization
of the House of Representatives, and thatthe two
Houses were ready to receive any communica-
tion which the President might be pleased to
make to them. The committee received for answer
from the President that he would communicate
his annual message to the two Houses of Con-
gress to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, December 8, 1863.
The House met-at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal ofyestet day was read and approved.
ORGANIZATION OS1 THE HOUSE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed on the
part of the House, to join such comniiitee as may be ap-
pointed on the part of the Senate, to wait on the President
of the United States and inform him that a quorum of the
two Houses is a^omblod, and that Congress is readv to re-
ceive any communication he may make.
The SPEAKER. The Senate must be in-
formed of the organization of the House as well
as the President of the United States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the usual motion, that
the Clerk of the House be requested to inform the
Senate that the House has organized and is ready
to proceed with the tiansaction of the public busi-
ness.
The motion-was agreed to.
ELECTION OF CLERK.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the election of officers to complete
the organization of the House.
