12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Sweat,
Voorliees, Wadsworth, Ward, Chilton A. White, Joseph
YV. White, and Fernando Wood.
For Mr. I'eUon—Messrs. Nelson and Stebblns.
For Mr. Kuld—Me^t-rs. Radford and Winlield.
William S. King, of Minnesota, having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast, was declared
duly elected Postmaster of the House of Repre-
sentatives for the Thirty-Eighth Congress, and
took the oath of office prescribed by law.
COMMUNICATION FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the joint
committee of both Houses appointed to wait upon
the President of the United States and inform him
that both Houses were organized and prepared
to receive any communication he desired to make,
reported that the committee had performed that
duty, and that the President had stated that he
would, at half past twelve o'clock to-morrow, send
his annual message to Congress.
REPRESENTATIVES FROM VIRGINIA.
Mr. DAWES presented the credentials of
Messrs. Segar, Kitchen, and Chandler, Rep-
resentatives elect from the State of Virginia, and
moved that they be referred to the Committee of
Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
medal to general grant.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution of thanks to
Major General Ulysses S. Grant, and the officeis
and soldieis under his command, during the rebel-
lion, and providing that the President of the Uni-
ted States shall cause a medal to be struck, to be
presented to Major General (Jrant in the name of
thepeople of the United States of America.
The joint resolution received its several read-
ings, and was passed unanimously.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
withdrawal and reference of papers.
Mr. F1SNTON asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have withdrawn from the files of the
House, and referred to the Court of Claims, the
Courtof Claims report, and bill (C. C. H. R. 256)
accompanying it.
drawing for seats.
Mr. PlICE offered the usual resolution for the
drawing of seats by members.
union prisoners of war.
Mr. COX. Before taking a vote on that reso-
lution, I ask leave to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Ilesolval, That the President of ihc United States be re-
spectmlly and urgently requested to take immediate steps
lor iho oxchangft of sucU of our pu>oncis as arc now con-
fined m the piisons of ttic South; and that he he requested
to communicate to this House all correspondence m the
War Dcpaitmeiit with refoience to the exchaugc of pus-
oner.-*.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
resolution should lie over for a day.
Mr. COX. I think not. The matter is very
urgent. These prisoners need our care more than
we do ourselves. I will say to the gentleman from
Illinois 
The SPEAKER. This debate can only be in-
dulged by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask (lie gentleman from
Ohio whether ho doubts that they have been taken
care of as much as they can be.
Mr. COX. i think not.
Mr. STEVENS. That is a question of delicacy
Mr. COX. It can do no harm to urge upon
the President of the United States action in this
matter. At the beginning of this contest there was
110 cartel for the exchange of prisoners. I intro-
duced a resolution here which passed this House
almost unanimously, and which also passed the
Senate, to facilitate that exchange. The pirates
who were imprisoned in Philadelphia were at
oncc given up by the President; and our soldiers
who iiad been detained in retaliation for their im-
prisonment were also released. That was an act
of humanity which Congress did properly attend
to at that time. I know, Mr. Speaker, that the
condition of some of these soldiers even yet, not-
withstanding the attention and chanty of men at
the North, is almost too horiible to be conceived.
! debate in
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.
order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated it could
only be indulged in by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I objected
to the introduction of the resolution.
Mr. COX. Only one word more 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say that the gentleman knows very well the Ad-
ministration has done everything that could be
done,.consistent with honor, to effectan exchange
of prisoners.
Mr. COX. Have I impugned anything the Ad-
ministration has done? Cannot one express some
earnestness, some an xiety about this matter, with-
out gentlemen telling us, "Oh, you impugn the,
Administration?" The gentleman is too swiftin
making his charges.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman that debate cannot be indulged in,
objection being made.
Mr. COX. Well, I wish simply to say that I
think that before members adopt a resolution to
draw for scats, and provide for our own conven-
ience, we had better see if we cannot do some-
thing for our suffering prisoners.
DRAWING FOR SEATS AGAIN.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Pike was
agreed to.
In execution of the order of the House, the
members and delegates retired outside the Hall,
and, as their names were drawn, reappeared and
selected their seats.
the enrollment act.
Mr. SPAULD1NG. I give notice to the House
that I will on to-morrow, or some subsequent day,
introduce a bill to amend the act entitled "An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes," by repealing the com-
mutation clause and the clause that provides for
distinction of classes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman that, under the rules, notices of bills
must be filed with the Clerk; and if they wish to
have them appear in the Globe, a memorandum
should be handed to the reporters.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, presented
the memorial of C. W. Cairigan, contesting the
seat of M. Russell Thayer
Also, the memorial of John Kline, contesting
the seat of Leonard Myers; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
On motion of Mr. STROUSE, (at ten minutes
after three o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wf.dnesdah, December 9, 18G3.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was icad and approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Treasurer of the United States,
communicating, in obedience to law, a certified
copy of his account of receipts anil expenditures
for the service of the Post Office Department for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 18C3; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter of the Treasurer of the United
States,communicating, in obedience to law, copies
of his accounts with the United States for the
third and fourth quaitors of the fiscal year 18G1,
and the first and second quarters of the year 18G2,
asadjusted by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury; which was ordered to lie oil the table.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOSTER, presented a resolution of the
General Assembly of the State of Connecticut in
favor of such a modification of the act entitled
"An act for enrolling and calling outthe national
forces, and for other purposes," that town or-
ganizations in that State may have credit for the
number sent on former calls for men; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill providing
for the payment of the officers of the 4th and 5th
Indian regiments.
He also gave notice of his intention to ask lea ve
to introduce a bill providing for auditing the claims
for losses of property in the recent raid upon the
city of Lawrence, Iiansas.
Mr. POWELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to prevent officers and
soldiers of the Army of the United States from
interfering with elections in the States.
bill introduced.
Mr. HALE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 2) granting a pension to Ellen M. Whipple,
widow of the late Major General Amiel W. Whip-
ple, of the United States Army; which was read
twice by its title, and laid on the table temporarily
until the organization of the standing committees.
president's message.
At half past twelve o'clock, Mr. JohnG. Nico-
lat, Secretary to the President of the United
States, appeared below the bar and announced
that he was directed by the President to deliver
to the Senate a message in writing.
The President's annual message was delivered
to the Chair, and the Secretary read it and the
accompanying proclamation. [The message will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. FOOT. I move that the message and
accompanying documents lie on the table, and
that the usual number of copies be printed for
the use of the Senate. A motion for an extra
number will be in order when the Committee on
Printing shall have been formed.
The motion was agreed to.
election of a chaplain.
Mr. FOOT. The Senate will now proceed, I
suppose, to the execution of the order of yester-
day, to elect a Chaplain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
now proceed to execute the order of yesterday
for the election of a Chaplain. Senators will be
kind enough to provide themselves with ballots,
and the pages will pass the ballot-boxes on each
side of the Senate Chamber.
The ballots having been deposited, collected,
and canvassed, the result was announced, as
follows:
Whole number of votes, 42; necessary to a
choice, 22; of which—
Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D., received... 21
Rev. D. V. McLean, D. D 17
Rt. Itov. John H. Hopkins, I). D 1
Rev. 11. A. Aithur •  1
Rev. 1\ D. Gurlev  1
ltov. Thomas P. Duibm,D. D   1
And there were four blanks, which were not
regarded.
There being no choice, the Senate again pro-
ceeded to ballot, with the following result:
Whole number of votes, 40; necessaiy to a
choice, 21*, of which—
Rev. Ryron Sunderland, D. D., received........... .21
Rev. D. V. McLean, 1). D 16
Rev. L. B. Denm.-    1
Rev. T. P. Din bin  1
Rev P. D.OuiJcv  I
Mr. Sunderland having received a majoiity
of the votes cast, was declared to be duly elected
Chaplain to the Senate for the Thirty-Eighth
Congress.
TIIANKS TO GENERAL GRANT.
During the ballot for Chaplain, a message from
the House of Representatives, by Mr. McPhku-
son, its Clerk, announced that the House had
passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) of thanks
to Major General Ulysses S. Grantand theofficers
and soldiers who have fought under his command
during the rebellion, and providing that the Presi-
dent of the United States shall cause a medal to
be struck to be presented to Major General Grant
in the name of the people of the United Slates ot
America.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
concur in the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate is now
dividing, and no motion is in order at this time.
When the election of a Chaplain was consum-
mated—
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I made a motion to take
up and concur with the resolution just presented
from the House of Representatives; but it is more
