3010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
est connected with the people of the United States,
aii&ftoTticulariy with the prosperity of the iron
interest. What is the result of that prosperity?
Every dollar that has been earned by these com-
panies has gone into new founderies, new ma-
chine shops, new mills; and to-day what we want
is- not foreign iron, but the foreign skilled labor-
ers to work up our own iron; and that is pre-
cisely what we are receiving by thousands. We
wish not to take their iron, but to take their mm
who make iron; arid the high prices that this
prosperity has enabled bur iron-mastera to pay
for labor is utterly denuding England of her most
skilled labor at the time when we require it. Sir,
*this isthe first instance in the history of the world
that in time of civil war immigration into the
country engaged in civil war has increased. It
is increasing beyond all precedent. At first im-
migration fell off. We received very few immi-
grants the first year of this war; but to-day the
Governments of Europe are actually trembling
at the monstrous tide of (skilled immigration that
is seeking our shores and seeking our high prices
of labor.
As I said before, I rejoice at nil this prosper-
ity. I do not care if the iron-masters did make
last year, as the Senator says, 50 per cent. The
result is that we have 50 percent, more facilities
next year than we had for increasing our product;
and again we shall have perhaps more than 50
perccnt. additional of skilled laborers to use those
facilities in its production. 1 would go for a
higher duty than the committee have recom-
mended if i could hive an opportunity to vote
for it.
Mr. WILKINSON, It would be unjust in me
to do so, but perhaps I should do so, too, if we
had as large an iron interest in Minnesota as they
have in Michigan.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr.Presidont.ithasnot
been the policy of Congress to discourage rail-
road enterprises, but on the contrary the policy
has been to encourage them. That policy has
been shown in the huge grants of lands to aid m
the construction of railioads. In .short, a lew
years sineo the duties upon railroad iron were
remitted by acts of Congress, and I believe in
some cases those duties were paid back after they
had been paid into the Treasury,so as to encour-
age the construction of important lines of rail-
road.
A Senator who lias lived in the eastern portion
of the Confederacy cannot very well judge to what
extent the construction of a railroad develops the
country adjoining it; I would not undcituke to
say to whatextent. It is a very surprising spec-
tacle that is presented immediately after the con-
struction of a railroad through a section of coun-
try. The lands that have lain wild and waste
are immediately settled upon and improved; thoy
become a source of wealth to the country. The
whole country is advantaged, as Congress has
declared by its policy for a number of years, by
the construction of railroads especially in the
newer States. Who can judge of the advantages
to the country by the construction of two or three
railroads that will go over the State of Iowa; two
or three railroads running from the eastern to the
western boundary of Minnesota; two or three
railroads running westward across the State of
Kansas? Why, sir, it would open tip an im-
mense region of country that is now lying waste,
and it would fill the Treasury to some extent from
the production of that labor; more, f undertake
to say, than we shall realize by an oppiessive
tax upon railroad iron.
But what is the argument now ? We propose
to place an enormous tax upon railroad iron. Of
course every Senator admits that to that extent
"it discourages railroad enterprises. The argu-
ment is that we mustencourage the production of
railroad iron in our own country. It is the old
doctrine of a protective policy which has beenex-
ploded in this country, which is not the doctnne
of this country now, and advantage is being taken
of the present condition of the country to fasten
that policy upon us; a policy to which, I think,
the Noithwcst will newr agiee.
But take this single cas-.: 1 find in (lie internal
revenue bill that passed tho Senate veiy recently
that raihoad iron produced in the country is
taxed ^3 on the ton, whiie tins bill proposes to
lax imported u^Iroad iron above $15 on the ion,
taxing the imported .'ii'tk'je above more than
that which is produced in the country. And yet
different Senators say that this interest is likely
to languish under a discrimination like that!
They cannot insist upon it; and the Senator from
Kansas is well supported in his position that
scarcely any interest of the country has made
money more rapidly than the iron interest since
the tax that was imposed two years ago.
I am in favor of a fair tax upon railroad iron,
but I am not in favor of one which will bo a bur-
den upon the enterprises that are being under-
taken in the Northwest. Indiana has no inteiest
in this question, for her railroad system is sub-
stantially completed; but Iowa, Minnesota, and
Kansas, States in the development of which we
all feel an interest, arc largely to be affected by
this policy.
Mr. CONNESS. Add my State, if you please.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know to what
extent California is interested in it; but, sir, it
seems to me strange that during one week of this
session we shall pledge the credit of the Govern-
ment to build a railroad from the Missouri nv« r
westwaid to the Pacific ocean, and during the
next week of the session a policy shall be advo-
cated that will oppress an enterprise of that sort.
1 am not in favor of such a policy. I shall be
happy to see a railroad constructed to the Pacific
ocean, but I feel an equal interest in the construc-
tion of railroads in thegieat States of the Noith-
west, those States in winch Now England as well
as Indiana has u large interest.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot agree wilh the Sena-
tor from Indiana that the people of the East do
not appreciate the value of a railroad. They ap-
preciate it very largely. They know very well
that it adds to the value of every acre of the soil;
they know very well that it adds to the value of
every ton ot coal; they know very well that it
adds to the value of every coidof wood and every
hundred of the hay and eveiy bushel of the corn.
But that is not the only inteiest. We aio in a
condition in which we need a revenue ami must
have a M;venue,or the country must perish; and
if the country perishes, your acres, your coal,
your wood, ana your corn will become of very
little value. I submit to the Senator from Indiana
that if lie wi-ll just look at the tax that we pro-
pose to put upon railroad iion it is smaller in
comparison than the duty upon almost any other
article in the whole catalogue of the tariff. We
do not tax it 20 per cent., nor 19 per cent., as the
value of h on is now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to understand
the Senator. This will be a duty of $15 in gold
upon what he assumes now to be the value in
paper money. Railtoad iron is not worth more
than ${)0 a ton in gold.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have been paying all along to
the Senator that I had not made the distinction
and did not propose to make the distinction in
regard to the currency. We cannot adjust the
tariff upon that basis. A ton of railroad iron is
wouh in New York from §115 to $,320 in cur-
rency, and the tax on that ton of railroad iron is
not 19 per cent.
Mr. L1EMDRICKS. Certainly, if the Sena-
tor will allow me to mteirupt him, he must make
his calculations upon a gold basis when hejjn-
dertakes to tax an imported article, because the
importer must pay for it in gold. Our green-
backs will not pay for an article that is produced
abroad; but you are taxing an article which
when it comes into out ports must be paid for in
gold, and the tax is to bo paid for in gold.
Mr. CLARK. I understand, precisely, that
that will be so substantially if the tax was laid
for to-day and only to-day, and things were to
continue as they ate; but we hope they are not
to continue. We are legislating for the country
for a long series, it may be, of years; at least for
years. While I would go with the Senator, and
would encourage railroads, and if the country
was at peace and her Treasury was full would
be even willing to make the duty the very lowest
consistent with our manufactures at home, yet
when we need a revenue I submit to the Senate
we cannot be expected to do it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am unwill-
ing to say that we are now legislating on thus
matter for a long number of years. Indeed, I
rt'gard our present legislation as temporary or
provisional in its character. It is to meet the ex-
igency of ihc hour; and it is on that account pre-
cisely that I am ready to follow the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, at least in opposing
the proposition of the Senator from Kansas,
Let me say, sir, what I have said very often on
this floor since this rebellion has begun, that on
important propositions there is one rule which I
have always followed, and, by the blessing of
God, I will follow to the end. It is this: show
me how I can best contribute to the strength and
the resources of my country, and in that way en-
able it to reach that end which we all desire, and
I shall vote for it. At this moment I know no
way in which I can contribute more than by add-
ing to the financial resources. Show me, there-
fore, how I can best secure means with which to
carry on the war to its successful close, and I
shall vote for it. If, therefore, by pUcing the tax
at 70 cents I can promise myself a larger income
than by placing it at 60 cents, I shall vote for 70
cents. Therefore, as I have said, to that extent
I follow the Senator from Maine.
Rut the question remains (though we are not
to vote upon it immediately; the first vote h to
be taken on the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas) as to the recommendation of the committee.
The committee propose to cut down the House
proposition fiom 80 to 70 cents. On that I do
not know that the Senator from Marine explained
himself with perfect clearness. Indeed I did not
understand whether in his opinion, after the in-
quiry which he has necessarily given to the sub-
ject, he was satisfied that this interest would not
bear a tax of 80 cents, and in that way be more
productive to the country than a tax of 70 cents;
because if it would be more productive to the
country than 70 cents, I should be disposed to
adopt it. But as our first vote is to be taken on
the proposition of the Senator from Kansas, I hay
nothing more on the other question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Kansas to augend the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, by striking
out "70" and inserting "GO."
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.t TRUMBULL. I should like to know
one thing before voting on this question. Tlu;
Senator from Massachusetts assumes that 70 cents
will raise more revenue than GO cents, and seems
to intimate that 80 cents will raise moie than 70.
I have been informed that orders that were issued
for the importation of iron have been counter-
manded m consequence of the icsolution recently
passed adding50 per cent, to the tariff. I should
like to know (for I have only conversed with one
or two persons about this) whether there is any
information which is regarded as reliable to show
that by putting a. duty of 80 cents or 70 cents on
the bundled pounds we would derive a larger rev-
enue than from a duty of 60 cents. I am informed
that the effect of putting the duty so high is to
prevent the importation of iron.
We might pass a non-intercourse act, and the
Senator from Michigan I think avowed himseifin
favor of that. We are now in the midst of this'
war spending hundreds of millions of dollars for
the purpose of enforcing a non-intercourse act
upon our enemies, guarding their coasts. Wg sup-
pose that that is one of the means of putting down
these rebels which the Senator from Massachu-
setts desires. If we voluntarily impose a non-in-
tercourse act upon ourselves, and it must be upon
the ground that a non-intercourse will help us,as
the Senator fiom Michigan seems to think, in
that event wc had better withdraw our fleets and
open to the commerce of the world these rebel
ports; for that would ruin them the soonest, ac-
cording to his view. This is nota mathematical
matter, I am aware; but still persons who have
dealt in iron and who understand the railroad
tiansactions of the country and themanufacturing
interests of the country would be able to arrive at,
probably, an approximate correct statement. 1
did not like the principle which was avowed by
the Senator from Maine as the reason for adding
to the amount of revenue heretofore imposed. Ho
placed it, as I undeistood him, solely upon this
proposition: that we have lately passed an internal
revenue bill in which we have imposed an addi-
tional tax upon the manufacturer of railroad iron
in this country, and we must therefore impose a
corresponding additional tax upon iron that is im-
