1863.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
in accordance with the proceedings in the Senate
that all matters of this kind should go to a com-
mittee. Although 1 have no doubt whatever that
we shall arrive at the same result, 1 move now,
instead of concurring in the resolution, that it lie
on the table until the Committee on Military Af-
fairs shall have been appointed, and 1 shall then
move its reference to that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives will have
its first reading.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) of thanks
to Major General Ulysses S. Grant and the offi-
cers and soldiers who have fought under his
command during this rebellion, and providing
that the President of the United States shall cause
a medal to be struck to be presented to -Major
General Grant in the name of the* people of the
United States of America, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will not bury the resolution. The
whole country knows, without its being repeated,
what General Grant has done; the history of his
transactions is before the world; and I presume
every Senator i« ready, without investigation, to
vote for the resolution. I think it would be much
more appropriate to pass it aiLonce as it has come
from the House of Representatives, and unan-
imously ; and I hope we may have the unanimous
consentof the Senate—that, of course, is the only
way in which it can be done—to its consideration
and passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
ask the unanimous consent of the.Senate for the
further consideration of this resolution at the pres-
ent time ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection?
Mr. FESSENDENrose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine rise to object?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise to make a remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The whole thing
is out of order unless the subject is before the Sen-
ate; and it isnotbefore the Senate unless they con-
sent to considerit. The Chair hears noobjection.
The Senator from Maine.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Maine took the
Hoor, and of course, while he had the floor, no-
body else had a right to rise. The Chair now says
nobody has risen to object. Nobody had aright
to rise.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine was not rccognizcd for the purpose of ad-
dressing the Senate. The Chair inquired i** he rose
to address the Senate; but if another Senator had
risen to interpose an objection, the Chair would
have recognized in that Senator a preliminary
right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the President had al-
lowed me to be heard, he would have perceived
that I rose for the purpose of asking unanimous
consent to make a remark in the present stage of
proceedings before the resolution was taken up.
The VfCE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
proceed, if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say that I in-
tended to object, but I rose to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to make a single remark in
response to what was said by the Senator from
Illinois, and, if there is no objection, I suppose I
can do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection; the Senator will proceed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I wished to say
was this: I presume there is no Senator who is
not perfectly lendy to vote for this resolution. I
am, for one. I acknowledge and feel the services
of General Grant and his army as sensibly as any
man present,and 1 ceitainly shall not putmyself
in the attitude of interposing a single objection to
the present consideration of the resolution, because
that would be invidious; but I rose simply for the
purpose of saying that in my judgment it will be
quite as acceptable to General Grant and that army
to have the regular coarse of proceeding taken,
the resolution referred to and reported back from
the committee with the unanimous recommenda-
tion that it pass, and then a unanimous vote upon
it, as to take it now on the instant, on the ground
that nobody will object to it. The reason why,
in my judgment, that would be quite as compli-
mentary and better, is this: although we may
have no doubt about it in this particular case,
there may he other cases in which we may doubt.
It will be quite as complimentary, I say, and we
shall fchus gain. How gain? "By not setting a
bad precedent, and not having it said to us here-
after with reference to these matters, " You did
it in the case of General Grant; why withhold it
now?" and having everything go contrary to the
rule and order of a dignified body which has rec-
ognized modes of doing business. 1 cannot con-
ceive of anything that is to be gained b,y breaking
over the ordinary and customary rule, while I can
see that much may be lost, by exposing ourselves
to the precedent that we shall have thus estab-
lished in the beginningof the session. 1 am op-
posed to it on principle, because I have seen the
evil effects, time and again, of our acting like a
town meeting, thinking because there is no dis-
pute on a particular subject we must therefore
push it at the instant. Still, sir, 1 shall not put
myself in the position of objecting to the consid-
eration of the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I presume that the Sena-
tor from Maine, as well as myself, desires to ex-
press this compliment in the mostgratifying way
to General Grant and the brave soldiers under his
command. I thought it would be, perhaps, more
acceptable to have passed the resolution at once,
by the unanimous consent of the Senate, without
its reference to a oommiuee. If, however, it will
be more agreeable to the feelings of a single Sen-
ator, who 1 know feels, as I do, a great debt of
gratitude to General Grant and the brave soldiers
he has led, I shall not ask unanimous consent for
its consideration to-day. I shall not press that, if
the other course is thought more agreeable, for I
wish to put no Senator in the position of object-
ing to a resolution which I know in his heart he
is for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; I am for it
with all my heart.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw mv motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the resold
tion will lie on the table, for reference at the appro-
priate time.
USB OF CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY".
Mr. WADE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a joint resolution, and if
there be no objection I shall ask for its present
consideration.
Leave \\Tas granted to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S, No. i) allowing the use of the Congres-
sional Library to the justices of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia; and it was read the
first time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let that lie on the table,
and go to a committee when the committees shall
have been appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It being objected
to, the resolution will lie over.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. _____
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 9, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
to the House that, unless there be objection, he
will present to "the House each morning such
executive communications as may be upon the
Speaker's table, to be disposed of unless they give
rise to debate; in which case they will be with-
drawn and taken up in order.
No objection was made.
treasurer's accounts.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting the accounts of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States for the third and fourth quarters of
1861, and the first and second quarters of 18G2;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed. s
POST OFFICE EXPENDITURES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting the uccouuts of the Treasurer of the
United States, of the receipts and expenditures of
the Post Office Department for fhe year 1863;
which was referred to the Committee on Expend-
itures of the Post Office Department, and Ordered
to be printed.
YISIT TO RUSSIAN FLEET. .
The SPEAKERalsolaid before the Hoasethe
following communication from the Secretary of
State; * , '
Unofficial.] * - Department or State,
Washington* December 1863.
Sir: Admiral Les?ovv ki has Intimated to me a Wish, on
his part and that of the other officers of the JtuMthi* imva{
vessels now here, to receive on hoard of them members of
Congress and the ladies of their families. I wtft Conse-
quently thank you to ascertain and In me know when It
would be agreeable to members to make ttm vi&lt.' - 8
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedieutsprvftnu
WILLIAM H. SEWABD.
Hon. Scxiuvldr Coi/FAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous'consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which w-as rfeatl,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the invitation of Admiral Lessowsfci be
acceptcd, and that Saturday of this week, at noon, be
for sueh recopuon. and that the Clerk be requested to com-
municate the action of the Hou<e to the Secretary of State.
ADJOURNMENT OVER, ,
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to make the privileged
motion, that when the House adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is longer than we ca 
adjourn under the Constitution.
Mr. STEVENS. It has frequently been done.
There are only three working days intervening.
However, if there is objection made, I will with*
draw the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the consideration of the following resolution,
yesterday submitted by Mr. Cox, and laid over
for one day under the rules:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully and urgently requested to take immediate steps
for the exchange of such of our prisoners as are now eon-
fined in the pusons of the South; and that he be requested
to communicate to this House ail correspondence in the
War Uepaitment with reference to the exchange of ptis-
oncrs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend that resolution by striking outaIl.after*the
word " resolved," and inserting the followingi
That this House approve of the constant and statesman-
like efforts of the Administration to secure the exchange
of our prisoners now in the hands of the rebels; and that
it is heieby recommended that such efforts be continued to
secure the exchange of our prisoners now in southern pris-
ons.
Upon that amendmentl ask the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. As this is all unnecessary, I
move to lay the whole subjcct on the table.
Mr. COX. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is to be any diffi-
culty about this matter, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. COX. I think I was entitled to the flooi
upon this resolution when it came up this morn-
ing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was entitled
to the floor; but lie did not claim it, and the Chair
awarded it to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suggest to my colleague
that he modify his substitute by adding after the
word " statesmanlike'' the word " humane."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I will ac-
cept that amendment, and now renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. MALLORY addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. MALLORY. I raise the question of order
that the gentleman having withdrawn his demand
for the previous question to introduce his amend-
ment, debate is now in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
renewed the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX. I do not think there was any re-
newal of the demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair states that he
heard the gentleman from Illinois renew the de-
mand for the previous question, and that settles
the question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
