1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
the chairman. He came here suddenly, unex-
pectedly. He was an important witness, and the
testimony in the case showed that I could not get
his evidence at the time, he being absentfrom St.
Louis. He came here, and following the exam-
ple of the contestant himself, who procured testi-
mony to be taken after the time allowed, took it
without notice, and had it incorporated in the
printed testimony before the House, which will
have its influence whether excluded or not. All
such testimony, as gentlemen are aware, will
make its impression upon the minds of those who
are to decide upon the case. Here is this testi-
mony, taken without authority of law, printed by
the House without the House knowing that it
was not taken legally. Ail I ask is that I may
have the same privilege as that exercised by the
contestant. Whatever he has to say against this
witness will be judged of by the House. 1 submit
the question to the House on the simple statement
that the contestant has already done what I now
ask; he took the testimony without notice to me,
and I gave him notice that I would take this tes-
timony.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri whether he designs having this referred to
the CommitteeofElections by orderof the House,
to be treated by the committee as testimony prop-
erly taken?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not care how
it is referred. Itcan be referred as the other testi-
mony taken by the contestant precisely in the same
way, and which has been laid before the com-
mittee.
Mr. WILSON. Is the gentleman willing, in
the event of thecommitteeexcluding the affidavits
submitted by the contestant, that this testimony
also shall be excluded?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Unquestionably. I
desire it may go before the committee, and stand
piecisely upon the same footing as the testimony
which the contestant had icfened without giving
the House notice that the testimony was not taken
legally.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me make a suggestion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 should be glad to
hear the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the testimony he referred
to the committee to judge of its legality oil all
points.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I accept that.
Mr. DA WES. It has been taken without au-
thority of law. The gentleman does not claim
that there is any authority of law for this testi-
mony. If it is to be referred to the Committee of
Elections to decide whether it was legally taken
yesterday, I think that that committee are ready
to say that this testimony taken yesterday was
not taken under authority of law. The gentle-
man conies here for the authonty of law.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman has stated that
testimony has been taken by the contcstantsince
the time fixed by huv, and I have no objection
to this testimony going before the committee on
the same footing as that taken by the contestant.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That is all I ask.
Mr. DA WES. A re the committee to consider
themselves a^ instructed by this reference?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missonii. They are to judge
of this as the other taken by the contestant.
Mr. DA W ES. This is not ex parte testimony.
This has been taken on notice to the contestant.
Mr. WILSON. Therecould have been no no-
tice by H\v.
Mr. DAWES. The committee want to know
how they aie to tieat the testimony. I speak for
the committee in saying that it is no part of their
duty to seek tor or to turn from testimony which
the 1 louse lefers to ilium to consider.
Mr. DUAIONT. if the testimony he referred
to the committee, they still retain the power of
ruling it out if they think it is not proper. All
these questions go befoie the committee.
Mr. BLAIR,, of Missouri. Testimony was re-
ferred to the committee by the contestant, of the
character of which the llouse was not apprised.
It was taken after the time, without notice to me.
This testimony has been taken oil notice to the
contestant.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it is just as well
to have an understanding about this tiling. Per-
haps the gentleman from Missouri will find him-
self differing with the Committee of Elections.
Mr. BLA III, of Missouri, i should be very
sorry to differ with the committee just now on a
question of this kind. On any other I would not
care so much.
Mr. GANSON. Will thegentleman from Mis-
souri yield to me ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. GANSON. I suggest that the Houee re-
fer this testimony to the committee, to be treated
by the committee in the same manner as the testi-
mony taken after the expiration of the time fixed
by act of Congress.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That suggestion I
am perfectly willing to accept.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask a question of
the chairman of the Committee of Elections. I
did not understand the facts in this matter as he
developed them. Did I understand him to say
that this testimony, proposed to be referred, was
taken on notice to the contestant, and that it was
in the power of the contestant to have been pres-
entand cross-examined?
Mr. DAWES. This testimony wastaken yes-
terday morning in this city by notice given to the
contestant by the sitting member.
Now, if referring the testimony to the com-
mittee this morning does not alter the character
of it, or give it authority under the statute, then
thegentleman will find himself, in the committee-
room, with this statute in his face. If thegen-
tleman says that he only desires this to be re-
ferred precisely as the affidavits that came before
the committee, then he will find testimony re-
ferred to the committee, to-morrow morning in the
committee-room, that 'has been taken outside of
the statute, precisely as the affidavits are.
Mr. GANSON. And be treated in the same
manner.
Mr. DAWES. But if the gentleman claims
that the reference this morning is virtually au-
thorizing and legalizing the testimony, that is all
we want to understand.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Iam perfectly will-
ing that it shall be taken iu any way.
Mr. COX. I would inquiie what is the con-
dition of the resolution as amended ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Missoui i to move as follows: that
the testimony shall be printed and referred to the
Committee of Elections, to be considered by the
committee as of.the same weight with other evi-
dence before the committee taken after the time
jirescnbed by law.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. And treated in the
same manner?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. BLAIIl, of Missotui. With that I am
satisfied.
Mr. UPSON. If I rightly understand the po-
sition taken by the contestant in reference to this
testimony it is this: that testimony cannot be
taken after the time fixed by law, except by leave
of the llouse. Granted. Taking that view of the
case, when this testimony was taken by the sit-
ting member, he himself considered that it was
unauthorized, and therefore the contestant did not
appear nor make any eioss-exaimnatioii what-
ever, deeming (hat the proper remedy to be pur-
sued by the sitting member was first to apply to
the House for leave, and then to give the contest-
ant notice and take the testimony.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I*f the contestant
thought so, why did he take affidavits without
giving me any notice, and have them referred to
the committee? He referred to them in his open-
ing as testimony.
Mr. UPSON. If I rightly understand the con-
testant in this case he does not claim any benefit
fiom them. He does not consider them as ofany
importance. As the chairman of the committee
has stated, these two affidavits referied to, and the
affidavit of the sitting member are considered as
not evidence m the ease, and of no consequent
or importance. In this case, the notice given by
the sitting member being in contravention of the
law in refhience to taking testimony, the contest-
ant considered it as unauthorized and void, and
therefore did not appear to cross-examine. If,
in the first instance, applieanuii had been made
to the House, and lea^c given, he would liaie
considered it his duty to appear and cross-exam-
ine. As it is, the testimony here offered is ex parte.
No cross-examination of the witness appears.
Whether the witness is still in the city or not I
j do not know. This is reversing the practice under
the statute. Hence it would be improper to in-
troduce the testimony taken in this way, instead
of application having been made, in the.first in-
stance, for leave to take testimony.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will simply say'
that 1 took the course which I did take opoii the
suggestion of the committee themselves, '"Whew
I applied to them to allow the testimony "of thip~
witness to be taken, they did not suggest to me"
that there was any impropriety in that course.
They suggested the propriety of giving rtoliee. I
took the testimony, and now, when I ask the'
House to refer it to the committee, I am told that
the committee have decided beforehand that this
is null and void. I say I took the course I did in
relation to this deposition on the suggestion of a
member of the committee, who said he was au-
thorized to tell me that I had better do so.
Mr. GANSON. As a member of the Com-
mittee of Elections, I desire to say that they have
made no such decision. The action of the com-
mittee has been misunderstood by the gentleman
in that respect.
The SPEAKER. The question as it no w stands
will be stated by the Chair. Itismoved thatthis
testimony be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, printed, and be considered by the commit-
tee as of the same weight with other evidence
before the committee taken after the time pre-
scribed bylaw, and be treated in the same man-
ner.
Mr. STEVENS. I have heard some state-
ments since I made the previous suggestion. X
now learn that those ex parte depositions are ruled
out by the committee. This is ex parte in every
sense of the word, because there is no law requir-
ing the contestant to take notice of it. I think,
therefore, we had better decide the matter at once,
and vote down the application.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman says
that the ex parte evidence lias been ruled out by
the committee. A member of the committee upon
my right informs me that no such decision has
been made.
Mr. GANSON. Inasmuch as the attention of
the chairman of the committee does not seem to
be attracted to this statement, I will say that no
such decision has been made by the committee.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says the com-
mittee has already decided to rule out, and has
ruled out, the ex parte testimony taken by the con-
testant. 1 do notundersiand that anysuch decis-
ion has been made.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is correct in
saying that there has been no such formal decis-
ion. Nor has there been any decision that they
shall be received. I did "not suppose that any-
body would urge that such affidavits should be
considered as testimony.
In the committee, the contestant commented
upon those affidavits in his opening argument,
; without noticing, himself, the fact that they were
! affidavits. The sitting member on the second
I day made his proposition to bring this witness
before the committee,and thecommittee directed
his attention to the law upon the subject. He
then brought before us the man's affidavit, and
upon oursaying to him thatanaffidavitcouhl not
be considered as testimony, he called our atten-
tion to the. fact that there were two affidavits in
the testimony of the contestant. That was the
substance of the discussion upon the admissibil-
ity of such testimony; and I thought it was con-
ceded on all hands that such testimony as affida-
i vits could not be admitted. The discussion rose
j upon an affidavit which the sitting member'had
! in his hand, and wdiich he proposed to offset
agonist an affidavit already in the testimony of
the contestant. It was suggested to him that
neither that or his oAvu affidavit could be consid-
ered as testimony.
Mr. GANSON. I understood that all the doc-
umentary evidence which was in the printed rec-
ord came within the same category; and it was in
relation to that that I spoke.
Mr. DAWES. The question as to the admis-
sion of documentary evidence is altogether a dif-
ferent question, and depends upon a different state
of facts.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. It seems tome
the House should understand the precise position
of this matter before we vote upon the resolution.
If the resolution does not require the committee
to regard this as evidence it is a nullity, and it ia
