14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, John P. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Jacob B.
Biair, Blow, Boutweli, Boyd, Brandegee, Broomali, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Cole, Creswell, Henry Wititei Davis, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eck-
ley, Eliot, Farnsvvorth, Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Gooch,
Grinnell, Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jcnckes, Julian, Kaeson, Krt-
ley, Francis W. Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, Lovejoy, Mar-
vin, McBride, McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perhara,
Pike* Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck, Scofteld,
Shannon, Sloan, Suuthers; Spaulding, Starr, Stevens,
Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenhurgh, Hihu U.
Was-hbuine, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbrjdge—94.
NAYS—Messrs. James O. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James
S. Brown, Clianler, CofFioth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Den-
nison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridse, English, Finck, Ganson,
Grider, Griswold, Hall, Harding, Hairington, Benjamin (r.
Harris, Charles M. Harris, Ileirick, Ilnlman, Huteluns,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, ICalbfleisch, Kernan,
King, Knann, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory,
Marry, McAllister, McDowell, MeKinney, Middleton,
William H. Miller, James R. Moins, Morrison, Nelson,
Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Radford,
Samuel J.Randall, Robinson, Rogers Seott, Stebbins,Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stiles, Stiouse, Sweat, Voorliees, Wads-
worth, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Winfield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—73.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 4G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandcgee, Broom-
all, Junius S. Brown, William G. Brown, Ambrose W.
Clark, Freeman Clarice, Cobb, Cofiroth, Cole, Creswell,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deming,
Dixon, Donnellv, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Farns-
wortli,Fnnton,Fiank, Garfield, Goorh, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, lligby, Hooper, Hoieliklss, A-abel W. Hubbard, John
II. Hubbard, llillburd, Jencltes, Juliau, Kasson, Kelley,
Franeis W. Kellogg, Lazear, Loan, Longyear, Lovejoy,
Marvin, McAllister, McBride, MeCluig, Mclndoe, Samuel
F. Miller, Moorliead, Morrill, Daniel Moi ris, Amos Myers,
Leouaid Myers, Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, John
O'Neill, Ouh, Patterson, Peiham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,
William II. Randall, Alexander II. ltiee, John II. ltice,
Edvvatd II. Rollins, Schenek, Scofleld, Shannon, Sloan,
Smith, Smilhere, Spaulding, Stair, Stevens, Thayer,
Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu B. Washburne,
William B. Wa bbuin, Webstci, Whaley, Wheeler, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—10G.
nays—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Brooks, Chanler, Cox, Eden,
Eldridge, Finck, Ganson, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin
G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, l'hllip Johnson,
Kalbfleiseli, Kernan, King, Knapp, Le Blond, Long, Mal-
lory, Marey, McDowell, McKinney, Middleton, James 11.
Moiris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Pendleton, Perry, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers. Scott, Stiles, Strouse,
Sweat. Voorliees, WadsworUi, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W. White, and Fernando Wood—46.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM HIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of the
United States was here received byMr.NicoLAY,
Private Secretary of the President.
The message was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read. [It will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
The reading of the message was frequently in-
errupted by applause.
PRINTING OP THE MESSAGE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the message be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that fifty thousand copies
be printed for the use of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion for the printing
cf fifty thousand extra copies of the message will,
under the rules, be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The motion to refer and print the usual num-
ber of copies was adopted.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
ten minutes to two o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 10, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with law, the accounts
of the superintendent of Indian affairs for the
southern superintendency, for the first and second
quarters of the year 1863, of disbursements for cer-
tain Indian tribes; and also the accounts of the
said superintendent of disbursements for the third
quarter of 1863; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from the
president and students of the Meadville (Penn-
sylvania) Theological School, in which they earn-
estly pray that Congress will pass, at the earliest
practicable day, an act emancipating all persons
of African descent held to involuntary service or
labor in the United States. I move that it lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I present the petition of H.
Gould Rogers, grandson of Edward Rogers, an
officer of the revolutionary Navy, praying com-
pensation for the revolutionary services of his
grandfather, and for moneys expended by him
during the revolutionary war. I ask thatitmay
lie on the table until the committee appropriate
to the subject shall have been announced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be pursued.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a petition from
paymasters' clerks, in the several pay districts
throughout the United States, and also a petition
from certain paymasters on the same subject, re-
spectfully requesting that the act of Congress,
approved August 12, 1848, be so amended as to
increase the annual pay of paymasters' clerks to
$1,400. The petitioners suggest that, In consider-
ation of their duties, expenses, and risks of life,
they are entitled to remuneration at least equal to
that of clerks in similar positions in the civil de-
partments of the Government. I move that it lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of Com-
modore William D. Porter in behalf of himself
and the officers and crew nf the gunboat Essex,
askin" for bounty for the destruction of the rebel
iron-clad ram Arkansas,undertheactofCongress
in relation to that subject; and I move that it be
laid on the table until the committees shall have
been appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. GRIMES gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill entitled an act to en-
courage enlistments in the naval service of the
United States, and to credit such enlistments upon
the military quotas of the respective States.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a biU to repeal all acts of
Congress for the rendition of fugitive slaves.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 10, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
INDIAN DISBURSEMENTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Department of the Interior,
transmitting aecounts of the superintendent and
agents of Indians in the southern superintend-
ency, as required by act of Congress, for disburse-
ments made for various Indian tribes; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
INVITATION TO VISIT THE RUSSIAN FLEET.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following unofficial letter from the Secretary of
State:
Unofficial.] Department op State,
Washington, December 9, lobo.
Sir : The Russian minister has intimated to me that the
Admiral will be ready to receive members of Congress and
the ladies of their families on Saturday next. Boats will
be ready at the navy-yard at twelve o'clock, noon, on
that day, to take them on board.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
WM. H. o-hWAxll*.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What dis-
position has been made of the letter ?
The SPEAKER. It was only read for the
information of the House.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
BILLS UNDER THE RULES.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to give notice of the
introduction of a bill.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules the notice
of the introduction of bills can be sent, in writing,
to the Clerk's desk, and will be en cred upon the
Journal. Otherwise the Clerk will not be able to
know what bills and joint resolutions it is pro-
posed to present. The Chair deems it necessary
to make this statement at this time.
States will now be called forrcsolutions, under
which bills on leave maybe presented, beginning
with the State of Maine.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ot Illinois. Are bills to
be introduced for reference?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But there
are no committees.
Mr. PENDLETON. That does not matter;
the committees will be appointed. 1 call for the
regular order of business. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn. [Cries of "No!"
"No!"l
Mr. PENDLETON. Let us introduce bills
and joint resolutions, for reference.
The House refused to adjourn.
MISSOURI CONTESTED SEAT.  
Mr. HALL. I rise to a privileged question.
I present the memorial of Thomas L. Price, con-
testing the seat of Hon. Joseph W. McClurg,
Representative from the fifth congressional dis-
trict of Missouri, and move that it be referred to
the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness, which is the call of States for the introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. LOVEJOY. We have not yet elected a
Chaplain for this Congress.
The SPEAKER. If that be urged it will be
first in order, as it has been held to be a question
of privilege connected with the organization of
the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House do
now proceed to the election of a Chaplain for the
Thirty-Eighth Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Nominations are now in
order.
Mr. STEVENS. I nominate Rev. Thomas H.
Stockton, who was the Chaplain of the last Con-
gress.
Mr. SPAULDING nominated Rev. Frederick
T. Brown.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, nominated
Rev. Daniel Gans.
Mr. GRINNELL nominated Rev. W. W.
Wood, of Iowa.
Mr. ROGERS nominated Rev. N. Pettit, of
New Jersey.
Mr. DR1GGS nominated Parson Brownlow, of
Tennessee.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio, nominated Iiev. B.
A. Maeuire.
