1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in or-
der to be the consideration of three amendments
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to the legislative and judicial appropria-
tion bill, which were reserved for separate votes,
and on which the previous question wasdemanded
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens.]
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question. The Delegate from the
Territory of Utah desired to modify his amend-
, ment so as to make it acceptable to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KINNEY. Mr. Speaker, I moved yes-
terday an amendment in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to this bill for
the purpose of paying the legislative expenses of
the Territory of Utah for 1863-64. I believed the
amount named was necessary, but on consulta-
tion with the First Comptroller I find the whole
amount asked for in the amendment will not be
required.
1 desire to modify my amendment so as to
strike out " $20,000,"and in lieu thereof to insert
"$10,000." This, with the unexpended bafance
in the Treasury of near ten thousand dollars, will
be sufficient to meet the expenses of the Legis-
lature for the Territory for 1863-64. I was not
aware of this unexpended balance when I offered
the amendment on yesterday in Committee of the
Whole upon the bill. It is not sufficient, how-
ever, to defray the expenses of the Legislature,
and if no amendment had been offered the result
would have been no session of the Legislature for
Utah for 1863-64, or at least a very short one. I
find that Utah has been more saving of the public
money than her sister Territories, and that an un-
expended balance still remains to her credit, not-
withstanding the appropriation of only §6,000 at
the last .session of Congress for legislative ex-
penses. I will also, with the consent of the House,
withdraw the pioviso to the amendment for the
unexpended balance to be applied to finishing the
penitentiary, as it meets with disfavor from the
Committee of Ways and Means. I have a bill
pending, referred to the proper committee, asking
for an appropriation for that purpose, and I will
let it stand on its merits.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Kinney, as modified,
was concurred in.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
upon whieh a separate vote was asked, was to
strike out " £,600" and irvsert "$1,000" in lieu
thereof, in the following clause:
Foi compensation of one night-watchman at the public
stables and carpenteis' shops south of the Capilol, $600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment in order was to add the
following section to the bill:
Hec. 2. Jhidheitfuithcr cnaded, That for the purpose
of building a penitential y at, the town of Bellevue, in the
Teintory of Nebraska, £50,000 be and the same is heicby
appiopiiated, to be expended under the dneenon ofthe Gov-
ernor of said Temioty Pioiuhd, That a eontsact with ic-
apousiblc paitichcau lie made to complete a penitentiary
suitable ro the wants of the Tenitory for the said sum of
§50,000.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on the amend-
ment; and appointed Mr. Washburn, of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. Chanler.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 36; whereupon—
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 46, nays 4S; as follows:
YEAS—Mo^rs. James C. Allen, Andeison, Ashley,
Baily, Boutwell. Bo\d. Ohanler, Aminos YV Ci.irk, Cox,
tleniy Winter Davis, Thomas T. Jhivis. Dawes Dixon,
Uumontj EMmige, K.u inwoith. Gunnel], Hale, Charles, M'.
Ha.rus J'>lm IT. nubbatd, Julian. Francis W. Kelloirsr,
Law, Loan, Lomrvvar, McAllister. MeBnde. MeCluig,
Darnel >Iou is, James R. Morns, Morn^on,Noiton, (Jinnies
O'Neill, l'cihani, i'lie^, Rots, Smith. John 13. ritcole, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Upson, ElIhuB.Washburne, Whaley, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, and Yeaman—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Bpam?n, Riis?, BroomaN, James S.
Brown, Cobb,Cole, C'reswell.Dawson,Denmson,Eckley,
Eden, Ganson, Hardin?, Hamngton, Higbv, Ilulburd, Ker-
nan, Knapp, Le Blond, Long, Lovejoy, Maiiory, Marvin,
McICinney, Samuel F. Miller, Mortill, Nnbl<?, Odell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, John H.
Rice, Shannon, Spalding, Stevens, Stiles, Stuart, Thaver,
Thomas. Tracy, Wadsworth, William B. Washburn, and
Joseph W. White—48.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. LAW stated that Mr. Edgerton was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. A. W. CLARK made the same announce-
ment in reference to Mr. Van Valkenburgh.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Schenck Had paired
off with Mr. C. A. White, and Mr. Brandegee
with Mr. Rogers.
Mr. CRESWJELL stated that Mr. Smithers
had been suddenly called home in consequence of
severe illness in his family.
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Sloan was absent
on account of severe illness in his family.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, stated that
Mr. Moorhead and Mr. Kelley were absent on
business with the Naval Committee. Also, that
Mr. Leonard Myers was paired off with Mr.
ANC0NA,and Mr. Kelley with Mr. Middleton.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
All the amendments having been disposed of,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER- proceeded, as the regular or-
der of business, to call the committees for reports
of a private nature.
COMPENSATION FOR LOST SLAVES.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged from the further
consideration of a petition asking compensation
for lostslaves; and the same was laid on the table.
COMPENSATION OF ASSESSORS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Committee
on theJudiciary were discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of the assessors of
the fourth congressional district of Connecticut
for increase of pay; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
COMPENSATION OF MARSHALS.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back, with a
recommendation that it do notpass, a bill (PL R.
No. 309) to regulate the compensation of the mar-
shals of the United States court for the western
district of Virginia.
The bill was laid on the table.
SCHOOL LANDS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported back, with a
recommendation thai it do pass, a bill (H. R. No.
349) concerning ceitain school lands in township
forty-five north, range seven east, in the State of
Missouri; and moved to put the same on its pas-
sage.
The bill provides that all the right, title, and
interest of the United States in and to all the lands,
tracts,pieces,and parcels of Sand within the Grand
Prairie m township forty-five north of the base .
line in range seven east of the fifth principal me-
ridian line in the State of Missouri, which have
not heretofore been disposed of by the United
States, be granted, relinquished, and conveyed by
the United States in fee simple to the State of
Missouri, for the support of schools in said town-
ship, under certain limitations and restrictions
contained in the bill.
Mr. LOVFJO V. Is this a private bill r
The SPEAKER. It is a public bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not consider
it a public bill.
The SPEAKER* Bills of this character have .
always been held to be public bills.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask that the report be read.
The leport was read.
There being no objection to the consideration
of the bill, it was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
On motion of Mr. J. C. ALLEN, the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of L. J. Rose,
praying compensation for losses sustained by In-
dian depredations, and the same was laid upon
the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney* its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had-passed
an act (No. 112) for the relief of the heirs of Al-
mond D. Fisk, deceased; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House; and an act
(H. R. C. C. No. 116) for the relief of William
G-. Brown.
Also announcing that in the temporary absence
of the Vice President of the United States, Sena-
tor Foot had been chosen President of the Senate.
GERRITT HULLFISH.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of Gerritt
Hullfish praying compensation for property de-
stroyed by the United States troops at Haymar-
ket, Virginia; which was laid upoti the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act(H. R. C. C.No.
116) for the relief of William G. Brown; when
the Speaker signed the same.
FOREIGN COASTING TRADE.
Mr. LONGYEAR, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to repeal section two
jof an act entitled " An act to regulate the foreign
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of the United States, and
for other purposes," approved March 2, 1831;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It simply enacts that the
second section of the act referred to in the title be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. HOLM AN. Inasmuch as it is impossible
to understand the purport of the bill from the read-
ing of it, I hope some explanation will be given.
Mr. LONGYEAR. I send to the Clerk's desk
letters from the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Secretary of State, which explain the matter.
The Clerk read the letters, as follows:
Treasury Department, January IS, 1864.
Sir: I have the honoi of transmitting a communication
from the Secretary of State, relative to tonnage duties &c.,
imposed upon Aineuean vesseh> in the potts of the Biitiah
provinces; and to commend to your consideration his .sug-
gestion to repeal the second section oi the act of March 2,
ib3l, to regulate the foreign and coasting; trade on our north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern lrontiers.
With great respect, S. P. CHASE,
Secretary of the Tt easnry
Hon. E. B.WA.$nBWRsr..ChairmftnComiaiUeeof Commerce,
House of Repi e&enlatives.
Department of State,
Washington, 1November J3, 1863.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
communication, with its iuelosuies, touching the liability
of Canadian vessels to pay tonnage duty, under thefiiteenth
section of the miff act ot 186Q.
immediately upon the receipt of your letter inquiries
upon the subject wore addressed to our consular oiiicers,
and they were instructed to jcport upon the duties levied
upon American \es^els m ihe llntish provinces. The at-
tention of Mr. Abbot, an oincer of this Department, in his
recent visit to Canada, was also directed to tins subject.
I am informed that there i* no impetial or provincial en-
actment exempting American vessels from tonnage or other
dunes in the ports ot Canada. In some of the piovineiai
posts vauous duties rue levied upon Auienean vessels un-
der the name of >• light duties." <« hospital dues," " vvater-
policedues," ;thaibor-iuaster's fees," " pilotage,." "signal
fees.'5 These duties m the aggregate amount to a very con-
siderable sum. The <siight "duties" are regarded as very
oppressive, ecpecially upon our fishing vessels on the coast
of the ion er piovmces, especially as it is said the lights are
either eiuirely wanting or aie vety inadequate to their pro-
tection. Tin'' hffiit tax upon a vp^ei of one hundred and
filty tons passing through the Gut of Causo amounts to twen-
ty-seven dollars and iifty cents, which is regarded by the
