1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3013
Flint and spar, per ton of 2,000 pounds, cost in
Staffordshire $9 per ton and $20 in this country.
Coal per ton in England, of 2,240 pounds, costs
$2, and where this manufacture is going on $8 45
per ton. Labor is 200 percent, higher here than
it is in England.
Under these circumstances it seems to me that
the mere statement of the great contrast and the
character of the business to be thus protected is
sufficient to secure an increase of this duty to 50
per cent., which is considered by the persons who
are engaged in the business as essential for their
protection and the continuation of this useful
branch of industry.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I can say about it is
this: these gentlemen came to us and asked us for
5 per cent, additional and said that would satisfy
them, and we put it on. How much they ask now
through their Senators I cannot tell. I believe
there is but one establishment in New Jersey. We
gave them just what they asked for.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I fear there i3 some mis-
understanding about this, because the gentleman
who called upon me was referred by me directly
to the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You brought him in and
introduced him.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I broughthim to the door
of the committee-room. I not only had it from
his own mouth as to the rate of duty he desired,
but he also furnished me with a memorandum
stating that to be what he considered essential.
He did state and has stated in this letter that they
could scrape along upon 47j per cent.; that if I
could not succeed in inducing the committee to
give them this duty of 50 percent, ad valorem, they
could make out with 47| per cent. Under those
circumstances, according to my duty, I proposed
the highest duty that they asked. Without un-
dertaking to make any great point on this matter
*1 should like to have the views of the Senate on
this question after I have made this statement
showing the character of the business.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator suffer me
to ask him what is the present duty? Is it not
less than this ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. How have they been going
along?
Mr. TEN EYCK. They are going along by
industry and enterprise with their business, and
will be able to continue it, provided there is an
increased duty imposed on the foreign article suf-
ficient to enable them to pay the income tax and
the increased price of coal, labor, and all the ma-
terials embaiked in this business.
The Senator perhaps did notlisten to the state-
ment I made and the statictics I gave showing
that unless this particular kind of business was
protected it must be destroyed, for labor in this
country was 200 per cent, higher than it is in Eng-
land where this manufacture is caii-ied on exten-
sively, and the materials which go to make this
mechanism cost more in this country than they
do in Staffordshire, England.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The additional duty
which we require of them by the inteuial ievenue
bill is 2 per cent. We raised it from 3 to 5. The
duty on the foreign article was put up 5 per cent.,
and we have added 5 per cent, more, thus increas-
ing it to 10 per cent.; and if they got along by
industry and frugality before, I think they can
scrape along now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a very sad case that
the Senator from New Jersey makes. Some of
his constituents have gone into a business that is
not profitable, where the labor costs 200 per cent,
more than in England,and materials 300 percent,
more than they do in England. They have made
a bad investment; and in order to make the busi-
ness profitable which of itself is unprofitable he
wants to impose such a tax as will cutoff revenue
and prohibit competition from abroad, and com-
pel our people, who make some piofits in other
pursuits, to pay large prices to an unprofitable
business to enable them to go on. I think myself
that is the basis of the argument of the whole
upon me. I happen to be acquainted with these
gentlemen, and know them to be of the highest
character and standing in the community where
they live; none more so. They have started a
new enterprise in this country—one that is calcu-
lated to reflect creditand honor upon the mechan-
ism of the country. It is a young and infant
branch of business. Being industrious, active,
energetic, laborious men, they have been enabled
to make this thing work along. Their ambition
is embarked in it. Although they are influenced
as all other men are to have reasonable gains and
accumulations derived from their business, yet
still they are not such men as would desireeither
to preclude a fair competition or to prevent other
men keeping the just rewardsof theirlaborinthe
line of business they are pursuing.
I have brought this matter before the Senate
and I have endeavored to commend it to their
consideration with the full knowledge that these
men would ask no more than they reasonably
believed to be necessary for the carrying on of
their business. I have proposed the amendment
to the Senate, and they can do with it as they
see fit.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section nine, line twenty-six, after the word
" chalk"to insert " and cliffstone;" so that it will
read: "On white chalk and cliffstone, $10 per
ton."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine,after
line twenty-nine,to insert: "On whitingandParis-
white, 1 cent per pound. On whiting ground in
oil, 2 cenls per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine, after
line forty-three, to insert the following:
productive system;
but it has not been made
"quite so bare as the Senator from New Jersey has
made it. ,
Mr TEN EYCK. i trust that my fuends do
not sustain the character that the Senator from
Indiana seems to be disposed so willingly to c,tt,t
On cylinder and crown glass, polished, notexceeding ten
by fifteen inches rqnarc, Si cents per square loot; above
Iliilt, and not exceeding sixteen by twenty-four inches
square, 4 cent-, per square foot; above that, and not ex-
ceeding twenty-lour by tinny inches square, 6 cents per
equate'foot; above that, and not exceeding twenty-four bv
sixty inches, 20 cents per square foot; all above that, 40
cents per square loot.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine, line
seventy-two, after the word "plates to insert
the word "not;" so that it will read: "On all
cast polished plate glass, silvered, or looking-
glass plates not exceeding ten by fifteen inches
square, 4 cenls per square foot."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine, line
eighty-eight, after the word " sweetmeats" to in-
sert the word " or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ten, line
nine, after the word " annatto" to stiike out the.
word "aniline;" in line ten, after the word "of"
to insert " barytcs," and strike out the word
" cliffstone;" and in line twelve, after the word
" size" to strike out the word " nickel;" so that
the clause will read:
Fii-t tJn annatto seed, extractorannatto, crude barytes,
nitrate of baiytes, oaitmned indigo, crude tica, extract ot
-"illlower, fluislitns powder, gold size and patent size, co-
balt, oxyil of cobalt, smalt, zaffre, and terra alba, 20 per
cent, advulorern.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the next para-
graph, as follows:
Second. On albumen, asbestos, asphaltum, crocus col-
cottra blue or Human vitnol oi sulphate of copper, bone ot
Ivorvdrop black, imrroxnle, lose red, ultramarine,Indian red
and Spanish brown, "25 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend that
clause in the sixteenth line by striking out" rose
red." That is one of the autline dyes that 4S
afterwards provided for.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven, line
fifteen, after the word " pounds" to insert the
words " of lime, 25 per cent, ad valorem;' so that
the clause will read:
On acetate or pyiol ignite of ammonia, 70 cent® per pound ,
of barvtii, 40 cent's per pound ; of lion, sttontia,ond zinc, j
■ cent* pel pound; offend, 10 cents peipound; oi magnesia
! ;,„(i soda, .">0 cents per pound; of lime, 2o per cent, ad valoreu ■
\ The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The " 10" in the four-
teenth line of that clause should be " 20;" so as to
read, "of lead, 20 cents per pound." I move
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
after line sixteen to insert " on aniline dyes, 35
per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee authorize
me to move to amend that amendment by insert-
ing after the word "dyes" the words "$l per
per pound,and;" so that it will read: " On aniline
dyes $1 per pound,and 35 per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
after line twenty-five to insert: " On opium pre-
pared for smoking, 100 per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. I call the attention of
the chairman of the committee to the clause of this
section beginning at the twentieth line:
On articles not otherwise provided fnr, made of gold,
silver, German silver, or plauna, of which either of these
metals shall be a component part, 40 per cent, ad valorem.
I think the word " or" ought to be inserted
after " plauna."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) That word will be inserted if there
be no objection.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
after line thirty-four to strike out: " On cassia,
25 cents per pound; on ground cassia, 6 cents per
pound; on cinnamon, 40 cents per pound."
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are several amend-
ments here to which 1 feel inclined to call the at-
tention of (lie Senate, because they are important,
and there may be some difference of opinion con-
cerning them. The House of Representatives
raised the duty on spices very largely. The
Committee on Finance have stricken out all the
increased duties on spices. They were not, I be-
lieve, originally reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means in the House of Representa-
tives, although the committee afterwards moved
them. The increased duties in the House of
Representatives were put on the ground that these
spices are articles of luxury: cassia, cinnamon,
peppers, cloves, nutmegs, mace, &c. The Com-
mittee on Finance were very much disposed to
look upon them rather as articles of necessity
in common use than articles of luxury • It is un-
doubtedly true that, being articles not raised in
this country, and articles of which everybody
uses a portion, you can lay increased duties upon
them without any appaient difficulty; and the
duties were accordingly very largely increased by
the House of Representatives.
For instance, on cassia, which costs, I think,
somewhere about 13 cents a pound, the present
duty is 15 cents, more than 100 per cent. The
House of Representatives propose to impose a
duty of 25 cents. Cinnamon costs about 22j
cents a pound; the present duty is25 cents, more
than lOOpercent.; and the House of Representa-
tives propose to raise the duty to40cents a pound.
Cloves cost about 7] cents a pound; the present
duty is 15 cents, 200 per cent., and on that l"cy
lay a duty of 40 cents a pound. Mace costs 24
cents a pound; the present duty is 30 cents, and
that is proposed to be raised to  0 cents. Nut-
megs cost about 33j: cents a pound; the present
duty is 30 cents, and the House propose to raise
it 75 cents. Black pepper costs about G ce-nts a
pound; the present duty is 12 cents, and that is
raised in this bill to 20 cents. Red pepper costs
64 cents a pound; the present duty is 12 cents,
and that is raised to 25cents. Pimento costs about
5 cents; the present duty is 12 cents, and that is
raised to 20 cents. 1 may not be entirely accurate
in my statement of the cost of these various arti-
cles, but I speak from a table which has been fui-
nislied me, and which I believe to be substantially
correct.
Now, you may get a large revenue perhaps out
of these articles, calculating thatthe usual amount
will be imported and used.
Mr.TRUMBULL. How much?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not calculated it.
It is important unquestionably in a revenue point
of view. We have been pressed very hard, ana
