1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. COX nominated Bishop Hopkins, of Ver-
mont.
Mr. STEVENS nominated Rev. Nathan Lord,
of Now Hampshire.
Mr. WILDER nominated Rev. Mr. Channing,
of Washington.
Mr. LOVEJOY nominated Rev. Henry Ward
Beeclier.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I nominate
Rev. Mr. Channing.
The SPEAKER. He has been nominated
already.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw my nomination,
and go with my colleague for Rev. Mr. Channing.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Miller,
of Pennsylvania, Spaulding, Grinnell, and
Rogers, as tellers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
Clerk to read the 134th rule.
The Cleik read it, as follows:
" No person except members of the Senate, their Score-
tary, heads of Departments, the President's Private Secre-
tary, foreign ministers, the Governor for the time being of
any State, Senators and Representatives elect, and judges
of tlie Supreme Court of the United States and of the Court
of Claims, shall be admitted within the Hall of the House
of Representatives."
The SPEAKER. The notice of the House
being called to this matter, the Doorkeeper will
see that the rule just read is enforced.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce for
Chaplain. Before the result was announced, a
large number of members changed their votes,
concentrating on the two highest candidates.
The tellers made the following report:
Whole number of votes, 163; necessary to a
choice, 82; of which—
Rev. William Hemy Channing received   83
Rev. Bishop Hopkins  54
Rev. Thomas II. Stockton  14
Rev. B. A. Maguire  5
Rev. W. G. Brownlow   4
Rev. N. Pettit  2
Rev. Daniel Guns  1
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Channing—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, An-
derson, Arnold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Blaine, Jacob II. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brande-
Uoe, Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Creswell,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Du-
mont, Eckley, Eliot, Karnsworth, Garfield, Gooch, Grin-
nell, Hi by, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, ICelley,
Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, Lovejoy, Marvin, Mc-
Bride, McChirg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill,Daniel
Morns, Amo<? Myer^, Leonard Myers, Norton, Chailes
O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, PeiJjam, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,
Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins,
Sehenek, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Spaulding.,
Thayer, Tracy, Up^-on, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu B. Wash-
burno, William B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbudge.
For Mr. Hopkins—Messrs. James C, Allen. William J.
Allen, Ancona, Bliss, James S. Brown, Cofifioth, Cox, Cra-
vens, Dawson, Denni-^on, Eden, Edgerton, Eldndge, Eng-
lish, Cridcr, Hall, Harding, Ilainngton, Benjamin G. Harris,
Charles M. Harris, Derrick, Ilohnan, William Johnson,
Kalbflei^ch, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear,Le Blond, Mallory,
Marcy, McAllister, McDowell, McKinney,William H. Mil-
ler, James It. Morris, Nohon, Noble, Pendleton, Samuel
J. Randall, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scott, Steb-
bins, John B. Steele,Vooihees, Wadsworth, Ward, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Fernando Wood,
and Yeainan.
For Mr. Stockton—Messrs. William G. Brown, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Fenton, Fiank, Hale, Hutchins, Moorhead,
Odell, William H. Randall, Stevens, Stuart, Thomas, and
Webster.
For Mr. Magirire—Messrs. Chanler, Finck, Kernan,
Long, and JohnO'Neill.
For Mr. Brovnlow—Messrs. Augustus C. Baldwin,
Brooks, Driggs, and Whaley.
For Mr. Pettit—Messrs. Ganson and Rogers.
For Mr. Gans—Mr. Griswold.
Rov. William Henry Channing, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, having received a majority
t>f all the votes cast, was declared duly elected
Chaplain of the House of Representatives for the
Thirty-Eighth Congress.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I present the memorial of John
P. Bruce, contesting the election of Benjamin
Loan, from the seventh congressional district of
Missouri. 1 move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
ORDER OF PROCEEDING.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I call for the regular or-
der of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of States for resolutions, under
which bills of which previous notice has been
given may be introduced on leave.
Mr. FENTON. I ask for the reading of the
115th rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" Every bill shall be introduced on the report of a com-
mittee, or by motion for leave. In tlie latter case, at least
one day's notice shall be given of the motion in the House,
or by filing a memorandum thereof with the Clerk, and
having it entered on tljfi Journal; and the motion shall be
made, and the bill intioduced, if leave is given, when reso-
lutions are called for; such motion, or tlie bill when intro-
duced, may be committed."
Mr. FENTON. I have accomplished all I de-
sired by the reading of the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from
Barclay's Digest, page 20, the comment on this
rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The notice above referred to is rarely given In the
House, (it being in order to give it there only when leso-
lutions are in order,) but is usually given to the Clerk by
sending to him a written memorandum in this form: ' Mr.
gives notice that to-morrow or on some subsequent
dav he will ask leave to introduce a hillhere insert its
title."
The SPEAKER. Although the 115th rule
allows members the alternative of giving notice
of bills in the House, or by filing it with the
Clerk, really no member has the right to rise
and give such notice, without unanimous con-
sent, except when his State is called for resolu-
tions. This morning the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] demanded the regular order of
business, which was the call of States for Reso-
lutions. When the State -o'f New York was
reached, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fenton] would have been in order in giving his
notice, but at the time he proposed to give it it
was not in order, and could not be indulged in
without unanimous consent.
Mr. FENTON. I supposed that, as no objec-
tion was made in the House, that consent was
given.
The SPEAKER. Objection was made by the
gentleman from Indiana demanding the regblar
order of business twice, which shut out every-
thing but the regular order, except questions of
privilege and privileged questions.
Mr. FENTON. I presume that the notice I
gave was properly entered, but whether it was
or was not, I now move that the House adjourn.
The House divided, and there were—ayes, 78;
noes, 68:
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at half past one o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 14, 1863.
Prayerby the Chaplain,Rev.Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. MORGAN (in the temporary absence of
Mr. Henderson) presented the credentials of
Hon. B. Gratz Brown, chosen by the Legisla-
ture of Missouri a Senator from that State to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the expulsion of
Waldo Porter Johnson, for the term ending March
3, 18G7. The credentials were read, the oaths pre-
scribed by law were administered to Mr. Brown,
and he took his seat in the Senate.
FINANCE REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT kid before the Sen-
ate the annual report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the finances; which, on motion of Mr.
Fessenuen, was ordered to be printed, and a mo-
tion by him to print extra copies was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
APPOINTMENT Of COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the election of the standing committees of
the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require the
unanimous consent of the Senate. Is there any
objection ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask that the Senate, by-
unanimous consent, dispense with the rule which
requires that the committees shall be elected by
ballot. -
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection?
Mr. POWELL. I believe it has been the cus-
tom—with a single exception I know it has been
since I have had a seat on this floor—for the ma-
jority, in forming the committees, to make out a
list assigning to their own members the places de-
sired for them, and leaving blanks for the places
to be filled by the minority. The list of commit-
tees was passed to the minority for the purpose
of filling the blanks, and then the election oc-
curred in the mode indicated by the Senatorfl-om
Rhode Island. I' do not know whetherany gen-
tleman on our side has seen this list of commit-
tees or not. I merely wished to inquire of the
Senators in the majority if they had exhibited
their list to the Senators on this side, in order that
we might, in accordance with the custom which
has prevailed since I have been here, with the sin-
gle exception of the last Congress, have an oppor-
tunity of designating those whom we wish to be
upon the committees on our side.
Mr. ANTHONY. Perhaps if the Senator will
allow the list to be read 
Mr. POWELL. I do not ask that the list"be
read; I merely wish to know if Senators on the
other side of the Chamber have conferred with
any of the Senators on this side.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not aware of any
communication having passed between the ma-
jority and minority.
Mr. POWELL. I merely wished to make
that inquiry; that was all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the suspension of the rules? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to reply to
the suggestion of the Senator from Kentucky. I
served in a minority in the Senate for a number
of years, and I am quite sure that the majority
at that time, with whom the Senator from Ken-
tucky now acts—I do not remember that he him-
self was here—presented no list of committees to
the minority to fill up.
Mr. CLARK. It was done once or twice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was done sometimes,
but it was not the uniform practice of the majority
of the Senate. I served here for two years with-
out seeing a committee in session. I believe I
was placed on some committee, but it never met;
and I was placed there not by any action of the
minority with whom I acted, and which at that
time, I think, constituted fifteen members of the
Senate. I merely wish to correct the statement
of the Senator from Kentucky, as to its having
been the uniform practice, with the exception,
perhaps, of the last Congress, to submit a list of
committees to the minority of the Senate, leaving
blanks for them to fill. Such was not the practice
uniformly when the Democrats were in power.
They sometimes did so, and sometimes did not.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois desired to correct my statement.
My statement was in every particular correct. 1
did not state what had been the custom before I
entered this body. My statement was, that since
I had been a member of the Senate, the Demo-
cratic party, each session, sent to the opposition
a list of committees, leaving blanks for their party,
and they filled them. What the custom had been
anterior to that time I did not state, for 1 knew
nothing about it. That was the courtesy ex-
tended to Senators on that side when I served in
this Chamber with the majority; and I think as a
matter of courtesy it was proper in itself. I think
the majority ought, on all occasions, tg extend
that courtesy to the minority. I was pleased that
the party to which I belonged, when in the ma-
jority, thus acted. I thougntit right; and I think
now it would be a matter of courtesy, and it would
be eminently proper on the part of the majority,
to allow the minority to place their members on
such committees as they chose. Let the ma-
jority make out their committees, leaving blanks
for the gentlemen on this side of the Chamber,
and let this side fill up and pass back the list.
Mr. HALE. May I be allowed a word, sir?
I do not know what the question is; but I think
