Mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
stitution of slavery, appealing at once to the
pride and I lie parses of its votaries? It has in it
the soul of a thousand Stuarts; the blood of ten
thousand Bourbons. If the lapse of three quar-
ters of a century has not taught the royal family
of France forgetfulness, what lesson shall it bring
to this proud, ambitious system, humiliated but
not subdued, scotched but not killed? And yet
the comparison is scarcely a just one. France
drove forth the Bourbons, and England the Stu-
arts. Let us suppose them retained in their
midst; let us suppose that they had nurtured and
fostered them, and in the engrossment of other
pursuits had afforded them free scope for every
machination which cunning and ambition could
demise. What, Mr. Speaker, would have been
their fate, but well-deserved, complete, and con-
tinuous ruin ?
Yet this is what we are asked to do with this
dynasty, slavery! Worn with fruitless smug-
glings against us, dusty and bloody from a thou-
sand fields, with drooping jaws, glazed eyes, and
dejected visage, he asks shelter at our feet, re-
pose, protection; space to stretch his wearylimbs;
time for the exhausted juices of his body to re-
sume th^iraccustomed flow. Spare him but this
little while, and once more the monster will be
upon his feet, once more his roar will shake the
world, oncc more his talons will be dotted with
the flesh and blood of those near and dear to you
and I and all of us. God in His infinite mercy
spare us such a fate! Let death fail upon the
offender, slavery! This is no wrestling match
which the nation can relinquish and resume at
pleasure. This struggle means, and has meant
from the beginning, death to one of the combat-
ants. Why hesitate? Death let it be to the con-
quered. Let slavery die that the nation may live 1
But we are told that we cannot subdue the
South. Our answer is, \ot ate doing it /
But we are told by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fernando Wood] that no purely
agricultural people ever have been subdued. Our
reply is, that if that be so, we are great enough
to create precedents.
But I deny the statement. The gentleman from
New York has read history to little advantage if
he <loes riot know that the record of the world is
underlaid by two great facts—conquest and sub-
jugation. Turn to any point and the instances
crowd upon us. There are the vast conquests of
the Romans, and in turn the conquest of Rome
itself and its provinces by the northern tribes, a
conquest and subjugation which have endured
from that day to this. Upon what does the dy-
nasty and the nobility of England now rest but
upon a conquest achieved in a single battle, and
upon a Nuhjngiitiori which has remained unques-
tioned for neat ly a thousand years ? Uponwhat,
until the close of the last century, did the dynasty
and nobility of Fiance rest but upon a similar
conquest and subjugation? The great Revolution
was but the rising up of the subject Celt against
the dominant Goth. To come to a later epoch:
did not the French people, the most warlike m
the world, but a short time since fall uttei ly con-
quered and subdued at the feet of Europe, and
accept at its hands and obey for fifty years a form
of government and a dynasty repugnant to its
desires? Where is Poland? Alas! we hear its
unhappy cries ringing in the air. Is there no
such thing as the conquest and subjugation of a
purely ugiicuftural people? LetPoland answer!
In short, if we take away from the history of
mankind this rising up of race over race, this
giving way of the weaker people to the stronger,
Us great salient featuies are destroyed, and it
ceases to be a record of our race.
How then does this question present itself? If
the destruction of slavery, its utter and absolute
destruction, is necessary to the safety of the na-
tion, nothing must be left to chance m reaching
that end. The seeds of evil take root in the in-
terstices of chance.
If, then, the system proposed by the President,
while admirable in its general intent, is deficient
tn the machinery which will insure safety, it is
our d nty to supply that defect. The plan uf the
President, unsupported by any action on our pat t,
hangs upon too many contingencies. It may be
repealed by his successor; it may be resisted by
Congress; it may be annulled by the Supreme
Court. It rests the welfare of the nation upon
the mind of one man; it rests the whole structure
of social order upon the unstable foundation of
individual oaths.
The events of this war have not strengthened
popular faith in the efficacy of oaths. One of
the rebel generals, Jeff. Thompson, tells us that
in traveling through those regions alternately
overrun by the contending armies, when he spoke
with the citizens they would consult their note-
books to see which oath of allegiance they had
taken last before daring to express their senti-
ments. How many hundreds, yes thousands,
of rebel dead have been found upon our battle-
fields with oaths of allegiance, sworn and sub-
scribed, in their pockets? If oaths could bind
these men we should have had no rebellion; for
what leader among them has not sworn a score
of times fidelity to the Constitution ? No, sir, it
is the conscience of the Thug makes him an assas-
sin; and these men conscientiously commit per-
jury. But even if such perjury be a violation of
conscience, will that man shrink from violating
conscience who has set bis all, wealth, family,
and life itself, upon the hazard of the die? Is
perjury greater than treason and murder? Ver-
ily, this is attempting to bind Samson with burnt
withes!
Can any sane man doubt that if you give the
powers of State governments into the hands of
any part of these people you will not only have to
protect them from the rest of the population but
you will have to protect yourselves from them ?
It was but the other day, as we are informed,
that the wise counsels of one man were ail that
prevented the Union Governor of Kentucky from
plunging that State into rebellion and civil war.
And this was Kentucky—not South Carolina!
All other considerations aside, the safety of the
nation requires that we should never permit this
assassin, slavery, to rise to his feet, though he
should fill heaven with his oaths and promises.
is there any man who desires to see this war
fought over again ? Ifso, let him stand foi ih and
raise his protecting hands over slavery. I3 there
any man who desires the nation to recommence
where it commenced in the dark and awful days
of 1861? If so, let him step forth and protect sla-
very. Are there fathers who have new sons, yet
scarce bearded, for new battle-fields in the bloody
South? If so, let them step forth and protect sla-
very . For one, I prefer the honesty and the can-
dor of banners and long lines and glittering steel
and bellowing cannon, rather than the bitterness
ofbattle hidden under the honey of peace, rather
than the stiletto of some eloquent traitor driven
horpe into the heart of an unsuspecting and un-
guarded people in the hours consecrated to peace
and rejoicing.
Then, Mr. Speaker, Ism for the biil introduced
by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,]
and if any measure of greater security can be de-
vised 1 am for that. I am for an amendment of
the Constitution to prohibit slavery as soon as
that is attainable. I am for any and every measuie
which will add, m this respect, to the security of
the people.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, of the great claims
which Picsidcnt Lincoln has upon the people of
the United Stales. 1 recognize that popularity
which accompanies him, and which,considering
the ordeal through which he has passed, is little
less than miraculous. I recognize that unques-
tioning faith 111 Ins honesty and ability which per-
vades all classes, and that sincere affection with
which almost the entire population regard him.
We must not underiate him even in our praises.
He is a great man. Great not after the old mod-
els of the world, but with a homely and original
greatness. He will stand out to future ages in
the history of these crowded and confused times
with wonderful distinctness. He has carried a
vast and discordant population safely and peace-
fully through the greatest of political revolutions
with such consummate sagacity and skill that
while he led he appeared to follow; while he in-
novated beyond all ptecedent he has been de-
nounced as lardy; while he struck the shackles
from the limbs uf three million slaves he has been j
hailed 0s a conservative! if to adapt, persist-
ently and continuously, just and righteous prin-
ciples to all the perplexed windings and changes
of human events, and to secure m the end the
complete triumph of those principles, be states-
manship, then Abraham Lincoln is the first of
statesmen.
In so far as his amnesty proclamation springs
from the tenderness and kindness of his heart, it
is worthy of him, and worthy of the merciful,
christianized,and civilized American people, who,
while demanding all things necessary to their own
safety, will ask nothing for revenge.
If the end of the war ia to be a restoration of the
appearance of the old Government; a patching to-
gether of the broken shreds and fragments; a
propping up of the fabric in such style that the
next Administration may possibly get out from
under it before it falls, then that proclamation may
be found all-sufficient. But for all other purposes
it will be utterly unavailing, it does not reach
the heart of the distemper:
"It wil! but skin and film the ulcerous part,
Whites rank corruption, mining all beneath,
Infects unseen."
We owe more than this to ourselves; we owe
more than this to the South. We must regener-
ate the South. We must plant a free press firmly
upon its soil; we must guaranty freedom of
speech throughout its entire length and breadth;
we must enforce education upon its people, black
and white. The day of ignominious martyrdom
for opinion's sake is past "forever within the limits
of the United States. Never again shall the read-
ing of a certain newspaper 01* the holding of cer-
tain political doctrines be an indictable offense.
Resting as our Government does upon the en-
lightened judgment of the people, we cannot per-
mit crops of ignorance to ripen into harvests of
rebellion. Thought must range unfettered over
the whole extent of the South, and education be
every where as free, as pure, and as abundant as
the air we breathe.
It is said that we propose to oppress the people
of the South. It would be well if such oppres-
sion could cover the whole surface of the known
world ! Ours is an oppression which makes free;
ouis a despotism which builds the school-house
and the printing-office; ours a tyranny which sets
the plow moving in the furrow and covers the
lakes and the rivers with the white wings of com-
merce. God give the world abundance of such
oppression!
But there is behind all this a further consider-
ation. Thereisa vastpopulation of human beings
in the South hitherto held as slaves. They are
now freemen. Many of them have fought under
our banners and suffered-wounds in our cause.
Can we permit a doubt to rest upon the future of
these men ? Can we permit their freedom to hang1
upon a hazard? Can we leave them, helpless ana
ignorant, to the mercy of their late masters? Can
we give them the name and the semblance of free-
dom anil yet leave them to all the horrors of re-
newed slavery? Is it the part of a great nation
"To keep the word of promise to the ear,
And break it to tlie hope?"
No; the Government must be present to protect
these men fiom a hate and a prejudice bitterer
than death, it must educate them; it must civil-
ize them; it must afford them every opportunity
for development and advancement; it must faith-
fully carry out, in spirit and in letter, the prom-
ise of liberty held forth to them.
Shall we have no return furall this? Ah, Mr.
Speaker, we shall then have, not alone a miser-
able and dissatisfied population clinging to an in-
stitution which the nation abhors, which the
civilized world abominates, ready to vote for it,
to fight for it, seething in one perpetual mass of
discontent, and ready at all times in all emergen-
cies to rise against the nation. No, Mr. Speaker;
no such miserable sight presents itself to my eyes;
but I can see down the long vista of time a vast,
population to whom the word "Union" shall
signify home, hope, prosperity, liberty; and as
they lise—for they will rise, for who can live in
the midst of civilization and resist its influences?—
as they rise, Mr. Speaker, every new privilege
wrung from prejudice by the sweat of their in-
dustry or the development of their intelligence,
shall light up in the heart of that swarthy multi-
tude new devotion to the great word " Union,"
nesv love for that banner which is at once to them
a glory, a protection, and a prophecy. God grant
them prosperity and the fullest development of
which they are capable; I say God grant it from
the very bottom of my heart! Not that I would
rate them above or even equal to our own proud,
illustrious, and dominant race—our imperial race,
the colonizers of the continents, the rulers of the
