1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80M
desires to raise points of order he can do it, and
then I want jt referred to the Committee of the
Whole on th<^ state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the bill
include any items of appropriation not authorized
by existing law ?
Mr. STEVENS. We suppose that we have
strictly complied with the rules. We have left
out all appropriations fur private purposes.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill be read.
Mr. FEP..NANDO WOOD. Is the bill before
the House?
The SPEAKER. It is; the Committee of
Ways and Means have a right to report appro-
priation bills at any time.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill is read now to al-
low gentlemen to raise points of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. If points of order can be
raised in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union there will be no objection to its imme-
diate reference.
Mr. PENDLETON. I shall object to any
consent of that kind.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to either
mode of disposing of the matter.
Mr. PENDLETON. I want the bill read now,
and the points of order made at once if they are
to be made. .
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill. The
following item was read:
For rebuilding sea-wall, anil repair to tower and dwell-
ing at Nayat Point ljgllt-liouse, Rhode Island, ®G,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. There may be some law au-
thorizing this appropriation. I hope the law will
be shown. I presume there is no law for an ap-
propriation of this character.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, under the 120th rule, which states
that—
"No appiopriation shall be reported ill suHi general ap-
proni iation bill-, or be in outer as an amendment thereto,
lor anv e.xpendituie not pievrous-ly authouzed by law, un-
le&^ in continuation ot appropriations for such public
woiks and objects as are already m progress."
The Chair understands this object to be already
in progress.
Mr. HOLMAN. If that is the fact, of course
the ruling of the Chair is correct, but 1 under-
stand that it is not the fact.
The SPEAKER. The appropriation is for the
repair of a sea-wall; not for the building of one,
but for the repair. The Chair therefore overrules
the point of order. The provision conforms
strictly to the rule.
The following item was read:
For compensation of two inspector of customs acting
ah supeiinleiulent- foi the life-«avins stations on the coasts
of Long M.uid and New Jersey, $3,000.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I would inqune
whether these inspectors anil their compensation
are not already provided for in the general appro-
priation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. We suppose not; not these
tWMr. FERNANDO WOOD. You do not know
the fact?
Mr. STEVENS. We suppose they are not
provided for. We have no knowledge ot their
being provided for in any appropriation bill. It
they are, it is in ail amendment which camefrorn
the Senate; but I do not think they are provided
for anywhere.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I think the num-
ber of inspectors is fixod by law. This provides
for these two officers and for paying them.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for debate
in Committee of the Whole on the state ot the
Union. The bill is only being read now for points
°fMr.'FERNANDO WOOD. I am aware of
that, but I make the point of order that this is a
double appiopriation for the same two inspectors
of customs, as ihey are already provided for.
The SPEAKER. The Chairoverrules the point
of order. The latter part of the 120th rule states
that appropriations "for the contingencies for
carrvni" on the several Departments of the Gov-
ernment" are in order. Whether it is proper to
nnpropnate tins monev or not is a question for
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
STEVENS. I desire to say to the gen-
th-man that tins cannot very well be elsewhere
trmideil fm, for this is the regular light-house
bill, and we have only cut down the appropria-
tions in this bill under Lhe rule enforced here now
for the fiist time.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mypointis this:
that this item pi ovules for paying two officers
already provided for over again.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will refer
to our appropriations for the last twelve years—
I have not gone further back—he will find the
appropriations made in the same way.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Well, it is wrong,
and I shall oppose it at the proper time.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
hill, not for amendment but that questions of
order might be made.
The following paragraph having been read—
For facilitating communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific States by electucal telegraph, §40,000—
Mr. HOLMAN said: I raise a point of order
on that clause. There is no law for it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, as the Chair happened to be at the
head of the Post Office Committee when the law
was reported and passed..
Mr. STEVENS. The act of Congress pledges
the Government to pay not exceeding §40,000
annually to that line.
The following paragraph having been read—
For compensation of the Assistant Treasurer at Tilda-
dolphin, £-l,0Q0-
Mr. HOLMAN said: I inquire how this item
came into the bill. Is this an office already exist-
ing with a salary of §4,000 attached to it?
The SPEAKER. There are six Assistant
Treasurers, one in Philadelphia. Whether the
salary is 44,000 the Chair does not know.
Mr. STEVENS. Without looking at the old _
law I cannot tell. This is the recommendation'
of the Department for carrying on that branch of
business.
Mr. IIOLMAN. If the law fixes the salary
at <4,000 the appropriation should of course be
made; but it is veiy singular that the item should
be in this bill. ,
Mr STEVENS. I would not undertake to
say whether that is the salary fixed in the law.
We inserted it on the recommendation of the De-
partment, and 'us the bill is not to be considered
to-day I did not look into it.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 raise a point of order on
this appropriation.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Indiana
will show the Chair that it is out of order, the
Chair will so decide. .
Mr HOLMAN. Ofcourse the Chair will pie-
sume it to be in order; but the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means should be able
to state whether or not this appropriation is ac-
cording to existing law.
Mr 'STEVENS. Perhaps so; but I confess
honestly that 1 have not looked at the law
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not the law before me
CUMr .STEVENS. If the appropriation is wrong,
the merits of the question will be open.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of oi der. There are six Assistant Treasurers m the
United States. One of them is stationed at Phila-
delphia. That brings this item within the rule.
If Ibe amount is wrong, that is a matter which the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
can remedy. The item is for compensation of the
Assistant treasurer at Philadelphia, which ..
aecordiiv to existing law.
Mr HOLMAN. I ask the Chair whether any
mciease of compensation can be authorized ill this
1)1 The SPEAKER. That would be for the House
t0Mr? HOLMAN. This bill itself cannot in-
crease the compensation.
The SPEAKER. That would be a good point.
Mr. WASHBURNE.of Illinois. An increase
of compensation would be a change of exisun&
kMr HOLMAN. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to let this clause
pass o\ei till we see what the law .is- .
Mr STEVENS. I have not the iPti&t objee
t,on lam willing that it shall be resei veil for
consideration. ,
The following clause having been .< ad
Fm additional clerical force wlhe office of the Assist ml
T,c,].-!UC! at i'hiiadeJplua, ^l,oJu
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: Thia
must be a chauire of existing law, * : -
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the rule
states thot there may be contingencies for carry-'
ing on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment. If, in the opinion of the Committee df
Ways and Means, this is a contingency for car-
rying on that Department of the Government the"
Chair thinks it is*in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Itisundoubl-
edly a change of existing laws; and, withoutthia
appropriation there cannot be this additional cleri-
cal force.
The SPEAKER. The rule is, that no appro-
priation shall be in order for any expenditure not
previously authorized by law,except in continua-
tion of appropriations for such public works and
objects as are already in progress, andfor contin-
gencies for carrying on the several Departments
of the Government. This is one of the two ex-
ceptions. The-Chair thinks, therefore, that it is
in order for the Committee of Ways and Means
to report an item in the way of a contingency for
carrying on a Department.
Mr. STEVENS. The clause is founded on an
express communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The bill was then read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be made
a special order for Monday next after the morn-
ing hour.
The motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRILL. Inasmuch as to-day, which
was by unanimous consent set apart tor the con-
sideration of the business of the Committee on
Military Affairs, is to be occupied in the consid-
eration of the internal revenue tax bill, I think,
therefore, it is but fair that another day should bo
fixed for the consideration of the business of that
committee. I suggest that the first day afierthe
tax bill is disposed of be set apart for the busi-
ness of thatcommittee.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to any arrange-
ment that will interfere with the consideration of
this appropriation bill oil Monday next.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think it will inter-
fere with that. I hope there will be no objection
to the proposition. .
Mr. COLE, of California. I object.
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman will say
after the morning hour I think there will be no
objection.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope there will be no
arrangement made to interfere with the day which
has been assigned to the Committee on Naval
A Mr SJVIORRILL. Inasmuch as the Committee
on Military Affairs was, by assignment of the
House, entitled to to-day for the consideiation of
their business, I trust there will be general con-
sent. to the proposition I have made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
to-night, after the morning hour, will still be de-
voted to the business of the Military Committee,
but the Chair presumes that the time remaining
of to-day's session will be insufficient to transact
the business of lhat committee.
Mr MORRILL. That will be of couise en-
tirely insufficient to transact the business of this
committee, much of which is very important bu6i-
"CMr SCHENCK. There was some misun-
derstanding in reference to the assignment of
this evening to the business of the Military Com-
mittee. When the proposition was made to set
apait to-day after the morning hour I supposed
that it was to include the entire day, but 1 subse-
quently learned that by an arrangement that had
been made the morning hour was not to com-
mence until the evening session, leaving to us,
thercfoic, only the latter portion of the niBbt
CNow, this assignment of time will be entiiely
insufficient for our purposes. That
i Ins not been called for now some three months.
I We have our drawe.s stuffed with reports, some
! of them of not much consequence, but others oi
a very important character. I hope, iheielorc,
,! tho.e will'be some anangement made by wb c
;i a day may be aligned to us in order to unable
