THE CONGRESSIONAL GLUBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1863.
New Series No. 2.
crease of pay of the soldiers in the service of the
United States; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts in favor of the men of
Massachusetts who are now in the naval service
being counted as part of her military contingent;
also, that the non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates of the fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth legiments
of Massachusetts volunteers are entitled to «xnd
should icceive from the national Government the
same pay and allowances as other troops; which
wore reffi red to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
PA PR 118 "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Oulcicd* That the petition and other papers in relation
to lite eompen-ation ot tlic inspector!! of customs for the
port of New Vork he taken from the files of the Senate,
and relerred 10 ilie Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That the papeis in relation to the claim of John
Egenolf he taken from the files of the Senate, and reteried
to the Committee on Claims.
PRINTING OF MESSAGE AND DOCUMENTS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agiecd to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing: be instructed
to inquite into the piopnety of piintmg the message ot the
President and the repoits of the heads of Dcpaitments,
without the aeeompanung documents, and what number,
if any. should be pi nited lor the u&e ot the Senate; also, to
leport what, if any, additional number should be printed
with a part of the accompanying documents.
NAVY REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was it-furred to the Committee on
Punting:
Resolved, That the Supcj intendent of Public Printing bo
authouzed to punt, itt addition to the number now author-
ized by law, 111 teen bundled copies of the repoit of the
.Secretary ui the Navy, and appendix, for the u^e ot the ves-
sels of the Navy, and fi\e hundred copies of the leport
piopei lor the office of the Secretaiy of the Navy.
LIBRARY OF THE SENATE.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolutions;
which, with a communication on the subject from
the Chief Clerk ofthe Senate, were referred to the
Committee on the Library, and ordered to be
printed:
Resolved, That one copy of each of the books? and sets
of books map-;, c baits, athe-eh, and printed hound docu-
ments, III the jxxwv^iou ot the Senate, he collected together
!>}• the Seeietaiv fioni the vanous looms and apaitments
set upaitfoi theu-e ot the Senate, ^.o ;us to foim one com-
plete m t en copy of each and ali of the same, which shall
bepiopeily ariatiged in cla-^e* ami section?, and winch,
together with such otliet books and matters a-s may iiom
tune to tune he dueeted to be piocuied hv the Committee
on the Liin.uy ofthe Senate lor that pui po-c. s-hall be
lonned into a Lihraiy of the Senate, foi the ,-peeial u^e of
its mcmheiv and committee* and the business of the Sen-
ate and Secretary's office, under Mich lobulations as may
be pie&cubed by the Committee on the Libiarj ot the Sen-
ate, iortlie tune being.which legulattons shall be printed
and lui nulled to the members, committees, and officers of
the Senate at the commencement ot each session, ami shall
be obsetved and conlotmed to by them, until modified ot
changed by the committee oi by the oider of !he Senate.
Resolved, Tnai a Itln.u urn «hall be appointed by the Sec-
retin y <•>! the Senate to Jake charge of the said hbtary,
wIiom: duty it shall tie to k<>ep a compicte and fatthlu! leeord
or every book, map, atlas and ai tide leeeived 01 placed in
such library, and diligently to in.ike himself acquainted
with the same, m> as to bo able, whenever called upon by
a member, or on the part of a committee of ihe Senate, or
the office ot the Secietaiy, to fuim-h any sicli book or other
amele lot iim' in the libiaiy,ot any inioimalion lntabnlat
oi otiiei loini tluu ma> tie leijuned* fiom them, and to take
a pattieular account of eveij hook or other aiuele delivered
out ot the hbiaiy to any member, 01 committee, or the
Secretaiy, and to lequue it> ietui n into the binary accord-
ing to the legulation- pies-cubed by the said Committee on
the Libtaiy, or the Senate, and alt-o to peiiorm such other
duties in tlie said lihiaiv a.s may l>e pie^cribed bv the e-aid
ccminittee, the Senate, 01 the Secretary of the Senate ; and
the compensation of the said libiaiian shall be $2,000 pei
aim 11111. with the Mime offn.ml qualification iiiidci oath, and
subject to the -aum penalties ioi nceleef or violation ofthe
nile-. as ate the othei officei- ol tin; Senate.
Lew.red, 1 hat theariangement made ior the occupation
ol the io.,m-4ot toe noith e.\ten-ion of the Capitol,-etapait
foi the Senate by the le-oluhoii of the Jtfth of January,
18j8, be so far changed that the rooms munbeied 89, 100,
and 1U1, shall be appiopuated ten tin.? library, arid the rooms
2j
numbered 87, 89. and HI, shall be appropriated for the use
of select committees, and such other committees not al-
ready occnpyingi-eparate rooms as may be assigned to them
by the Presiding Officer of the Senate, for the time being,
unless otherwise ordered by the Senate.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WILKINSON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a joint resolution relative
to a certain grant of land for railroad purposes in
the State of Minnesota.
Mr. DIXON gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to amend the act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes, approved March 3,1863, in such
manner as to exempt clergymen of all religious
denominations from the operation of said act.
Mr.NESMITH gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill providing for the es-
tablishment of a branch mint of the United States
at Portland, Oregon.
Mr. HENDRICKS gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to extend the time
within which the States and Territoties may ac-
cept the grant of lands for the benefit of agricul-
tural colleges made by the act of July 2, 1862.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 3) more
effectually to suppress the rebellion; which was
read a first time by its title.
Mr. HALE. As the bill is very short, and it
is important, I wish that it may be read at length
on its second reading.
The Secretary read it a second time at length,
as follows:
Be it cnactcd, 4'c.. That hereafter all persons within the
United States of America me equal before the law; and all
claims to peisonai service, except those founded on con-
tract and the chum of a paient to the service of a minor
child, and service rendered in pursuance of sentence for
the punishment of crime, he and the same aic hereby for-
ever abolished,anything in the constitution or laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. IIALE. Let it lie on the table for the
present. I should like to have it printed. I shall
call it up at some future time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie on
the table, and the order to print will be made, if
there be no objection.
Mr. WILKINSON, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 4) to extend the actofCongress granting
pensions, to persons wounded in the Indian mas-
sacres in Minnesota in the years 1862 and 1863;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr, LANE, of Indiana, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 5) to amend the act en titled "An
act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes, "approved March 3,1863:
which was read twice by its title, and refet red to
the Committee on Military AfFairsand the Militia.
He also, in pursuance of pievious notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 6)
to increase the pay of the rank and file of the Army;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 7)
to increase the bounty for volunteers and the pay
of the Army; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military AfFairsand
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained,leave to introduce the following joint reso-
lutions; which were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia:
Ajointresolution (S. No. 2) expressive ofthe
thanks of Congiess to Major General Nathaniel
P. Banks, and the officers and soldiers under his
command at Port Hudson; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 3) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Major Gencial Joseph
Hooker and Majot General George G. Meade,
and the officers and soldiers of the army of the
Potomac.
Mr. GRIMES, in pursuance of previous, no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce, a,bill
(S.No.8) to encourage enlistments into the naval
service of the United States, and to credit enlisted
men to the military, quotas of the States of which
they may be citizens; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate duplicate copies of the laws of Dakota Terri-
tory for 1862-1863; ofthe laws of Nevada Terri-
tory for 1862; and of the laws of the Territory of
Utah for the year 1862-1863; one copy of each of
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and the others ordered to be placed upon
the files of the Senate.
REFERENCE OF THE MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as
refers to our foreign relations be referred to the Committee
on Foieign Ilolations.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
0)dered. That so much of the Piesideiu's message and
the accompanying documents as relate* to the Navy and
naval afiaus, and the annual repoitofthe Secretary of the
Navy, be relci'rcd to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Dcccmber 14, 1863.
The Plouse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. Ii. Chaining; as fol-
lows:
Being of beings, Spirit of spirits, Life of life,
God and Father of angels and men, our God and
Father: We are Thy creatures, we would adore
Thee. We are Thy subjects, we would obey Thee.
We are Thy children, we would love Thee. Oh,
make the influences of Thy Spirit and of Thy
providential power felt in this assembly of states-
men, to whom Thou hast,in so large a measure,
intrusted the destinies of this Republic in this awful
crisis of its fate. Enlighten their consciences, we
pray Thee, our Father, with wisdom from on high,
to sec and choosc a policy fitted to restore liberty
and union, one and inseparable, throughout the
bounds of this remteguUed Republic, Give, we
pray Thee, that disinterestedness of purpose and
devotedness to Thee, that true patriotism, which
shall make them the instruments of Thy good
pleasure to redeem their native land.
Be with the head of this Republic; be with all
the officers of his Cabinet, severally and unitedly.
Endow them with a sagacity worthy of a Chris-
tian commonwealth; give them that rectitude of
will to serve their nation through all sacrifices and
at any cost, that may make them the brain and
heart of this nation, vitalizing it throughout.
Be, we pray Thee, with our armies, our sol-
diers and leaders in the field. Give to the leaders
sagacity, promptitude, energy, indomitable cour-
age, and a will to serve Thee and theirfellow-men.
Give to our soldieis lieroism, fortitude,indomita-
ble purpose, God willing, to be the servants of this
redeemed Republic.
Be,0 our Father, with those who are stretched
in hospitals, who are suffering for the toils, suf-
fering with wounds they have borne for the res-
toration of the freedom of this Republic; solace
their sorrows; raise them up to health; restore
them once more to their true places in society in
the midst of their fellow-citizens. And be with
the widows and orphans in many homes; God of
consolation, give them Thy comfort, and lift upon
them the light of eternal iffe.
Be, O our Father, with our prisoners, our
brethren in captivity, in this hour; give them, we
pray Thee, the hope ofredemption and restoration;
give them mutual disinterestedness and mutual
seivice. Touch the hearts of the brutal tyrants
who hold them in captivity, with honor, with
humanity, and with some sense of their obliga-
tion to the common conscience ofChristendom.
