1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 12, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Cutler, of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
message from the sb.n'atm.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDonald,
one of its cleiks, announced to the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the committee
ofconfeience upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill of the House (No. 156) to sap-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of i he fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864.
Also, that the Senate had passeda joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 37) to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to anticipate the payment of interest
on the public debt, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate had passed anact(H.R.
No. 50) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1865, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
president's annual message.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the President's annual message, on which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] was
entitled to the floor.
amnesty proclamation.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, after three
ypars of relentless war, engrossing the attention
and commanding the energies of thirty million
people, wc approach, at least in anticipation, the
final result of the tremendous conflict. The re-
cent proclamation of the President of the United
States declaring the future policy of the Execu-
tive, and the bill for the reorganization of State
governments now pending befoie this House,bring
us face to face with the final issue—the condi-
tions on which the Union shall be restored. This
movement is not necessarily premature. Two
States in which civil government was overthrown
have been relieved by the success of our arms
from the military power of the rebellion; and large
portions of other States are within the lines of
the Federal forces; and besides this, sir, the prin-
ciples on which thepeople ofthe United Statesare
willing to restore the Union must have a power-
ful influence for good or for evil on the masses of
the people of the South.
The proclamation of the President, which was
communicated to Congress and published to the
country on the 8th day of December, 1863,
whether considered as a war measure adopted by
the Commander-in-Chief of the" Army and Navy
or as a measuie of civil government, is the most
extraordinary instrument that ever challenged the
attention of a free people, if our system of gov-
ernment were different; if, instead of the caieful
divisions of political power prescribed by the Con-
stitution, the legislative and executive functions
were vested in one man, and he was Announcing
the conditions upon which revolted provinces
should cscape the calamities of war and be re-
stored to the empire, the proclamation would con-
form to the ordinary experience of mankind; but
emanating from the President of the United States,
whose powers are executive only, the proclama-
tion may \\;ell arresttheattention and piovuke the
criticism of a people jealous of delegated power.
The proclamation announces a conditional am-
nesty to the masses of the people involved in the
rebellion, and declares the conditions on which the
States in which civil government had been over-
thrown might be reorganized and restored to the
Union, The States enumerated in the proclama-
tion are cither States of the Union or else by seces-
sion and revolution they have ceased to be States
of the Union, if they are m the Union, the Con-
stitution with its powers to protect and its powers
to punish embraces them. Can the President by
a wai measure or a peace measute change the re-
lations of States to the Union : Can he dcclare a
different basis on which the local sovereignty of a
State may rest than that which the Constitution
has prescribed? He may as Commander-in-Chief
subdue the military power which resists the su-
premacy of the Federal Government. He may
reclaim the public property. He may compel by
force submission to the laws; but in all tins he is
but the agent of the Constitution and laws, the
Executive of their power. But may he determine
who shall constitute the State? May he prescribe
who shall exercise the elective franchise, and what
part or what class of the peopleshalJ assume and
exercise political power? In a word, sir, can he
declare the foundations and prescribe the condi-
tions of citizenship?
If he can do ail this, sir—and all this is assumed
by his proclamation—then is the war power ofthe
President of the United States supreme and abso-
lute, before which Constitution and laws are pros-
trate and powerless. I shrink, sir, with terror
from such assumptions. I deny any such power
in the President either as President or Com-
mander-in-Chief. His powers are the powers of
an Executive, not of a legislator. It is his sworn
duty to " take care that the laws be faithfully ex-
ecuted," not to make them; but the poweis as-
sumed transcend even the legislative authority of
Congress. His powers are as much prescribed
and limited in war as in peace; but these are not
powers of war but powers of civil government.
By his proclamation he declares that such per-
sons and such only of the States in which civil
government has been subverted, whether loyal or
disloyal, who shall take the oath—not an oath
prescribed by the legislative power, but by him-
self, an oath unknown to the Constitution and
laws—shall constitute the State if their number
shall be not less than one tenth of the votes cost
at the last presidential election in such State.
This one tenth may organize and shall constitute
the State, and he pledges the Federal Govern-
ment, that is, the executive power, to maintain
the State so organized. The old maxim of our
fathers was that sovereignty was in the people,
that they were the source of political power.
Upon whose sovereignty would such a State be
organized' The sovereignty ofthe people? No,
sir. On the soveieignty of the Piesident of the
United States; for the power that declares the
conditions of Government is sovereign.
f t cannot be snid by way of apology that in de-
termining who should restore the State the proc-
lamation justly discriminates between loyalty and
ti eason, for the loyal man becomes a political out-
cast if he asserts his citizenship under the Con-
stitution" of his country and refuses to accept
conditions imposed on him, not by law- but in
defiance of law, by the President. Indeed, sir, he
may become the subject or victim of laws enacted
by men whose treason had oveithrown the gov-
ernment of hia State, and whose crimes might in-
duce compliance with conditions which secured
an amnesty from their guilt. If Mr. Lincoln had
recognized the constitution.il rights of loyal citi-
zens who of all others had suilemi by treason,
and had imposed his conditions of amnesty on
traitors only as a punishment for crime, the plea
at least of equity and justice might be made m
his behalf. As it is, the charge of usurpation is
unrelieved even by the argument of moderation
and fairness. Mr. Lincoln, in his message to the
first session oftheThirty-Sovpnth Congress, Say sr
"It may well be questioned whether theio i> to-day a
majouty of the legally qualified voteisofanj State, except
peihaps South L'aioiina, m favor of cU&umou. Tlieie
much re.«=on to behove that tins ITtiU'ii men aie the mryoi-
lty in many, it not m cveiy othet one. ol the s-'o-called se-
ceded States, h i-s ventuied to affirm tins even of Vngima |j
and Tennessee, foi the result ol an election held in iruh- [i
tuiy camp-, whore the hi\ont?ts aie all on one side of the Si
question voted upon, ean te.uccly be euiwideud as riem- |'
onstiating populai s-ennment. At fuch an election all of !'
that Li!<*e ela^r- who are fit onee tot the Union and appjn^t \
coeieion would be coc.c-'l to vote against the Union.-'' \]
And now Mr. Lincoln, by his proclamation, in I:
allowing only those who had accepted his amnesty |;
to reorganize the State, is driven to assume that j,
either by the policy his radical advisers have forced !|
upon him, or by the bayonets ofthe rebels, all of j'
this large body of Union men have been driven }
into rebellion and require the benefit of his am- !;
nesty. or else that in leoiganization it is better to 11
lely on the gratitude of the puidoned traitor than S,
on the loyalty of the loyai citizen. The procla- 1
roation declares that whenever a number of per- !!
sons, not less than one tenth of the -voters, who N
| shall have taken the oath prescribed as the con-
; duion of amnesty, " and excluding all others,
j shall reestablish a State government which shall
j be republican, and in nowise contravening said
! oath, such shall be recognized as the true gw-
j ernment of the State, and the State shall receive
i thereunder the benefits of the constitutional pro-
| vision which declares that 'the United States
i shall guaranty to every State of this Union a re-
; publican form of government,' and shall protect
I each of them againstinvasion,and,on application
| of the Legislature, or the Executive, (when the
; Legislature cannot be convened,)against domes-
j tic violence." And the President further says:
: "And it is suggested nsnotimjfroper that in constructing
I a loyal State government in any State, the name ofthe State,
i the boundary, the subdivisions, the constitution and general
j code of laws, as before the rebellion, be maintained, subject
, only to the modifications made necessary by the conditions
] hereinbefore stilted, and such others, if any. not contra
i veiling said conditions."
It scarcely seems possible, sir, that this is an
American President speaking of States of the
American Union. One tenth ofthe voters having
taken the prescribed oath to obtain the benefit
ofthe amnesty/' and excluding all others/*" shall
reestablish a State government." It is to the per-
sons to whom the amnesty is granted, '4 each
having taken the oath aforesaid," an oath faith-
fully to support the proclamations of the President
having reference to slaves, and all acts of Con-
gress on that subject, thai the right, and the ex-
clusive right, to establish a State government is
transferred. It is loyalty to proclamations, not
the Constitution, on which Mr. Lincoln would
build his republican States.
Mr. Lincoln seems to have entirely overlooked
the loyal men of these States, five of which States*
had regiments of citizens in the Union army. And
why? Because, sir, he, may have justly argued
that they would not accept conditions unknown
to the Constitution and imposed by executive
i power; that the virtue that resisted treason would
resist this encroachment on inherent and unfor-
feited rights, and this, too, whatever their views
might be on the subject of slavery. The oath
to support the Constitution was the only oath
thai could be imposed on then*? while the traitor,
by taking the oath, was restored to his forfeited
rights, and more—the right of governing his loyai
fell ow-citizens.
What then, sir, are the elements, the materials
of Mr. Lincoln's "republican States?" A num-
ber not less than a tenth of the voters, notselected
because they have been loyal to She€k>vernme-nt,
but because they have taften the oath, prescribed
not by the Constitution and laws, but by the Ex-
ecutive, and taken it, too, to obtain amnesty for
treason. And this one tenth having taken the
oath, "and excluding all others," shall reestab-
] lish a State government " which shall be repub-
! lican" if it "in nowise contravene said oath,"
I and1 "shall be recognized as the true government
: of the State," and " shall receive from the United
, States the constitutional guarantee and protection
! fiom invasion" and li domestic violence." And
such, then, is Mr. Lincoln's idea of "a repab-
i lican" form of government, a government formed
j by not less than one tenth of us people and upon
! conditions dictated by himself. And this a re-
' publican State!- Shades of our fathers! are these
! the kind of republican Smtes that are to perpetuate
; the American Union, the grand old Republic of
1 Washington? With a Union of .such States will
[ we dare to decoiate this- Capitol with the proud
| old emblems of constitutional liberty? A Union
1 of fiee nnd equal States!
Mr. Lincoln suggests that it would not be "im-
proper" to retain the name, boundaries, &c.,of
the original State. 'Wot improper"—a mere baga-
telle' l>ut still it would not be " improper" to
retain these ancient iandmaiks: they are of no
moment it in lite nnd spirit the State is conformed
to the model of the new builder! Hut Mr. Lin-
coln, as if remembering that the legislative pow-
ers^of the Government were not confined to him-
self, but delegated to Congress, says that ^wheth-
er members sent to Congress from any State shall
be admitted to seats constitutionally rests exclu-
sively with the two Houses.'* This is at least
a concession; but whether their Representatives
were admitted or not would not lessen his power,
for if not admitted, the only power that would
reach these States would be that of the Execu-
tive. Mr. Lincoln might well have doubted
