THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June" 16,
us to relieve ourselves of the very large amount
of business before us.
. The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the as-
signments that have been made by unanimous
consent for the next few days. The morning
hour for this evening is assigned to the consider-
- ation of the Pacific railroad bill. To-morrow
the entire day, including the morning hour, is 8et
apart for the consideration of jftivate bills. The
House has given unanimous consent that to-mor-
row evening shall be devoted .to the business for
the District of Columbia. Saturday after the morn-
ing hour has been assigned to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; and Monday after the morning
hour has this day been assigned to the consider-
ation of the civil appropriation bill as a special
order.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that Saturday
has been set apart, after the morning hour, for
the consideration of the business of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. Do I understand that the
Pacific railroad bill will come up during the morn-
ing hour?
The SPEAKER. It will; The Chair will
state, however, that if this internal revenue tax
bill should not be disposed of to-day it will come
• up on Saturday after the reading of the Journal
as unfinished business, and there will be no morn-
ing hour.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not desire to give con-
sent to anything that will interfere with the con-
sideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
The SPEAKER. The Pacific railroad bill will
have fhe morning hour this evening. It will then
go over Friday and come up Saturday imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal, unless
the tax bill should goover as unfinished business.
Mr. SCHKNCK. J will make one proposi-
tion which, although it will bring us very near
the close of ihe session, I am willing to accept,
and 1 hope there will be no objection to it. I
propose to set apart Tuesday next after the morn-
ing hour.
MUSS AGIO KKOM 'HI 13 PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr. Stoddard, his Pn-
' vate Secretary, informing Lin; House that he tiad
approved and signed bills and a joint resolution of
the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 383) to incorporate a Home
for Friendless Women and Children;
Anact(H. R. No. I4D) concerningschooUauds
in township forty-five north, range seven east,in
the state of Missouri;
An act (II. R. No. 198) making appropriations
foi the suppoir of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1800, and for other purposes;
and
Joint resolution (IT. R. No. 55) granting cer-
tain pi i vtlt'i^es to the eity of Des Moines, ill the
Stale of Iowa.
Mr. SCIiENCK. I propose that we postpone
the motion until next Tuesday after the meeting
of ihe House and the reading of the Journal.
Mr. Sl'EVENS. I must object. If he says
after the morning hour I will agree; but I fear
that we will not get through with the Pacific rail-
lo.id hill in tlnit tune.
Mr. .SKHENCK. When the Committee of
Ways and Means have overridden us so long, it
does seem to me, in a tune of war, that the Mili-
tary Committee, being one of some little import-
ance, after three months* delay, should at least
have one day. We had this day assigned to us
after the morning hour, and we would have it now
if the morning hour had not been shoved off until
to-night.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think thafcxhe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have done more than
their duty.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks that the entire day next Tuesday be devoted
to the reports from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
CIRCUIT COURT OF WISCONSIN,
Mr. WILSON, i move that the House insist
on its amendment to Senate bill No. 55, in rela-
tion to the circuit court in and for the district of
Wisconsin, ami for other purposes, and ask for i
acommnteeot confeienceon the disagreeing votes
between the two Mouses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed as managers of said conference on .the
part of the House Messrs. Wilson, Brow^ of
Wisconsin, and Woodbridge.
OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. ALLEY. I call up the motion ta recon-
sider the vote by which the House ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time a joint res-
olution to authorize the Postmaster General to ex-
tend the contract with the Overland Mail Com-
pany. I withdraw that motion and ask that the
engrossed bill be rend.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman cannot withdraw the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. The motion to reconsider cannot be
withdrawn the second day after it has been en-
tered.
Mr. ALLEY. I hope, then, that the motion
to reconsider will be voted down, and that the
joint resolution will be put on its passage.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that the gentleman
will not press the matter at this time.
Mr. ALLEY. It is 'important that the joint
resolution be passed at this time. If U is not
passed now, it will be too late.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it im-
portant to the contractor or to the Government?
Mr. ASHLEY. The papers of this morning
state that this contract has been let for four years.
The motion to reconsider was rejected.
The joint resolution having been engro.-sed, it
was read the third time.
The Uouse divided; and there were—ayes 75,
noes 19.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION HILL.
Mr. PENDLETON submitted the following
privileged report.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagieehig votes
of tin; two House-, on the amendments to the hill (H. R.
No. 192) making appropriation^ for the Icghdntive, execu-
tive, ami judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the iiOth ot June, lSbo, and lor other purposes,
having met, ntt< r full and (tee conference have agreed to
lecommend and do recommend to their ie>peetive Houses
as follow?:
That the House recede fiom their dingier-merit to the
eighth, t\\elltli, nineteenth, twenty-fust, twenty ■second,
twenty-thud, twentv-fourth, fortieth, ejirhty-eiVhth, and
nmety-l'ouith amendment- of the Senate," and agree to the
That the Senate recede f om their ninth amendment.
That the. Senate ieeede from their di&ugioement to the
amendment ot the House to the tvveniy-lifth amendmentof
the Senai", and agree 10 the same.
That the Senate recede fiom their disagreement to the
amendment of the Hou.se to the thiity-louith amendment
of the Senate, and agiee to the same.
That the Senate tceede fiom their disagieement to the
amendment ot the House to the ninetieth amendim at of
the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House iecede liom their disagreement to the
ninety filth amendment of the {Senate and aijrec to the said
Senate amendment with amendments as follow* : in Jine
two of said Senate amendment, stiike out the woid " an-
nual;" and in hue three ot said amendment, before the
word u met-sen^eis," in.seit the following words: *• females
and of tin;;" ami in hue five of -aid amendment, after the
woid "budding" in>eit the following wools: -'ami th«
Conimi-.Moner of Agiiculture and at tile Capitoland m
line six of said amendment strikeout the following words :
" 1st day of June, 1864and in line seven of said amend-
ment strike out the word " next," and alter the word
year" in said line seven insert ihe following words:" end-
ing the 30th of June, 1866;" and m line nine stiike out
u approval ot this act" and insert in heu theieof « 1st day
ofJuntj, lS6t;"and oi Imecleven of ^aidamemlmentbtuke
out the woid " tune" and insert m lieu theieot the word
<{ ten," and that the Senate agree to the *ame.
Tlutt the Senate recede liom their disagreement to the
amendments of the. llon-e to the nmetj-sixth amendment
of the Senate and agiee to the same with the iotlowirig
amendment: sUike out all after the word " theretor" m
line ten of said llous<' amendment to and including the
word '-one" in line thirteen, and the House agree to the
same so modified. JOHN SliEIlM AN,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Mmiagc-m on the pntt of the Senate,
GliOUGli IL PKNDLETON,
WILLIAM WISDOM,
OHLANDO KELLOGG,
Managns on the pait oj the Jloute.
Mr. PENDLETON. IYJ r. Speaker, I desire to
any that theie nie but two or thioe important mat-
teis contained in this report. A number of rec-
ommendations relate to mere verbal amendments
as to which there can be no difference of opinion.
There is one proposition that will exciie a dif-
ference of opinion, and that is in reference to the
salary of the Treasurer of the United States. The
Senate added an amendment to this bill raising
that salary; the House refused to agree to it; and
the committee of conference recommend that the
House recede from its disagreement and concur
in the amendment. 1 suppose,from my examina-
tion of the bill and my knowledge of the House,
that that is the only question about which there
will be difference in the House.
Another relates to the metropolitan police. We
agree to the Senate amendment raising their pay
fifty per cent., according to a rate of division
which has been agreed upon by the respective
corporations who are to pay the salaries.
There is one other point to which I will call
the attention of the House. The Senate intro-
duced an amendment into this bill raising the
salaries of certain employes in the Departments
twenty per cent. The House proposed to raise
the salaries about thirty-three and a third per
cent. The committee of conference recommend
a concurrence in the Senate amendment, and a
disagreement with the House proposition.
I think these are the only amendments upon
which there will be any difference of opinion.
Mr. HOLiMAN. It seems to me that all these
amendments agreed upon by the committee of con-
ference ought to be concurred in by the House,
with the exception of one, increasing the salary
of the Treasurer of the UnitedStates from $5,000
to $6,000 a year. That subject, when it was before
the House, received unusual attention, and upon
it there can be no misapprehending the opinion
of this House. The otheramendments are such
as the House might have expected upon the part
of the committee, fairly acting in concert with the
committee upon the part of the Senate.* There-
fore I take no exception to the balance of this
report.
Now, t ask the unanimous consent of the
House—for I suppose it ean be done only by
unanimous consent—that all these amendments
be concurred in with the exception of the amend-
ment by which the salary of the Treasurer of the
United States is increased from §5,000 to $6,000
a year, and that that one be referred further, if
the Senate desire it, to another committee of con-
ference.
Mr. PENDLETON. If that can be done, so
far as I am concerned, I have no objection.
Mr. STEVENS, it cannot be done.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done even by
unanimous consent, as this is the report of a joint
committee of conference, and must be accepted
or rejected as a whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course, so far as these
other items are concerned, there will be no divers-
ity of opinion whatever. The House will recede
from its disagreement to the extent recommended
by the committee, and the Senate, as a matter of
course, will recede to the extent lecommcnded by
the committee upon their part, leaving out this
one item undisposed of. i think after so deliber-
ate an expression upon the part of the House
against (hat increase of salary it ought not to be
tolerated at all. The present salary is a very re-
spectable one. This is a time for sacrifices. The
high officers of the Government, instead of de-
manding an increase of compensation, ought in-
deed to be content with a reduction of their sal-
aries. The Treasurer of the United States—and
I say nothing about his qualifications, capacity,
and integnty, because all these are above any
question—ought not at a tioie like this, it seems
tome, to be willing to receive a compensation
beyond that ample compensation which has been
paid for many years past. If fhe House refuses
to concur in the report of the committee it leaves
to us this one question of the compensation of the
Treasurer of the United States open.
Now, it does seem to me to be very unwise
upon our part to increase these high salaries. The
effect is ruinous, and discourages and destroys
the patriotic sentiment of the country. It will
cieate bickerings, heart-burnings, and jealousies
among our people everywhere. They already
begin to condemn the Administration of the Gov-
ernment and the Government itself, which ^o far
discriminates between those who render one .ser-
vice and those who render another service as to
Ihe compensation they receive.
I regret to be compelled again to refer to the
