1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2041
There does not exist on earth a more despotic
Government than thatof Abraham Lincoln. He
is a despot in fact, if not in name. The consti-
tutional right of the citizen to bear arms has
been denied, and houses searched and arms taken
from the citizen; the right of trial denied, and
citizens have been banished the country without
trial or conviction; and I only mention some of
the outrages perpetrated by this warpowertosay
that if our Government has been fairly adminis-
tered under this new interpretation of the war
power for the last three years it does not matter
how soon it is destroyed. It is not worth to the
people a dollar or a battle or a man. And it does
not matter to the people whether their liberties
have been taken away by Abraham Lincoln as
President or as Commander-in-Chief of the Army;
he is no less a despot and they no less slaves.
it is more than eighteen hundred years since a
Roman emperor first employed spies and inform-
ers to watch the citizen, overhear his private con-
versation in hours of social intercourse, for in-
formation to convict the best and wealthiest citi-
zens of disloyalty, and their property was then
confiscated and divided between the Government
and the informer. This was less than seventy
years before the Roman empire was put up at
auction by the imperial cohorts and city guards
to the highest bidder. And the right to govern
that vast empire was purchased by a jeweler, who
had heaped up great wealth by selling jewelry to
the army contractors, the men who had made
haste to get rich out of the corruptions of the
times; but the city of Rome had then been founded
more than eight hundred years before an emperor
could be found wicked enough and a people cor-
rupt enough to inaugurate this state of things.
We have not existed as a nation a century, and
yet we hear of spies and detectives, and are pained
to know that American citizens can be found de-
based enough to act in that capacity; and this
is one of the results of the exercise of this war
power.
The President, by virtue of this new interpre-
tation of his war power, makes laws by procla-
mation, and does really dispense with the action
of Congress. He usurps in himself all the pow-
ers of Government—judicial, legislative, and ex-
ecutive.—anil believing, as I do, that his procla-
mation of freedom to the slaves is not only a vio-
lation of the Constitution but of his official oath,
I shall not vote to sanction any such interpreta-
tion of the Constitution, norforany law intended
to perpetuate that proclamation. And the hour
is just before the American people when they
must choose between the Administration, with its
peculiar views of its war power, and their liber-
ties. If the people permit this power, as assumed
by their agents, to be continued another term of
four years, whether by votes or military dicta-
tion, I for one shall regard our old form of gov-
ernment and the liberties of the people as aj an
end, gathered up by this stupendous war power.
And it is for tin* people, whose liberties have been
trifled with, and whose business it is to make
their decision, to settle this great problem for
themselves. I have thus warned them,and I have
cleared my skirls of the responsibility.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr, Speaker, I take this
occasion to say a few words which have been
long delayed, as I was unwilling to interrupt
more important business. What I have to say
is mainly supplemental to a speech which I made
eaily in the session. I desire to restate some of
the positions I then advanced, that they may not
be misunderstood nor longer misstated as they
have sometimes been. I should have preferred an
earlier time, when some members now absent, were
present. 1 wish to reassert them, as 1 deem them
essential to the final success of the cause of the
Union. 1 have offered a substitute to the bill of
the committee because that does not, in my judg-
ment, meet the evil. It partially acknowledges
the rebel States to have rights under the Consti-
tution, which I deny, as war has abrogated them
all. i do not inquire what rights we have under
it, but they have none. The bill takes for granted
that the President may partially interfere m their
civil administration, not as conqueror, but as Pies-
ident of the United States. It adopts in some
measure the idea that less than a majority may
regulate to some extent the affairs of a republic.
But what 1 deem most objectionable, it seems to
me to take away the chance of the confiscation of
property of the rebels. But I will proceed to the
main object of my remarks.
When the confiscation bill was under consid-
eration I stated my views as to the condition of
the seceded States. I spoke of their rights under
the Constitution and municipal laws of the Union,
i came to the conclusion that they were entitled
to no rights under the Constitution and laws, which
as to them were abrogated; that they could in-
voke the aid of neither in their behalf; that they
could claim to be treated during the war as bel-
ligerents according to the laws of war and the law
of nations; that they could claim no other rights
than a foreign nation with whom we might beat
war; and that they were subject to ail the liabili-
ties of such foreign belligerent.
1 did not undertake to examine what rights the
parent Government might have against rebel in-
dividuals under its claim for violated sovereignty
when the laws should resume their empire. I
inferred that under the laws of war the conqueror
had the right to seize the property, real and per-
sonal, of the enemy and appropriate it to the pay-
ment of the expenses and damages of the war,
and make provision for our wounded soldiers,
and for the families of the slain. I stated that
although the women and children and all per-
sons domiciled within the belligerent- territory
were enemies, yet in enforcing the rights of con-
quest the innocent should be spared; that even
those actually bearing arms against us who were
compelled by the laws of their government to enter
their armies should also be spared; but that the
property of the morally and politically guilty
should be taken fur public use.
These positions have been extensively and
sharply criticised. That was neither unexpected
nor unpleasant. New ideas are always received
with distrust, and even when true either rejected
or accepted with reluctance. Thorough examin-
ation is always desirable. If the positions are
sound, discussion will eventually establish them;
if unsound, they ought to be exploded.
The discussion in this House was conducted
with unusual ability, and until lately with great
comtesy and great fairness, except by a single
member. His remarks, fraught with demagog-
ical insinuations and personal allusions, excited
more disgust than surprise. He belongs to no
recognized party. Having apostatized from all
the principles which once gave him credit with
the people, he has no sympathy with any body
of men, in or out of the House,except his own
family circle. He stood amidst us a political
Ishmael.
I will now notice some of the objections taken
to my views. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Wadsworth] has conducted the argument
with great ability and with equal candor and
courtesy. He agrees with me that the confed-
erate States are a belligerent power; that they are
entitled to the treatment accorded by the laws of
war and the law of nations, both in their rights
and liabilities; that they have no rights under the
Constitution of the United Stales, and could
plead none of us provisions m their defense. He
adds more stringent penalties against them than
the course of my argument renders it necessary
for me to discuss. He says that they are still
liable to be proceeded against for treason when
peace shall be restored. I agree with him, as I
long ago stated on this floor, that before they be-
came belligerents they had, many of them, com-
mitted treason. But underthe laws of war they
cannot be tried for that offense by a military tri-
bunal. A belligerent composed of traitors and
rebels stands in a much worse predicament than
an innocent foreign nation. And when we come
to enforce the rights of conquest we should be
justified in insisting upon the extreme rights of
war, without yielding to the mitigations dictated
by modern usage with regard to belligerents ori-
ginally composed of foreign nations engaged in
war which they deemed just.
The fact of their being rebels as well as belli-
gerents only extends our rights and justifies the
swnmum jus of martial law. To allow them to
plead in palliation that they were our "erring
brethren " would be to allow malefactors to take
advantage of their own wrong.
But it is said that the confiscation of the prop-
erty on land of private individuals is not sanc-
tioned by modern practice. As a general rule
this is true. But that is owingto the forbearance
of the conqueror. The right still exists ar>d mity*
be exercised when the offense of the belligerent is
so great, the war so unjust, as to deserve punish-
ment.
Halleck, following all other writers, says,page
457:
"Some modern text-writers, HantefeuHle for example,
contend for the ancient rule, that private property on ten#
is subject to seizure and confiscation. They are undoubt-
edly correct with respect to the general abstract right, a«
deduced from the law of nature and ancient practice; but
while the general right continues, modern usages and the
opinions of modern text-writers of the highest authority
have limited this right by limiting the rule of general ex-
emption."
When nations wage war for what they suppose
their rights, each party has aright to call the war
just. Modern usage then does not sanction the
'forfeiture of private property on land for purposes
of punishment. But when the war is palpably
unjust, then Vattel says:
"The whole right of a conqueror is derived from justifia-
ble seif-defense, which comprehends the support and pros-
I edition of his rights. When, therefore, he has subdued a
hostile nation, he undeniably may, in the first place, do
himself justice respecting the object which has given rise
to the war, and indemnify himself for the expenses and
damages he has sustained by it,"
And further, page 389:
<e A conqueror who has taken up arms not only against
the sovereign but against the nation herself, and whose in-
tention it was to hubdue a fierce and savage people, and
once for all to reduce an obstinate enemy, such a conqueror
may with justice lay burdens on the conquered nation, both
as a compensation for the expenses of the war and as a
punishment."
In short, the well-established rule ia that as a
strict right the conqueror can confiscate all the
property of the conquered nation; but unless the
enemy has engaged in an unjust war requiring
punishment, or are a stubborn people requiring
severe treatment, the private property on land of
individuals is left untouched.
1 leave the House and the country to decide
whether this is an unjust war, worthy of venge-
ance; whether the enemy is obstinate and fierce
who ought to bear the burdens of the war. If they
answer in the affirmative, then the strict right at-
taches. But in my remarks i did not insist on
the execution of the strict right. I thought that
the women and children, the non-combatants,
and those who were forced by the laws of their
State into the armies, should be spared; and the
property of the guilty, morally as well as politi-
cally guilty, only should be taken. And yet we
hear a howl of horror from conservative gentle-
men at the inhumanity of the proposition. A
band of men, sufficiently formidable to become
an acknowledged belligerent, h*#e robbed the
Treasury of the nation, seized the public prop-
erty, occupied our forts and arsenals, severed in
twain the best and most prosperous nation that
ever existed, slaughtered two hundred thousand
of our citizens, caused a debt of $2,000,000,000,
and obstinately maintain a cruel warfare. If
we are not justified in exacting the extreme de-
mands of war, then I can hardly conceive a
case wheie it would be applicable. England and
France compelled China to pay the expenses of
the war because they said they were waging a
just war. In this, however, the world docs not
agree with them.
The learned gentleman from Kentucky contends
that only the property of the sovereign should
be taken. I have conceded that in a war which
each party could claim as just such was the mod-
ern practice. In responsible or limitedmonaichies
the private property of the king is spared, be-
cause it does not belong to the Government, but
to the individual who occupies the throne. In
many European nations now, however, thfrlaw
vests such private property in the Crown.
But when a monarch is absolute, when he holds
the whole sovereign power, his private property
is subject to confiscation according to the most
modern construction of the law of nations. In
Chuty's Vattel, in note to page 366,it is said:
<f In case the territory of a foreigfc sovereign or a part of
it is captured, the sovereign of the conquering State is en-
titled to ail the property there of the conquered sovereign,
(Amerehaml'ft case, Knapp's R., 329;) and the same case
establishes that there is no distinction in this respect be-
tween the public and private property of au absolute mon-
arch."
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wads-
worth] inquired where the sovereignty was
lodged m a republic,and he answered very truly
in the people. The people are the absolute sov-
