1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
seeking to organize a State under the auspices of
the proclamation. The mere possibility of con-
summating such a scheme, and the easy manner
in which the President is led to sacrifice public
interests to accommodate the views of unworthy
favorites, is sufficient to expose and condemn the
entire system. The fact that the President may
have been deceived only aggravates the misfor-
tune.
Both the proclamation and the bill declare that the
government organized by a number not less than
one tenth of the-voters " shall be republican in its
form." Rome was called a republic, even under the
despotism of the Cffisars. Can the power of the
President or the will of Congre'ss change the very
nature of things? We have heretofore indulged the
belief that a republic was at least founded on the
will of the people—agovernment of majorities; but
here one tenth of the people may be the State, nine
tenths of the people political outcasts, serfs, parihhs!
And is this a republican State? Great God! how
the stern old republicans of the Revolution would
have swelled with rage at such republicanism as
this! " Republican in form;" what an insult to
human intelligence! Such a government is not
a republic. It is an oligarchy, the most infamous
form of government that ever oppressed man-
kind. It is the form of government that at one
time disgraced Athens, that insulted and finally
overthrew the Roman republic, that created the
lazaroni of Naples and Venice, and extinguished
the liberties of Genoa. There is but one instance
in history where that form of government has not
ended in monarchy, and in that instance the day
of its overthrow became immortal in the memory
of mankind.
The favored citizens of these States might in-
deed diminish their own authority by admitting
others to citizenship; but who shall compel them
to do it? And when,sir, have so small a number
of people obtained the mastery over their fellow-
citizens, and voluntarily surrendered their su-
premacy? Mr. Lincoln declaressucha State " re-
publican," and pledges the nation to maintain
it even against the "domestic violence" which
would assert the natural equality of man. Xtwill be
observed that this is not designed as a temporary
expedient, but as a permanent system of gov-
ernment. What becomes of the equality of the
States ? A thousand voters in Florida would send
two members to theSenateand one to this House;
ten thousand voters in Louisiana two Senators and
five members on this floor. I hear it compared
to the rotten-borough system of England. It is
infinitely worse. These States, then, embracing
half of the territory of the Union, when the rebel-
lion is subdued, whether reorganized by the spe-
cial authority and through the instruments of the
President or carricd on by an army of civil offi-
cials appointed by himself, become the mere in-
struments of the executive power, m no sense
States of the Union, but agents for despotism and
ruin, not more prostrating to them than to us.
And is this to be the end of this mighty agony ?
Is it for this the gallant soldier has laid down his
life? Is it for this that your gallant sons have
met the iron front of battle and won the imper-
ishable glory of a patriot grave ? Is it for this the
wife sits weeping with her orphan children by the
desolate hearthstone, and the tearful eyes of the
mother rest on the seat by the fireside that shall
be filled no more? Are these miserable oligarchies
a recompense for a nation's tears? To save a
Constitution, the gift of the mighty dead of the
Revolution, and aUnion sanctified by their blood
from the assaults of traitors, might compensate
for an age of agony; but if all these sacrifices must
end in consolidated power, instruments of vaulting
ambition, then haye your gallant sons fallen and
the heart of a nation been wrung in vain. May
the God of our fathers save us from such a destiny
as this!
The bill before me provides that until a State
government shall be organized by the loyal men
submitting to the terms prescribed—
" The President of the United States shall appoint such
officers piovnied lor by tile lawsof the Mate when its gov-
eminent was overtlnown as he may fiiul ricoHPsary tu tlio
civil administration of the State; ali which ofhocrs shall he
entitled to receive the tecs and emoluments piovidca by
the State laws for such officers." -
This is then the proposed policy, not simply
during the war but after the rebellion is put down;
a permanent system until one tenth of the voters
will submit to the conditions of restoration. Is
it not strange, sir, how instantly we drift into the
old forms of tyranny the moment we cut loose
from the principles of free government? The
President to appoint all the civil officers of the
State, Governor, sheriffs, clerks, judges, com-
moners, constables, justices, trustees. "What a
spectacle! How naturally the experience of his-
tory is revived—the prefects of imperial Rome, the
satraps of Persia, the lord lieutenants of modern
times, the appointed instruments of consolidated
power! With such tremendous authority vested
in the Chief Executive how long could this Repub-
lic survive? It must be observed, too, that this
whole theory is built on the idea of subjugation,
not merely of armed rebels—that is inevitable if
you would restore the Union—but of the masses
ofthe people; a subjugation so complete that with
or without the aid of a standing army they will
submit to be governed by the absolute power of
the President. Would these States a^one feel the
effects of oppression? If they alone were to suf-
fer, so far us it affected the ambitious authors of
these calamities, it might be deemed a just retri-
bution; but would not the magnitude of power in
the Executive recoil on the other States of the
Union to their utter subversion ? Ifit did not, sir,
all the lessons of history are a deception. It is
not then so much a question how this system may affect
the States of the South as how it will affect popular
government itself.
A just indignation against this inexcusable re-
bellion—inexcusable, however provoked by the
fanaticism of the North—might render us indiffer-
ent to the fate of these States; but their fate is in-
evitably interwoven with our own. You cannot
preserve this nation as a Republic, excepton the
basis of the equality of the States. If we subju-
gate not armed rebels, but the States and the peo-
ple of the South, and hold them as conquered
provinces or as petty aristocracies through a
standing army governed by the Federal Execu-
tive, with boundless resources of patronage and
power, how long would it be, sir, befp re this power
will recoil upon ourselves ? No part of this nation
can escape the influence of the rest. No part of
the general system, so happily devised by our
fathers, can be permanently impaired without
bringing fatal weakness to the whole. The blow
that strikes the extremities will send a deadly
sickness to the heart. 11 is then not the question,
what shall be the effects of the President's policy
on the South, but how will it affect the whole na-
tion? The youth and vigor of the American peo-
ple will resist the natural tendencies to centralized
power much longer than a nation borne down by
the weight of centuries. Butletus heware. Even
youth and vigor will expire in the deadly embrace
of power. In 1826, when the national expendi-
tures were but $22,000,000 a year, the prudent
statesmen of that day, fearful that so vast a sum
would render the executive power dangerous to
liberty,raised a committee, of which Mr. Macon,
the pure and virtuous Senator from Georgia, and
Mr. Benton of Missouri, were members, to re-
duce executive patronage. In their repoit to the
Senate it is said:
"In cominsr to the conclusion that executive patto;mgo
ought to be dun unshed and i emulated on the plan piopo^ed,
the committer re fat their opinion on thegsound that the ex-
ercise of in cut pauonage m the hand's of one man h.i> a con-
Kant tendency to sully the puiity of our institutions a.nd
endanger 'hie lir kjities of the country. This doc-tune
is not new. A jcalou-y ot power, and oi the influence of
patronage whi'.h mu-t nhvave accompany it" exercise.has
evet been a distinguishing ieature in the American char-
acter."
Will this generation show the same " jealousy
of power?" The expenditure of $22,000,000,
alarmed the virtuous statesmen of that day. Now
the expenditures run up to §900,000,000! The
Executive assumes the exclusive control, as a
measure of civil government, of ten States, with
all the incidental powers; and with this tremen-
dous patronage, by adulation grown fond of au-
thority, ho asks, in defiance of the settled policy,
to be continued in this hot-bed of ambition. The
year 1864 must lest the strength of the public vir-
tue. It must resist the coriupting power of pa-
tronage, or the vital flame of liberty will expire.
May the spirit of our fathers overshadow their
unfortunate children ! May the virtuous love of
liberty resist the blandishments of power! j
It is impossible, sir, to disguise the fact that ull j
the difficulty in the proclamation and bill before |
me is the effect of the determination that civil
government shall not be restored in the States 6f
the South without the complete abolition of Afri-
can slavery, and, above all, of a guarantee against
its restoration. This is the political paroxysm
of the period. If it were not for this, civil govern-
ments in Tennessee, Arkansas, and Louisiana
could be restored at once under the auspices--df
loyal men and of the masses, who have been forced
into this rebellion, not partially and as petty oli-
garchies, but completely and by the generarcon-
sentof the people, and giving us by their example
a tremendous moral power against the rebellion.
Is it wise, sir, to imperil these enduring interests
by untried and visionary theories? To impoas
the prohibition against the possible restoration of
slavery, you ynust seek for other guarantees than
those furnished by the Constitution; for the right
of domestic government to every State is guarded
by the Constitution in every form that vigilance
and suspicion of central power could suggest.
These guarantees you would break tjlown in the
States of the South, lest they use again, after peace
and union are restored, their original right over
the question of slavery. Mr. Lincoln to do this
would rely on the sanctity of an oath and the
maintenance by the Federal power of the State
government in the hands ofthe insignificant num-
ber who had taken it, while this bill would effect
the same result by a constitutional provision act-
ually forced on the loyal men ofthe South. Then,
to make it effective, Mr. Lincoln must maintain
for all time his petty oligarchies, and deny to the
people the right to change or modify their own
domestic government. This is the absurd yet in-
evitable result.
But looking at the subject without prejudice or
passion, it may well be asked whether the danger
to which the whole nation is exposed by the at-
tempt you are making to change the old land-
marks of the State and national Governments will
be compensated by securing an uncertain benefit
to the unfortunate African? Is this nation pre-
pared to assert the rights of the African in dero-
gation of the domestic sovereignty of the States by
a standing army ? If not, what will all this at-
tempt to force the domestic policy of the South
amount to after the Union is restored? And if
you can under the Constitution by proclamation
or otherwise control the domestic policy of a State
on this domestic question, where is the limit of
your power over the States? What security is
left to that ancient palladium of constitutional gov-
ernment? What breakwater, sir, is left against
the absolutism of Federal power? Will the en-
franchisement of the African compensate for the
seeds you are planting of future wars, and the
universal destruction of liberty, especially that
enfranchisement which leaves him still a political
slave? The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley]
would give him political equality with the white
man; the Republican party may ultimately pro-
gress to this point, but neither the proclamation
nor bill proposes this.
In the florid language of our Republican ora-
tors it has been said ten thousand times, (iSla-
very is dead,"" Slavery is dead;" "The first
gun fired at Sumter was the death-knell of sla-
very. " I do not know, sir, whether African
slavery is dead or not; but this I do know, that
if this tremendous conflict, which has overturned
and broken into fragments the whole social and
domestic system of the South, has not broken
the servitude of the slave and stirred in his soul
an imperishable thirst for freedom, your proc-
lamations and laws will be powerless. If capa-
ble of freedom, the vast numbers of these slaves,
three and a half millions, thrown together as they
now aie, inspired by example and invited to
freedom, they must and will assert the rights of
human nature and be fiee. If incapable from any
cause, as many have believed, of resisting the
superior will of the white man, proclamations and
laws cannot, pow^r only can, change the result,
unless you can change the cupidity and domi-
neering spiiit of the white man. But a few days
since there was laid on your table the sad com-
plaints of benevolent men, deploring the servi-
tude to which the cupidity of your own agents,
and lessees of plantations, had subjected the un-
foitunate multitudes of negroes which you had
gathered from their homes to be the recipients of
your bounty. Yes, sir, your own agents, the very
men, the philun^iropi&ts, who had acquired the
