1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. MORRILL introduced a joint resolution
authorizing the President of the United States to
give to theGovcrnmentof GreatBritain the notice
required for the termination of the reciprocity-
treaty of June 5, A. D. 1854; which was read a
first and second time,
Mr. MORRILL. I move its reference to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WARD. I ask the gentleman from Ver-
mont to allow that joint resolution to go to the
Committee on Commerce. It is well known to
members of the old House that this subject was
very fully and vcr/claborately considered in the
Committee on Commerce last session; and it
would seem much more appropriate to permit the
subject to remain there than to send it now to the
Committee of Ways and Means; The honorable
gentleman will have an opportunity to discuss the
question when it comes up.
iVir. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, this question
has been hitherto considered rather as a foreign
<ihan as a domestic question. It is really a question
of a domestic character, relating to the revenues,
-j.nd i therefore desire its reference to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. By the existence of
the present commercial treaty with Great Britain
we are deprived of the privilege of revising our
tariff or of levying an internal tax according as our
own wisdom and judgmentmaydictate, i move
that the joint resolution be referred to the Commit-
tee of ways and Means; and on that question I
move the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After the
gentleman from Veimont has had Ins say I hope
lie will give me a moment.
The SPEAKER. By the rules of the House
debate is not allowed during the morning hour.
A!( bills introduced must be referred without de-
bate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was aware
of that; but as the gentleman from Vermont has
taken occasion to state the reasons why this mat-
ter should be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, \ wish to show why it should rather
go to the Committee on Commerce.
Objection was made.
Mi. WARD. I move to amend by referring
to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER The motion is not in order
after the previous question being called.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. MORRILL. Is it in order to withdraw
the joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not, it having been read
a first and second time.
Mr. WARD. I now move to amend, by re-
fen mg the joint resolution to the Committee on
Commerce.
The amendment was agreed to; and the motion,
us amended, was agreed to.
BUREAU OF EMANCIPATION.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill to establish a
Bureau of Emancipation; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a select committee of
five, and ordered to be printed.
ELECTIONS IX TENNESSEE AND LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAWES introduced a bill to provide for
the i-(ecuo\5 of Representatives m Congress from
the States of Tennessee and Louisiana; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Elections.
COMMUTATION LAW.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
presented the joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Connecticut, instructing Senators and request-
ing Representatives to obtain a modification of
the conscription act, so as that towns and sub-
divisions of enrollment districts shall be credjted
with then respective quotas; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
NKW KECIPltOOlTY TREATY.
Mr. WARD introduced a bill to authorize the
appointment of commissioners to negotiate anew
treaty with the Butish provinces of Worth Amer-
ica, based upon the true principles of reciprocity;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
STATEMENT OF FINANCES.
Mr- WARD also introduced a joint resolution
directingthe Secretary of the Treasury to furnish
a semi-monthly statement of the financial condi-
tion of the Government during each session of
Congress,-and monthly during the recess; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
CHAKLES M. POTT.
Mr. ANCONA introduced a billgrantinga pen-
sion to Charles M. Pott; which was l-ead a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
MAJOlt WILLIAM S. HENRY.
Mr. ANCONA also introduced a bill for the
relief of the heirs at law of Major William S.
Henry, which was referred to the CommijW-ee of
Claims.
LOSSES ON TUB MONITOR.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, introduced a
joint resolution to compensate the ctew of the
United States steamer Monitor for clothing and
property destroyed in the public service; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PEOPLE'S PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a bill granting pub-
lic lands to the People's Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, to aid in the construction of a radroad and
telegraph line to the Pacific coast by the northern
route; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the hili 1 have
just introduced be referred to a special committee.
The SPEAKER. That*will be done, if there
be no objection.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER". Of how many shall the com-
mittee constst?
Mr. STEVENS. Of thirteen.
The mot/on was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether I am
at liberty to introduce more than one bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania can introduce as many as lie desires.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. STEVEN'S also introduced a bill to fix the
pay of coloied officers, soldiers, chaplains, and
musicians; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPEAL OF CONFISCATION ACT AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEVENS also introduced a bill to repeal
joint lesolution No. 63, approved July 17, 1862;
which was lead a first and second time.
Mr. COX. Read it.
The bill was read through. It provides for the
repeal of the joint resolution (No. 63) explana-
tory of an act to suppress insurrection, to punish
treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
property of rebels, and for other purposes, ap-
proved July 17, 1862. The bill was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
BEPfiAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE ACT.
Mr. STEVENS also introduced a bill to repeal
the fugitive slave act approved February 12,1793,
and the act amendatory thereto, approved Sep-
tember 18,1850; which was read afirst and second
time, and referted to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
ELECTIONS OF REPRESENTATIVES, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS also introduced a bill to fix the
time for holding elections for Representatives in
Congtess,and to enable soldiers in the service of
the United States to vote for said officers; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. COX. 1 have a resolution which I desire
to offer for adoption.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this j
time.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. SPAt7LDIN"G introduced a bill to amend
the act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling
out the nutxonal forces, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1863; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee oa
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. Are not the bills which have
been introduced ordered to be printed without a
motion?
The SPEAKER. They are not.# *
Mr. STEVENS. I move, then, that the bills
which I have presented be ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE,, of Illinois. It has never
been the practice of the House to order the printing
of bills when introduced for reference. .
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose not, and therefore
withdraw my motion.
The SPEAKER. Bills and joint resolutions are
ordered to be printed when they are reported from
the committees.
ADMISSION OE COLORADO.
Mr. ASHLEY introduced a bill to tfnable the
people of Colorado to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States; which was read a first and second
time,and referred to the Committee on Territories.
AMENDMENT OF CONFISCATION ACT.
Mr. ASHLEY also introduced a bill to amend
the confiscation act, and for other purposes. It
was rend a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
KEPEAL OF THE FUGITIVE SLAVE ACT.
Mr. ASHLEY also introduced a bill to repeal
the fugitive slave act of 1850, and all acts and
parts of acts for the rendition of fugitive slaves;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered,
to be printed.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. ASHLEY also introduced a bill to provide
for the submission to the several States of a prop-
osition to amend the national Constitution pro-
hibiting slavery, or involuntary servitude, in all
of the States and Territories now owned or which
may be hereafter acquired by the United States;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. Read the bill.
The Cleric read the bill inextenso.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object to the second read-
ing of that bill.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order under
the rule.
Mr. HOLM AN. I believe, ifobjection be made,
the question comes up on the second reading of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the rule,
from page 32 of Barclay's Digest.
The Cleik read, as follows:
"And the Speaker shall firr-t call the States and Terri-
tories tor bills on leave; and all bills so intioduced during
lhe hour after tiie Journal is read bhull be icferred,
without debate, to their appiopi late committees."
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the reading of the
117th rule.
The Cleik read the rule, as follows:
"The fir^t reading of a bill *hal! he lor information, and
if opposition l>e made to it, tin* question shail be,c Shall
this bill be rejected?3 If no opposition be made, or if the
question to tejoot bi1 negatived, the bill shall go to itb* sec-
ond reading without a question."
The SPEAZCER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Indiana that the 117th rule ap-
plies to billy presented in a condition to he passed.
Of course, in such a case the gentleman would
have a right to object to the second reading, and
the bill mightbe rejected on its first reading. Sub-
sequently, however, to the adoption of that rule—
which was adopted at the foundation of the Gov-
ernment in 1789—this rule which has been read
was adopted, that on alternate Mondays an hour
should be devoted to the consideration of bills for
reference only, and the language of that rule ia
that the bills shall be referred without debate.
The bill was referred to the Judiciary Committee*
ADMISSION OF ^EBIiASKA.
Mr. ASHLEY, in pursuance of previous no-,
tice, introduced a bill to enable the people of Ne-
braska to form a constitution and State govern-
ments and for the admission of such State into
the XJnion on an equal footing with the original
