THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
The SPEAKER. The motion to non-concur
cannot be entertained now; the question must be
put on the motion to concur; if that be decided in
the negative the gentleman'will then be recog-
nized to make the motion to non-concur.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
On concurring in the'report of the committee
of conference 52 voted in the affirmative, 55 in
the negative.
Mr. UPSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas arid nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 74, not voting 56; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Arnold, Ashley, Rally,
JohnD. Baldwin, Blair,Boutwell,Amhrose W.Clark, Fiee-
man Clarke, Cole. Doming, Dixon, Donnelly. Eliot, Frank,
Gaifield, Gooch, Guswold, IIoopci, Ilotchkiss, A&ahel W.
Hubbard, Hiillmrd, Ivelley, Oiiando Kellogg, Knox, Law,
Littlejolm, Lomiyear, Marvin, MeClurg, Mclndoe, Moor-
head, Mori til, Daniel Moms, Moirison, Leonaid Myeis,
Norton,Odell, Ohailos O'Neill, Patterson,Pendleton,Rob-
inson, Sciienck. Shannon, Stevens,Thomas, Up*oii, Van
Valkenburgh, Wind, Webster, Williams, and Woodbtidgc
—52.
NAYS—Messrs. William T Allen, Alley, Ame«s, Aneona,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Bliss,
Bioomall, James *5. Brown, Chanler, Cobb, Cox, Cie.swell,
Dawes, Dawson, Deuison, Eeklry, Eden, Edgciton, Eld-
rktee, Finck, Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris,
Hisrby, Holman, John II. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Philip John-
son, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleiseh, Kerruin, Lu-
zear, Le Blond, Loan, Long, McDowell. McKinnev,Sam-
uel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Amos Myers, NeNon, N"-
ble, Orlli, Perham, Peiry, Pike, Price, Itad("o d, John II.
Rice, Itoger*, James S3. Rollins, Scolield, Sloan, Smith,
Smuhers." Spalding, William G. Steele, Sttles, Strouse,
Sweat, Thaler, YVadsworth, Ehini B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wheeler, Chilton A. WlHte, Joseph W.
White. Wdaou, Wlndom, and Fernando Wood—74.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Blow, Boyd,
Brandegee, Brooks, William (J. Brown, Clay, ColTtoth,
UiaveiiN, lleutv Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Diiggs,
Dumont, English, Fainsworth, Fenton, Ganson, Gruler,
Giinnell, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G.IIairis, Herrick, Hutch-
iris Jenlkes, Kusson, Francis W. Kellogg, King, Knapp,
Mill lory, Marcy, McAllister, McBude, Middleton, James R.
Morns. John O'Neill, Pomcioy, Piuyn, Samuel J.Randall,
William H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Gdwaid H. Rol-
lins, Scott, Stair, Stebbins, John B. Steele, Sluait,
Tracy, Vooihees, Whaley, Wilder, Wmfield, Benjaniin
Wood, and Yeamau—5G.
So the report of the committee of conferencc was
rejected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CRESWELL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Davis, of Maryland, was detained from the
House by illness.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio will move a concurrence on the part of the
House in all the recommendations of the com-
mit! re of con fere nee, except as to the ninety fourth
amendment, leaving that single point for the de-
cision of the future committee of conferencc.
Mr.STEVENS. I think that cannot be done.
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the House
for us action.
■ Mr. PENDLETON. Then I suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana to make the motion him-
self.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I will then make the motion
at the instance of the gentleman from Ohio that
the House concur in the report of the committee
of conference, except so far as relates to the ninety-
fourth amendment, and that they further insist
upon their disagreement to that amendment, and
ask a further conference upon it. Upon that mo-
tion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 405, to provide
internal revenue to suppoit the Government, to
pay infeicst on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, and that, aecuiding to the undeistanding
of the Hou.sc, those ori which a separate vote is
not asked will be considered as concurred m.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
amendments.
Two hundred and seventh amendment:
In section sixty-eight strike out the words "the interest
of all persons in default in;" so that it will lead :
That in all cases in which the duties aforesaid, payable
onspuRs distilled and sold, or removed for consumption
or sale, or beer, lager beer, ale, portei, and other similar
fermented liquors, shall not be paid at the time of render-
ing the account of the same, or at the time when they
shall have become payable, as herein required, to theJcol-
lector or deputy collector of the district, the person or per-
sons chatgeable therewith shall pay, in addition, 10 per
cent, on the amount thereof; and, until such duties, with
such addition, shall be paid, they shall be and remain a hen
upon the distillery where such hquois have been distilled.
Mr. KERNAN. That is the same question
which we had up last night, it changes the lien
from the party in interest to the land; from the
party who may violate the law to the innocent
owner of the larul. I hope that the amendment
will not be concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 can see no injustice about
it. If the owner of a piece of land chooses to
allow a distillery upon it he must take the conse-
quences.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
53, noes 43. '
The amendment was concurred in.
Two hundied and ninth amendment:
Insert the words " and upon the lot or tract of land
wheieon the distillery or bieweiy is Mtnnte so that it
will read:
That in all ca^es in which the duties aforesaid, payable
on fpuits distilled and sold, or removed for consumption
oi sale, or beer, lagei beer, ale, potter, and other j-imilar
tVnnented liquor, shall not be paid at the time of lernier-
ingthe account of'the samo,oi at the tune when they shall
have become payable, as herein requited, to the collector
or deputy collector of the district, the person or persons
chargeable therewith shall pay, m addition, 10 per cent,
on the amount thereof; and, until such duties, with Mich
addition, shall be paid, they thall be and remain a Hen
upon the distillery whete Mich liquors have been distilled,
and upon the lireweiy where such hquois have been
browed, and upon the stills, boilers, vats,and all other im-
plements them to belonging, and upon the lot or tract of land
whereon the distillery oi brewery is situate, until the same
shall have been paid.
Mr. KERNAN. I avail myselfof this amend-
ment to answer what has been said by the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mi. Morrill.] He said
if a person chooses to allow a distillery upon his
land it should be liable to be sold in fee for the
fault of the distiller. He must know there is a
great deal of real estate leased where the tenant
has the right to build a distillery upon it, and the
landlord cannot prevent it. The distiller may
make default and allow his landlord's property
to be sold and buy it in himself, for there is to be
no notice to the owner. It seems to me that such
legislation is not necessary or wise. When we
impose the penalty upon the man who makes the
default, when we make all his inteiest in the
manufacture liable, I think that is as far as we
ought to go. I think we cannot constitutionally,
and should not if we could, foi feit any man's fee
for the default of another. I hope the amend-
ment will be non-concurred in, so that the whole
matter may be revised.
Mr. MORRILL. This is done to remedy an
evil in the internal revenue law. Iiresponsible
parties lease distilleries, distill for a certain time,
and then abandon them, defrauding the Govern-
ment of revenue. 1 think the case proposed by
the gentleman fiom New York is rate. If there
be one the Commissioner of Internal Revenue will
have the power to remit the forfeiture.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas Gf>, nays 67, not votingSO; as
follows:
YEAS—Alley, Allison, Ashley, Baily, John T).
Baldwin, Baxtn, Beaman, Blair, Boutwell, Bioomall,
Ambrose W. Gl.uk, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Dawes,
Dennng, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Frank, Gai field, Gooch, Higby, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel
W. llubbaid, John II. IIubb«ird, Ilulbuid, Junckes, Julian,
ICellev'j Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Loan, Longyear, McCluig,
Melndoe, Samuel F.Miller, Morrill. Daniel Morris, Amos
.Myers, Norton, Orth, jferha'm, Pike, Price, Alexander 11.
Rice, John II. Rice, gchcnck, Sioan, Smithes, Stevens,
Thayer. Thomas', Upson,Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu B.Wash-
b.uue, William B. Wus-hbuin, Webster, Whaley, Wilder,
VVil-on. and Wmdom—-65.
NAYS—James C. Allen, William J. Allen. An-
cona, AugustusC. Baldwin, Rrorik^,James S. Rto\vn,ClKHi-
k-r, Cofiftnlh, Cox, Dawson, Ehhuhje. Fui'.k. Ganson,Gn-
| der, Gn-vw>ld, Ilal'e. IIaiding, Ilauington. Chatles M. Har-
' n<, Jlerriek. Iloltnan, iluLehin-.} Ingewdl, Phil-p Johnson,
! William Johnson, Ka!bflei«oh, Keinan, Law, Lascar, Le
! Blond, Marcv, McAllister, McDowell, WcKnmey, Middle-
; ton, MooriKdd, James K. Muui.-., MunioonjLeoiiurd Myor.',
Nelson, Noble, Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Rndlbid,
Samuel J. Randall, Kobti^on, Iiogejs, Jame^ S, Roiling,
Scoficld, Scott, Shannon, Smith, William G. Steele, Utiles,
Strouse, Sweat, Tracy, Wnd^woitn, Ward, Wheeler,Chil-
ton A. White, Joseph W. White, Williams, and Fernando
Wood—67.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Blaine, Bliss, Blow, Boyd, Braudegee, William G. Brown,
Clay, Oiaveub, Creswell, Henry Winter Davi*, Thomas T.
Davis, Denison, Drigcs,Dumont,Eden, Edgerton. English,
Fenton, Giinnell, Hall, Benjamin G. Il.irns, ICa^on, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, King, Knapp, Littlejohn, Long, M.illorv.
Marvin,McHride, William II. Miller, Charle- O'Neill. Jolm
O'Neill, Patterson, Pomcioy, William H. Randall, Edwaid
H. Itolhns, Ross, Spalding, Starr, Stcbbins, John B. Steele,
Stuart, Vooihees, Wmfield, Benjamin Wood, VVoodliruJge,
and Yearnan—-50.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOLMAN. A short time since I moved
the appointment of a second committee of confer-
ence upon the legislative and executive appro-
priation bill. Inasmuch asitisimportanttohave
the bill acted upon speedily, I desire not to be a
member of the committee, and to suggest, if it is
proper to do so, that inasmuch as the present
committee not only understand the subject-mat-
ters in controversy, as also the views of the
House, which no doubt they will take in the na-
ture of instructions, that it would be better for
the public service that the same committee should
be tcappointed.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with the sug-
gestion made by the gentleman from Indianu,thc
Chair reappoints the same committee.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate have agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the bill of the House (No. 290)
for the relief of Rhoda Wolcottj widow of Henry
Wolcott.
That the Senate have passed a bill (H. R. No.
521) to amend an act entitled "An act to provide for
the payment of the claims of Peruvian citizens
under the convention between the United States
and Peru of the 12th of January, 1863," ap-
proved June 1, 1864, without amendment.
That the Senate have passed a bill (S. No. 278)
prescribing the terms on which exemplifications
shall be furnished by the General Land Office; in
which the concurrence of the House was requested.
That the Senate have disagreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the bill of the Senate (No.
266)to preventsmugghng,and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 356) requiring
proof of payment of duties on foreign salt before
payment of the allowances provided for by the acts
of July 29, 1813, and March 3, 1819; and an act
(H. R. No. 40) making appropriations forthecon-
sularand diplomatic expenses ofthe Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1865, and foi other
purposes; when the Speaker signed the same.
INTERNAL REVENUE—AGAIN.
Pour hundred and sixty-first amendment:
In section one hundred and tluee, line four, strike out
" three5' and luseit" two and a half;'' so that the section
will read:
That any person, firm, company, orcorpoiation carrying
on or doing an express bu^ines-s bhall ho subject to and pay
a duty of per cent, on the gross amount of all the receipts
of such express business.
Mr. HOLMAN. The effect of this amend-
ment of course is easily perceived. It is to di-
minish the tax upon the gross receipts of these
express companies from 3 to 2| per cent. I do
not know any companies in the country who cau
better afford to pay a large tax than these com-
panies. It seems to me there is no reason for
reducing the taxes they are required to pay.
Three per cent., indeed, does not correspond with
the tax we impose upon other departments of
business, and the experience of every member
must be that the express companies throughout
the entire country make charges for the perform-
ance of their services far exceeding almost any
other branch of public business. I trust the
amendment will not be concuried in.
Mr. MORRILL. Representations were made
to the Committee of Ways and Means whiiji sat-
isfied them that 2| per ccnt. was a very luigo
