1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fought hi Missouri, the men fought well,and have been en-
tity overlooked since. They are all unconditional Union,
and, I must say, reel sore at the rematk alluded to. Give
lis our due. We lost m that fight forty-one killed on the
ground, and over o e hunched and fifty wounded. The
rebels lost seventy-four killed, and nearly two hundred
wounded; and we whipped the rebels. Cockriil had com-
iuttnd ot the main force, three thousand, that was encamped
nine miles northwest of Lone Jack, when I attacked (Jof-
fee there the night before. Coffee had sixteen hundred men.
I hope, in justice to your own party, and to your own
regiment, so grossly slandered by Mr. King, you will state
the facts in the case.
I do not know why my report was never published. I
don't know whether I have the right to send it to you. I
do so, at any rate.
I am, colonel, your obedient servant,
EMORY S. FOSTER.
Greenfield, May 1,1663.
General: I have the honor to report that, in obedience
to an oider fro in you, dated Jefferson City, August 12,1862,1
proceeded from Syracuse to SedaJiato take command of Hie
forces about to march to Lexington. Company H, seventh
Missouri State militia, Captain Slocum, from Syracuse,
reported ateleveno'clock, p. m., on the 12th. The two com-
panies ot the eighth Missouri State militia, Captains Moore
and Owen, and a section of the third Indiana battery, Lieu-
tenant Deveiin, marching by rail from Jefferson, reported
at four o'clock, a. in., August 13. T marched immediately,
and reached Lexington August 14,at eleven,a. in., a distance
•of sixty miles, men and horses very much worn out, hav-
ing marched foity-eight hours without food or rest.
I received an oider from you at one o'clock, a. m., August
15, to tmuch at daylight in the direction of Lone Jack
with eight hundred men. At daylight I marched with a
force consisting of detachments .from five companies ot the
seventh cavalry Missouri volunteers, three companies of the
sixth cavahy Missouri State militia, two companies of the
«ighth cavalry Missouri State militia, three companies sec-
ond battalion cavahy Missouri State militia, and one
company of the seventh cavalry Mis.-ouii State militia, to-
gether with a section of the third Indiana battery.
In consequence of a jealousy in regard to rank, no field
officers weie &ent with me, as you directed should be done.
I marched directly for Lone Jack. About noon 1 reported
to Colonel Hu&tin, commanding at Lexington, that the
enemy, sixteen hundred stiong, were at Lone Jack, under
Coffee, and that I would fight that evening.
We surprised the camp about nine o'clock that evening,
and completely routed the enemy. Lieutenant Devolm,
being drunk, acted very badiy, and was arrested, and thear-
lilleiy was placed m charge ofSergeant Scott. The men then
slept inline in Lone Jack. About daylight the pickets came
in and reported that the enemy were advancing, about
three thousand strong. Several scouts had reported, and
no word from Warren, who should have been in support-
ing distance.
Two parties were stili out, leaving u  about seven hun-
dred and forty men. Knowing the instructions you had
given Colonel Wairen, and believing him to be in hearing
of my artillery, I awaited the enemy.
The attack was made about forty minutes after the pick-
ets came in. The enemy attempted to turn both my right
•and lelt, hut were unable to do so by reason of a* thick
liedge, whiclrprotectcd us on each flank, and afforded «ome
protection to our fiout, our rear being protected by a
small deep stream, the ciossmg ot which we held.
The enemy's cavahy being ttuown into confusion by the
hedge, and annoyed l > Miarpshootois placed behind it,fled
in confusion, rejoining the main body, winch then attacked
us in front.
After a desperate tight of four hours' duration, the enemy
began to fall back. At tins tune LieutenantDevelincaine
on to the field, and rushing among his men oidered them
to fall back, leaving the gun-. Seeing this the enemy ral-
lied and made an attempt to capture the aitiMery, but were
repulsed with great slaughter. Of s>ixty men led by me in
this chaige. only eleven leached the guns, and they were
all wounded, fn the act of dragging the cannon outof the
enemy's leach i was shot down. Captain Bro wrier was then
in command. Attei a severe hand-to-hand light which
lasted about a half horn, the enemy gave way and retreated,
leaving us the field and the guns. At this time Coffee came
in sight with about fifteen hundred men, having collected
his foiccs which werescatteied the night b<jtoie". Captain
Browner fell back leaving the guns. About onu houraftcr
the enemy came up and took po^ession of the field.
The factth.it seven hundred and forty men fought five
liouis against ssuch odd* (three thousand) and whipped
them is sufficient evidence ot the stuff of which they are
made. They need no pnu-e from me. Whete all fought so
well it is impossible to designaie those most worthy of
mention. Uiavor men never fought. Had .\ourorders been
obeyed the whole twice of the enemy would have been
captuted or temhly muted and destroyed.
Colonel Wanen came up the next day, and wa&iu sight
of the enemy all day. I was, told by officers on the ground
that General Blunt came up during the day, but no engage-
ment took place.
The enemy retreated south as soon as ni^ht came. I was
told by Cocki ill, who commanded the rebels m the tight,
that they were completely out of ammunition, which tact
I stated to Colonel VVarren.
I can give no IKt of casualties, as the company com-
inanders"have not reported to me.
I am, general, your obedient servant,
EMORY t*. FOSTER,
Major jScoenth Missouri Stale Militia.
Brigadier General James Totten, Commanding'Central
District Mfciout i.
EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION.
Mr. HULBURD. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
submit some views on the constitutionality of the
President's emancipation proclamation. 1 am j
aware the subject has already been touched upon ;
on this floor, yet I think some things have been
left unsaid. 1 commence by saying war is tifat
state in which a nation prosecutes or defends its
rights by force. To constitute war, there must
be, at least, two parties. Belligerent rights and
liabilities commonly attach equally to the con-
tending parties. In a civil or insurrectionary war
there is superadded to Government the- right of
treating its rebel population as belligerents and as
subjects.
Vattel's words are, "the rights of war clearly
exist between'members of the same empire en-
gaged in a civil war." The Supreme Court of
the United States fully recognized this principle
in a case arising during the war waged by Spain
against her American possessions, declaring the
existence of this civil war gave both parties all
the rights of war against each other. But belli-
gerent rights are not regalian rights. In other
words, both parties had not sovereign rights; if
they had, it would be a public and not a civil war.
Our Government has recognized the rebels as
belligerents, in blockading their ports, in receiv-
ing their truce flags, in cartels to exchange pris-
oners, in not putting upon tnal for treason their
abettors or soldiers or officers, thus treating them
practically as public enemies with whom existed
war. The rebels have allalongclaimed for them-
selves belligerent rights—of course taking them,
as lawyers say, cum onere. It would occupy too
much of the allotted hour to particularize what
are our and their belligerent rights and liabilities
by citations from the only recognized authority
in the premises—the law of nations.
ltis, however, laid down by Vattel,in his trea-
tise on the law of nations, that the right of con-
fiscating enemy's property in time of war is
incontrovertibly established as one of the oldest
rights of war; that " we have a right to deprive
ourenemy of his possessions, of everything which
may augment his strength and enable him to make
war." Our own Supreme Court use these words:
" War gives to the sovereign the full right to take
the persons, confiscatethe property of the enemy
wherever found.".
All this is but preliminary to the inquiry, is the
abolition of slavery in an enemy's country by
proclamation a legitimate exercise of a belligerent
right? I take it, if slavery augments the enemy's
strength and resources, and thus enables trim bet-
ter to carry on and longer protract the war, its
abolition or removal is allowable and most de-
sirable. Is it to us desirable as a military meas-
ure? If so, is it by the laws of war or of nations
allowable by proclamation?
In the early days of the rebellion, the London
Ttmes, not yet blinded or perverted by passion
and prejudice, declared that the vantage ground
of preparation and of choice of time was always
with conspirators, but that the South entered in-
to the contest with this marked disadvantage—a
domestic foe slept around every southern fireside.
Such was the view generally entertained. Where-
as slavery, instead of being an element of weak-
ness and of danger, has proved to the South to
be not merely material aid, but a vast source .of
supply and of recuperative stiength. Instead of
making, as was expected, a servile insurrection,
the slave has either staid quietly at home and
tilled the field and harvested the crops, or he has
worked in the trenches or drudged in the camp,
by so much releasing his master from home pies-.
e«fce and duties, and relieving him from the actual
hardships of field service.
Thus has the institution really proved one of
the main sinews of their strength and of their
means to prolong the rebellion.
Is there not, then, most abundant reason why,
as a war measure, as a military necessity, rebel sla-
very should be reached and broken up, irrespective
even of the humanitarian effect upon the slave?
Having the right, and there being the necessity,
was it not a duty we owed ourselves, our soldiers,
and our country, to reach and smite the guilty
cause, extirpating utteily, root and branch, the
baleful tiee whose fi uit has now brought so much
of death and woe into our world ? Do the laws of
nations or the usages of war authorize the libera-
tion of enemy's .slaves by proclamation or mili-
tary order? Sir William Scott said in one of his
admaalty decisions, "A great part ot the law of
nations stands on the usage and practice of nations, ;
and on no other foundation." Our own Supreme |
Court have held generally, " if the end be legiti- J
mate and wjthin the scope of the Constitutional!
means which are not prohibited by the <poustifcu-
tion are lawful," . < ; 3 ,
Now, is the. end proposed.to be accomplished
by this war "legitimate and within the scope of
the Constitution ?" Letus see. The United States
fortification, Fort Sumter, in Charleston harbor,
was attacked by disaffected citizens with; the
avowed purpose of violating the national sover-
eignty and destroying the integrity and life of thb
Union. Immediately participated in by disloyal
sympathizers elsewhere, the movement, at oricfe
assumed something more than the*proportions of
an insurrection; it became a fiercely waged, ag-
gressive war, to resist and suppress which the
most subtle casuistry—always excepting Buchan-
, an's last message—cannot deny was clearly legit-
imate, and so far from being prohibited, -was an
imperative duty imposed ipsissimav^ba, and by
the whole scope of the Constitution.
Placed in the attitude of defending its just rights
by force, war at once existed, and at once all the
rights and liabilities of war accrue and attach.
Modern warfare and civilized nations have prac-
ticed the liberation of enemy's slaves by the procla-
mations of military commanders. This power has
been repeatedly exercised by England, by France,
by Spain, by the South American republics hold-
ing slaves, and more than once heretofore by our-
selves; a sufficient array of precedents and of au-
thorities—according to Sir William Scott just
cited—to make a new and accepted chapter in the
laws of nations, if not in the world's general his-
tory.
The British commanders exercised thisrightas
far back as the war of our Revolution. On the 7th
day of November, 1775, a formal proclamation
was issued by Lord Dunmore, commander of the
royal forces, declaring all the slaves ofrebels free.
Washington himself did not question the lawful-
ness of this belligerent act. if the British com-
mander could rightfully do this as a war meas-
ure against the rebels of that day, have we a less
or inferior right against our rebels ? Jefferson de-
clared he himself lost " aboutthirty" slaves,and
his State " about thirty thousand," by the hostile
acts of Lord Cornwallis. Instead of questioning
the exercise of such authority he expressly says,
" Had this been to give them freedom he (Corn-
wallis) would have done right."
On the 14th of April, 1815, Admiral Cochrane
put forth a proclamation addressed, in fact but
not in name, to slaves in the UnitedStates, offer-
ing them service on board British ships, or free-
dom in British settlements. No condemnation,
no denunciation, no arraignment anywhere fol-
lowed these war measures. Nevertheless they
were not without effect. Many slaves availed
themselves of the invitation, and were carried out
of the country under the British flag. In the pro-
tracted diplomatic discussions and correspondence
which this last act gave rise to (as a violation of
the treaty of Ghent*) Great Britain broadly as-
serted the belligerent right of libeiating enemy's
slaves. John Ctuincy Adams, as Secretary of
State, in 1826, under instructions, questioned that
right for the last time. It is said afterwards on
this floor he solemnly averred that against his
own judgment and wishes he was constrained to
take that position by his associates in the Cabi-
net of Mr. Monroe.
I will not stop even to epitomize historical in-
stances where France, Spain, the South American
provinces, and other Governments have, as a war
measure, liberated slaves. Our own most distin-
guished war generals, Jackson, Jesup, Gaines,
and Taylor, repeatedly exercised this power; and
the right and the lawfulness of all such emancipa-
tion acts have been accepted and acquiesced in by
masters, by State Legislatures, by the Supreme
Court, and by the national Government; and this,
too, whether the slave was impressed into the
public service, or v>«is by war manu capta, or a
voluntary fugitive in camp.
If our military subalterns can do this without
censure and with such acceptance, what shall
hinder our Commander-in-Chief? Where, in the
ascending line, docs the power cease to operate?
* This tieaty was signed hv the commi«sioneisof the Uni-
ted States and Great Biitain. The fhst article pcovided,
among other thing-:, tliat ah <e possessions whatsoever,"
&e , '-shall be lestored without deiay"witiion£"carrying
away any of the artillery," &c., " or am/steue-s or otlier pi 1-
vate property.
