1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced a
bill reviving- the grade ofheutetmntgeneral in the
United States Army.
Mr. COX asked that the bill be read.
The bill was read. It revives the grade of lieu-
tenant general of the United States Army, and
gives the President the power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to confer it,
during war, upon the officer of the regular or vol-
unteer forces, of a rank not below that of major
general, most distinguished by courage, skill, and
genius, in his profession. It also extends to the
officer so selected the pay and emoluments pro-
vided for that grade by acts heretofore passed.
The joint resolution was read a second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
MICHIGAN LAND GRANT.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, introduced a
joint resolution extending a grant of public lands
from the city of Grand Rapids to the southern
line of the State of Michigan; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
PROHIBITION OP SLAVERY.
Mr. WILSON introduced a joint resolution
submitting to the Legislatures of the several States
a proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. F. WOOD called for the reading of the
joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read. It provides for
submitting, in the usual form, to the Legislatures
of the several States the following amendments
to the Constitution of the United States:
Sec. 1. Slavery, being incompatible with a free govern-
ment, is forever ptohibited m the United States; and invol-
untary seivitudc shall be permitted only as a punishment
for crime.
Sfo. 2. Congress shrill have power to enfoiee the fore-
going section of this article by appiopriate legislation.
The joint resolution was read a second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
TIIIRTY-SBVENTH IOWA.
Mr. WILSON also introduced a bill for the
relief of the members of the thirty-seventh Iowa
volunteer infantry; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
KOBISRT STEVENSON.
• Mr. WILSON also introduced a bill for the
relief of Robert Stevenson; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
BOUNTIES TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON also introduced a bill to provide
for the payment of bounties to soldiers in certain
cases; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Allans.
POST OmCE CODE.
Mr. KASSON introduced a bill to revise and
codify the laws relating to the Post Oflice Depart-
ment; which was read a first and second time,and
refeired to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PORTLAND NAVAL DEPOT.
Mr. SWEAT introduced a bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to appoint a board of com-
petent officers to sunny the Imrbor of Portland,
Maine, and its suiroundings, ill reference to its
fitness for a naval depot; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous con-
sent, the select committee this morning ordered to
be raised on the subject of a Ijiireati of Emancipa-
tion was directed to consist of nine members in-
stead of five.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES presented the memorial of John
H. MeHenry, contesting the seat of George II.
Yeaman as a memberof this House; which, with
all papers on file relating to contested electionsm
the present Iiouse, was referred to the Committee
of Elections.
INTRODUCTION OF RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in or-
der to be the cull of the States and Territories for
resolutions.
PRINTING OP TREASURY REPORTS.
Mr. HOOPER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand five hundred copies of the
repoit of the Secretary of the Treasury, with the accom-
panying documents; two thousand five bundled of the re-
port, withoutthe accompanying documents; two hundred
and fifty copies of the estimates of appiopiiations; and one
hundred and fifty copies of receipts and expenditures, be
printed for the use of the Treasuty Department,
DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS.
^ Mr. DEMING submitted the following fesolu-
Uon:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the mem-
bers of the House, the regular number of copies of the work*
prepared by the Librarian, entitled " Dictionary of the Uni-
ted State? Congtess," and that the Clerk of the {louse shall
pay a suitable copyright, piovided that the same shall not
exceed 50 per copy.
Mr. HOt MAN. I propose to debate that reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER, It will then lie over under
the rule.
IMMIGRANT BUREAU.
Mr. WARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be, and is
hereby, requested to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing an immigrant Bureau, m connection with the De-
partment of the Intend, with leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
PEACE.
Mr. F. WOOD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read by the Clerk:
Wheieas the President, in his message delivered to this
House on the Dili instant, and in his recommendation to
the people to assemble at their place* of worship and give
thanks to God for recent victories, claims that the Union
cause has canted important and substantial advantages;
and whereas, m view of these tnumphs, it is no longer be-
neath om dignity, noi dansioious to our safety, to evince a
generous magnanimity becoming a great and powerful peo-
ple by offering lo the liisuigents an opportunity to return to
the Union without imposing on them degrading ur destruc-
tive conditions: Theiefoie,
Resolved, That the Pi evident be requested to appoint
three commissioner, who shall be empowered to open ne-
gotiations with the authoi ities at Richmond, to the end that
tins bloody, destructive, and inhuman wai shall cc.i^e,aud
the Union be restored on terms ot equity, fiaterinty, and
equality under the Constitution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. F.WOOD. I have the floor. Is discussion
now in order on that resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. F. WOOD. I ask for Us adoption; and
on that call for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the resolution be laid upon the table; and on
that motion call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker, I have a word
to say.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to raise a point
on the reception of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I tlunkthat it is an outrage.
[Laughter.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. F. WOOD. Mi. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must arrest de-
bate on both sides of the House.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Alley, Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Baiiy, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beamari, Blame, Ja-
cob B. Blair, Blow, i>out\\-eil, Bojd, Br.indegec. BioomaH,
William G. Biown, Ambrose W. Ci.uk, Ftcoman Claike,
Cobb, Cole, Cieswell. Ileniv Winter Davis, Dawes, Dem-
inj , Dixon, Donnelly, Dricgs, Dumont, iicUley, Lliot,
Farnsuorlh, Fenum, Gannon, Gaifield, Gooch, Grinnell,
GumvoUI. Uigby, IJoopei llotehkiss, A&ahoi \V. Hubbard,
John II. llubbard, Ihilbuid, Jo ticket, Julian, Ka^son, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kellojjg, Loan, Longyear, Love-
joy, Maivin, McBiide, McClmg, Melndoe, Samuel F.
Miller, Moorhead. Moinll, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patter>on,
Peiham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William 11. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Rtce, John II- l'tiee, Edwaid H. Rollins, Scbenck,
Scoheld, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Snuthei-*, Kpauldmg,
Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Tiaey, Up^-on, Van Vulken-
burgh, Waul, Elilm B. VVa->hbnine, William B. Wash-
burn, Whale}, Wheeler, Williams. Wilder, Wilson,
Wmdom. Woodbndge. and Yeaman—US.
NAYS—Mes>M->. James (7. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Augu&tu^ C Baldwin, 'Brooks, Chanler,Clay, ;
Cofnoth, Cox, Ciavens, Dawt-on, benni^on. Eden, Edgei- j
ton, Ekindge,' English, Fmck, Giidei, Hauling, Hailing- :
ton, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, Hol-
man, William Johnson, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, La-
zeal, Lo Blond, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell, Mc-
Kinney, William H. Miller, James R. Morris, Morrison,
Nelson, IVobie, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Robinson,
James S. Rolling Ross, Scott, Stebbms John B. Steele,
Stuart, Sweat, Vooihees, Wadsworth, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Wmfield. and Fernando Wood—59,
So the resolution was laid upon the' table.
During the vote—
Mr. A. W. CLARK stated that his colleague,
Mr. Littlejohn, was detained in his room by
sickness.
Mr. Frank, not being within the bar when hig
name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. HOLM AN gave notice that he would here-
after object to all such requests. Either the rul«
must bo repealed or enforced.
Mr. VOORHEES objected.
Mr. MOORHEAD statfed that his colleague,
Mr. Kelley, was detained at home by illness in
his family.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
COURTS IN NORTHERN NEW YORK.
Mr. GANSON introduced a bill to regulate the
sessions of the circuit and district courts for the
northern district of New York,and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, introduced the
following resolution; which was read,considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into the justice and expediency of so
amending the enrollment act as to place all persons en-
rolled under said act in one class, Irom which class all
diafis that arc now ordered, or shall herealt<'i be ordered,
shall be made; and that said committee shall have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
INCJUSA8B OF SOLDIERS* PAY.
Mr. DENNISON submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved,«That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
stiueted to report a bill to increase the pay of all private
soldiers now in the service #f the United States to thirty
dollars pei month, and in all cases where a soldier has a
family to pay one hall'of said sum to his family.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the reso-
lution be amended so as to request the committee
to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
law, i will not object.
Mr. DENNISON. I prefer it as it is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
amendment I have indicated, and demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was adopted; there being, on
a division—ayes 79, noes 49.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
CONDUCT OJf THE WAR.
Mr. FINCK. I offer the following preamble
and resolution:
Wheieas, in the opinion of this Iiouse, the Federal
Government is invested by the Constitution ot the United
States with all necessary power and authoi ity to suppress
any resistance to the due execution of ihe laws thereof,
and to employ the Aimy and Nav\ in aid ot' the civil au-
thority to disperse all ai mud resistance to the rightful power
and jurisdiction of the United State*; and wheieas, in the
judgment of this Ilou&e, the Armv and A'avy cannot be
light!ully used to subjugate and hold n0 conquered terntoiy
any ot the States of this Union : Theiefoie,
Be it resolved, That in this national emergency Congress
will forego all feeling of meie passion or resentment, and
will recollect only its duty to the country; that this war
should not be waged on our part in any spirit of oppression,
nor in anv spirit of conquest or subjugation, nor for the
puipu&e of overthrowing or interfering with the rights or
established institutions of the States, but to defend and
maintain the suptemacy of the Constitution, and preserve
the Union with all the dignitv, equality, and rights of the
seveial States ummpaiied, and as soon as these objects are
attained the war ought to cease.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to debate that reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution then goes
over.
REPORT OF GENERA.L >l'CLELLAN.
Mr. COX. I offer the following resolution,
upon which I demand the previous question;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this* Iiouse the leport made by Major General
George 0. McOJeUan concerning the organization and op-
eiauons of the armv of the Potomac while under his com-
mand, and of all Army operations while lie was com-
mander-in-chief.
