1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2043
" make a caste of another color by amalgamating
the black element with the free white labor of our
land, ond would make the manumission of the
slaves the meiitis of infusing their blood into our
whole system by blending with it amalgamation,
equality, and fraternity," (see Rockville speech,)
while it mia;lit possibly not defeat him and over-
come his well-earned fame, it would certainly
jeopardize more than one loyal State. It is right
to warn the President Lhat the people will not
suffer such vile, false, and malignant libels upon
themselves, upon all the true friends of freedom,
to be uttered and reiterated in the name of the
President by those who claim to be his friends
par exccllcnec, and see such claim repudiated by
110 signal act, withoutexpressing their indignant
rebuke.
It gives me little concern to see my views or
myself severely criticised. But it does give me
uneasiness to see such foul assaults made upon
perhaps the mostimportantmemberofthe Admin-
istration. I cannot help seeing that if anything
can defeat the friends of the Union and give the
ascendency to those with whom the gentleman
has cast his lot, it is the course pursued by him
in stealing the mantle of the President and stab-
bing his friends in his name.
I have said that the roughest criticisms of my
principles can never offend me. But personalities
are always unpleasant. I have made it the rule
of my public life never to begin a personal con-
troversy; but i did not see how I could permit so
wanton, unprovoked, and malignant an attack to
pass unnoticed.
In the midst of these perplexities and personal
bickerings, there is a compensating pleasure in
witnessing the rapid march of correct ideas; in
beholding the dawn of the day of universal lib-
erty. The House has already established the
fundamental principle for which I contended.
Some weeks since it passed without division
the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the present warwluchthisGovernment
is carrying on against firmed insurrectionists and others
banded together under the name of - southern confederacy,'
was brought on by a wicked and wholly unjustifiable rebel-
lion, and those engaged in or aiding and encouraging it are
public oiemies, and shauld be treated as suck
This is the doctrine for which I have been
contending. The "confederate States" being
declared a public enemy, engaged in a public xoar,
all the consequences winch I sought to estab-
lish follow as an inevitable corollary. It gives
me enhanced pleasure that the resolution was
proposed andofieied by the able and gallantgen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs. X have
hved to see the triumph of principles which, al-
though I had full faith in their ultimate success,
I did not expect lo witness. If Providence should
spare me a little longer, until this Government
shall be so reconstructed that the foot of a slave
can never again tread upon the soil of the Re-
public, 1 shall be content to accept any lot which
may await me.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Speaker, I do not clearly
understand what is meant by " reconstruction,"
but I do know that some immediate healing pan-
acea is demanded of those who have sworn to be
the defenders and protectors of the Union, or the
Union " will existonly in theory,oras a matter
of the past, nnd never again 111 fact.
The act of secession of the southern States was
pronounced as treason by jurists and statesmen;
and when the lehelhon first assumed shape and
foim by its aimed hosts in the field to make war
upon the Government of the United States, the
people of the North, with one voice and in gen-
eral accord declared against this most wicked and
monstrous outrage. Men of all parties, of all
sections, from all localities, went forth to maintain
and defend the Union and the Constitution, to pre-
serve and uphold the integrity and entirety of
our Government. No conscription act was ne-
cessary then; no forced diaft was required to raise
an army to beuraioft the flagof the Union against
secessionists and traitors. No bounties and ex-
tra pay and extraordinary inducements were
wanted to obtain volunteers for the Army of the
Republic. But, Mr. Speaker, " tempora mutan-
tur, et nos mutamur in illis." It is scarcely three
short years that the citizens of the North, the
East, and the West, singly, in companies, and in ;
battalions, applied willingly, urgently, and most
patriotically to the authorities to be permitted to I
enter the military service in defense of the old
flag. No extraneous inducement or mercenary
stimulus was needed to arouse the patriotism of
the people to rush to the tented field. Men of all
classes, of all climes, of all creeds, of all conditions,
the citizens by birth and the citizens by adop-
tion, left the peaceful walks and avocations of life
at the first blast of the clarion of war.
How is it now? Why this marvelous change?
What has wrought this apathy and indifference,
this positive aversion in the minds of men to
volunteer? The rebellion still exists. The en-
emy, armed and equipped, is still at our door.
Many towns, forts, and public places arc still in
the hands of the rebels. The authority of the
United States is still defied and ignored. The
strife, which was then confined to a narrow cir-
cle, has assumed the vast proportions of the great-
est war of ancient or modern times. Are the
American people less patriotic in 1864 than they
were in 3861? Have we not the same prize at
stake, and is not the country still in great danger
of dismemberment? Surely there is yet much
danger, and we must not underrate the enemy's
strength nor doubt his prowess. I would ask,
then, why is it that almost every man in the com-
munity fit for military duty is devising " ways
and means" to avoid the draft? Certain it is,
that some great change has come over the spirit
of the dreams of the people. That change, sir, is
founded on the fact that the war has been,and is
now, perverted from its original object. Inde-
pendent of and apart from all the pomp and
circumstance" attending the reenlistment of the
brave and gallant veterans and the volunteering
of men under the liberal operation of national,
State, and local bounties, it cannot be denied that
the eager desire of the citizens to join the Army,
freely and voluntarily, exists no more. The House
of Representatives in 1861, immediately after the
first Bull Run disaster, almost unanimously re-
solved,
'•That this war is not waged in any spirit of oppression,
or for any ptnposo of conques-t or subjugation, or purpose
of ovcrtln owing or interfering with tho rights or established
infttitufaons of tliese States but to defend and maintain the
supiemacy of the Constitution and to preset ve tiie Union,
with ail the dignity, equality, and righto o( the several States
unimpaired, arid that as soon a? tfu'se objects are accom-
plished the war ought to cease."
Tins, Mr. Speaker, was statesmanship. This
was the talisman that aroused our people to re-
newed energies and efforts. The solemn declara-
tion of the popular branch of Congress that the
purpose of the war was solely to defend and main-
tain the supremacy of the Constitution and to pre-
serve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and
rights of the several States unimpaired, made us
a band of brothers in the North, and held out
strong hopes of relief to the suffering Union men
of the South. There was no division of opinion
among the men of the North at that time, what-
ever their previous political predilections may
have been. So many volunteers offered their ser-
vices during the autumn of 1861 that the chair-
man of the Military Committee of the Senate de-
clared that recruiting and volunteering must be
stopped. This rush to arms by the patriotic cit-
izens who left all home comforts, parents, wives,
childien, occupation, everything behind them,
was in pursuance of the sublime declaration 1
have just quoted. Other and further assurances
were given by Mr. Lincoln, by members of his
Cabinet, and by high officials in the confidence of
the President, that the laws and localinstitutions
of the States should remain unimpaired.
Is it necessary to prove that the plighted faith
of the Administration in this matter has been
most wantonly violated and disregarded? It is :
patent to all that the object of the war has been
perveited from its original, lawful, and constitu-
tional purpose to that of the abolition of slavery,
the confiscation of the property of the southern ]
people, gnilty or innocent, the subjugation of the
white citizens of the South, the obliteration of
State lines, and the reduction of the States or
sovereign Commonwealths to territorial lands to
be parceled out and to be held as allodia! estates
by traveling " loyal-leagueis,"strong-minded fe-
males, and the hoide of sycophants and flunkies
of our " wise and beneficent" Administration.
The flagrant violations of the fundamental law of
the land, the substitution of proclamations and
orders in place of constitutional enactments, the
utter disregard of the rights of the Union men I
South, and the wrongs and injuries inflicted on
law-abiding citizens of the North, have produced
their painful results. We have no peace yoil
We have thousands of our best and bravest men
slain, thousands of destitute and sorrowing wid-
ows, thousands of poorand unprotected orphans,
thousands of maimed and invalid men. "We have
sorrow, suffering, and ghastly want in many,
many once happy and prosperous homes; we
have a distracted and devastated country; we have
a diminished and disturbed commerce; we hav«
irredeemable paper promises m place of the law-
ful coin of the United States; we have exorbitant
prices for every article used by the poor man; we
have a national debt of such magnitude, the con-
templation of which must appall the heart of
every man, except courtly officials, shoddy con-
tractors, and swindlers. We have something more
which the good people of this once happy land
will not forget, nor their children's children. 1
mean taxes. It is said that a national debt is a
national blessing. If that be so, no people were
ever blessed as we are, and it must be consoling
that this blessing increases at the rate of $2,000,000
per day. Notwithstanding the frightful condi-
tion of our financial affairs, and the impending
crash in commercial circles, we are cheeringly
informed by thestipendiariesand*'Swiss-guards''
of the Administration that " we are all prosper-
ous; money is plenty, and everybody is doing
well." I will not insult the House of Represent-
atives by discussing this soap-bubble of seeming
prosperity. One thing is certain, our heirs-at-
law will all inherit—-taxes.
Notwithstanding the strength of the rebellion
and the desperation of the leading rebels, we
would have had peace, ay, a lasting and honor-
able peace, with all the States restored and true in
theunion, if the Constitution, theorganiclaw, in
all its sections and articles had been kept invio-
1 late. It was the duty of the Administration to
develop and foster the Union sentiment which
undoubtedly existed in every seeededState. Not
only was it a duty but the very best policy to
convince the true Union men of the South that
we wage no war for conquest nor for subjuga-
tion nor for the emancipation and taking away of
their chattels, known in the South as negroes and
in Abolitiondom as sweet-scented American citi-
zens, but solely and only to enforce the laws made
in pursuance of the Constitution. The acts of
the last and of the present Congress, the procla-
mations and orders of the President, and the gen-
eral policy of the Administration, have, in my
judgment, dispelled all hope of a reunion so long
as this policy is adhered to. It has made rebels
of those who were well disposed toward us be-
fore. What is to be done? What remedy is
there at hand? We cannot exterminate this na-
tion of eight million free white men, nor can we
hold them in peaceable subjection or in a pro-
vincial condition. The history of Ireland, Ve-
netia, Algeria, Hungary, and Poland is the best
evidence of the impossibility of affiliating a hos-
tile people with their conquerors. We cannot
repeat the atrocities,destruction,and devastation
of the Thirty Years' War or thcSeven Years' War
in continental Europe, the fruits of which, after
peacc was obtained through the exhaustion of the
peoples, are described by the historian as u a
country wasted by fire, sword, and plague; a
scene of desolation and disorder; a bad currency;
a deficiency of laborers, and great want, The
art of war was the only thing that gained any-
thing." We want no such trophies.
This Administration ought to retrace its steps
and return to the monumental tree of the Consti-
tution as its landmark. In the first place, Mr.
Lincoln must divest himself of the fallacy that he
is the Government. The Government of the
United Statesisa representative democracy, hav-
ing for its base the Constitution, the lex scripta,
which, as the supreme (aw, governs the threeco-
ordinate branches, to wit, the legislative, the ju-
dicial, and the executive. The Administration
consists of the persons elected by the people un-
der the Constitution and laws to manage and ad-
minister the affairs of the country. Theframers
of the Constitution never intended to make the
Presidentandhis Cabinet " the Government.,} On
thecQntrary,they have clearlydefined the powers
and duties of the officers as administrators of the
laws enacted by the representatives of the peo-
ple. in absolute monarchies, where no written
