1863.
THE1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
my resolution. The Committee of Ways and
Means, the Committee of Claims, and the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have clerks permanently
employed under special resolutions,
Mr. HOLMAN. Then why not name them
in the resolution?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well,
I will modify the resolution so as to name these
committees, and now renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. COX. I would ask the gentleman whether
the Committee on Foreign Affairs has not usually
had a clerk ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
at the request of the gentleman from Ohio, I will
include the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois also to include the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE; of Illinois. That com-
mittee has not heretofore, 1 believe, been allowed
a clerk.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I move to amend.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
pending a demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAIRO NAVY-YAIID.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Whereas the President of the United States, in his an-
nual menage of December 8,1863, has recommended the
establishment of a yard and depot for naval pin poses upon
one of the western rivers: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of locating such
yard and depot for naval purposes at Cairo, Illinois, and to
repoit by bill or otherwise.
PAY OP VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I offer a resolution which
has been made necessary by other action already
taken by the House. I submit the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed, in any hill or bills they may report on the subject,
to place all regularly enlisted soldiers on the same footing
as to pay, without distinction of color.
Mr. COX. I move that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. And on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker, although I pre-
fer the resolution as it now stands, still I am willing
to yield to the request of my friends and modify
it so that it will instruct the committee to inquire
into the expediency of doing what is proposed.
I therefore make that modification of my resolu-
tion.
Mr. COX. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to modify his resolution; no vote having been
taken.
Tiie question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 68, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Augustus (J. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Biown,
William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coffroth, Cor, ('ravers,
Dawson, Dennison, Eden, Edcerton, EldrifJge, Finck,
Gan-on, Grider, Griswold, Hall. Harding, Uairiugton, Ben-
jamin G. Hairis, Cluules M. Harris, Holinan, llutcluns,
William Johnson, Kernan, King. Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Le Blond, Lone, Mailory, Maicv', McDowell, McKinney,
William H. Miller, James 11. Morns, Morrison, Nelson,
Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, William H. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Rogeis, James S. Rollins, lloss, Scott,
Stebbins, John B. Steele, Stufirt, Sweat, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
Whitn, Wmfield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—68.
NAY'S—Messis. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, A-hiey, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beainan, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwcll, Boyd. Brandegoo, Broomall, Ambrose W.
Clark, Cobb, Cole, CicmvcIL Henry Winter Davis,Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Dennng, Dixon, Donnelly, Diiegs, Du-
iuont, Eckley, Eliot, Fainsworth, Fenton, Frank,Garfield,
Gonch, Gi'mneli, Hiehy, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John (I. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenekes, Julian,
Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Longyear,
Lovejoy, Maivin. McBnde, McClurs, Mclndoc, Samuel F.
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel 'Moms, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Patterson, "Per-
ham, Pike, Pom«*roy, Puce, Alexander II. Rice, John H.
Rice, Ldwaid H Kollinx, Sehenck, Scofield, Shannon,
Sloan, Simthers, Spaulding, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas,
Upson, Van Vulkenburgh, Elihu B. Washlmrne, William
B. Washburn, Wbaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—87.
So the resolution was notlaid upon the table.
During the vote—
Mr. ORTH, not being within the bar when his
name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. COX. Is amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not during the call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
CLERK FOR COMMITTEE OF ACCOUNTS.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. The
resolution adopted in reference to clerks for com-
mittees does not provide for a clerk for the Com-
mittee of Accounts, which was authorized to em-
ploy a clerk at the last session of Congress. 1
ask that the omission be supplied, and that that
committee be authorized to employ a clerk, like
other committees which have been indicated.
* Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
that it was by inadvertence that the Committee of
Accounts was not included in the resolution. That
committee has to adjust the accounts of the House,
and needs a clerk perhaps more than any other.
I move that it also be authorized to employ a
clerk.
The motion was agreed to.
UNEMPLOYED GENERALS.
Mr. FARNSWORTII submitted the following
resolution, and demanded the previous question
on its adoption:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War f e requested to in-
form this House the names and number of major generals
and brigadier generals of volunteers and of the regular
Army respectively not on duty, and the length of time which
has elapsed since each of them has been relieved fromduty,
and which of them, and how many, are not now on duty
in consequence of wounds or disability incurred in the sei-
viee.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to the adop-
tion of the resolution if it be so modified as to ask
for theamountof pay and allowances unemployed
generals are receiving1. The resolution goes over,
under the rules, if objection be made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to make that modification.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest another modifica-
tion: that the resolution shall also ask for the
names and number of the staff officers of unem-
ployed geneials, and their pay and*a!lowances.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I accept that modifi-
cation of my resolution.
Mr. COX. By pay and allowances I mean
what is received as pay proper and for forage,
subsistence, &c., &c., by major generals and
brigadier generals who are and have been unem-
ployed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. ARNOLD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the practical workings of the reciprocity
treaty between the United States and Great Britain; and,
if experience has developed defects and inequalities in the
operations and working of said treaty, the committee re-
port whether it is not expedient, for the mutual advantage
of the parties to said treaty, to alter and amend the same in
such manner as to remove ? uch objections, and render the
same lecipiocallv beneficial to both parties thereto.
ADJOURNMENT OVER TIIE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the House
adjourns on Friday next, the 18th of December, it adjourn
to meet on Wednesday, the 6th of January, 1864.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. MALLORY. Oh, no.
Mr. SPAULDING. I withdraw that motion,
and call for the yeas and nays on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MORRILL. The time proposed is too
long.
Mr. MALLORY. It is not too long* in my
opinion, for members, who wish to go home
during the holidays, t$ do so and return. We can
do no business between this and that time. The
committees have .yet to report, and until they do
so we can have no profitable legislation.
Mr. SPAULDING. I object to debate unless
we can be heard on this side.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. SPAULDING- (at ten minutes past three
o'clock, p. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
concurrent resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mallory
and Farnsworth were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, noes 44.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. WILSON demanded the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH (at a quarter past threS
o'clock, p. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Mallory's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 93, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. AU^n, An-
cona, Baiiy, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blame, Jacob D. Blair,
Bliss, Blow, Boutweli, Brooks, Chanler, Ambrose W.Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cox, Craven?, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Dennison, Dixon,Eckhy,Eden,Eldridge,
English, Fenton, Finck, Frank, Ganeon,Grider, Griswold,
Hail, Harding, Harnngton, Benjamin G. flairis, Charles
M. Harris, Ilerrick, Iligby, Ilotchktss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard. Hulbuid, llutcluns, Jenckc?-, Keman. Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marev, Maivin, Mc-
Bnde, Mclndoe, McKinney, William II. Miller, Moor-
head, James R. Morris, Moirison, Amos Myers, Leon.ud
Myeis, Nel>on, Odell, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pen-
dleton, Periiam, Pomeroy, Alexander H. Rice, Robinson,
Rogers, Schcnek, Scotf, Shannon, Sloan, Smithes, Steb-
bins. Stuart, Tliayer, Thomas, Wads-worth, Ward, Elihu
B. Wat-hburne, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Jo-
seph W. White, Wilder, Wmdwm, Wmfield, Fernando
Wood, and Woodbrid«e—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson. Arnold,
Ashley, John I). Baldwin, Baxtei, Beauum, Boyd, Bran-
degee, Btoomall, Cobb, Coflfioth, Cole, Creswell, Ilenry
Winter Davis, Deming. Donnelly, Dtiggs, Dumont, Eliot,
Farn^vvoith. Gaifield, Gooch, Holman, Hooper, John H.
Huhbaid, William Johnston, Julian, Orlando Kellogg. Loan,
Longyear, Lovejoy, MeClurg, Samuel F. Miller," Morrill,
Daniel Morris, Noble, Norton, Orth, Pike, Price, William
II. Randall, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Ross. Seo-
field, Smith, Spaulding, John B. Steele, Ttacy, Up>on,
Van Valkenburgh, William B. Wa&hburn, Williams, and
Wilson—57.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
And then, on motion of Mr. ANCONA, (at
half past three o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.  
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 15, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. William Wright, of New Jersey, ap-
peared m his seat to-day.
ADJOURNMENT OVER TUB HOLIDAYS.
A message from the House of Representatives*
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a resolution*
that when the House adjourns on Friday next, the
18th of December, it adjourn to meet on Wed-
nesday, the 6th of January, 1864, provided the
Senate concur, and asking for the concurrence of
the Senate theiein.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS-.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of Mary
Ann Watson, widow of Alexander Watson, of
the fourth regiment United States artillery, who
was killed by the bursting of acanuonon the 24th
of May, 1843, praying for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
