1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MORRILL. That is precisely the prop-
osition I intended to make.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
do not think the gentleman stated it very clearly.
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps not. I now move
that we take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands, then,
that any gentleman can to-night demand a sepa-
rate vote on all the amendments.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That is
what I desire, arid 1 assure the gentleman from
Vermont that, so far as i am concerned, there
shall be no factious action. The gentleman will
recollect that I voted in favorof this tax bill.
The SPEAXCER. The Chair then understands
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to reserve the
right to claim a separate vote this evening on
every amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The
Speaker understands me correctly.
Mr. FENTON. There is to be a separate vote
on all those he or any other gentleman indicates,
but on ail others the vote is to be taken in gross.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman claims a sep-
arate vote on such amendments as he desires, in-
dicating them as the Clerk reads them.
Mr. MORRILL. I now press my motion for
a recess.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past four o'clock, p. m.) the House took a
recess until half past seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock p. m.
VOTE RECORDED.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. Iasktheunan-
imous consent of the House to record my vote in
favor of concuiring in the six hundred and thir-
tieth amendmentof the Senate to the internal rev-
enue bill.
No objection was made; and Mr. Van Val-
KENBUitGH voted in the affirmative.
MICHIGAN LAND GRANT.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table bill
of the House No. 227, granting lands to the State
of Michigan for the construction of certain wagon
roads for military and postal services, for the pur-
pose of concurring in the amendments of the Sen-
ate. I wilt state that although I should have pre-
ferred the bill as it originally passed the House,
regarding the Senate amendments as notvery im-
portant, and not being willing to run the risk of
losing the bill this session, I, as svell as the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, am willing to concur. I
therefore move to concur.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, and the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsidcr the vote by
which the amendments were concuired in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OVERLAND MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resohed, Th*t thr Po-ttna-ter Gnio.rsil Im directed to
iutui.n tho IJou^' what bid.- wore made !oi currying the
maiN oti tin' ovei land loutc to the Pacific, giving each bid,
and whether any of the bidder* wuie prions belonging to
tliK jne-om 0\< jland Mai! Cuinp.my; it'bo, what was Ins
bid; al-n, what is the amount of die conttact with the
prer-ent contractus.
Mi- BROOKS. I read all that information in
thn newspapers this morning.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. Letuslmvc
it officially.
Mr. STEVENS. I am afraid there are some
tilings th.it we do not know.
The resolution was agreed to.
WASHINGTON MARKET BUILDINGS.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced ilie following lesolntion; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
JlasolvciL That the Committee, for the DNtrict of Co-
lumbia l>e lii-tnieleil to niqulie into the exprdicnoy ofnu-
tlmrlKins some aujnsemrait with the cnrpouite authoiitli'.s
oi Waalniigton city lor the temovalof the unsightly build-
ings used as market-houses, standing between Pennsyl-
vania avenue unci the Washington eanal, and for die au-
nexntion of the ground now occupied by tlicse buildings
to the area m which the buildings of the Smithsonian In-
stitution are placed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The House proceeded, as a special order, to
the consideration of House bill No. 438, to amend
an act entitled "An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the Mis-
souri rjver to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to
the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes," approved July 1?
1862.
Mr. STEVENS. I have one or two amend-
ments which I am directed by the special com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad to offerto this bill.
I move to amend section twelve by adding after
the words " railroad company" the words " now
known as the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
eastern division;" so that it will read:
That the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad
Company, now known as the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, eastern division, shall build the railroad tiom the
month ol' Kansas river by the way of Leavenworth.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move a similar amendment
to the same section at the end of the words " the
Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad
Company."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the thir-
teenth section by inserting "one" instead of
" two;" so that it will read:
At least one of said Government directors shall bo placed
on each of the standing committees of said company, and
at lean one on every special committee that may be ap-
pointed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the thirteenth section the following:
The next election for directors of said railroad shall be
held on the first Wednesday of October, at the ofhee of sa id
company in the city of Is'ew York, between the hours* of
ten o'clock a. m. and four o'clock p. ni of said day; and
all subsequent regular elections shall he held annually there-
after at the tame place; and the directors s>h;ill hoid their
office for one year, and until their successors are qualified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing after the foregoing amendment the following:
The several companies authorized to eonsti not the afore-
said roads arc hereby required to operate and use said loads
and telegraph for all purposes of communication, travel,
and transportation, so far as the public and the Government
are concerned, as onecontinuous line, and in such opera-
tion and use to afford and secure to each other equal ad-
vantages and facilities as to rates, tune, and tiansportation,
without any discrimination of any Jtlnd jjj favor of the
road or business of any or cither of said companies, or ad-
verse to tho load or business of any or either of the others.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend tbatamend-
mcnt by adding the following words:
And that said road <?ball lie a public highway, and shall
tiaissport the propeity and troops of the United tftat.es,
which transpoitation thereof shall be required free of toll
or other chaige.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. That is aheady
in the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. The original charter pro-
vides for the transportation of troops and muni-
tions of war. That transportation was to be
charged and credited on the interest thatthe Gov-
ernment may pay on the bonds. The work was
not to be done free of charge. The companies
were allowed to charge for it, and the charge was
to be credited on the Government bonds.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 remember theonginal prop-
osition substantially as the gentleman fi om Penn-
sylvania now states it. It provides for ihe trans-
poitation of military supplies of the Government
on reasonable terms. The argument against the
incorporation of ?his provision into another bill
to construct a road to the Pacific—a northern
road—was urged that this bill contained no pro-
vision of the kind at all. Lt has been said, and
probably with truth, that no other land-giant road
m the country has been constiucted without a
provision of this kind as a compensation to the
Government thai the troops and property of the
United States shall be transported free of charge.
We began that policy, I believe, as early as
]853-52, in the grant of lands to the State of Il-
linois, and for other roads running from Chicago
and Galena on to Mobile; and so far as i am
aware there has been no deviation from that pol-
icy since. Prior to that there was tho same rule j
as to canals.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman whether
he knows a single instance in which the. troops
and munitions of the Government have been
transported free; whether all these roads have:
not charged and received pay ?, r
Mr. HOLMAN, The question which the ^
gentleman asks is easily answered. In 18&l>.wheft
our difficulties sprang up, and when this subject
began to acquire interest, it came, up before,-the
House. The question was referred to the Jttdi-,
ciary Committee to inquire into the fact whether
these land-grant roads were bound to transport
the troops and property of the Government fr§C:
of charge. The committee reported that'the coiri-;
panies w^re so bound. They reported that the
companies were so liable. It was ascertained
within the last few months that the Illinois G^n-*
tral railroad, built just as this is proposed to be
built, by the Government, by a vast grant of pub-
lic lands, and other roads had been receiving two
thirds of the ordinary cost of transportation that
other roads throughout the country had been re-
ceiving. A certain uniform rate was paid to these
land-grant railroads by the Secretary of War,
The decision was made by the Secretary of War
in the fall of 1861 that they should receive two
thirds of the amount paid to the other roads. This
House in the month of February last adopted a
resolution not only requiring the Secretary ,of
War to cause the amount paid to them to be re-
funded, but to decline hereafter paying them one
cent, because they were liable under tiie terms of
the grant to transport the property and troops of
the Government free of charge. That was to ■ lie
the only benefit received by the whole people for
these grants of public lands. - ,
11 is true, therefore, that there has been an effort
to avoid that provision of these land grants. It
was required that the amount paid, some $700,000,
should be refunded, and that rfo amount should
be paid to any one of these roads. That resolu-
tion was adopted unanimously by this House.
So was the report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, Xhatthese roads were bound to transport the
property and troops of the Government free of
charge.
1 may say then, sir, that it is the settled policy of
this body thatcorpoiations receiving these grants
of land shall make this transportation without
charge to the Government. It is only fair to the
Government. These grants of land belong to -the
whole country, and not to the Territories through
which the roads pass. The only compensation to
the American people is that these roads become
military highways, over which the property and'
tioops of the Government could be transported
free of charge. It is the only benefit you receive,
and it is one the people demand.
Mr. PRUYN. This amendment to the amend-
ment it seems to me is objectionable in the par-
ticular way in which it is put by the gentleman
from Indiana, and it ought to be modified. I hope
that the gentleman will consent to the modifica-
tion that the roads shall carry troops and mu-
nitions of war without charge to the Govern-
ment if the Secretary of the Treasury is satisfied
that their finances will enable them to do so, or
if not, that they shall cairy them at cost.
The sixth section of the original charter of this
company is as follows:
" Sec. 6. And le it further enartcd, That the grants afbre-
&aid arp made upon condition that said company shall pay
said bonds at maturity, and shall keep said railroad and
telegraph line in repair and use, and shall at all times trans-
mit dispatches overpaid telegraph line, and transport mails,
troops, and munitions of war, supplies, and public stores,
upon fraid raihoad for the Government, whenever required
to do s-o by any Department thereof, and that the Govern-
ment shall at all times have the prefereoce m the use of
the same fgr all the purposes aforesaid, (at fair and reason-
able rates of compensation, not to exceed the amounts paid
by private parties for the same kind of service;) and all
compensation for services rendered for the Government
nhali be applied to the pa>m nit of said bonds, and nXereisi
until the whole amount is fully paid. Said company may
also pay the United States, wholly or in part, in the same
or othei bond-;, Tieasury notes, or other evidences of debt
against the United States*, to be allowed at par; and after
said road is completed, until said bonds and interest are
paid, at least five percent, of the net earnings of said road
shall also be annually applied to the payment thereof."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Whatistfce
gentleman reading fiom?
Mr. PltUYN. The charter of 1862. The gen-
tleman fiom Indiana thinks that the road should
be opened to tho use of the Government without
chasge. The Secretary of War puts the con-
struction that there was nothing in the statute to
