2046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
that will lead us through our great troubles, and
at the same time save the Union and preserve to
us the blessings of civil and religious liberty as
we have hitherto enjoyed them. Show me that
path, and I am ready to move at once upon it.
When passion, prejudice, and fanaticism have
run their wild course, and reason resumes her
throne, then and not until then will we be able to
realize to their full extent the blunders that have
been committed in this greatstruggle for national
life.
I am of the opinion that this cruel war would
have been ended and the Union would have been
restored if the abundant mean9 that have been fur-
nished by a patriotic people to the Government
had been honestly and wisely applied, and if the
Administration had rigidly adhered to the policy
avowed in the beginning of the war. But the
means furnished by the people have not been
wisely or honestly used, and the Administration
has entirely changed the policy of the war.
In the beginning of the war the policy was to
put down armed rebellion and restore the Union
under the Constitution, leaving all the States in
the full possession and enjoyment of all their con-
stitutional rights. That this was well understood
to be the object of the war when it was commenced,
there is, I presume, no one to question.
If there should be, I will call the attention of
such to a few facts that have now gone into his-
tory, and that will be considered important by
whoever may in after times desire to examine the
principles for which this great struggle was made
on our part.
Mr. Lincoln in his inaugural address, under all
the solemnities of an oath and after several States
had passed ordinances of secession, and hud or-
ganized a government and had raised a military
force to defend it, said:
"I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the Institution ot slavery 111 States where u exists, I
believe I have no lawful right to do so. f have no inclina-
tion to doso. That the maintenance inviolate of the rights
of the States, and especially the right of each State to order
ami control Us own domestic insimihons according to its
own judgment, exclusively, is e-.-eunal to that balance of
power on which the perfection and endurance of out politi-
cal fabric depend."
In order that other nations might fully under-
stand and compichend the true nature of the
struggle in which we were about to engage, and
to secure the good opinion and sympathy of all
Europe, Mr. Lincoln, through his Secretary of
State, caused to be sent instructions to our for-
eign ministers, in which the following passages
occur.
Underdato of April 30, 1861, Mr. Seward wrote
to Mr. Adams, the American minister to Eng-
land, and in his official instructions to him spoke
ns follows:
"You will Indulge in no expressions of har-hne^ or
disrespect, or even impatience, concerning the seceded
States, their agems or their people; but you will, on ihe
contrary, all the while remember Hut those States ate now,
as they always heretofore have been,and notwithstanding
their temporary self-delusion they must always continue
to be, equal and honored members ol this Federal Union;
and that their citizens, throughout all political misunder-
standings and alienation*, still aieand always must be our
kindred and countrymen."
On the 22d day of Apiil, 1861, Mr. Seward,
writing to Mr. Dayton,our minister at the court
of the Emperor Napoleon, and treating of the
subject of the present rebellion, said:
"1 need not further ciaboiate the proposition that the
revolution is without a cau<e- it has not even a pretext.
It is just as cleai that it is without an object. Moial and
physical causes have determined inflexibly the eharaeter
of each one of the Territoues over which the dit-puie has
arisen, and both prune* afLei the election haimonioiii-Iy
agreed on all the Federal iavvs reijuiiod for then organiza-
tion. The Ten uories will remain in all icspeets the same
whether the revolution shall succeed oi -hall fail. The<on-
ditiou of slavery in the several Suites will remain jusu the
same whether it succeed or fail. There is not even .i pie-
text for the complaint that the disaffected State* are to be
conquered by the United States if the revolution fail ; tor
the rights ot the States and the condition of everv human
beingin them wtli remain subject to exactly the same law*
and forms of administration whether the revolution shall
succeed or fad. In the one case the States would be M-
eraiiy connected with the new confederacy; in tin: other !
they would, nwiow, be members of the United States,; but !
their constitutions and laws, customs, habits and institu- 1
tions in either ease will remain the same. !
" It is hardly necessary to add to this incontestable state-
ment the further fact that the new President, as, well as the
citizens through whose suffrages lie has come into the ad-
ministration, ha* always repudiated ail designs whatever
and whenevoi imputed to him and them of distmbmgthe
system of slavery as it it, existing under the Constitution and
laws. The case, however, would not be fully presented
if 1 were to omit to say that any such effort on his part
would be unconstitutional; and all his actions in that di-
rection would be prevented by the judicial authority even
though they weie assented to by Congress and the people.5'
These official decimations had the effect to quiet
in some degree the public mind at the North, and
prepare it for the contest.
The period for compromise that would have
avoided the war had been permitted to pass, by
the Republican party then in power refusing to
adopt the resolutions known as the Crittenden
compromise. Mr. Davis, then a Senator of the
United States, and now the president of the south-
ern confederacy, said in his place in the Senate
that these resolutions, although they did not em-
brace all the South had a right to demand, yet as
a measure of adjustment would be accepted by
that section. Mr. Douglas in the Senate charged
that if we failed to adopt measures of adjustment,
by which alone war could be avoided, the sole re-
sponsibility of the defeat of those measures would
rest with the Republican party, and he asserted
most emphatically that the Democratic party in
the House and in the Senate were ready and will-
ing to do their part in adjusting those questions
of national trouble which he plainly saw must end
in a rupture between the Noith and the South
without a settlement. The records of the Senate
and the House will show that the Republican
party refused then-consent to those measures,and
war was the consequence. War was foolishly
and wickedly commenced by the rebels firing on
Fort Sumter, in Charleston harbor. The Presi-
dent called for seventy-five thousand men to de-
fend the capital, and for other purposes. The
loyal States furnished them promptly. Congress
was convened in extra session in July, 1861.
During that session, on the 530 th of July, the first
ijieat battle of the war was fought at Bull Run, in
Virginia, a short distance from this city. Our
Army was defeated; routed and demoralized it
returned to Washington on the 2Jst, but little bet-
ter than a mob. To piepare for the great struggle
in which we were fairly embaiked, and to unite
the people, and to leave nothing doubtful or con-
jectuial as to the objects for which the war was
to be prosecutul and when it should cea.se,amidst
the gloom of that sad day on which the fiagmenus
of our Army wanch icd about the stieets of tins
city, Mr. Crittenden, a wise and patriotic states-
man, submitted to the House this resolution,
which was adopted withgreatunammity by both
branches of Congress:
<c Resolved y That the present deploiable civil war lias
been forced upon the country by the di-umoni^H of the
southern J^uite^. now ui aims against the constitutional
Government, and in arms mound the eapital; that in tins
national ernci^'eney C'ongie^, banishing all feelinc ot iihtc
passion or iCM'ntment, will lecollcot only its duty to the
whole country; th.it this war is not waced on then pait m
anv spiiitof oppression, or tor any puipose of conquest or
subjugation or purpose of ovei throwing oriuterfeimg with
the rights or esublt-died institutions of those ftate-*, hutto
defend and maintain the supiemaey of the (Constitution,
ami to preserve the Union, with all the dignity, equality,
and rights ol the several Stales unimpaired; and that as
soon as these objects aie accomplished the war ought to
cease."
This resolution was adopted by a vote of 30 to
5 in the Senate, and by 117 to 2 m the House of
Representatives.
This action of Congress, without respect to
party, had a happy effect in uniting the people.
Nor was the President idio in hisefforis to satisfy
the public mind on the subject, for to the clergy-
men who importuned him to issue a proclamation
of emancipation to all the slaves he replied that a
proclamation of that kind would have about as
much effect as the I\>pe's bull against the comet.
He revoked the pi oclamations of generals and
removed them from their respective commands
because they had attempted to liberate slaves in
contravention of his avowed war policy.
This fair undeistanding between the Admtnis-
trationand the people left no alternative but to be
for or against the Union, and to be for the Union
U was essential to break the force of armed rebel-
lion. The appeal was made to every fiiend of
the old Government by all the chciished memo-
ries of the past and the bright hopes of the future,
AH patty distinction was to be ignoied, and he
was branded as wanting in patnotism who was
unwilling to lay aside ins party prejudices and
join m the great cause of restoring the Union.
No people ever loved their Government as ours
did,and no peopleeverhad thesamccausetolove
a Government. It was therefore easy to unite
them in its defense. No sacrifice at that time was
considered too great to be made for the cause of
the Union. The father gave his first-born, and
the widow her only son. So sweeping in my
district was the enthusiasm that one old man who
had five sons gave them all and then went himself.
The records of the War Office tell the sad fate of
that family. A poor widow of my town gave two
boys, her only children; both fell for the cause of
the Union and the Constitution, These instances
are buttoo common,and are only named because
they illustrate the patriotism and devotion of the
whole people.
Under this policy the Administration asked Con-
gress for an appropriation of $400,000,000 and to
authorize the raising of four hundred thousand
men. Such was the confidence reposed in the
fidelity of the Administration at that time that the
people's representatives with unanimity appro-
priated $500,000,000 and authorized the raising
of five hundred thousand men, exceeding by one
hundred thousand in each case the lequest of the
Administration. It was then no trouble to raise
men without bounty by volunteering. General
McClellan was called from a successful campaign
in Western Virginia to the command of thewhole
Army. He soon brought order out of confusion,
and organized the finest Army in the world. He
submitted his plans of military campaign to the
President, and th«y were considered wise and con-
seivative. He commenced to operate on those
plans, and every wheie the Union cause was tri-
umphant. The people rejoiced in the bright pros-
pect of a speedy peace under a restored Union.
The cause of the rebellion seemed to be hopeless.
There was manifest division in their counsels.
Davis was openly denounced throughout the
southern confederacy, and the deep-toned mutter-
mgs of an outraged people manifested all the out-
ward signs of a counter-revolution against the lebel
leaders. Theie was a wail that came up from the
camp of the iu&urgent soldiery that stamped the
rebel banner with all the signs of complete fail-
ure. All that seemed to be wanting on our part
was to break the military force of the rebellion
and lift its pressure from the people, to throw the
piotecting arms of the Government around the
Union men wherever they could be found, no
matter bow small their number, and place in their
hands the evidence to show to their friends who
had been deluded that the Government was not
aiming to make war on any right secured to them
by the Constitution, and at the same time nhow
to them that there was force enough in the Union
to save the national life, and magnanimity to de-
fend the constitutional rights of each section. If
this had been our policy,and it had been adhered
to, I have not the least doubt in my mind but that
to-day the Union would have been restored. No
one questions the fact that in the beginning of the
war there was a large Union sentiment in all the
seceded States. Mr. Lincoln, in his first message
to the Thirty-Seventh Congiess, said:
"H inav well be questioned whether there Is to-day a
matonty of the legally qualified voters of any tftatc. except
perhaps South Carolina, in favor of disunion. There is
much icasoii to believe that the Union men ate the major-
ity in many if not in every one ot the seceded States."
I firmly believe that the President did not over-
estimate the Union sentiment at that time, if it
is less to-day, there is a cause for it; and i will
endeavor to show that cause before I close my
remarks. It is a well-known fact that many of
the ablest statesmen of the South were opposed
to leaving the Union,and defended it tin til thelast
moment and until they were completely over-
whelmed by the tide. Among the numbei I will
call your attention to the speech of one that 1 have
held in the highest admiration. I have read the
speech of Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, made in reply
to Mr. Toombs, of that State, with the most pro-
found interest. His vindication of the Government
of the United States, and his exposition of the
folly and cnme of attempting to leave theUmon,
have not been equaled by any statesman Noi th or
South, and will adorn the brightest and beet page
in ins history. I would commend the whole speech
to every American. 1 can only give a very short
extract on this occasion. Mr. A. H, Stephens,
of Georgia, the vice president of the eonfedoiate
Slates, in a speech delivered before the Legisla-
! ture of Georgia on the 14th day of November,
