THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
compel these,companies to furnish men and roll-
ing stock to work these roads free of charge.
Mr. WA8H8URNE, of Illinois. Who was
the Secretary, of War?
Mr. HOLMAN. Secretary Cameron. He
was vice president of the Northern Central rail-
road, receiving a salary of $4,000 from that com-
pany and $8,000 from the Government.
Mr. PRUYN. It does not make a particle of
difference who made the decision; the decision
was made. The Department decided that the act
incorporating the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany did not require them to furnish roiling stock
and men to the Government, but only to give to
the Government the right to use the road for that
purpose, and that thoy were entitled to indem-
nity for their rolling stock and men.
Now, with reference to the report to which the
gentleman has alluded, it was introduced into this
House without a single member of this House
knowinganything about it. It was notdiscussed;
its contents were not stated; the company were
not heard; and to the utter surprise of everybody
that resolution passed without any officer of the
company knowing anything about it.
Mr. HOLM AN. The Secretary of War was
called upon by a resolution to state the amount of
money paid to the Illinois Central and other rail-
road companies which had received land grants.
That was a public proceeding. He made a re-
port showing the amount which had been so paid.
The report, after being read at the Clerk's desk,
was referred to the Committee of Claims, and they
reported back the resolution to which I have re-
ferred, requiring these companies to refund the
money, and directing the Secretary of War not
to pay anything to these roads in the future.
So the gentleman from New York can scarcely
say that so many transactions could have oc-
curred here in such a public manner without at-
tracting public attention, especially as that report
embodied the lesolution of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, reported to this House two years ago,
and adopted by this body by a unanimous vote,
declaring the principle that these companies were
obliged to transport these troops free of charge.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 do not care what Secretary
of War made the decision. The payment was
continued down to a recentperiod,and, for aught
I know, it is being made still. 1 have no interest
in that road, and have nothing to do with it; and
1 heard of this by accident.
With regard to the reportof the Committee of
Claims, all I can say is this, that, while that com-
mittee have considered every five hundred dollar
case which came before it, it so happened that
this subject was brought up, and at the first meet-
ing, at which I was not present, was passed upon
withoutdiscussion,the members presentknowing
the gentleman from Indiana was well acquaainted
with the matter, and relying upon the gentleman's
judgment, which they supposed to be perfectly
well informed. I have no hesitation in saying
that some of them subsequently expressed great
regret that the report was made under the circum-
stances in which it was made.
I hope that the gentleman from Indiana will
consent that the bill may be modified in one of
the ways I have mentioned,either requiring that
the road shall carry the property of the Govern-
ment without pay, provided the Secretary of the
Treasury is of opinion that their finances will
justify it, or be required to carry such property
at cost.
Mr.STEVENS. I would suggest whether in
ordinary legislation it is competent to alter the
original charter. The original charter under which
those who subscuibed to this road acted gave the
preference in the transaction of the business over
this road to the Government at a reasonable rate,
not exceeding that charged by other routes and
individuals. Butalthough theGovernmentgranted
a subsidy of so many bonds a mile, the bill went
upon the supposition that that was to be paid
back by the company out of the part earnings of
the company in doing the business of the Gov-
ernment.
I submit whether it would be fair to alter the
fundamental condition upon which this road was
established, so as to take away ail the profits of
the road ftom the Government business. After
this road is built, I have no doubt the receipts
from the business of the Government will be very
large between its eastern and western empire. It
will go very far, I have no doubt, toward paying
the interest upon the Government bonds. 1 am
sure it is not the intention of the gentleman from
Indiana, or of any other gentleman in this House,
to embarrass this road so as to prevent its con-
struction. I hope every facility will be given by
the Government for the building of this road, and
least of all, that it will not violate the original law
or charter under which this company was organ-
ized. I hope, therefore, the amendment will not
be adopted. While we should not violate the
charter, 1 do not say we may not amend it, be-
cause in the original charter Congress reserved
the right to alter and amend, doing justice to the
parties. We reserved the right to repeal the ori-
ginal charter, and 1 suppose that Congress can re-
peal it if Congress thinks that it is a work of such
little benefit to the country. I hope that the bill,
if it passes, will pass without the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana. If, when the bill
shall have been maturely considered—and I do not
ask that it shall not be maturely considered—the
House thinks it ought not to pass, thatis another
thing; but if it is to pass, let it pass in such a way
as to be effective.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not wish to be under-
stood as throwing the slightest obstacle in the
way of the passage of this bill. On the contrary,
it has struck me from the beginning that every
reasonable facilityoughtto be offered by the Gov-
ernment for the construction of this road; but
after all it must be admitted that the benefits of
these grants, to a large extent, must inure to cer-
tain companies.
Mr. SHANNON. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether he thinks that the construc-
tion of a railroad, however it may inure to the
benefit of the builders in the end, will not ma-
terially aid and inure to the benefit of the whole
country? Now, I undertake to say, if the gen-
tleman will permit me, that no company will un-
dertake to build this road with such a provision
as this amendment in it, and I undertake to say
also, and the history of the past will bear me out,
that the parties who build the road will be losers
in the end,
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not so much confi-
dence in the capitalists of this country at this
time in connection with railroad operations as to
believe that they are going to make any such
venture. I know that m the infancy of the rail-
road enterprises of the country there were im-
mense investments madcupon mere speculation,
upon mere calculations,which wereneverrealized,
by which heavy losses were sustained. But the
hour for that, resulting from theexpcrience of the
country, has passed, and men now make their in-
vestments with a view to the advantage that they
themselves are to derive.
Mr. SHANNON. The gentleman must take
into consideration that this railroad is a pioneer
operation in advance of the settlement of the coun-
try. It is intended to connect two continents to-
gether, passing through a strip of country of over
one thousand miles that will not be settled up
for a great many years, and the road cannot be
a paying enterprise; and if you undertake t->
cripple it by such a provision as this, lam afraid
the road will not be built.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not the slightest ap-
prehension in this matter. I would not on any
account, considering the condition ofthe country,
throw any embarrassments in its way. I have seen
the calculations of capitalists and of the men en-
gaged in this enterprise. I know exactly what
they are lelying on, whether their calculations are
correct or not, and lknow that their data are sat-
isfactory to themselves. If this great thoroughfare
be constructed by the aid of the Government and
by the bonds of the Government, with the enor-
mous grant of lands by the Government and the
great encouragement and favor of the Govern-
ment, the capitalists of New York and the other
great cities on the Atlantic seaboard very prop-
erly anticipate an enormous benefit. It must
throw the trade of the Indies right across this
continent; it must command a trade unexampled
in the history of mankind. It is with a view to
this that this great work is entered on by capital-
ists. We look upon this woik as a mere na-
tional thoroughfare, a mode of uniting the Pacific
States with the Atlantic States. We contemplate
it as a measure of union, to bridge over, if pos-
sible, that vast chasm that lies between the north-
western States and the States of the Pacific; am!
I never saw an argument in favor of this meas-
uie except the argument in favor of union and
the necessity of cieatmg fraternal relations be-
tween the States east of the Rocky mountains,
lying contiguous to and drained by the branches
of the Mississippi river, and the far-off golden
regions. We look upon it as a mere Union ques-
tion, uniting the two sections of the country to-
gether. Capitalists contemplate it in an entirely
different light. With them ltopens upthe indies,
and Asia, with her wealth, to the traffic and com-
merce not only of the Pacific coast but of the At-
lantic coast. I ncorporated companies are to con-
struct this road,and the question is, whether the
sacrifices which the people themselves are to
make, not simply thcgiantof lands but of money,
are to have any possible compensation from the
character of the services which these companies
are to render. The companies themselves—look-
ing at the subjectas a mere enterprise, a question
of dollars and cents—can never compensate us
at all for our outlay except in the mode which X
have indicated in my amendment—that is, trans-
porting the property and troops of the Govern-
ment free of charge. We have no other benefit
from the road at all. We talk of it as a military
road.
Mr. SHANNON. The gentleman is certainly-
aware of the fact that for every dollar the nation
invests in the construction of this railroad it will
receive a hundred in leturn. The advantages ac-
cruing from the construction of this road will be
equivalent, in a few years, to a thousand dollars
to one.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 know exactly how it will
operate so far as my own State is concerned. I
represent an inland State, through which this
road will pass. I can conceive how the great
cities of New Yoik, Philadelphia, and Boston
may be built up by it and receive enormous ben-
efits. But it will be in my State a mere thor-
oughfare, for the costof building which my con-
stituents are to bear the burdens of taxation; and
I am yet to perceive in what manner my people
are to be compensated for this outlay of money.
I do not see how it is to be done. I can see how
the commerce of the Pacific may be brought across
this continent. I can conceive how the wealth of
the Indies may be made to flow into the cities of
New York and Boston. But I cannot concei\C
how my own State, which is to be a mere case-
ment for the thoroughfdie of the great citics of
the country, is to be benefited by the tax which
it mustcontribute toward paying this ^95,000,000.
Mr.PRUYN. The whole country will be ben-
efited by it.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from New York
says, very justly, that the whole country will be
benefited by tins road. Every part of this na-
tion reciprocates in some sense and feels the pros-
perity of every other part. But it is very remote.
Agriculture receives but very little impulse from
the benefits which this road may confer on the
great cities of the Atlantic coast.
I hold m my hand a report, made to the Sen-
ate on the litH day of last month, showing the
amount of expenditure that the Government will
be called upon to make in connection with the
bill then pending before that body, and which was
substantially the same as the present bill.
Mr. STEVENS. "Oh, no.
Mr. HOLMAN. This report shows that the
amount to be expended in this work by the Gov-
ernment between 1864 and 1876 is §95,088,000.
That is independent of the grant of lauds—the
most stupendous grant ever made in the history
of mankind. You lose sight of that in the con-
templation of the appropriation of over ninety-
five million dollars of the public treasure between
1864 and 1876. And for the benefit of whom?
For the benefit of these corporations. Whatever
view we may have in contemplation of uniting
the Pacific States with the Atlantic States, the
companies themselves look upon the investment
as a mere question of dollars and cents. They
are actuated by no other motive. They make no
other calculation. We see here every day figur-
ing m this business a gentleman from New Yoi k;
and if the gentleman from California will take his
estimates he will find that the value of this work
as a Union enterprise is never taken into consid-
eration at all. The patriotism of this thing does
not weigh a feather in the estimation of the« ;
