1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
expression of its opinion, would be impotent and
powerless. Rights conferred by that promulga-
tion would remain unimpaired, unabridged, invio-
late* If to revoke it the President himselfshould
tear up the parchment on which it is written, it
would be ail in vain. Its words are graven in
thunder-tones across the broadest page of our na-
tion's history; the sound thereof has gone forth
throughout all the eaith; every tribe and people
and kingdom under the whole heavens have heard
the tidings thereof. Efface it? duenchit? Recall
it? Never! never! never! It cannot be done so
longas the sun and the moon endure. It hath passed
beyond the reach and the ken of mortal man.
Henceforth it is with the Infinite ! No being this
side the eternal Throne can now annul it and re-
enslave those millions. By the honest wisdom
of Abraham Lincoln and the providence of God
they are free, and to become free, and they are to
remain free; and others their fellows in bondage,
inhabitingterritory excepted by the proclamation,
ere long are all to join them, and they and their
descendants thereafter are to live in their own
homes the life of the free.
If this war has taught the world what we .are,
has it not taught us what we may be and what
we must be? In the brief period of three years,
a million and eight hundred thousand men have
left the employments of peace and entered the
fields of war. They have fought two thousand
battles. The casualties of disease and of conflicts
and of prisons have taken away two hundred and
ten thousand of their number. During the same
period, four hundred and eighty-seven thousand
serviceable young men have come of military age.
And all the while the pursuits of agriculture, of
manufacture, and of commerce, thrive and flourish
as aforetime.
Sucii items make us know there is a future for
our country; make us feel, though this war con-
tinue a month, a season, a year, or a decade of
years,
" The giave's nor dug where tiaitor ' hands shall lay
In fctuful haste its mmdered corae away."
Our country has long been a refuge and a home
for hundreds of thousands annually flying from the
burdens and oppressions of the Old to the hopes
and the homesteads of the New Woild. Rebel
sympathizers here and elsewhere may croak about
the continuance of the war and the debt it will
entail, but the one will end, the other will be pro-
vided for. With coal and mineral deposits in
extent and richness surprising all computation;
with States and Teriitories as yet only known
and mapped by degrees of longitude and parallels
of latitude, where farms without stintand without
number may be had for the asking, will not im-
migration soon obliterate the wastes of war? Even
while the frightful clash of arms is resounding in
our midst, it is wonderful to behold the fore-
shadows of the mighty exodus projected west-
ward, limited and circumscribed already by the
insufficiency of the merchant marine of the two
most commercial nations in the woild to supply
transportation across the Atlantic.
The one blighting incubus forever gone, how
beauteous and how gladsome will be the bloom
and the fragrance of the olive, ngain in blossom
throughout all our boidcis? What or who can
then arrest the rapid aocomplishmentofan august
destiny? And, sir, the grim shadow that has
darkened ail our land and " eclipsed the gayety of
nations" is passing off and away; and when " not a
rack" is left, when once more full-orbed halcyon
sunlight, clear and effulgent, irradiates every sec-
tionand segment of our nation's disk, from lake-
line on the noith to Gulf-line on the south, from
our fair orient coast to that sunset shore where
God has made all the hills of gold, then be sure,
at once, at home, abroad, everywhere—
'•The dweller* in the vale; and on the rooks
Shout to each other; and the mountain tops
From distant mountains catch the flying joy,
Till, nation alternation taught the £ train.
Earth tolls the laptuiouf ho-anna round" —
Peace, Union, Freedom, forever!
CONDUCT 0V THE WAR.
Mr. DUMONT. Mr. Chairman, I desire to par-
ticipate a little in this discussion; and as I would
be listened to, and, when it is delivered, have my
speech read by my constituents at least, I willavail
myself of a lesson taught and a moral inculcated
in the prefatory introduction to Gil Bias:
"Gentle reader, before thou hearesf (hp history of my
life, give me leave to entertain thee with a short story.
"Two scholars, in their way front Pennafiel to Sala-
manca, being thirsty and fatigued, sat down by a spring
they met with on the road. There, while they lested them-
selves, after having quenched then thirst, they perceived
by accident, upon a «,tone that wa^ even with the suifaee :
of the earth, some lettets, aheady halt effaced by time and
the feet of flocks that caiue to the water at the fountain,
[laving washed it, they read these words m the Ca&tilian
tongue: iJlqui est < i enccrranda el alma del licencia Pedro
Garcias'—'Here lies interred the sou! of the licentiate
Peter Gaicias.' The younger of the two students, being
a pert coxcomb, no sooner lead this inscription than he
cued, with a loud laugh: 'A good joke, i' faith! here is
mteired the soul—a soul interred! Who the devil could
be the authoi of such a wise epitaph So saying, he got
up and went away; while his companion, who was blessed'
with a gieatershaie of penetration, said to himself: 'Thofe
is certainly some mystery in this afl'air. I'll stay in order
to umiddle it.' Aceoidmgly, his commde was no sooner
out of sight than he began to dig with iiis krule all around
the stone, and succeeded so well that he got it up, and
found beneath Ita leathern purs-e, containing a bundled
ducats, and a card, on which was wntten the following
sentence, in Latin: 'Whosoever thou art who hast wit
enough to discover the meaning of this inscription, inherit
my money, and make a better u*-e ot it than I have done.'
The scholar, rejoicing at his good fot tune, placed the stone
in itsfoiiuer situation, and walked home to Salamanca
with the soul of the licentiate.
" Of what complexion soever thou Aayest be, friendly
reader, thou wilt certainly ie*cmble oneof those two schoi-
ais j tor if thou perusest my adventures without perceiving
the moral instructions they contain, thou wiltieap no hai-
vest fiom thy labor; but if thou readest with attention, thou
wilt rind tn them,according to thepreceptof Iloiace,pioht
mingled with pleasure."
I would not be vain, and know that the wisdom
of man is foolishness with God; but who can pre-
dict in advance, speaking after the manner of in en,
that I am but a picsumptuous diiveler, that what
I may say will be mere twaddle,and unworthy of
consideration? It is difficult, I know, in the dis-
cussion of the themes and topicsof the day to pur-
sue an unbeaten path, but the plumes that I wear,
though not brilliant, shall not be borrowed, and
the steed upon which 1 ride shall be my own; but
it must be borne in mind that 1 come after others
in this discussion, and whore two ride the same
horse one must ride behind.
It may as well be blurted out, with as little af-
fectation of modesty as may be, that I claim to be
a man of brains, and have found m my travels
through the world a prevailing scarcity of that
commodity in all disbelievers.
I oppose the war, says one, because the pur-
poses for which it was begun have been aban-
doned, and it is now an abolition war. It is said
that all things aie possible with God, and it may
be that some one of the many who claim to be
absolved from their allegiance to their Govern-
ment because the Government has departed—that
is the chaige—from the purposes with which it
set out, is sincere, and but yielding to the dictates
of conscience.
But we are told that the heart of man is deceit-
ful above all things,and desperately wicked; and
I will venture the assertion that the pretense is
hypocritical on the part of ninety-rune out of
every hundred of the rebel sympathizers. Trace
them up and run them back, and as sure as God
lives it will be discovered that if at any tinfe they
have seemed to be yielding a hearty suppoit to
the war it was a deception, and that the bundle
hide of the wolf that is now worn without a blush
might at jjjiy time have been discovered, if the
robe of hypocrisy had been torn away. At what
time, let me ask, did any of the leaders of the Op-
position in this House, who now declare that they
have been deceived, and made to believe that this
war was waged simply to put down the lebellion,
when in truth and in fact it is carried on to free
the negro, place him on an equality with the white
man, wreak vengeance, glut revenge, punish an-
cient giudges, and subveit the Constitution—at
what time, I say, did they—I mean such as prate
thus—yield a generous and earnest support to
those trying to put down the rebellion'1 Will
they point to the fact that they voted for or now
support the Crittenden resolutions? Oh, yes, they
voted for or support the Crittenden resolutions,
and what does that prove? The member from
New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] is occasion-
ally, when it suits his purpose, an advocate of
those propositions; and I have heard it said that
at a public meeting in the city of New Yoik, soon
after the fall of Sumter, he declared that the flag
of the Union had been insulted, the Constitution
set at naught, and that he would stand by the
Government, and with ail his might and all his
power aid to put down the rebellion; and yet how
long after this was it that he attempted to seduce
his own city out of the Union under the delusive
advantages that would result to a free city; and
when was it, let me ask, when was it that he in-
formed Toombs of Georgia, who complained of
the seizure of arms for that State in the city of
New York, that if he (Wood) had the power he
would summarily punish the authors of the ille-
gal and unjustifiable act? The delectable coire-
spondence will best answer the question. Here
it is:
milledoevillf, January 24,1861.
To His Honor Mayor Wood :
Is. it true that any aims intended for and consigned to the
State of Geoigia have been seized hy public authorities in
New Yoik? Your answer is impoitant to us and to New
York. Answer at once. TOOMBS.
To this the mayor returned the following an-
swer:
lion. Robert Toombs, Milledgcville, Georgia:
In reply to your dispatch, I rcgiet to say that arm** In-
tended loi and conMguedto the State of Georgia have been
seized by the police of tins. State, but that the city of New
Yoikshould in no way be made rorponsiblofortheontiage.
A<? mayor I have no auihoiiiy over the police. If I had
the power I should summarily punish the authors ot this
illegal and unjustifiable seizure of piivate piopeiij.
FERNANDO WOOD.
Jesse D.Brightand the authorof this response,
par nobile frcctrum, lovely in their lives, in death
they shall not he divided. The former wrote alet-
tertoo. That letter wanted to putfirearms intothe
hands of rebels to assassinate their country, and
so does this. In that respect they are alike. He
has paid the penalty for ins want of patriotism.
Those who follow his example may not share the
same fate; but they will share a fate equally ter-
nblein the indignant condemnation of th^ people
and in the faithful records of history.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]ought to
lay this Toombs letter and answer away as a
trophy and a souvenir, as he did the sermon of the
"plain unquestioned African."
And as late as the 26th of January, 1864, he
[Mr. Wood] spoke in this House as follows:
" This war mint cease, 1 caie not how or fiom what cause,
whetherby exhaustion on either side, by southern submis-
sion or success, hy mediation, oi by noi thorn magnanimity,
or by northern sense of self-preservation. The war must
cea^e. Theie must be an end ot itsoouer or later from one
cause or fiom anotlieu 1 think all will concede tins. Ad-
mitting, therefore, this conclusion,the noxtinquirv is how,
and when? These aie the proper qne-tions foi this Con-
gress to determine. When shall tins ivar ccasc?"
Weil did the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Hue-
bard] ask and say:
" What arc we to understand by this? Is thegentleman
totally indifferent to the result o( this suuggier Doe« ht 
not caie howitends, whether in&uccessoj defeat? Is there
a man in ail the Koithso destitute of Interest in the nation's
welfare ? I have quoted the gentleman's language contained
in his printed speech, and will leave itfor hi5? explanation
and the judgment of the country. Certainly this gentleman
is a fit companion fur Vallandigham, and the two me fitand
estimable advocates ot peace while such sentiments are
tlnown bioadeast over the countiy."
And his colleague [Mr, Grjnnej.l} spurned the
vilo thing in this wise:
''And this is the plump sentence and sentiment of a roem-
bei of the Thiity Eighth Congies-s on a war which culled
fot the haeuficL- of hecatombs of men in that struggle where
' le^i-stance to tyrants vs obedience to God.' Iniliffoent
whether peace is gained bj rebel submission or success;
whether the country is divided, and slavery made the cor-
nel-'•tone of an empuc ; u belli or tiaitor.- dial I pay for their
own music in this dance of demons, or loyally shall pay for
all; whether hiitorj shall adjudge the Government imbe-
cile and our Army ciaveus? and eowaids, or oui vetuans
return with vietoiions banner, having doomed slaviy, and
founded a nation so firm, &o mighty and fiee that Heaven
shall look down to sec!''
He for the Crittenden resolutions; and yet has
denounced the principles of coercion from the be-
ginning, (with now and then a repentant moment,
when to seem patriotic would the better subserve
his purpose,) and maintained the right of a State
to go out of the Union at pleasure, and denied
any power in the Constitution to biing her back.
And knowing, as every rational man must know,
that to sap the credit of a Government m time
( of war is to break it down, and to place it at the
i feet of the foe, and to sompelitto submit to igno-
' minious terms, that candid, patriotic, and truth-
iovmg gentleman stated on this floor but a few
days since, as I understood him, that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had put a thousand millions of
Tieasury notes in citculation. I simply mquiie for
information: was that giving aid andcomfort to the
enemy? And is treasonable to presume that the
gentleman intends what must follow if the pub-
lic gives credit to such reckless declarations ? In
the punishment of crime it is a legal inference that
a party intends the natural consequence of his
act. It is presumable that he who uses a deadly
