1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
people. It is not the question of connecting the
Atlantic coast with the Pacific coast, but it is a
question of dollars and cents, it is a question of
capita] and tevenue.
This work is necessary. Wc consider it to be
necessary. We want to unite ourselves by this
great thoroughfate. But we are asked to confer
everything upon this company and to receive
nothing at theirhands. We know the avaricious-
ness of the other companies to which these grants
have been made. We know the rapacity of the
Illinois Central railroad that was willing to take
out of the Treasury half a million dollars at a
time like this—a road, every inch of which was
built by your capital, and the stock of which is
in the possession of foreign capitalists. That
grant ought to teach us a lesson in reference to the
grants of lands made to these corporations, to see
that some benefit accrues to the Government.
Yes, sir, European capitalists hold the Illinois
Central lailroad, every inch of which was built
by the public land which we granted, and yet they
were not willing m a time of war to transport a
pound of freight or a soldier without compensa-
tion. They did that when every dollar of their
profit, every dollar of their original capital, was
derived from the munificent grant of land made to
thorn fifteen yent s ago.
1 trust the House will not consent to make
these cnoimous grants in addition to those al-
ready made, without requiring that the property
and the troops of the United States shall be trans-
ported in time of war free of charge. It is all
that we get for the immense outlay that we are
making.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Mr. Speaker, it
is with regret that 1 have to occupy for a moment
the attention of the House in regard to this im-
portant measure. The bill under consideration
is a mere amendment to the law passed by the
last Congress; and the proposition of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Air. IIolman] will introduce
an entirely new feature; it will substantially and
radically change the fundamental law of last Con-
gress. Everybody understands that the whole
system of legislation with regard to this great
national work has beenupon the supposition that
it was a great national necessity, that the entire
country was inteicsted in it, and that Congress
was justified in making large appropriations of
land and money for the purpose of carrying it
forward.
"The last Congress made appiopriations of
money, and m oider to encourage the men who
•should undertake to build this road with the hope
that they may some day repay that money, or at
least repay the interest, they provided that the
freight for carrying the property of the Govern-
ment over this road should be applied to the pay-
ment of the money which the Government ad-
vanced. It seems to me that, in considering a
measure which seeks to amend some of the pro-
visions of the act to enable this company to build
this great public work, for us to change the entire
principle on which the law was adopted isacom-
plete stepping aside of the legitimate objects of
legislation at this time. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana should be adopted, these
companies, instead of being benefited by the legis-
lation which we proposetoextend to them, would
be a hundred tunes woise off under this bill than
underthe law as itnow stands# And I cannot un-
derstand how so clcar-headed a gentleman as my
friend from Indiana can expect thatanybody will
give him the credit of being a friend to this bill
when he comes here and pioposcs that which is
utter death to it.
Why was it that the Thirty-Seventh Congress
was. willing to give such an amount of money
and land for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of this road? Because it was consid-
ered a great public necessity. It was considered
that all they could give, provided the road was
built, would be repaid in a thousand ways to this
great country. It) the amendments proposed by
the committee we have not granted one single
further dollar of Government aid, we have not at-
tempted to make the Government responsible for
one single dollar more, but wc havo tried to give
such further assistance in an indirect way as
would enable the entei pri&ing men who have un-
dertaken this woik to go on with it.
And here allow me to disagree with my dis-
tinguished friend from Indiana m the idea that
the men who are engaged in this great public en-
terprise are engaged only with the hope of mak-
ing money. I could name to him many patriotic
men who have come forward with their ten and
twenty thousand dollars to put into this road for
the purpose of encouiaging the enterprise—and I
need not to go out of this House to find some
of those examples—withoutany hope or expecta-
tion of ever being pecuniarily benefited by the ad-
vance thus made.
Now it was because this was a great public
woik that the last Congress thought it wise to
give this aid. They thought that this company,
if it was organized, would be able to pay back
this money. And I apprehend that the moment
this road is in operation the business of the Gov-
ernment may, and probably would, in time of war
particularly, absorb so much of the entire woik-
ing stock of the road that they cannot go on and
pay their expenses except by receiving some
compensation for it. And it was thought that
if the transportation which the Government re-
ceived was credited upon advances, it would be
equitable and fair. The question was ably and
thoroughly discussed in this Hall when the ori-
ginal bill was under consideration; andthatCon-
gress in its wisdom thought proper to enact this
law, and I do not thii.-lut is fair and legitimate
now to go back to the original law and attempt
to change its entire scope and meaning,and theic-
by defeat its object, after men have invested their
money, relying upon its provisions. Better far
that this bill should be defeated; better far no le-
gislation whatever in regard to this great public
work by this Congiess.
1 hope, therefore, that after weeks of anxious
labor by the committee, after weeks of careful de-
liberation and study, with a view only, if possible,
of helping forward this gieat public work, tine
gieat national necessity, that we shall be allowed
to con&idcr their simple amendments without go-
ing buck and attempting to root up the law which
is the foundation of this enterprise.
Mr. A. MYERS. It is very refreshing, Mr.
Speaker, for us to have the privilege occasionally
m this House of listening to those who scarcely
ever occupy its time. I do not intimate that I am
about to lefresh this House in any sense at all,
but I was very favorably struck with the fact that
the honorable gentleman from Indiana had once
moie risen to give his views upon an important
question. We who aie in the habit of keeping
our seats here nearly all the time know that the
honorable gentleman rarely has the privilege of
being heard, i presume, sir, it arises ftom his
innate modesty, a bashful merit which usually
seeks retirement.
I am inclined to think that some of us must be
looking for a renommation, or we would not be
offering all things at all times, but never at the
right time. I am forcibly reminded of that old
amusing allusion to a certain fact which I read
when a boy, in a work not cxactly proper for a
Sunday school, although it was written by a
clergyman of the Established church. I allude to
a little incident which occunedinthe very earliest
life, I think, of Tristam Shandy. He tells us he
has it by information historical, traditional, or in
some other way, that at a certain time the old
clock which stood in the corner had lun down,
or at least at a critical juncture a certain old lady
was fearful it (the clock) might stop, and she put
this question to the old gentleman: "John, did
you wind up the clock to-night.1' " Good Lord,"
says he, "such a question at such a time!"
[Laughter.]
Sir, such an amendment to such a law and at
such a time is just as inopportune. The gentle-
man's argument did not apply to the amendment
which he offered. Theargumentwasnottoshow,
at least very little of it, that his amendment is
legitimate, that it is proper, that it is leasonable,
that it. is sound, that it is advantageous. If I
heard his speech correctly I could only conclude
that it was intended more to defeat than carry this
bill; that it was intended more for ridicule than to
promote legislation. This amendment looks to
me as if the gentleman who offered it was opposed ;
to the whole measure, and offered it merely for i
the puiposeof making a speech to gratify his j
constituents, on the giound that the railroad did ,
run through the State of Indiana, and made that
State merely a way fetation, with nothing but a
stopping depot, where the iron horse that started
from the golden sands of the Pacific -shores would
only stop to breathe a little, take m water,_aml
then start off for Philadelphia and Hew York. It
looks to me as if the gentleman was opposed to
the measure for the reason that it will make In-
diana only a way station on this great railroad or
its connections. From his argument I was,al-
most led to believe he was as fearful of the ex-
pediency or propriety of this great national work
as that eminent member of the British Parliament
who,-when the question of constructing ,a rail-
road was first agitated in the United Kingdom,
got up with all the solemnity of his legislative
dignity, with all the wisdom ami profundity which
he could command, and shaking himself into the
proper parliamentary position,said," Mr. Speak-
er, it is my deliberate opinion that a railroad could
not compete with a canal." [Laughter.] Sir, I
consider his argument credulous, and one which
looks upon this measure as another innovation
upon the venerable system of common carrying
by means of pack-saddled horses. He almost inti-
mates that the road will not pay either the people
or the Government. He does not say so directly,
but he insinuates it by saying that he is afraid
that this corporation will be injurious, and hence
if we grant them lands we must have some little
boon as a consideration for the favor which tho
Government holds out to it.
1 am in favor of this bill. I am pleased to
know that there are many members on the other
side of the House who are in favor of the main
policy of the original bill, and of the amend-
ments as proposed by the committee. Many of
us were not here to vote for the original bill as
passed by a former Congress. Perhaps the gen-
tleman from Indiana was. I have not hunted
up his record. I have not a political scrap-book
here to which I can turn on all occasions; but I
think that the man who opposes or throws ob-
structions in the way of the commencement and
early completion of this great highway, the Pa-
cific railroad, will not have to live very long, or,
in other words, will have to die very soon, not
to regret such action. Yet my charity would
impel me to hope that the honorable gentleman
may long live. But when he or any other per-
son, if there be.one other man in the House so
curiously constituted, who so habitually retains
his seat, or when he does happen to express him-
self gives vent to such crude ideas as that the
great State of Indiana is to be turned back into
a wilderness, and blossom no longer in her roses
of Democracy or Republicanism!—I say that
when a gentleman so rises here suddenly and iwi-
expcckdly and speaks in that way, he is to be for-
given, and therefore I hope that the gentleman
from Indiana may be spared and may live long
enough to ride upon this road from one end of it
to the other. All who favor this measure may
go home perfectly satisfied with their action. He
who supports, not he who opposes, the amend-
ments of the committee will find an approving
constituency. Neither will that constituency ap-
prove the less from the fact thata resolution uig-
mg an early completion of this great work has
been made a plank in the platform of the Union
party.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The gentleman from the iron
region of Pennsylvania 
Mr, RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Oh, no; the
oil region.
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, the gentleman from
the oil region of Pennsylvania lias had a good
time generally this evening. He has not told us
whether he has received a icnomination or not.
I suppose he has.
Mr. A. MYERS. Certainly I have.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman is renom-
inated, so that he is able to talk deliberately.
There was an intimation, however, made by the
member from New York [Mr. Steele] winch is
the key-note of all this wonderful flowery decla-
mation of gentlemen on this subject. The gentle-
man fiom New York went on to say that certain
benevolent gentlemen on this flour, having, of
course, no interest at heait except the interest of
the country, had ceitain stock in this road. And
it struck me, Mr. Speaker, that instead of the
anecdote related by the gpntleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. A. Myers] the anecdote would be
more appropriate which is told of a county judge
livingin thepeanutregionof Jiieown State, which
the gentleman, I believe, represents.
