1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOito.
soldiers of their army captured by ours. General j
Hitchcock, our commissioner for the exchange \
of prisoners, says in a letter on this subject:
"It is generally known tliat when the Congiess of the
United Slates proceeded to authorize by law the employ-
ment of colored tioopa lor the suppression of the rebellion,
theiy was throughout the whole length and breadth of the
South one universal ciy of real or well-affected indignation,
accompanied with the wildest thieats of vengeance against
sucholficeis as might be captuiod with colored troops, while
the colored soldiers themselves it was everywhere believed
should be either 'returned or sold into slavery.' It was
everywhere published throughout the South that this class
of troops were not entitled to, and should not receive, the
protection of the lawsoi war, and the stiongest terms which
infuriate madness could device or invent were used in con-
demnation of the measure authntized by the United States
Government."
"When the Constitution, by express words, di-
rects any operation of Government, and names the
department or officer by which it is to be per-
formed, and also the instrumentality and mode
of performance, all other departments, officers,
modes, and instrumentalities are excluded, and
those named only can* be legitimately used. This
rule of construction is universally applied to all
constitutions, and every other instrumentof writ-
ing. Another undeniable principle, which has
been often recognized by the Supreme Couit, is,
that when the Constitution vests in the United
States any power, or charges them to do any act,
all such provisions create legislative powers, and
Congress alone can execute them.
The United States Government wholly, and,
a fortiori, its departments and officers, singly or
in any combination, cannot exercise any powers
whatever but such as are conferred upon them by
the Constitution. Many unenumerated auxiliary
powers are positively necessaiy to enable the
legislative, executive, and judicial departments to
execute the powers which the Constitution by its
language confers upon them respectively, but the
whole "of that indefinite mass of powers is ex-
pressly vested in Congress by this provision:
" Tiie Congress shall have power to make all laws which
shall bo necessity and pioper for cairying into execution
the foregoing poweih. and all other powcis ve-tcd by this
Constitution in the Government ot ihe United States, ot
any depaitmcnt or ojficcr thcicof."
So far as the language of the Constitution, ex-
pressly in words or by their implication, vests
powers in any department or officer, the depart-
ment or officer named can exercise only them with-
out legislation; and all other powers, however
indispensably necessary to execute those con-
ferred by the language of the Constitution, are
vested exclusively in Congress, to be executed by
itself, or by the particular department or officer to
which they relate, or some other agency, as Con-
gress by its law may name. Until it expiessly by
its law authonzes the President, or the judiciary,
or any officer of the Government to exercise the
auxiliary power, it would be usurpation and vio-
lation of the Constitution for either to assume it.
This important principle is clearly embodied in
that instrument, and is distinctly recognized by
the Supreme Court, in these words:
u.Moieovei, the Constitution of the United States, a? fai
as it has piovided for an eim:igwin.y of thin kind, and au-
thoiizcd tho (Jeneitil Government to mterieie in the domes-
tic coiicci us ol a .State, ha? treated the subject as political
in its natuie, and placed the power in the hands of that
department.
"The fouiili section of the lonith aiticie of the Consti-
tution of the United States piovuies that theUmtod States
shall guaianty to eveiy Statu in the Union a iqmbhcan
form of government, and shall pioieet each of them against
invasion; and, on the application ot the Legislating or of
the Executive, (when llic Legislatuie cannotbe convened,)
agani-t domestic violence.
a Undei this aiticie ol the Constitution it ie?ts with Con-
gress to decide what government i>. the e^tnbludied on0 in
a State, fr'oi as the United States guaianty to each State
a republic.m gov ei nincut, Connies-, nuut neee^nnly decide
what government i> established m the State betoie it can
detennine wheihei it i> lepnhhe.in ot not. And when the
Senator* and R« pie-' ntati\e  of a State are admitted into
the councils ol the Union, the authonty ot the  oveinm',iit
undei which they aie api>umted, as well as its republican
cliaiacter, t- recognized b\ ihe ptopi-i constitutional <iu-
thonty. And its deeision iV binding on evci\ othei depau-
ment of the Government, and c mild not be questioned in a
judicial tribunal. It i>tiueth.it the contest in this case did
not last long enough to bung the m.ittci to thi-s i^s-uo; and
as no Semitois 01 llepre>eniatives weie elected under the
authonty of the government of which Mr. Dorr wa> the
head, U'lnqrc-'i was not calied upon to decide the contro-
versy. Yet the I i!>l:r to d«vnle i- placed thete, and not in
the couits not ni Un> Incentive.
" So, too.as lelate-. to the cl.UHe in the rhnvn mentioned
JMl-cle oi the ConMitution. piovidinu Soi en-es <>| dome-tn'
violence. it icsted u ilh Con<uets<. too, to deteiitunc upon
the means piopor to be adopted to lullill tuis jniaiaiU"<-.
Tiiey might, if they had deemed it most advisable to do
so, have placed it in the powei of a couit to dceide \\ hen
the contingency had happened which required the Federal
Government to intei feie. Bui Congiess thought otherwise,
and no doubt wisely ; and, by the act of February 28,1795,
provided, that 'in ca?«e of an insunectiori in any State
against the government theieol, it shall be lawful for the
Piesident ot' the United State., on application of the Le-
gislature of such State, or of the Executive, (when the
JLegislatuie cannot he convened,) to call forth such number
of the militia of any other State or States as may be ap-
plied for as lie may judge sufficient to suppress Mich in-
surrection.'"—7 Howard's Rcpoits, p. 42, Luther vs. Bor-
den.
Now, sir, that provision of the Constitution, and
this decision of the Supreme Court in the import-
ant Dorr case, establish that the only legitimate
power under our Constitution and our system of
government to recognize what is and what is not
a proper government of a State, to determine when
the contingency of a disturbance in the State or
an insurrection has happened,and to call out the
proper agency to meet the case, is Congress,
and Congiess alone. The President cannot in-
tervene in any such state of case until Congress
by its law, as it did by the act of 1795, vests the
power so to intervene in the initiatory in the
President of the United States; and the court ex-
pressly and emphatically declared that Congress,
if it had thought proper, might have vested this
important discretion in the courts as well, but
that they had acted wisely and practically in
vesting it in the President of the United States.
By the Constitution Congress, and Congress
alone, has power "to raise and supportarmies,"
" to provide and maintain a navy," " to provide
for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of
the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel in-
vasions." To Congress exclusively, and not to
the President, belongs the authority to recognize
a state of resistance to the execution of the laws,
of insurrection, or invasion, which requires the
calling forth the military power. To devise meas-
ures and a policy to meet either of those condi-
tions belongs to Congress, and not to the Presi-
dent. He has no authority to recognize even the
existence of those states of case, and to put a mil-
itary force in motion to meet them, without a law
of Congress vesting him with that power. To
Congress also belongs the authority to deteimine
when the lesistancc to the execution of the laws
has ceased, when the insurrection has been sup-
pressed, and when the invasion has been repelled.
The President cannot take cognizance of either
of those questions without the authority of a law
of Congiess, and, in relation to insurrections, it
has not passed such a law.
The questions whether Congress could employ
or authorize the laistng of any other forces to sup-
press the existing insurrection than militia, and
whether negroes could propetly constitute apart
of that militia, might well be made. Numcious
tribes of Indian savages of a great aggregate num-
ber, at the time of the adoption of fhe Constitu-
tion, resided, and still reside, in the United States;
would it be competent for Congress to authorize
the organization of those savages as part of the
military power to suppress the existing insurrec-
tion? I hold that the true principle of the Con-
stitution is that insurrections are to be put down
by citizens alone, and that negroes aie not and
' cannot be made citizens. White men alone made
our Government, and arc the only parties to it.
All qui* political partners are equal, and negroes
cannot be admitted to that equality. The colo-
nies had all held Africans as slaves and propeity
from about 1050; and those that were brought
from their country were impoited and sold into
the colonies principally by JNew England traders
in that traffic. The rebellion against George 111
was fust to resist aggression on the lights and
liberties of the white man, and ultimately for his
independence and self-government, and not of the
ne«;ro. The old Articles of Confedciation were
| made by the white man for his own defense and
j pioteetion; the negro took no part in the work;
! nothing was assmed to him by it, nor was he in
any way its subject, or even thought of by the
men who perfonned it.
When independence was declared,all the colo-
nies before, and States afterwaids, still held slaves;
and that great transaction was by white men, io-
: !cited to and was for the benefit only of' white men;
! and the MaUifj, rights, and privileges of no negro
; in America, slave or free, were conferred, en-
laigcd, or in any way affected by it. When the
Constitution was formed and adopted, no move-
ment had been made by the States, except two,
to abolish slavery; and It was formed by white
men alone, as their Government, to secure only
their rights and liberties, without conferring or
intending to confer or lecognize any in the negro,
or touching in the remotest degree the condition
of any one, bond or free, of that race. The ne-
gro slave is recognized by the Constitution as
property, and provision is made by it for his
rendition when he escapes from his owner into
another State. The whole subject of slavery and
the manumission of slaves was retained by the
people of the several States as matter of their do-
mesticandlocal policy,to be regulated exclusively
by their own governments and themselves; and
in these primary depositories the Constitution
left the whole subject. But waiving, and even
conceding, the power of Congress to authorize
the enlistment of free negroes and slaves also,
would it not have been the best policy not to have
made soldiers of them ? The slaves being prop-
erty, the United States had the right to use them
for labor on the same conditions as other prop-
erty. As teamsters, laborers on military works,
and in other ways, many more of them than have
been enlisted could have been advantageously
used, and the white men so employed could have
been put in the field. They would then have been
of more value than they will be as soldiers; and
another cause of intense aversion and of united
and desperate resistance by the rebels, and of deep
dissatisfaction of the loyal slaveholders every-
where, would have been avoided. The obloquy
of taking from loyal and true men their property
by the Government which they were striving to
uphold, would not have fixed its indelible stain
on our national character. The difficulty of the
rebels having negroes taken prisoners in battle,
with arms in their hands, fighting against their
owners, and refusing to exchange for them as
prisoners of war, would not have arisen.
But conccding, for the argument, that it was
both legally right and wise policy to enlist negro
slaves in the armies of the United States, the pres-
ent question is, shall ten times us many white sol*
fliers languish in want and destitution in loath-
some prisons,and many ofthemdie ofconsequent
starvation and disease, to force the rebels to ex-
change their negro prisoners? I have seen in the
pnpers within the last few months this statement
about this matter: Mr. Lincoln was written to,
and requested to suspend all exchanges of prison-
ers until tho rebels would exchange the white
officers of negro troops who had been captured by
them. The President was represented as refusing
to take that position, becausc, first, there were
not many prisoners of the class of officers of ne-
gro corps, and it would be unjust to the greatly
more numerous class ofwhite prisoners who were
not in that category. Second, the white officers
who undei took to command negro forces got
quicker promotion than if they had remained or
joined the service in white corps. Third, those
officers knew this hazard of their service before
they assumed it, by the previous threats of JefF.
Davis and the rebel authorities, published in the
newspapers.
Every person will concede that the United States
authorities, having enlisted negro soldiers, wheth-
er rightfully or wrongfully, are bound to make ali
reasonable efforts to protect them as captives; but
not by continuing white men in prison where they
are in a perishing condition for want of raiment
and food, and many of them are dying from dis-
eases thereby engendered. If this protraction of
their sufferings, this loss of health and mortality
of many of the white captives, would prolong the
lives or give increased health and strength or com-
foits to the negro prisoners, then there might be
a seeming pretext, for those who give the first place
in their sympathies to that race, for white men to
be continued in toiture, and even to die by starva-
tion, for their good. But when the protraction of
the sufferings of the white prisoners brings no al-
leviation to the negroes, what is the motive with
our authorities to continue them ? It is, that the
waiting forms, the waning health,and the dying
groans of our heroic white captive soldiers in Libby
and other rebel prisons shall continue, until they
create a moral foi ce to constrain the rebel authori-
ties to deliver from captivity at the same time the
pusoners of both races. If the rebels, in this
matter, violate the usages of modern warfare, pun-
ish them, and not citizens and white men, who
volunteered in the cause of the Union, the Con-
