1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20#T
1860, after the election of Mi*. Lincoln, used the
following language:
" The first question that presents itself is, shall the peo-
ple of the South secede from the Union in consequence of
the election of Mr. Lincoln to the Presidency of the Uni-
ted States? My conntiymen, I tell you frankly, candidly,
and oarne«t!y, that I do not think that they outjht. In my
judgment, the election of no man constitutionally chosen
to that lush oliice is sufficient cau^e for any State to sep-
arate from the Union. It ought to stand by and aid still
jn maintaining tite Constitution of the country. To make
a point of re«i-tance to the Government, to withdrawfrom
it because a man lias been constitutionally elected, puts
us in the wrong. We are pledged to maintain the Consti-
tution. Many of us have sworn to support it. Can we,
therefore, for the mere election of a man to the Presidency,
and that, too, in accordance with the prescribed forms ot
the Constitution, make a point of resistance to the Gov-
ernment without becoming the breakeis of that sacred in-
strument ourselves, withdraw ourselves from it? Would
we not be in the wrong? Whatever fate is to befall this
country, let it never be laid to the charge of the people of
the South, and especially to the people of Geoigia, that we
were untrue to our national engagements. Let the fault
and the wrong rest upon others. If all our hopes are to be
bla.-ted, if the Republic is to go down, let us be found to
the la^t moment standing on the deck, with the Constitu-
tion of the United Stated wavim? over our heads. Let the
fanatics of the North break the Constitution if such is their
fell purpose. Let theresponsibility be upon them, {shall
speak presently more of their acts ; but let not the South,
let us not be the ones to commit the aggression. We went
into the election with thn people. The result was differ-
ent from what we wished; but the election has been con-
stitutionally held. Were we to make a point of resistance
to t lie Government and go out of the Union on that account,
the record would he made up hereafter against us."
Can any one doubt that if our policy had been
wise and conciliatory all that conservative class
of men at the South of which Mr. Stephens was
the representative would have sought the first
occasion to return to the Union ? I do not doubt
it for one moment. But, sir, fanaticism has rule^l,
and we must drink the bitter cup. By changing
our policy we have united the South and divided
the North. You had a splendid Army in the
field, and the people were fully committed to the
war. Immense sacrifices of blood and treasure
had already been made. The leaders of the Re-
publican party (a name synonymous with abo-
lition) demanded a change in the entire policy of
the war, and I believe they demanded the change
because they believed that the rebellion would be
put down, and the Union would be restored, be-
fore their long-cherished political project of abol-
ishing slavery could be accomplished. Having
determined to force the change they no longer
Boughtto ignore party,buteverywhereproscribed
men for opinion's sake. The offices of the Gov-
ernment, both civil and military, were filled from
the relinks of their own most extreme partisans,
and that without regard to merit or qualification.
But, sir, with this bright prospect before us,
wuh a splendid Army, such as no nation could
ever boast before, with a united people and over-
flowing Treasury, with a divided and discouraged
enemy, you forced the change in the policy of the
war to suit your own peculiar views and to ac-
complish political ends. McClellan was too con-
servative to suit you, and he was becoming too
popular with the Army and the people. You de-
manded his removal, the President refused to re-
move him. You threatened the President, and
demanded a division of the army, and the aimy
of the Potomac was divided into three or four
separate commands. The defeat and disaster at-
tending each command will foreverattest the folly
and wickedness of that division, made to subserve
political purposes.
1 believe that our failure to obtain important
military success through the instrumentality of
the army of the Potomac is not attributable to
any want of courage or prowess in that army,
but that failure in every instance is tiaceable to
unwarranted interference by those radicai politi-
cians who have not dared to risk their own lives
in the field, and who have not been content to let
the movements of the Army be controlled by those *
whone position, education, and profession enti-
tled them alone to determine wisely its action. The
Army has had a bold, brave, and desperately de-
termined foe to contend with, led by able com-
manders. It has required the highest skill and
ability in its commanders, with the most patient
endurance, complete discipline, and exalted cour-
age on our part to meet the adversary. And no
mete political juggler has any more right to in-
terfere with the movements of the Army than the
Aimy has to interfere with the legislation of the
country.
I desire now to turn my attention to the action
of Congress during this momentous struggle.
And before 1 proceed to speak of any specific
measure I will state what I believe the action of
the majority in this body will prove, and that is
that the Republican party is in all essentials an
abolition party; that if there ever was any differ-
ence there is none now; that you have forced a
change in the policy of the war, not from any
military necessity but to enable you to accomplish
your purpose in liberating the slaves and elevating
the negro to political and social equality with the
white man; that you do not intend to restore the
Union under the Constitution, but that you are
determined to violate that sacred instrument when-
ever and wherever it comes in conflict with your
political dogmas; that you will continue to adopt
one measure after another, under the plea that it
is for the salvation of the Union, until you will
have divided the people, robbed them of their nat-
ural and constitutional rights, and finally, losing
all hope of saving the Union, you will have es-
tablished a centralized despotism. You are now
following to the letter the predictions made by
the immortal Webster. No photograph was ever
more lifelike than that given by that great states-
man, who warned the people of the danger to be
apprehended by your elevation to power. He
said:
"If the infernal fanatics and aboiitioniMs ever get the
power in their hands they will override the Constitution,
sot the Supreme Court at defiance, change and make. laws>
to suit themselves, lay violent hands on those who differ
with them in their opinion^ or dare qneMion their infalli-
bility, and finally bankrupt the countiy and deluge it with
blood."
If the description given by Mr. Webster is not
complete, allow me to give you another from the
master hand of Kentucky's gifted son; one whose
loyalty was never called m question. Air. Clay
said of them as a class:
With th«*m the rights of pioperty are nothing:; the de-
ficiency of the poweift of the General Government is noth-
ing; the acknowledged and incontestable powers of the
States are nothing; the dissolution of the Union and the
oveiihiovvofa Government mwhich are coneentiated the
hopes of the civilized world are nothing. A single idea
has i.tken po-sessiojj of tlu ir minds, and onward they pur-
<hm u, oveilookmg all bairiers, reckle>s and regardless of
ali consequences.'5
I ask you who in the midst of this great strug-
gle for national life, with a mind to comprehend
the magnitude of the issues before its, uoes not
tremble for the fate of this nation? Is not the.
question of civil liberty involved? Is not the
great problem of man's capacity for self-govern-
ment uuder process of solution to be worked out
in blood? Is not the question of free and inde-
pendent government on trial, and will it not re-
quire the best and most united efforts of all the
people to save the ship of State? Can the party
that can carrv ail election successfully put down
this rebellion"? Can you who are in power afford
to ignore one million and a half of Democrats in
this great contest? If you cannot afford to lose
their support why do you labor so hard to prove
that all who do not subscribe to the infallibility
of this Administration are disloyal and traitors?
Why do you indulge in low abusive phrases
against them in debate ? Why do you constantly
keep before Congress side issues which have noth-
ing to do with putting down the rebellion? Do
you desire to save the Union of our fathers or do
you desire a Union formed to suit your higher-
law doctrines; one that is not held together by
interest and the strong cords of fraternal love and
affection, butonethatis held together by bayonets?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] talks about a homogeneity of ideas which
is to be produced by his force policy in abolish-
ing slaveiy. Why, sir, you might as well talk
about forcing all men to look alike as to talk about
forcing all men to think alike. God has not de-
signed that all men should think or look alike;
""mid having organized men's minds so that they
will feel and think differently, in order that they
may live peaceably in society they must compro-
mise and concede something to each other's views.
Governments are founded on much the same prin-
ciples, and our Government is one peculiarly of
compromise; and without that pnnciple it could
never have been formed.
Rut if you really desire the restoration of the
Union, why do you tet'ep constantly before Con-
gress and the country the negro ? You seem to
have given far more importance to the interest of
the African race than you have to the interest of
the white race. Mr. Clay says that one idea has
seized your minds, and onward you pursue it,
reckless and regardless of ixll consequences. Is
not this true? When did you shed the tear of sym-
pathy over the afflictions of the sick' or wounded
soldier in camp or hospital, or over the distressed
widow and orphan at home, made so by the war?
If you are unable to answer me these questions,
answer me another. When, since yott have been
in power, have you failed to have before Con-
gress some subject relating to the negro? Loolc
at the list of measures that you have passed on
that interesting subject—a list, disgraceful to you
and ruinous to the country. Youcommencea the
agitation by abolishing slavery in the District of
Columbia, at a cost of millions of dollars. Then
came the repeal of the law against the transpor-
tation of the mails by negroes. We all witnessed
the great agony and discussion in the Senate of
the United States over theejecture from the street
cars of this city by the conductor of one Major
Charles Augusta, an impudent negro, who, be-
cause lie had shoulder straps on, felt license'd to
thrust himself on the car seats by the side of
white ladies. Look at the discussion on this sub-
ject, and you ftill find that a distinguished Sen-
ator [Mr. Grimes] declared that it was a greater
disgrace for this negro to be put out of the cars
than it would have been to have done the same
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.]
And again, the question of the organization of
the new Territory of Montana is before the Sen-
ate. That august body debates and finally adopts
an amendment to the bill providing that negroes
may vote. The amendment was adopted on a
call of the yeas and nays, 20for and ITsgainstsJ®.
The vote in the House on its return from the
Senate, on the question of laying the bill on the
table, was a tie vote, and the Speaker gave the
casting vote against laying on the table. But to
my list once more.
The amendment of the Articles of War, so as to
make it a high offense for an officer of the Army
to return a runaway slave to his owner;
The refusal to make it an offense of like char-
acter for an officer to entice away a slave;
The passage of a law recognizing as our equals
the negro Governments of Liberia and Hayti;
The passage of a confiscation bill aimed at
slavery;
The act authorizing the President to call ne-
groes into the military service of the United
States;
The admission of the new State of West "Vir-
ginia, in violation of the Constitution of the
United States, provided she would abolish slavery;
Prohibiting slavery in all the Territories of the
United States.
Add to these measures—
The six hundred free negroes sent to the island
of Avache, and finally returned after a pleasant
excursion at sea at the public expense;
The bill to establish a Freedmen's Bureau, at
an immense cost to the Government;
The bill to reconstruct rebel States, in which
the negro is to be forever free;
The bill providing temporary territorial gov-
ernments for seceded States, in which the lands
are to be leased to negroes under overseers, and
schools are to be established for the negroes;
The proposition to amend the Constitution of
the United States, abolishing slavery in all the
States where it now exists by law, and forever
forbidding it;
The various propositions to increase the pay
of the negro soldier, with your manifest indiffer-
ence about the increase of the pay of the white
soldier;
The eulogium of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] on the life and death of some
negro friend of his;
And finally, and to cap the climax of negroism,
we have the President's amnesty proclamation,
reconstructing rebel Slates and fixing the quali-
fications of voters, who are, before being entitled
to vote, required to take an oath to support all
the proclamations that ho—the President—has
issued or that he may hereafter issue on the ne-
gro question.
Sir, can any man of sound mind look over this
list of measures, which is by no means full, and
then read the immense volumes of speeches made
in behalf of the negro, and not be impressed with
the idea that you are more concerned about the
