26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
stitution, and the laws, and who are so unfortu-
nate as to be prisoners. If the officials who thus
continue them in miserable captivity could be
sent to take their places, I would not interpose a
word of objection. But, according to my concep-
tion of justice, humanity, and policy, I insist that
early and energetic efforts should have been made,
should now and should continue to be made, for
their exchange. If every man in captivity from
our armies were white, and the rebel authorities
were willing to exchange for part, and not for all,
those that could be should be delivered from such
a horrid captivity. OurGovernmentshould make
every effort for the liberation of all; but failing as
to part, it would be cruel injustice for it to decide
that the others should remain until their captors
would consent that all should go forth. Brave
and magnanimous men would neverask that their
companions in prison should be held there to lan-
guish and die because they could not get out, but
in the realization of its horrors, and the nobleness
of their own hearts,they would exclaim, "let all
who can go free."
This is another point of collision in the war be-
tween the two races that has been slowly arising
for many years, that was destined in the ordinary
course of events to increase in extent and fierce-
ness, and which fanaticsand demagogues are reck-
lessly urging forward, even though it should be-
come demoniac in its character. The abolitionists
are the original architects of this great civil war.
Slavery and property in African slaves was es-
tablished by the practice of the civilized world,
upheld by the laws of nations, protected by the
laws of the original thirteen States, and recognized
by the Federal Constitution, and, where it existed
in any State, declared by Mr. Lincoln himself to
be outside of the pale of his authority as Presi-
dent, and also of Congress. The people of one
State had no right to assail slavery in another
Slate, because the subject belonged exclusively to
the State and its people. But some of the people
of the free States, as far back as 1832, began to
agitate against slavery in other States. They es-
tablished newspapers to labor in that work. They
proclaimed," no union with slaveholders." They
denounced the Constitution, because it recognized
slavery and gave some protection to the owners
of that property, as "a covenant with death and
an agreement with hell." They, for that cause,
made incessant war upon the Constitution for its
overthrow, and were impelled, by their malignant
and frenzied hate of it, publicly to burn a copy
of it. The glorious ensign of the United States,
the creation of the Constitution, they scoffed and
denounced as a flaunting lie. By sermons, lec-
tures, and public addresses, in tracts and treatises,
in the family circle, the school-house, and the
pulpit, by printing and pictorial representations,
they circulated thousands of flagitious falsehoods
against slaveholders. With daring impiety they
declared that " if the Bible recognized slavery it
was not their Bible; if God sanctioned slavery he
was not their God."
The members of the churches North cut off from
their religious fellowship members of the same
churches South. The execution of the fugitive
slave law was resisted by armed mobs in several
of the free States, by acts of outrageous violence
and murder; and by an insurrection in Massachu-
setts, which made war and committed treason
against the United States,and murdered a citizen
employed in the execution of its law. The first
fugitive slave law had been passed by Congress
under Wash ington's ad ministration and approved
by him; and the constitutionality of it, and of the
law of 1850, had been sustained by the unanimous
judgment of the Supreme Court and all the dis-
trict courts of the United States; and yet some
half dozen of the free Slates passed laws avowedly
to antagonize with and defeat their provisions.
Those who executed or assisted in the execution
of the fugitive slave laws of Congress were de-
clared felons by the laws of those States, and sub-
ject to be punished by confinement in their peni-
tentiaries. The personal liberty law of Ohio was
framed specially to defeat the fugitive slave law
in that State, and to punish as felons all who ex-
ecuted or aided in its execution. The two laws
were in direct conflict; and if one was executed
the other was thereby nullified; and the present
Secretary of the Treasury, when Governor of
Ohio, issued his proclamation, declaring that the
law of Ohio should be executed if it required all
the forces of that State to execute it. It was by
these infractions of the Constitution and these
outrages that so many of the southern people were
prepared to be beguiled by their ambitious and
corrupt leaders into a rebellion against a Govern-
ment that had never oppressed them, and that was
the best hope of their country and of mankind.
Secession was no remedy for any evil, but was
certain to aggravate all existing evils, and to in-
troduce a thousand more, inestimably more griev-
ous. Instead of protecting or adding a tittle to the
security of slave property, it has, as I declared
in my public addresses hefore it came, damaged
slavery a thousand times more than all the causes
that were then actively working against it. Yea,
I then said that slavery would he in danger ofutter
subversion from northern demagogues and fanat-
ics, presidential and congressional usurpations of
power,and the quickened cupidityand passions of
millions of people. Before the lebellion the aboli-
tionists were but a small and impotent faction.
Their achievements had been extensively to poison
and frenzy the minds and hearts of the people of
the fiee States against all slaveholders, and to get
up sporadic riots and murders, and the Boston in-
surrection, which was suppressed by President
Fillmore; to prevent the execution of the fugitive
slave law; and the raid of John Brown into Vir-
ginia. But the rebellion has given that faction
tremendous force, and the present possession of
the Government, a soldiery counted by hundreds
of thousands, and millions of good people who
previously rejected their projects as unconstitu-
tional, revolutionary, and destructive. It enabled
that faction to conscript the last Congress, the Pres-
ident and his Cabinet, the armies and navies of the
United States, and the entire Republican party,
which itdyed very black, into its service; and with
those mighty forces and allies itseems to be sweep-
ing triumphantly on, over the prostrate Constitu-
tion of the United States and the liberties of the
people, to the uttei annihilation ofslavery, and (he
overthrow of the constitutions, laws, and social
organization of all the slave States. They are
now reveling and frantic in the possession and
exeicist; of unlimited power. They may bring
down i uin upon slavery and the rebel States; they
may subvert our system of government, consist-
ing of a di\idnl sovereignty between the nation
and the States; they may, for the time, override
all the rights and the liberties of the people,guar-
antied to them in their Constitution, by a military
despotism; but sooner or later the freemen of
America, around whom they are throwing chains
which they hope to rivet at the next presidential
election, will arouse themselves from their leth-
argy, and, in the potential vindication of free
speech, of a free press, and free elections, they
will rescue their Constitution and popular liberty
from these destructives, and restore the Union as it
was, raise aloft a prostrate Constitution, enforce
the laws to our utmost limits, assure all the people,
North and South, the practical enjoyment of all
their rights, piivileges, and hbeities, and thus
bring buck to our torn and bleeding country secu-
rity, peace, fraternity, and happiness.
But if this glorious regeneration should be de-
feated by the destructives interposing by the bay-
onet, and by that mode getting lease of power
another term, they would bring down upbn the
whole country a civil war more extensive, bloody,
and frightful than the world has ever witnessed,
and before theglowmg, baleful fires ofwhich those
now-burning would pale. The raging storm would
sweep over the feeble men in power; and another
Cromwell or Bonaparte, for whom they had pre-
pared the way, would be called up by the heaving
and tumbling of the whole social fabric, and would
sweep them in their utter helplessness from their
unstable places and power into sudden rum and
eternal infamy.
At the begmningof the rebellion,thepxhibition
of unity and devotion by the people of the loyal
States to their Union and their Constitution and
Government was sublime, while the dissension
of the people of the seceded Status gave bright
omen of their early submission. Then was the
time to move upon the insurrection under the pan-
oply of the Constitution and laws, with the sword
in the one hand and the olive branch in the other.
If the United States authorities had moved into
any of the rebel States, except South Carolina,
and taken possession with an army sufficient to
hold it, and to give protection and security to all
its people, two thirds of them would have ac-
knowledged and would have adhered faithfully
to their country and its symbol, " the stars and
the stripes."
Congress and the President began aright the sup-
pression of the insurrection. He declared that he
had " neither the power nor the inclination to in-
terfere with slavery in the States;" that if he pos-
sessed himself of land,andanotherman of slaves,
they " both had an equal and the same guarantee of
Constitution and law for their property." In com-
munication to the Emperor of the French, thiough
Secretary Seward and Minister Dayton, he said:
"The rights of the States and the condition of eveiyhu-
man being:" in them will remain precisely the same, whether
the revolution shall succeed orwhetherit shall fail. In one
ca^e the States would bo federally connected with the new
confederacy; in the other thevwould,as now, be members
of the United States; but.then constitutions and law?., cus-
toms, habits, and institutions,in eithej case will rem.iinthe
same."
The Senate,within fourdays after the first battle
of Bull Run, except three Senators, and the House
of Representatives I believe with entire unanimity,
passed Mr. Crittenden's just, wise, and imperish-
able resolution. That resolution cannot be too
often read by the American people; it cannot be
too deeply graven on their memories and their
hearts and their minds, and I therefore again
read it:
"Resolved, That the present deplorable civil war has been
forced upon the country by the disumoni ts of the southern
States, now in arms against the constitutional Government,
and in arms around the capital; that in this national emer-
gency, Congress, banishing all feelings of mere passion or
resentment, will recollect only its duty to the whole coun-
try ; that this war is not waged on their pair m any spirit of
opptessiou, or for nnypurpo&e of conquest or subjugation,
oi [>ui po e of ovei tin owing or inter fenng with the lights or
established institutions ot' those States, but to defend and
maintain the supremacy ot the Constitution, and to preserve
the Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights ot the
several States ummpatied; and that as *oon as these ob-
ject.- are accomplished the war ought to cease.55
Sir, if there were ever words of truth and wis-
dom conceived or written or spoken by man since
he was created, they are embodied m that wise
and statesmanlike resolution. If that had remained
the law of the war to put down this rebellion, and
competent leaders and sufficient foice had been
thrown into the field to conduct it, the war would
long ago have ceased by the submission of the
rebel States, and the leconstiuction of the Union
under our glorious Constitution.
But by the next session, the party in power
in the two Houses, who had resolved upon the
destruction of slavery,fas aut ncfas, commenced
systematic and well-considered operations to ef-
fectuate their fixed and cherished object; but the
President proceeded with characteristic caution
and address. But not only the numbers but the
purposes of this party have grown and expanded.
Their first phase was to sever the States and to
subvert the Constitution by making many yeais'
war upon both, because they protected slavery.
But having forced Congress and the Piesident to
disregard all the guards and restraints of the Con-
stitution, and usurp the ncccssary powers to cffect
it, the entente cordiale is established between them
by which one of the contracting parties is to have
all power, constitutional and usurped, for another
term, leaving the future thereafter to take care of
itself: and the other pai ty is to have the utter ex-
tinction of slavery, not with the sudden and revo-
lutionary violence they desired, but if more slowly
more surely, and with less danger of a reaction
that would be fatal to both parties
The original abolitionists, and many of their
new converts, now boldly declare for nrgio equal-
ity; and their most eloquent orator goen the whole
figure^ " liberty, equably, brothei hood, and amal-
gamation." T he President, m a public speech in
this city, on the occasion of a great rejoicing for
the great and important successes of our arms on
the Mississippi, said:
" Eighty-odd years since, the 4th day of July, for the
first time in the woild. a union body of iepie entative?> de-
clared, as a seli'-evidout truth, that all men wcie ueated
equal.'"'
"Anothei of our residents, fifty year* afterward-, was
eailed from tiie s-tagu of eustenee, and on the t ame day of
the month ; and now, on tins 4th day of July ju-t pas-ed,
\\ hen a gigantic rebellion lias risen m the land, piecisely
at the bottom of winch i^ an effort to overilnow that pim-
ciple, that all men are created equal, we have a surrender
or one of their mo-t powerful position-* and power!ul armies
foiced upon them that veiy day."
And more recently, at the consecration of the
Soldiers' Cemetery at Gettysburg, he spoke to
