THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. Ill YES. WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1864.
New Series No. 190.
But if I mine out a thousand dollars in gold your
Government stamps an absolute value upon it,
and 1 have to pay the tax. There is therefore no
comparison between a miner and a manufacturer,
and I undertake to say, and I think I knowsome-
thnig about this mining question, that the propo-
sition, as originally adopted by this House, to tax
the miner 5 per cent, upon the gross proceeds of
his mine, would absolutely discourage, cripple,
and retard the development of our mineral re-
sources. Sir, it is the most suicidal policy that
tins Congress or the Government could possibly
adopt. That it will lessen the yield of gold and
silver is beyond all question. That the tax as
originally adopted by the House cannot be paid
by the miners isclear, and the proposition of the
Senate will certainly yield more revenue. 1 hope
therefore that we shall concur in the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I move to close debate on this
amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was put on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate; and there were—ayes
57, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. MouitiLL
and Shannon were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 31.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Three hundred and eighty-first amendment:
Pa«e 137, at the end of linn eighty, insert the following:
Jlnd provided also, Tli.it naphtha of specific gravity ex-
ceeding elglily decrees, aeeonhnj; lo CauuK-'te hydrumeter,
and of \|)I! kind usually known as gasoline, shall be sub-
ject to a tax of 5 pel cent, ad valorem,
Mr. PIKE. I ask the Committee of Ways and
Means if they will not rccommend concurrence
in that amendment? It is an amendment drawn
by the Commissioner of Internal Rcvenuem the
interest of the revenue.
Mr. MORRILL. All the committee desire is
to prevent frauds. I dare say this amendment is
right, but I have no particular information on the
subject.
Mr. PIKE. As the gentleman from Vermont
has no doubt the amendment is right, I presume
the House will concur in it.
The amendment was concurred in.
Four hundred and tenth amendment:
Pace 147. m line tiiree hundred and twenty-four, strike
out '"50 cents" and insert '-$2" in lieu thereof; so that
the piovi-o will read: .
Provided, That when a duty upon the iron from which
rivets, nuls, and bolts as afoiesaid, shall have been made,
has been assessed and paid a duly of not less than $3 per
ton, a duty only, in addition thereto, shall be paid of §2
per ton.
Mr. HOLMAN. In this rapid mode of going
over the amendments by their numbers only, it
is difficult to keep pace with the Clerk, and we
have passed several amendments in relation to iron
without my attention being drawn to them. I
"wish, however, to call particular attention to this
amendment. Here is an increase from 50 cents to
§2 per ton. Now, I have observed in the press
throughout the country that the impression is
that the duties levied on iron by the bill as it
passed the House are too low. Indeed I think
that, so far as the public press is any indication
of public sentiment, there has been mote com-
plaint upon that one point than any other; that
iron, the great interest of certain sections of the
Union, lias been entirely underrated in its capa-
city to bear reasonable taxation. This amend-
ment of the Senate presents the subject somewhat
fairly, but I understand that the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
from Indiana that we propose to non-concur, not
for the purpose of reducing the duty, but in order
to leave the amendment open that the committee
of conference may insert some further words to
make the provision peifectly clear.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want to obtain a vote upon
this proposition for the purpose of indicating the
190
sentiment of the House in regard to all these
amendments relative to the duties on iron.
Mr. MORRILL. If the House concurs it will
preclude the insertion of the words we propose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Docs the
gentleman from Indiana desire to concur in the
amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. I am in favor of concurring
in every one of these amendments of the Senate m
regard to iron, but tin fortunately we have already
passed over three or four of them and non-c.on-
curred. They have increased the duty on iron
castings from $2 to $3 a ton. They have increased
the duty on stoves and hollow ware from §3 to
§5, and so on.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
that it is for no purpose of reducing the duty,
but of changing the language as it should be
changed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that these amendments
will be concurred in for the purpose of instruct-
ing the committee of conference. We all know
what these committees of conference are. We
know that through, them legislation is placed
practically in the hands of three members from
each House, and that in the ordinary course of
proceeding the conference committee on this bin
will comprise two members of the Committee of
Ways and Means. We must legislate on this
subject here, or we cannot legislate upon it at
all. The public voice is never heard in a com-
mittee of conference. It can only be heard here
in this House. I therefore move that the House
concur in all these amendments, including those
in regard to iron. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
the motion in regard to all the amendments in
this paiagraph, commencing at the four hundred
and sixth amendment, but not in regard to the
paragraphs which the House has passed from
entirely.
Mr. MORRILL. The four hundred and sev-
enth amendment is, I think, wrong. It actually
reduces the duty. It is to strike out the words
" not less than four ounces each in weight" and
to insert in lieu thereof the words ts exceeding
five sixteenths of one inch in diameter."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
close debate on this paiagraph.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was on the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time was
up a minute or so.
Mr. HOLMAN. My motion is to concur in
the four hundred and eighth, four hundred and
ninth, and four hundred and tenth amendments.
These amendments are as follows:
Four hundred and eighth amendment:
Strike out "4" and insert'15."
Pour hundred and ninth amendment:
Arid the words " not less than."
Four hundred and tenth amendment:
Strike out "50 cents" and insert "$2;" so that the par-
acranh will read: „ . , .
On rivets exceeding one fourth of one inch in diameter,
nuN;in<! washeis not lf «s than two ounces each in Wf'ignt,
ami bolt* exceeding five sixteenths of one inch m diam-
eter. a duty oi per ton : Provided, Tii.it when a duty upon
the iron fiom which rivets, nute, and bolts, a* arorewud,
shall have been made, has been assessed and paid a duty
of not l^s than -^'3 per ton? a duty only, hi addition thereto,
shall he paid of £-2 per ton.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Mr. Speaker  _
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted. 1 wo
speeches have been made on each tide.
* Mr HUBBARD, oflowa. I think the gentle-
man from Indiana ought to have more time.
[Laughter ] ^
The question was taken;
division—ayes 15, noes 78.
So the four hundred and eighth, four hundred
and ninth, and four hundred and tenth amend-
ments were non-concurred in.
jUr. HOLMAN. While 1 did not expect to
have the yeas and nays ordered I desire to call
for them.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentlem&n from Indiana
is too late in calling: for the yeas and nays.
and there were, on a
Mr. HOLMAN, I rose instantly after the
division.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair has always ruled
that whenever it gentleman makes a speech before
calling for the yeas and nays, the call comes too
late.
The four hundred and eleventh amendment
was read, as folfows:
Strike out of the proviso in the foregoing paragraph, in
regard to rivets and washers, 50" aud insert"$3
so that It will read :
Provided further, That all iron and castings of iron of
all descriptions advanced beyond pig Iron, blooms, slabs,
or loops, upon winch no duty has been assessed or paid in
the form ot pig iron, shall be assessed and pay, in addition
to the foregoing rates of iron so advanced, a duty of $3
per ton; and when no duty has been assessed or paid
thereon in the form of blooms, slabs, or loops, shall be
assessed and pay, in addition to the foregoing rates ofiron
advanced as afoicsaid,adutyoi §3 per ton.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for a vote on that
amendment, to see whether Pennsylvania over-
rides all other iotcrcsts.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have a
word to say, Mr. Speaker, in regard to that
amendment. The gentleman from Indiana has „
twice said that Pennsylvania overrides other in-
terests. I consider that Pennsylvania has been
overtaxed; and yet we are-willing to bear every
reasonable amount of taxation. But I am not
willing to let the gentleman from Indiana rise in
his seat and say that Pennsylvania controls this
House in so far, at least, as taxation is concerned.
On the contrary, we have submitted and are atill
willing to submit to every taxation that does not
place the last straw on the camel's back.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Four hundred and thirteenth amendment:
Htnkc out the following:
On gold and silver produced from quartz mine?, from
beds of rivers, from the earth, or in any oihei way or man-
ner, a duty of 5 pT cent.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mi. COLE, of California. I move that the
amendment be concurred in. A substitute for
this provision is found upon page 158 which con-
tains all the necessary provisions upon this sub-
ject. It provides as follows:
On bullion in lump, ingot, bar, oi otherwise, a duty of one
Ualfoi one percent, ad valorem, to bo paid by the nss>ayer of
the same, who shall stamp the product of the ass-ay as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the dhection of
the Secretary of the TieaMity, maypiescnbe by geneial
regulations. And eveiy and all tiansl'ers, exchanged,
uan>portation, and expoifation of gold or silver assayed
at any mint of the United Stat*** or by any private assuyer,
unless stamped as pi escribed by geneial regulations, as
aloresaui, is hereby declared unlawful; and every pernm
oi corporation who shall sell,transfer,tran^poit, exchange,
export, or deal in the same, shall be suhjeet to a penalty
of $1,000 for each offense and to a fine not exceeding lhat
sum, and to impusonment for a term not exceeding two
years nor loss than six months. No jeweler, worker or
artificer in gold and silver shall use either of those metals
except it siiall have fir^t been stamped a? afoie^aid, as re-
quired by tlii' act; and cvervviolation of thl« section shall
subject the offender to the penalties contained herein, ho
person or corporation shall take, transport, or cause to be
transported, expmt, or causc to be exported, from the Uni-
ted States any gold or silver in its natural state, uncoined or
unassayed and undamped, as aforesaid ; and iorem-y vio-
lation of this provision every offender shall be subject to
the penalties contained herein i Provided, That the toiegn-
ina subdivision of this section providing for a tax on gold
and silver shall only be in force from aud after sixty days
alt^r the passage of this act.
It will be noticed that this provides all neces-
sary testrictions against the gold^ goingout ot. the
country until a proper tax on it is paid.
It is to be regretted, Mr. Speaker, that not a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means ia
acquainted by experience orobservation with gold
and silver muling, and that thefc are few members
of the House, not more than two or three outside
of the Representatives from the Pacific coast, who
know anything about it. Let me say that it is
the hardest and most poorly requited business in
the country. This is susceptible of P™0/-
can state that although the State of California
has been in need of revenue it has never levied a
dollar of tax up'oii the miners, whereas other em-
ployments in the same localities have paid heavy
taxes, in some instances more than seven per cent,
a year.
