2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
IN SENATE.
- - Tuesday, May 3, 1864.
Prayer-by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
pgimoss AND MEMORIALS.
Mr, COWAN presented a-memorial of agricul-
turists, miners, and manufacturers of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, praying for the enactment of suit-
able laws for the encouragement of foreign immi-
gration; which was referred to the Committee on
Agriculture^
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
Fram.eis A. Gibbons and P. X. Kelley, praying
to be reimbursed for money alleged to have been
advanced arid materials furnished in the construc-
tion of light-houses in California and Oregon in
th,e year 1853; which was referred to the Com-
iriittee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of men and
women of Hartford, Oneida county, New Yo k,
praying for the abolition of slavery, and for such
an amendment of the Constitution as will forever
prohibit its existence in any part of the Union;
which was referred to the select committee on
slavery and freed men.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of men and
women of the United States, praying for the abo-
lition of slavery, and for such an amendment of
the Constitution as will forever prohibit its exist-
ence in any part of the Union; which was referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. FOSTER presented the petition of Mary
C. Hamilton, widow of Captain Fowler Hamil-
ton,United States Army, deceased, praying for
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of medi-
cal officers in the United States service, praying
for an increase in the rank and pay of medical
directors of Army corps and of surgeons serving
under bonds as medical purveyois, equal to that
of chief qviartermastci s and commissaries of Army
corps; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr.WlLLEY presented the petition of Fred-
erick Bauer, in behalf of the German Evangeli-
cal church, of Martinsburg, Virginia, praying for
compensation for the loss of their house of wor-
ship, alleged to have been burned while being
used by Union soldiers; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Baltimore,Maryland, remon-
strating against the abrogation of the reciprocity
treaty between Ihe United States and Great Brit-
ain; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
fie also presented a memorial of the Board of
Trade of Baltimore, Maryland, praying for the
establishment of steam lines between the United
States and the most important commercial marts
ofthe world; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
KKl'OItTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a lull
(8. No. 177) to authorize the construction of a
street railway in the District of Columbia, mid
for other purposes, reported it adversely.
Mr. HARLAN, frotn the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom the subject was referred, re-
ported a bill (8. No. 264) for the disposal of cool
lands, and of (own property m the public domain;
which was rend and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 160) granting
lands to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in theStateofWisconsin, reported a recommend-
ation that the Senate agree thereto. The Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives; and they were agreed
to.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
a bill (II. R. No. 383) to incorporate the " home
for friendless women and children," reported'it
adversely.
Mr. ANTHONY, fiom the Committee on
Punting, to whom was referred a motion toprmt
the petition of George B. Simpson, mventui of
the submarine telegraph cable insulated with gutta
percha, praying that he may be remunerated for
his invention, or that the Commissioner of Pat-
ents may be authorized to rehear his claim, and
adjudicate it upon its merits, reported adversely
thereon. . -
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the action of the
House of Representatives on the Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No..198) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1865, have instructed me to move
that the Senate agree to the amendment of the
text of the original bill proposed by the House
of Representatives, which is the substitution of
one word for another which entirely changes the
sense, the word "Army"having been inserted in
a clause ofthe original bill in place of " arms,"
which would limit the operation of the appropria-
tion very much, and embarrass the Department.
In regard to the amendments of the Senate, in one -
of which the House of Representatives non-con-
curs, the committee recommend that the Senate
insist on its original amendment. Then there
are several amendments concurred in with amend-
ments. The committee recommend that the Sen-
ate disagree to these amendments of the House
of Representatives, insist on our amendments, and
ask for a conference on these subjects.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on agreeing to the amendment pro-
posed by the House of Representatives to the
original text of the bill, which is on page 7, line
eight, to strikeout "Army" and insert " arms,"
and to insert a commaafter " accouterments."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is further
moved that the Senate disagree to the amendments
ofthe House of Representatives to its own amend-
ments, and insist on its own amendments, and ask
fora conference on the disagreeing votes ofthe two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT;)™ tempore. IIow shall the
committee be appointed ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be pursued if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Hen-
derson were appointed conferees on the part of
the Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED,
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
2G5) to expedite and regulate the printing of pub-
lic documents,and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Li.oyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 360) for the prevention and punishment of
frauds m relation to the names of vessels.
The message fuither announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the amendments of the House to
the hill of the Senate (No. 31) making a grant of
lands to the Lake Superior and Mississippi Rail-
road Company in the State of Minnesota to aid
in the construction of the railroad of said com-
pany from St. Paul to Lake Superior.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions; in which it requested the
concurrence ofthe Senate:
A bill (No. 193) for the benefit and better man-
agement of the Indians;
A bill (No. 223) to extinguish the Indian title
to lands in the Territory of Utah suitable for ag-
ricultural and mineral purposes;
A bill (No. 414) for the relief of the estate of
B. F. Kendall; -
A bill (No. 425) for the relief oftheWea, Peoria,
Kaskaskia, and Pfankeshaw Indians, of Kansas;
A bill (No. 441) providing for the removal of
certain stray bands of Indians from the State of
Wisconsin;
A bill (No. 442) to authorize the President of
the United States to negotiate with certain In-
dians of middle Oregon for a relinquishment of
certain rights secured to them by treaty;
A joint resolution (No. 71) for the relief of
Thomas J. Galbraith, of Minnesota; and
A joint resolution (No. 72) relative to pay of
staff officers of the Lieutenant General.
The message furtherannounced thatthe House
of Representatives had passed a resolution re-
questing the Senate to return to the House the
bilH[No. 159) for a grant of lands to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad in said State, and for other pur-
poses, for the purpose of correcting an error in
the engrossment of the bilk
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the_ Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 198) to aid the Indian refugees
to return to their homes in the Indian territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 220) to vacate and sell the
present Indian reservations in Utah Territory,
and to settle the Indians in the Uinta valley, and
A bill (H. R. No. 360) for the prevention and
punishment of frauds iri-relation to the names of
HOUSE BILL RETURNED.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives requesting
the return of the bill of the House (No. 159) for
a grant of lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of a railroad
in said State, and for other purposes; and
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to return the sajd
biil to tile House of Representatives agreeably to its request.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 377) making appropriations for the
payment of the awards made by the commission-
ers appointed under and by Virtue of an act of
Congress entitled "An act for the relief of per-
sons for damages sustained by reason of the dep-
redations and injuries by certain bands of Sioux
Indians," approved February 16, 1863—to the
Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 193) for the benefit and better man-
agement of the Indians—to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 222) to extinguish the Indian title
to lands in the Territory of Utah suitable for ag-
ricultural and mineral purposes—to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
A biil (No. fl4) for the relief of the estate of
B. F. Kendall—to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
A bill (No. 425) for the relief of the Wea, Pe-
oiia, Kaskaskia, and Piankeshaw Indians, of
Kansas—to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 441) providing for the removal of
certain stray bands of Indians from the State of
Wisconsin—to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 442) to authorize the President of the
United States to negotiate with certain Indiansof
middle Oregon for a relinquishment of certain
j rights secured to them by treaty—to the Com-
mittee oil Indian Affairs.
A joint resolution (No. 71) for the relief of
Thomas J. Galbraith,of Minnesota—to the Com-
mittee on Indian Afiairs.
A joint resolution (No. 72) relative to pay of
staff officers of the Lieutenant General—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
CONSTITUTIONAL QUORUM.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate resume
the consideration of the unfinished business of the
'morning houi of yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very anxious to obtain
the decision of the Senate on the question of a
quoium m order to expedite business; and that
is a privileged question, according to the decision
of the late Presiding Officer of the Senate. I trust
the Senator from Wisconsin will allow me to
submit u motion that the Committee on the Ju-
