1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
boys and send them out through the country as
grand speeches ! it is such a farce that I disdain
to enter into" it. It was only when incidentally
I came hero to-day on other business and hap-
pened to hear the same old farrago that I have
heard so often about something t wrote thirteen
years ago, (but just as true now as then,) that I
was induced to ask the floor for a few minutes.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dumont] is
frank enough to say that the quotation from my
hook, which has been rung in my district for the
last seven years, does not favor the political and
social equality of the negro. Nobody butan idiot
or a fool would ever have drawn from the extract
any conclusion looking to negro equality, social-
ly or legally. Nobody but a man utterly insensi-
ble to decent criticism would ever have drawn such
a conclusion. But why, then, does he parade it?
If it proves nothing of that kind, it is meaning-
less as an answer to my remarks against negro
equality and miscegenation. There was no sense
or propriety in the dozen speeches made here pred-
icated upon the extract.
All there was in the quotation was this: the
observation of a young traveler of a phenomenon
which appeared in the Cistine chapel, in Rome,
and which struck him as a remarkable exception
to the general rule as to colored men. He saw
there an Abyssinian of the same color with the
negro, but a different order of being from the
Congo African we have here, for the Abyssinian
is altogether different in mind, body, and chaiac-
ter from our African. He comes from adifferent
stock or type of men. The traveler saw there a
colored man speaking before the dignitaries of
the great Catholic church, and he naturally ex-
pressed his astonishment at such a wonderful
phenomenon, such ''strange admixtures ofsoci-
ety,"just as I would express my astonishment
a* hearing anything decent from the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Grinntell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in order.
Mr. COX. Why did not the Chair call the
gentleman from Indiana to order when he chargcd
indecency upon me? Why was not the gentle-
man fiotn Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] called to order
when, on a former day, in my absence, he used
my own name in connection with pro-slavery
church movements, for which he had no warrant
in fact or in parliamentary decorum?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
will observe the rules.
Mr. COX. 1 will. lam sorry to have been led
into any impropriety of debate.
The "brotherhood" referred to in the book
from which the quotation has been made was the
equality which prevailed in the Roman Catholic
church, and which regarded every man as equal
before God and the priesthood, not any political
or social, much less any amalgamating equality.
I found the solution of the strange phenomenon
in the page of Macaulay. He informs us that in
the Catholic church,and in the middle ages, even
the hereditary villein or slave might become the
spiritual master of the hereditary master. Nor
is this peculiar to that eia. Go to Mobile, whete
slavery still exists, and you will find this same
equality before God, while political and social
inequality of the black and white still remains.
You will rind the black man and his master kneel-
ing before the same altar in the Catholic church,
while, if you should go to New York and visit any
of the canting, hypocritical, pharisaical churches
like Cheever's, you will find that a negro is not
allowed to occupy the same pew with a white
man. I have always had kind feelings for the
. negro in his proper place and conditiun. I never
doubted that the negro bad a soul or that he was
amenable, as well as the white man, to the com-
mon God and Father. That wa^ the point which
the Catholic church might properly recognize It
was the solution 1 gave of the scene in Cistine
chapel. That is what I said in the extiact that
has been paraded here a^am and again, and which
alfoided so much merriment to those who knew
no better.
When I reforied to our Chaplain I referred not
so much to his prayet about a common brother-
hood as to c.eitain prayers of his—looking, as I
conceived, toward amalgamation—carrying out
ideas which I have understood he has heretofore
expressed in the New York Tribune about free
love and free divorcement. You, gentlemen, when
you voted for him might, perhaps, not have been
aware that he held some peculiar notions on this
subject. I would advise them when they vote for
clergymen hereafter to look a little to their ante-
cedents as they do to those of other peo'ple.
But, Mr. Speaker, I did not intend to take up
so much time in regard to so trifling a matter. It
should not have been noticed by me at all, but for
the fact that while here I heard this extiact iter-
ated and reiterated, as if there was something very
funny in it. I know that,the other side of the
House enjoyed it when it was first read by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.] It
seemed then to be an argumentum ad hominem. It
seemed to come back to me as if I were not the
man to make charges about the social and politi-
cal equality-which the leaders of the Republican
party are now urging.
But even if the interpretation given to the ex-
tract were correct it does not refute what I said as
to the amalgamating tendencies of the abolition
party. In proof of these tendencies I quoted from
the men most honored in that party, not from
your strict partisans here in this House or in
office, but from men who made the Republican
party, who inspire its doctrinesand control itsac-
tion, who now lead it,and who being in advance
drag it along as the locomotive drags the cumbrous
tram. These are the men who have helped to drag
the country into ruin and war. They were and
are seditiomsts and destructives. They have
been embroiling South and North,and weakening
the union of these States for thiity years, and, m
connection with the bold, bad men at the South,
precipitated the terrible calamities from which we
are now suffering. It was from these men that I
drew theevidenc.es of the progressive spirit of the
Republican party toward the detested doctrine of
mixing the races as the solution of the trouble
which they have caused.
I did not charge that side of the House with
being amalgamatiomsts. I know that gentlemen
drew such inferences. What 1 did say was that it
would not surprise me to find that party approach-
ing the miscegonating point. Why? Because
wo have found them, m spite of all their protest-
ations to the contrary, within two years coming
up to the point of abolishing slavery in the States,
of establishing political equality between negro
and white, of advocating negro suffrage, creating
negro soldiery and citizenship, of admitting ne-
gioes and whites into the same cars m this city,
and all other measures tending to equalize the
races. Two years ago they never would have
approached such docnines. If they had been
chargcd then with such measures, how indignant-
ly would they have repudiated them ! And I said
that I would not be surprised to find, on the same
principle, two years from now the Republican
party marching up, perhaps reluctantly, to the
full doctrines of miscegenation advocated by Phil-
lips, G-rueley, Ttlton, and others. I could ac-
cumulate proofs as to the recent progress m this
direction which I have received since I made my
speech, but I forbear to do so now.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have .said all that I in-
tended to say of a personal character. 1 ha\esaid
it with good temper. I have not lost my good-
humor by the slang which has been hui led against
me sinco'l spoke before, i dislike personal contro-
versy, and do not indulge in it except when at-
tacked. There are more impoitant matters for
our debates. I am more anxious to hold these
gentlemen to an account for their abolitionism and
its destructive tendencies. It is growing woise
and worse daily. Where will it endr We should
hold that side of the House to an account for
the slanders heaped upon the Democratic party
—a pioud paity, of history and ot patriotism
a paity which has for seventy years kept the
country togeth* r prosnerously and peacefully.
Their slanders agamst'that party lri this House
and elsewhere ate producing a reign of terror
throughout the countiy, and especially m tlm
Northwest. Do gentlemen know the effect of
their speeches against Demociats? Arc they aware
of the fact that the partisan libels here utteied
are circulated so as to pioduce the same ill-will
in the North, between members of the two par-
ties, which they produced between the sections ?
If it go on will it not have the same bloody ca-
tastrophe? Do gentlemen observe the signs at
home* Whenever our furloughcd soldiers come
home they nre filled with your slanders against
Democrats, am!,unde?ihe prompting ofr6aligiiat\t
cowards, they hunt Democrats to their hotnfes*
drag them, as they have in my district, through
the streets, and compel tliem to take an o&th
whose sanctions they have never sought to dis-
honor. True and loyal men have been? thus
treated all through the West. - Under the reign of
lawless mobs printing offices are rifled and de-
stroyed, our people sho.t, our meetings broken
up, our property burned, and every personal-and
political right outraged. Thus hounded on by
your infamous slanders upon the Democratic
party, its members are compelled to band together
for self-protection, and to threaten reprisal and
retaliation as their only safety. What else can
they do when the law and its officers are indiffer-
ent or powerless to save them from insult and
degradation? Before God and the country, you
who have, by your libelous speeches, incited such
conduct, shall be held responsible for all the con-
sequences.
The reaction will come by and by. Indeed it
has begun already. In the little town of Rock
Island, the other day, after a mob had torn down
a Democratic newspaper office there, an election
was held in which a Democratic gain of one hun-
dred and ninety votes was perceptible. A straw,
but it shows which way the tempest will blow.
I have'been promptly and perhaps properly
called to order for my personality in debate to-day.
But why has not the rule been applied to others,
on the other side? We are charged directly and
indirectly, day by day, with disloyalty and trea-
son, but no Chairman calls to order for that. The
crime which includes all other crimes can be
hurled upon us, and we must sit serenely placid
to receive it! How unlike a scene in the Frenclt
Chamberof Deputies but a few weeks ago, where
the opposition only number some twenty or thirty,
but where a minority compelled decency and de-
corum toward itself and from its adversaries. M.
Rouland, the Minister of State, in a reply'to M.
Jules Favre, had charged the latter with "dis-
loyalty," as arrogant members frequently charge
it here. The moment the word was uttered the
whole opposition rose to their feet and protested
against it as unparliamentary. The minisler was
forccd toietract. ThatsmalIoppositionfelt,asM.
Jules Favre said, " We are but a small number in
this inclosure, but we have behind us all France!"
Wc upon this side may yet be taught to emulate
the courageous opposition in the French Cham-
bers, and thus save ourselves from indignityand
our friends at home from insult. Day by d«y
here we have insults like those of the French min-
ister, with the permission of the Speaker, and
without suggestion that it is a violation of parlia-
mentary law. Week after week the foulest im-
putations ate heaped upon the Democratic mem-
bers, charging them with disloyalty and treason,
and we have no recourse except to hurl the slan-
ders back from whence they came. We hud it
to-day from the gentlemen on the other side, i
need not say that such chargesapplied to the Dem-
ocratic paity and its Representatives are false,
throughand through false. The members upon the
other side know it. It is not only in violation of
fair and ordcily debate to make such charges,but
it is leprous with mendacity from top to toe. I
scorn to defend the patriotism of our constituen-
cies. There never was a truer body of men in
any country. They love, as no word of mine can
express it, the Government as made by our fath-
ers; they have never failed in genuine and gen-
cious devotion to the whole country, and to all its
institutions, local and Federal; they number to-
day a million and a half of men. At least that
number voted the Democratic ticket even in the
late elections in the northern States, when, too,
we failed M achieve success; and failed, sir, be-
cause of these very slanders proclaimed in this
House and elsewhere, for which I repeat you shall
be held responsible. They are a people who love
law and order; but if these fail, they will protect
their persons, homes, property, and lives at all
hazards. It makes my blood boil to read the ac-
counts we have from the West; such outrages
as those committed in Greenville, Ohio, but the
other day, when a Democratic press was de-
stroyed, and in Dayton, where a similar attempt
was made, in Lancaster, in northern Ohio, and
other places, all done under the influence of slan-
ders uttered by men following, perhaps, the ex-
ample of the precious member from Iowa—-
