1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will Ob-
serve the rules of order.
Mr. COX. I called him " precious," but I will
take that back.
Mr. GP4NNELL. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to go on, and thatl shall have the op-
portunity to reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
will proceed in order.
Mr. COX. Oh, well; I may as well give up
the floor again to my colleague, [Mr. Bliss.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I object to that. I claim
the. floor.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] yields the floor the Chairawards
it to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Buss] yielded
the floor to his colleague only temporarily.
Mr. COX. I would have accepted in no other
way.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not so
understand it. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] claimed the floor. The Chair asked the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Buss] if he yielded to his
colleague, to which he replied in the affirmative.
The Chair then awarded the floor to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. BLISS. Allow me to say one word. The
Chair asked me if I yielded the floor to my col-
league, and my reply was that I would yield to
him for a few minutes.
Mr. GR1NNELL. I was a party to no such
agreement..
Mr. COX. That was the understanding,
would not have taken the floor from my colleague
upon any other.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not so un
derstnnd it. The gentleman from Iowa is enti
tied to the floov,
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bliss] certainly only temporarily yielded to
his colleague.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair will say that
there must bean understanding stated so that the
Chair can hear it, and stated by the Chair so that
the committee e,an hoar it, before it can be recog-
nized.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr.Buss] states distinctly that he yielded only
upon these conditions.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the gentleman from Ohio make the remark. The
gentleman from Ohio furthest from the ("hair
claimed his light to the floor originally, nnd the
Chair understood his colleague to yield to that
claim.
Mr. IiLISS. I only yielded the floor on the
condition 1 have stated.
Mr. COX. I rise to another question of order.
The gentleman from Iowa has once spoken upon
this question, and is not entitled to the floor while
any other gentleman desires it.
The CHAIRMAN,. The Chair sustains the
point of oider, and would otherwise award the
floor to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bliss]
upon the statement he has made. The gentleman
from Ohio is entitled.to the floor.
Mr. G-1UNNI5LL. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield me the floor for five minutes.
Mr. BLISS. The gentleman from Iowa un-
dertook to take the floor from me by discourtesy,
and I must decline to yield to him.
Mr. GR1NNELL. 1 beg thegentleman toob-
serve that I did not refuse him any courtesy. I
sought the floor, and it was awarded to me bv the
Chair.
Mr. BLISS. I decline to yield the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
CAUSES or THE WAR.
Mr. BLISS. Mr. Chairman, I propose,accord-
ing to the custom of.this House 111 Committee of
the Whole House on the stale of the Union,
to submit some remarks upon the message and
proclamation of the President which were com-
municated to Congress at the commencement of
the prejent session, and to briefly consider some
topics presented theiein, which are of last im-
portance to the millions of people who are repre-
sented upon this floor. The message and proc-
lamation, communicated together, and involving
the same subjects, are substantially one docu-
ment, and in my remarks will be so treated. The
subjects therein presented are such as give rise to
the widest difference of political opinion possible
among our people—a portion of whom, and prob-
ablyamSjority of this body,profess to receive the
present and future policy declared by the Presi-
dent with satisfaction, and some with admiration;
while all rational men,who have not.been indoc-
trinated with the revolutionary views of the so-
called Republican party, contemplate them with
amazement and fear, and well may they tremble
in view of such enormous assumptions of un-
granted power.
The Constitution of the United States, which in
better times was admitted to be the paramount
law of this land, in defining the powers and duties
of the President, provides that—
" He shall from time to time give to the Congress Inform-
ation of the state of the Union, and recommend to their
consideration such measured as lie shall judge necessary
and expedient."
In accordance with this provision of the Con-
stitution many statesmanlike papers, under the
title of message, were by former Presidents com-
municated to Congress, and thence to the people
at large. They exhibited the onward march of an
exceedingly happy and prosperous people toward
the attainmcntof unexampled dignity and power.
In times of peace and in times of war they showed
the admirable working of our wise and beneficent
Government. The well-adjusted powers of the
Constitution were found to be sufficient for every
national emergency. The Chief Magistrate had
no occasion for the exercise of even doubtful pow-
ers. His refreshing to withdraw us far as pos-
sible, for o brief space, our contemplations from
the present condition to read anew those glowing
descriptions of the country's prosperity. But
those halcyon days of the Republic are past, and
a message of a different type now claims our con-
sideration.
The Piesident is not required to inform Con-
gress of the facts as to the condition or integrity
of what was once the Union—its broken fragments
are as visible to us as to him—but the duty of his
office is, by the application of the wisdom and
statesmanship which his position guaranties that
he shall possess, to advise the legislative depart-
ment and the people of the best and surest means
of rescuing the country from a terrible dilemma
in which it has no aid of pastexperience; to show
the means, if such there be, by which that Union
to which the Constitution calls his attention, and
which has crumbled under his guardianship, may
be restoted. I do not call upon the President to
give a history of the concatenated circumstances
winch h'd to the dissolution. I do not think that
it would be a pleasant task for him to write the
nanative, nor do I think it would be sufficiently
authentic when written.
It would be profitable, however, for us all to
pause and consider the causes which have brought
our country to its present unfortunate condition,
and to arise from the reflection with a solemn
purpose to recognize the instructive truths of our
history, and, without party passion or selfish-
ness, which we cannot affoid to indulge in these
times, to set ourselves by common consent about
the woik of replacing the Government upon its
old foundations, to the end tlmtitsold prosperity
may revive.
There is no difficulty in dctcrminingthe source
of the evil. It is the temporary success in the
councils of the nation of principles and policy
which arc in irreconcilable antagonism to the
Government. Upon that antagonism the present
Administration came into power, and thus it may
be seen what force has begotten, u purpose to
change the principles of the Governmentmto con-
formity to the notions and advantages of a suc-
cessful party. If an intelligent stranger desired
to discover the root of our national difficulties, he
would naturally inquire into the history, charac-
ter, and action of the political parties into which
our people have been divided. He would readily
ascertain that the party called Democratic had
administered the Government with great success
from its early years,and with but little interrup-
tion, and had on all occasions adhered strictly to
the letter and spirit of the Constitution, and se-
cured to the nation the blessings which, faith-
fully supported, it was competent to bestow. On
the other hand, he would learn the history of a
party of perpetual opposition, constantly vilify-
ing the administration of Jefferson, Madison,
Monroe, Jackson, and of the later Democratic
Presidents, chameleonizing itself as- often as its
inflexible purpose of opposition required. He
would learn also how all opposition to that party
was unavailing while anything like the true prin-
ciples of the Constitution and Government were
acknowledged; and this research would bring
him down with the current of events to about 1 he
time of the Chicago convention, where form and
effectwere given to theanti-democraticsentiment
to achieve a victory over the principles of the Con-
stitution and to verify the apprehensions of our
great statesman,now gone, whorin words as true
as inspired prophecy, foretold the dangers of a
sectional party's success. And there 1 leave the
supposed inquirer with his conclusion to be in-
ferred .
In the year of our Lord 1860, a party recently
yclept Republican assembled in convention at
Chicago to nominate a candidate for the Presi-
dency of the United States That memorable con-
vention was composed of specimens of all the dis-
integrated factional organizations, which, under
too many names to be here recited, had heretofore
been fighting against the gallant and successful
Democracy. The newly aggregated party was
strong, in numbers and dangerous in its reckless
aspiration for success. Itwassaidbyamaximist
of the olden time, that the honest men of a nation
were too strong for the rogues; but he lived in too
early an age to sec thedemonstrationsof our later
times. That convention perceived theimprudence
of placing in nomination any man who had been
conspicuous in his opposition to the great prin-
ciples which had so often been sustained by the
people at the ballot-box in the defeat of their can-
didates. They had learned shrewdness by expe-
rience, and following its suggestions, ignored the
claims of their statesmen, who, in their extensive
dealing in political affairs, now made records by
which they might be judged. So the hopes of
our learned Secretary of State and of the accom-
plished Secretary of the Treasury, whose back
only is green while his head is supposed to be ripe,
both of whom it was understood aspired to the
nomination, were adjudged to be too conspicuous
to insure success; and this I give as a part of the
solution of the problem of the presidential milk
in the Lincoln cocoanut.
The effective element employed in the campaign
was anti-slavery—unmixed and unadul teiated ab-
olitionism—-looking to no consequenccs, except
to defy them, embarrassed by none of the ordinal y
questions of State policy or political economy.
Reason and argument were to be conquered by
concentrated fanaticism.
When the struggling Democrats cried out for
Douglas and the Union, and admonished them
that their success as a sectional party arrayed ill
deadly hostility to the constitutional rights of the
southern States would lead to the disruption of
the Union, they returned only scoffs for answer,
and stimulated their idolatry by worshiping short
pieces of rails as the veritable rails which their
candidate had split.
When the unfortunate rupture occurred in the
Charleston convention, the Republicans hailed
the event with great joy as a harbinger of their suc-
cess. What effect it might have upon the stability
of the Union was with them an inferior consider-
ation; they only contemplated its effect upon the
election.
Under these circumstances, which are well
known to the country, the Chicago nominee was
elected by a minority vote of the people of the
United States. That his election was a triumph
of northern sectional principles is none the less •
true because it might have been prevented by the
cordial coaction of the southern with tho north-
ern Democrats. That coaction was prevented
by the supposed permanent predominance of ab-
olitionism in the North. Nearly all of the free
States were under Republican rule, and hod en-
acted legislation against the constitutional rights
of the youth. It must be admitted, because it is
true, that the arrogant and unlawful invasions of
the predominating party in the North had led the
southern people to believe that under that pre-
dominance they could by no possibility enjoy the
guarantied privilege of the Constitution. In this
they were undoubtedly right, but they were wrong
in the belief that the conservative principles of the
Democracy were prostrated beyond the hope of
