30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
free, thank God, they can never again be made
slaves.
Mr. President, a word or two more, and I shall
have done. Having all proper confidence in the
honesty of the Presidentofthe United States—if it
may noteven be considered asdisrespectful to him
to assert that he is honest; he cannot well be other-
wise—I have said that I doubted exceedingly,and
that doubt has not been removed, his authority
to issue the proclamation declaring the freedom of
slaves throughout the rebellious States named in
the proclamation. I doubt the authority; and I
would not have adopted the policy which he has
adopted j because I thought it would be, and I think
it has been, productive of no practical good result.
Slaves that may be brought within the power of
the United States by its armies are free, not un-
der the proclamation, but by laws paramount to
the proclamation. The slaves who may not have
been within the scope of the military powerofthe
United States, and may not be found within that
scope at the period when the Union may be re-
stored to its original condition, will not be made
free, in myjudgment, by virtue of that proclama-
tion; and the President of the United States in his
recent message, and in his declaration of amnesty
with which the message concludes, seems rather
to be of that opinion, or rather he states hypo-
thetically thatit may turn outaftcrall that his proc-
lamation was of no avail; and he, therefore, and
as I think very properly—I would have gone to
a gi eater extent than he hag done; it is not neces-
sary in this connection to state to what extent I
would have gone—has stated in his proclamation
of amnesty that the question of the effect of the
acts of Congress of confiscation, and the effect
of the acts Congress has passed in relation to the
institution of slavery and the use of slaves in
the armies and navies of the United States, and
the effect of his own proclamations in tlx; past and
in the present, is to be left finally, at last, first to
such legislation as Congress may hereafter think
proper to adopt, and secondly to the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States.
Sir, it may not be amiss, in the condition in
which we find the country, to say—and the letters
to which I refer are now in the possession of the
President, placed there by myself—that I have two
letters from two of the largest slaveholders in the
State of Mississippi, men holding from a thousand
to two thousand .slaves, making a clear income of
some one hundred and fifty or two hundred thou-
sand dollars, written with solicitude, begging me
j:o see the President upon the subject, in which
they have stated substantially, both agreeing in
the statement, that Mississippi—that State which
its once favored son has so ruined, to every house
in which he has brought calamity unspeakable,
upon every foot of whose soil he has brought deso-
lation—would return by a very large majoiity to
the Unton if that proclamation could be suspended,
could be recalled, could be modified, and that she
would agree, by the same overwhelming vote, to
pass a law for the prospective and gradual aboli-
tion of slavery within her limits. Sir, the people
have grown wiser than they were before. The
opinion of one is offered, as I am upon that sub-
ject, and entitled to no particular weight; but I
have some little pride in remembering that when
I had before the honor of a seat in this body, in
1847, when I paiticipated in a debate relating to
tins very subject of slavery, 1 stated what 1 had
ever believed from the time I was able to read and
to think—that it was an institution which could
not be defended, if the question was whether it
should be introduced among us, either upon moral
or Christian grounds,and still less upon economi-
cal grounds. It is the dearest labor known, cer-
tainly in those slaveholding States in which free
white labor can be employed.
But, Mr. President, participating as I do in the
desue of my friend, the honorable member fiom
Kentucky, that this rebellion should be airested
and the Union restored, much as I question and
deny the power of the Congress of the United
States, and of course the power of the President, '
to interfere with slavery in the States, except in
the contingencies to which f have adverted, I
would see the institution arrested at once, let the
country he subjected to all the present calamities
which 1 think would flow from the abolition of the
institution in all these Slates for a time, rather
than see this rebellion live an hour longer, i go
further, even further than the honorable member
from Kentucky. He has stated that deep as is
his conviction that the rebellion should be sup-
pressed, that the honor of the nation demands it,
that the power and the happiness of the people
invoke it, yet he would not like to see it done pro-
vided any of the grand securities of liberty 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator from
Maryland permit me to correct him?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. He misconceives my position.
It was this: 1 asserted, and I now reiterate it,
that sooner than our system of constitutional gov-
ernment and liberty should be overthrown perma-
nently by the usurpations of the Executive, I
would rather risk a separation, or any other event.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the honorable
member differently. I understood the honorable
member as saying, speaking with reference to
the actions of the Executive and of Congress,
which he designated—and I am not prepared to
say that he designated them impropeily—as in
some respects unconstitutional and destructive of
liberty for a time, that he would not submit to
them; he would rather let rebellion go on. I stand
corrected,. I was about to say, Mr. President,
that I would see them suspended during the whole
of this rebellion if I believed their suspension was
necessary to bring about the destruction of the
rebellion and the restoration of the Union. The
honorable member agrees with me. I know, we
nil know, 1 have reason to know it more partic-
ularly in my own State, that some acts are being
done by the Executive, or under the apparent
protection of the Executive, to my mind exceed-
ingly objectionable, because exceedingly tyran-
nical; but upon that account I shall not raise my
voice in this Chamber or my arm elsewhere for
the purpose of weakening the poweis of the Gov-
ernment in the accomplishment of the great end
that we all have at heart, the suppression of the
rebellion. The time will come, that end accom-
plished, when the Constitution will be returned
to us in all its original excellence, and the men
who have thought proper, without necessity, to
violate it, will be called upon to account for such
violation; but until that time does come I pray to
God that we may with one heart and one voice
unite in planting the whole physical and moral
power of the Government to put an end now and
forever to this embarrassing, unprovoked, un-
reasonable attempt to destroy this Government,
the freest and happiest ever vouchsafed to man,
and, by destroying it, perhaps to destroy forever
constitutional liberty itself.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, do I understand
that the honorable Senator from Maryland assumes
as a principle of our Government that the pre-
amble to the Constitution establishes and confers
any power upon the Government? That ques-
tion has been expressly before the Supreme Court
of the United States, and it has received this in-
terpretation, that the preamble neither creates nor
confers any power whatever, but only points to
the ends for which the powers that are vested by
the body of the Constitution itself are to be exe-
cuted. The honorable Senator, I presume, will
notdeny that that principle has been so announced
by the Supreme Court. [Mr. Johnson nodded
assent.] The honorable Senator adverted to the
difference between great men and statesmen on
the question of the poweis vested m the execu-
tive department, and that difference, if I recollect
aright, first sprang up in a series of published
papers between Messrs. Hamilton and Madison,
over the signatures of Helvidius and Pacificns,
and that are appended to the ordinary editions of
the Federalist; Hamilton maintaining that a gen-
eral, indefinite executive power was vested by the
Constitution of the United States in the President.
Mr. Madison contended that it was only the exec-
utive power that was named and established by
the Constitution which was vested in the Piesi-
dent. Do I understand the honorable Senator
from Maryland that he takes the position of Mr.
Hamilton in relation to that mooted question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I propound this further
question to the honorable Senator; is it riot the
right, is it not the business and duty of every in-
telligent man in the United States to know the
principles and powers of his Government, and
how those pnnciplesand powers aredivided, and
to what depai tmentsand office is they are assigned,
how much and what powers vested in all and each
oner Then I ask him, with his assent to the po-
sition of Mr. Hamilton, to inform me and the peo-
ple how and where we can learn the number, na-
ture, and extent of the powers of the President.
He refers to this language of the Constitution,
44 the executive power shall be vested m a Piesi-
dentof the United States of America," and ar-
gues that this language imports a more extensive
investment of power than is conferred by the
Constitution on Congress, as the language used
for the latter purpose is, "all legislative powers
herein granted shall be vested in Congress," &c.
"The executive power" cannot mean all the ex-
ecutive powers of all the Governments, free, lim-
ited, anddespotic, of the whole world, ancientand
modern. According to the Senator's principle, I
ask him if it is the executive power of the Grand
Seignior, or of the Czar of Russia, of the Emperor
of Austria, or of the then King of Fiance, of
George HI, or of the republic of Switzerland, or
of ail combined, that our Constitution vests in the
President? The words, " the executive power,"
clearly, to my mind,point to some certain and def-
inite executive power. Thegreatmen who formed
our Constitution, so full of experience and wisdom,
would never have established as broad and illim-
itable, or as vague and indefinite a power, as that
contended for by the Senator. The language, "the
executive power," to my mind, clearly points to
some particular and defined executive power; oth-
erwise in a Government of limited powers gener-
ally, and in which those vested in the other de-
partments are limited by particularenumeration,
the powers vested in the chief executive officer
would be unlimited. " The executive power" re-
fers to and means that to be established by the
Constitution, also by enumeration. It compre-
hends that amount of and those executive poweis;
and that it means nothing more is further con-
firmed by the provision that—
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessaiy and pioperfor cairjing into exe-
cution the foregoing powers, and all other power© veiled
by this Constitution in the Government of the United Status,
oi in any department or officer theieof."
And this position is further confirmed by the
tenth amendment, in these words:
" Tiie powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people."
The oppressions of the American colonies
were principally from the king; and the idea
that soon aftertheirlongstruggleagainst anenor-
mousexecutive power, the great men whofiamed
our Constitution should clothe our Executive
with general, undefined, and unlimited executive
power seems to me to be utterly preposterous.
Mr. President, I dissent wholly from the posi-
tions of the honorable Senator from Maryland.
I avow that all the powers of the United States
Government are conferred by its Constitution,
and that there are no powers vested in that Gov-
ernment, or in any of itsdepartments orofficers,
except such as are conferred by the language of
that Constitution. The Supreme Court have as-
serted that principle in more than a score of cases.
It was the principle of Hamilton, and Madison,
and Jay, and the men who formed the Constitu-
tion, and whose triumphant vindication of its
principles and provisions to give liberty, security,
and self-government to the American people, in-
duced its adoption by the conventions of the
several States. I maintain, with all due respect
to the ability and fame of the honorable Senator,
that his principle in relation to that power U emi-
nently heretical and dangerous, and was so pro-
nounced by Mr. Madison, who was said to be
the Father of the Constitution.
There is a difference between us toto ccelo in re-
lation to other points and principles adverted to
by the honorable Senator; and I will now state
one of them: the power of declaring war in Great
Btitain, and in the despotic Governments of Eu-
rope, is an executive power. In our Government
it is legislative, and vested expressly m Congress,
and the Executive in no degree shares it with
Congress. In England, the power to support
armies is a legislative power; but to raise armies
is an executive power. In our country, both are
changed to legislative powers, expressly vested
m Congress; and the President has no right to
touch them, and he cannot without, usurpation.
The power to recognize a state of case where
the execution of the laws is resisted to such a de-
gree as to require the interposition of military
