2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
let it go over until to-morrow morning, I shall
Mve no objection to its consideration then and to
a prompt decision of the question by the Senate.
My object is not delay; but I merely want the
arguments for and against this important proposi-
tion again-reproduced and presented in a concise
form 10 the Senate and the country. 1 suggest
that it be postponed to and made the special order
for to-morrow at a quarter after twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky submit that motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; I move that the further
consideration of the resolution be postponed to
and made the special order for to-morrow at a
quarter after twelve o'clock.
Mr.-SHERMAN. 1 am never disposed to
press any gentleman toavote on a question when
ne is not prepared for it; and at the suggestion of
some Senators around me, with the understanding
that the resolution be made the special order for to-
morrow athalf past twelve o'clock, I will consent
to a postponement.
Mr. HOWE. The motion of the Senator from
Kentucky is to postpone it until a quarter after
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
agree to that; but 1 hope we shall then dispose of
the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS OP WISCONSIN.
Mr. HOWE. I now move that the Senate
Croceed to the consideration of the unfinished
usiness of the morning hour of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whoie,proceeded to the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (S. No. 8) for
the relief of the State of Wisconsin, the pending
question being on the adoption of the amendment
reported from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
suppose it is possible to call the attention of Sen-
ators to this question, although it involves a great
deal of money, f noticed yesterday when the
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
was speaking, that, with the exception of the
Senators from Wisconsin, I believe I was the only
Senator who attended to what he said, so that the
argument oA that side of the question was not
heard, and I presume this will fare no better.
Still, I feel inclined to do what I can to call the
attention of the Senate to it a little further.
It is true that the Territory of Wisconsin or-
ganized a company to open a canal to connect
the waters of Lake Michigan with those of llock
river; and that company was authorized to apply
to Congress to get a grant of land for the purpose
of aiding in opening that canal. The Congress
of the United States, it seems from the act grant-
ing this land, were of opinion that it was advisa-
ble to do it for the benefit of the United States,
as well as for the benefit of the canal company
itself. They expected to derive a benefit from it
in two ways: first, in having the canal for use;
and in the next place, probably, in increasing the
value of their land. They granted, therefore, the
alternate sections of land, and made these pro-
visions:
"■ Provided, That the >:ini ennal. when '•ompli'tprt, and
tilt: braneheti thereof, shall lie anil forever roinum it public
highway, fur the lite ol the Government of the Uniteil
Ktnies, free from nny toll or other eli:u?i: wlintevui lor any
[Hoprity of (he United Ktatcs. or prrMHis in their st'ivu'i-,
p.iisinf.' tinousjh tlio *am(;: Provided, Tli.u ciul main canal
fhall lie commenced within three year*, and completed in
ten years, or the United Slates -hull be mulled to receive
the amount for which any of said land tnayhavebcen pre-
viously sold, and that the title to purchasers under the Ter-
ritory shall be valid."
Thus the United States parted with the land
and made a provision to secure to themselves the
results of the sale of the land if the canal was not
completed within ten years. It seems from these
two provisos that the United States were induced
to grant these lands for the benefit that they ex-
pected to derive in using the canal free for then-
own purposes,and made it a condition that they
should receive back the money for which the
lands might be sold if the canal was not com-
menced within three years and finished within ten.
Then, in the sixth section, they further provide:
" Til at tiie said .State of Wisconsin"—
Not yet a State at that time—
"shall he held re-ponsiltle to the United States, and for
the payment into tho'I'iea-uiy thereof, of the amount of all
Hume)* teceivtd upon tlio hdle of tin' whole ot any pan of
said lands, at the price at wli Ich the stome shall bo sold, not
loss than $9-50 per aero, if tlio said main canal shall not
be commenced within thiee yearn and completed within
ten years pursuant to the provisions of the act cieating
said canal corporation."
And then came the seventh section:
" That, in order to reader efficient the provisions of this
act, th<*Legislature of the State to be erected or admitted
out of tin; tciritory now comprised in Wisconsin Tctritory,
east of the Mississippi, shall give their assent to the same
by act to be duty passed."
It is contended here that as the State of Wis-
consin never did give its " assent to the same by
act" of the Legislature, it is therefore not at all
responsible, and the reportis predicated upon that
idea. The simple facts as I understand them were
these: the Territory of Wisconsin became under
that act substantially the trustee of these lands; it
went on and made sales; individuals connected
with the corporation put into the work a certain
amount of their own funds; they were to receive
the benefit. It seems, however, from the state-
ments made, about which there is no dispute, that
after a while the Territory became rather tired of
the business and was disposed to appropriate these
lands to its own use to stop the operation, and a
petition was sent to Congress substantially to that
effect, but Congress under a report—a very able
one, as has been properly said—made by the
present Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,]
then a member of the House of Representatives,
which demonstrated the injustice of that proceed-
ing so far as the canal was concerned and those
who were interested in its construction, decided
against that application, and the project fell
through. The territorial authorities, however,
according to thestatement, about which I suppose
there is no dispute, went on and sequestrated the
proceeds of these lands, so far as the sales were
concerned, to the use of the Territory, but they
did it under certain resolutions passed by them
which arc stated at length in the report. I will
read them:
u llesohed hxj the Council and House of Representatives of
the Territory of Wisconsin, That tin: receiver of the canal
lands shall pay over lo the treasurer of the Territory all
moneys whirh may arise ft 0111 any sale of the canal lands,
except the Mini which shall he reipmed to dohay the ex-
penses of the >ale?and the said trea-nner is hereby author-
ized to leceive the same; and the said trea-urer oi the
Territory ot Wiseon-in is hereby required to execute to the
Goveinoi of the Temtoiy and ins successors m office, tor
the use of the Terntory or future State of Wisconsin, a
bond m the penal muii of .^(^OUO, to be approved by the
Governor, conditioned for the faithful discharge of his
duties as treasmer.
" Resolved, That,the money thus received Into the treas-
uiy of the Teintoiy shall be liable tor -ill debts due tiom
said Teiritory, and the said tieasurer is heieby authorized
to pay and discharge the same in the same manuei and for
the same pui poM's as any other money in >aid treasury.
" Resolved, That the money mi received shall he liable
to be, and much thereof as shall be necessary is hereby,
appiopuated lo the paymentof the expenses of holding the
convention to torin a constitution tor the State of Wiscon-
sin the current year, and may be paid out in such manner
as the convention shall provide,
" Resolved, That the iaith of the Territoiy and future
State of Wisconsin is hereby pledged to repay If) the «uid
canal tund the stun which s-hall be diveited m pui^uance
of' the above resolutions to the purposes aforesaid, wheu-
evei the -*auie shall he required to be repaid, lor the purpose
of executing the tru-t cieated by Confess in making the
' canaUiiantj' and ail law  couuuvenmg these ate hereby
lepealod."
The report and (ho remarks made by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana draw a distinction be-
tween the Territory and the State of Wisconsin.
They assume that the State js not liable under the
act of 1838, because it never passed the act assuming
this obligation on which alone it was to be liable.
That may dispose of the obligation technically
under the sixth section of that act; but then the
question arises what the equitable claim is first
between the State which has received these funds
and the Congress of the United States; and then,
what the obligation is between the corporation 'and
Congress, representing the Government, which
lias parted with Jts party for a specific purpose.
[ am unable, so far as this equitable obligation is
concerned, to see the distinction that is attempted
to be drawn in the argument of the honorable
Senator fiom Indiana,between the Territory and
the State. With a change of name, it is the same
person. The money was received by the Terri-
tory and went to the benefit of the Territory;
consequently it went to the benefit of the State
when the State became such, and the distinction
that is attempted to be drawn, although it may
apply to the technical law, is very misplaced, so
far as it applies to the equity of the case, I think,
I cannot on any principle understand how the
State which was made out of the Territory, and
which has through the Territory received all the
benefits of the fund, is to be distinguished from
the Territory itself. It is introducing what to me
would seem to be a new principle. It may be
illustrated in this way: if I incur a pecuniary
obligation by the receipt of money belonging to
another person, and go to the Legislature and
get my name changed, the equitable obligation
remains on me no longer to pay the money, ac-
cording to the argument! i cannot understand
the force of it. But here in these resolutions
under which this fund was appropriated and per-
verted to other purposes, taken out and used, is
a specific obligation to pay back to the canal fund
the money that they thus perverted—for what pur-
pose? because that is left out of the argument of
the honorable Senator from Indiana—for the pur-
pose of executing the trust; that is, completing the
canal, and not to appropriate it for any other pur-
pose, or to repay it for any other purpose.
I am merely stating the facts, and all the argu-
ments, in my judgment, arise on the facts stated.
Then the question arises: this money having been
thus appropriated, Wisconsin applied to be ad-
mitted as a State, and in her application to be ad-
mitted as a State she asked permission to sell the
portion of these lands which were unsold, and to
use the proceeds for certain specific purposes, and
to have them counted as a part of her five hun-
dred thousand acrcs of land granted by the act of
1841, and to appropriate the five per cent, fund
for the use of schools. Congress was asked to
assent to that arrangement and Congress gave its
assent. It was a petition of the Slate itself that
it might be so, as one of the articles of admission.
What did Congress say? They say they do as-
sent to it, but they say in assenting:
uPioiidedy That the liabilities incurred by the territorial
government of Wisconsin under the act entitled 'An act
to grant a quantity of land to the Territory of Wisconsin
for the purpose of aiding in opening a canal to connect the
wateis of Lake Michigan with tho&e of Rock river,3 here-
mbefoie referred to, shall be paid and discharged by the
State of Wisconsin."
Now, the argument is that when we passed that,
all the obligation that was upon the Territory was
simply to repay the amount of money that might
be due to the canal company, to repay what they
had advanced; that whatever the individual stock-
holders had put in should be repaid to them,and
that they should be freed entirely from the obli-
gation to complete the canal; that no one was to
account to the Government for the money received
from the sale of the lands, when the express lan-
guage of the resolution of the Territory ,was that
the fund diverted should be repaid for the purpose
of completing the contract that was entered into;
and now the State of Wisconsin having received
the money, having sold the land, having put the
money into her treasury, comes forwaid here and
says substantially*: "The obligation of the Terri-
tory was just to make good to these stockholders
what they may have expended, and to make noth-
ing good to the Government of the United States,
arising from the fact that the canal has never been
completed" 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator to call up the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, which is now before
the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. What is the unfinished busi-
ness ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is the joint resolution appropriat-
ing $25,000,000 to pay for one hundred days' vol-
unteers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is hardly worth
while to defer that; I suppose we can take a vote*
on it at once.
Mr. HOWE. Let this be settled. I move to
postpone the unfinished business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not the slightest
objection to going on, and so far as I am person-
ally concerned I should prefer to finish what I
have to say now; but in regard to the question
which was up yesterday on which we were tak-
ing the yeas and nays and the Senate were di-
viding on the main question, I think it is best to
settle that.
Mr. HARLAN. I would prefer that the Sen-
ator from Maine be permitted to make his argu-
ment, but I do not wish the vote to be taken on
the main question to-day. I desire to examine
