1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8029
say a word. It was supposed that these lands
had been offered at public sale in 1839, but upon
an examination of the books of the General Land
Office they did not agree with the hooks in the
register's office in Missouri, and it was ascer-
tained that they had not, in fact, been offered at
public sale, and therefore were not subject to pri-
vate entry, and not subject to the graduation lav/,
and no steps have ever been taken by the Gen-
eral Land Office to bring them into market; there-
fore they were not in fact subject to the gradua-
tion entry, and the General Land Office would
not confirm these entries. Under the circumstances
the committee were of opirion that it would be
favorable legislation to thesn parties to allow them
to enter the landsat$l 25 fn acre and not subject
them to competition at public sale* in view of
the fact that they are actual settlers, it is not an
amendment of much con jequence, but any amend-
ment at this stage of the session will endanger its
passage in the other House. If the Senate think
proper to allow the b'H to pass without the amend-
ment, I have very little concern about it. I
thought the amendment was a proper one.
Mr. HARLAN. In order that this matter may
be fully understood by Senators who have not
examined tho case, I think it ought to be stated
that these lands were never in market; they were
never subject to sale at public outcry to the high-
est bidder, nor were they subject to entry at $1 25
an acre. They have not been offered at any time.
They have been lying there until they were sur-
rounded by settlements; but have been surveyed,
•And in other respects would besubjcct to the grad-
uation law if they had once been offered. These
parhes now seek to enter them at twelve and a
mlf cents an acre. It did not appear to the com-
mittee that those lands were embraced properly
within the purview of the graduation law.
Mr. BROWN. I will state to the Senator that
the lands were settled upon and occupied for some
time under the impression that they came under
the graduation law. It was only upon the dis-
covery of this defect that application was made
to Congress to correct the title.
Mr. HARLAN. But the graduation law was
enacted originally on the ground that lands which
had been in market and subject to sale at private
entry for a series of years and had not been en-
tered were probably lands of an inferior quality
and would not sell at £1 25 an acre. Ilence they
were graduated at §1 75, fifty cents, twenty-five
cents, and twelve and a half cents, depending on
the number of years they had been exposed to
sale at $1 25 an acre and had remained unsold.
These lands never were subjected to that test.
If the amendment proposed by the committee
should prevail, it would confer on these parties
the right of preemptors, the right to take them
at $1 25 an acre without involving the necessity
of competing in the market with other parties who
might be willing to give more than 25 an acre.
No facts came to the knowledge of the committee
to justify them in the conclusion that these lands
were not worth gl 25 an acre. The lands have
been kept in the nature of a reservation; have
been excluded from sale, and hence I am very
clear in my own mind that they ought not to be
sold at twelve and a half cents an acre, and that
it is a favor to the parties to permit them to enter
them as preemptors at $1 25 an acre.
Mr. BROWN. I think the Senator from Iowa
is mistaken as to the value of the lands and as to
the fact of their being held as a reservation. It
was simply a defect that amounts to a reserva-
tion; it was not the ideain which they were held,
because they are just like all the surrounding lands
winch were occupied, anditwassimply&clerical
etror by which they were not. They have been
occupicd now under the graduation bill; and un-
der the idea that this was the case the parties ask
simply to have this error corrected and their en-
tries confirmed. I .am more desirous that the
amendment shall not be put upon the bill because
it amounts to a very trifling sum, and it may de-
feat the bill if it goes back to the House of Rep-
resentatives. It is a long-delayed act of justice
to these parties in which their titlesare involved.
They are poor persons, and I am anxious to get
the matter settled for them. . . . , ,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps it is right that
I should say, in connection with the remarks of
the Senator from Missouri, that the settlers acted
upon the infoimotion th*u they derived from the
books of the local land office. The books of the
local land office showed a public sale, but the
books in the General Land Office showed the fact
that they had not been offered at public sale, and
the settlers acted on the information they derived
from the local office.
Mr. HARLAN. It will be observed that this
is a general bill and it may embrace any quan-
tity of land. It is not confined to the few cases
the Senator from Missouri has in his mind, but
is a general law and may sweep thousands and
tens of thousands of tracts of land in its purview.
The PRESIDENT pro tenppore. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken,resulted—yeas 19, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Chandler, Clark, Da-
vis, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Ham?, Hen-
dricks,Hicks, Johnson, Morgan, Sprague.Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, and Van Winkle—39.
NAYS — Messrs. Brown, Buckalcw, Conness, Dixon,
Grimes, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Nesmith,
Powell, Ramsey, Richardson, Riddle, SauUbury, Wade,
Willey, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Cowan, Fessenden, Hard-
ing, Henderson, Howard, McDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Sherman, Sumner, Wilkinson, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in." The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the
bill to be read a third tim&. The bill was read
the third time, and passed.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, ^liat twenty thousand copies of the report on
agriculture be printed for the use of the Senate.
0. SCOriELD'S court-martial.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secfftaty of the Navy be directed to
transmit to the Senate copics of the proceedings and find-
ings in the case of C. W. Scofield, a naval contractor, be-
fore a naval court-martial now or lately in session In the
city of New York.
ARMY NEVTS.
The PRESIDENT jji-o tempore laid before the
Senate the following communication from the
War Department:
War Department,
June 17, 1S64, 9^ o'clock a. m.
Sir: Hie following dispatches have been received by
i this Department:
City Potn?, Virginia, June 15,
via Jamestown Island, 5 30 a. m. June 16,1&64.
£mlth with fifteen thousand men attacked Petersburg
this morning. General Butler reports from his observatory
near Bennuda Hundred that there has been sharp fighting,
and that the ttoops and trains of the enemy were, as he
writes, moving across! the Appomattox as if retreating.
Hancock is not near enough to render General Smith any
aid. The Richmond papers have nothing to indicate a
suspicion of our cios-shir the Jame« river. They expect to
be attacked from the direction of Malvern Hili.
City Point, Virginia,
June 15, 1864, 7.30 p.m.
j Our latest report from Smith was at 4.04 p. m. He had
i carried a line of intrenchments at Beatty1s House, the
! colored troops assaulting and carrying the rifle-pits with
I cieat gallantly, but he had not yet carried the main line.
! [Ie describes the rebel artillery fire as very heavy. He ex-
! pected to assault this line just before dark. Hancock is
j within thiee miles of Smith.
City Point, Virginia., 7 a. m., June 16,18G4,
via JiMtsiuw.n I&land, 11.43 a. m.
At 7.20 p. m. yepteulay, Smith astaulted and carried the
principal line ol the enemy before Petersbuig, taking thir-
teen cannon, several stands of colors, and between three
and four hundred piisoner?. This line is two miles fiom
poreisburg. IJancock got up&nd took position on Smith's
left at 3 a. m. to-day. There was heavy firing m that di-
rection from 5 to 6. No repoit yet.
Doxthard Laswto. "Virginia,
1 p. m., June 10,1864.
After sending my dispatch of this morning from the
heights southeast of Petersburg, I wentovertheconquered
lines with Gencial Grant and the engineer officers. Ihe
works are of the very strongest kind, more difficult even to
take than was Missionary Ridge, at Chattanooga. The
harde&t fighting was done by the black troops. The forts
they stormed were, I think, the worst of all. After the
affair was over, General Smith went to thank them and tell
them he was proud of their courage and dash. He says
they cannot be exceeded as soldiers, and that horeafterhe
will send them in a difficult place as readily as the best
white troops. They captured six out of the sixteen cannon
which he took. The prisoners he took were from Beaure-
gard's command. Some of them said theyhad justcrossed
the James above Drury's Bluff. I do not think any df
Lee's auny had reached Peteisburg when Smith stormed
it. They seem to be there this morning, however, and to
be making arrangements to hold the west side of the A ppo-
mattox. The town they cannot think of holding, for It lies
directly under our guns. The weather continues splendid.
City Poimt, Virginia, June 16, 4.15 p. m.,
via Jamestown, 11.45 p. in,
General Butler reports from Bermuda Hundred that the
enemy have abandoned the works in front of that place.
His troops are now engaged in tearing up the railroad be-
tween Petersburg and Richmond.
The following dispatch does not designate the hour, but
it is supposed to be later than the preceding ones:
Jamestown, Virginia, June 16,1864.
I came down from tlie pontoon above Fort Powhatan
with dispatches for Secretary Stanton. Just as I left Cap-
tain Pilkin reported to me that Petersburg was in our pos-
session.
Nothing of a recent date has been hoard from General
Sheridan, but the Richmond Whig of the 15th contains a
dispatch fiotn General Lee stating that Sheridan had been
routed in an engagement with FitzLeeand Hampton, losing
five hundred prisoners, and leaving his dead and wounded
on the field.
From General Sherman, a dispatch dated last night at 9
p. m. lias been received. It only states the relative position
of the forces. No serious engagement had yet occurred.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of Way.
Hon, Dajjiei, Clark,
President pro tempore United States Senate.
PUNISHMENT OF GUERRILLAS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the House
bill (No. 511) to provide for the more speedy pun-
ishment of guerrillas, and for other purposes.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will not
take up that bill this morning.
Mr. WILSON. We had it up yesterday morn-
ing.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to take up Senate bill
No. 37, to prevent military interference with State
elections. I have been trying now for two months
to get it up. Sometimes I can be recognized by
the Chair; at other times I cannot. I hope the
Senate will not take up the bill proposed by the
Senator, but will take up that bill, i will say to
the Senate that I am willing to take a vote on it
without one word of debate. It was up and dis-
cussed some four days two months ago. I have
moved half a dozen .times since to get it up, al-
ways without success. It is one of the most im-
portant bills on the Calendar.
Mr. WILSON. I will say we had this bill up
yesterday morning, and it isan important bill. I
am very anxious to have it settled one way or
the other. It is a question of humanity.
The motion was agreed to;and the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 511) to provide for the more
speedy punishment of guerrillas, and for other
purposes, was resumed as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. When this bill went over yes-
terday morning I was endeavoring to arrest the
attention of the Senator from Maryland [Mr,
Johnson] who had made some remarks upon it,
with a view to get his particular attention to the
character of the bill and to some objections which
it was my purpose to make to it. It will be seen
from the provisions of this bill that it is intended
to punish guerrillas for " robbery, arson, burg-
lary, rape, assault with intent to commit rape,
and for violation of the laws and customs of war."
These are heinous offenses that strike at the safety
of society, and that ought to be ccrtainiy and se-
verely punished. But, sir, they are not offenses
''arising in the land or naval furces, or in the
militia when in actual service in time of war or
public danger." Itisonly offensesthatarechar-
acterized by the words which I have just read
that arc amenable, or that can be made amenable,
to courts-martial by martial law. The fifth amend-
ment to the Constitution provides:
" No person shall he held to answer for a capital or oth-
erwise infamous crime unless on a presentment or Indict-
ment of a grand j ury, except in cases arising in the lan d or
naval force?, or m the militia when in actual service lu
time of war or public danger."
All the offenses which this bill proposes to de-
clare and punish are either capital or they are other-
wise infamous crimes. The question then occurs,
do these offenses, as the bill under consideration
proposes to define and punish them, arise in the
military or naval service of the United Slates, or
