1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2053
the joint resolution as I have not yet had an op-
portunity to do, and I therefore move that the
previous order be passed over informally until
the Senator from Maine concludes his remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none. The Senator from Maine will pro-
ceed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to add nothing
in reference to this matter, but to state the facts
as I understand them, because I think they pre-
sent a case that it is really impossible to have any
misunderstanding about. Bear in mind the ar-
gument of the Senator from Indiana is founded
upon the idea that the faith of the Territory and
the future State of Wisconsin, when they took
this money, was only pledged to make good what
might belosstby the stockholders of the company,
but the pledge is that it shall be repaid " for the
purpose of executing the trust created by Con-
gress." What other interest had Congress in
making this large grant of land than to have the
trust executed, than to have the canal made for
the general benefit? That is all the interest Con-
gress had in it. It gave this land under specific
conditions, and for that single and sole purpose,
so far as Congress was concerned, that the United
States might have the benefit of the canal; and
when the Territory, which was the trustee, ap-
propriated the money it was under that specific
pledge to repay it all, (because it could give a
good title to the lands,) for the purpose of exe-
cuting the trust; and when the State of Wiscon-
sin came in the provision was that " the liabilities
incurred by the territorial government of Wis-
consin, under the act entitled ' An act to grant a
quantity of land to the Territory,' &c., shall be
paid and discharged by the State of Wisconsin."
Although the State of Wisconsin never passed an
act to accept the liability imposed by the sixth
section of the act of 1838, she took the money and
put it into her treasury, and I contend that under
any state of circumstances that is an equitable
waiver, and when she comes to us, the party that
granted the money, and asks us to give it to her
simply hee.ause she. did not accept thatact, I think
we may first say to her, "If you ask us to refund,
we insist that you perform the obligation which
you ought to have assumed by the act of your
Legislature before we do it."
That, then, is the simple state of the case as it
stands on the action of the several bodies iri re-
lation to the matter as I understand it. When
the State of Wisconsin was admitted, the usual
grants were made of five hundred thousand acres
of land for general purposes, and also five per
cent, of the proceeds of the sales of public lands ,
The canal never was completed; the State of
Wisconsin appropriated the money; the affair
broke down; the ten years expired. It is nearly
twenty years since the State was admitted, and
more than twenty years since the grant was made.
Nothing has been done; the canal has been aban-
doned; the Government has derived no benefit
from it. May not the Government well assume,
when acting with the Territory of Wisconsin,
which sold this land, and with the State of Wis-
consin which has received the benefit of it, and
which has assumed the obligations of the Terri-
tory, that they would see that the trust was exe-
cuted? I apprehend that was the natural conclu-
sions which theGovernmentoftheUnited States
must comc. But the argument is, that inasmuch
-as the United States allowed the State of Wis-
consin to put itself in the place of the Territory
without passing an act of the Legislature on the
subject, therefore, notwithstanding the Govern-
ment have derived no benefit, they are substan-
tially to lose the benefit of the lands which they
had thus given. It is said, and a large portion
of the argument of the honorable Senator from
Indiana has been predicated upon this idea, that
it would be very unfair, and he has argued it at
length, to take this money away from those in-
dividuals who are entitled to receive a certain
portion for what they had expended, as it has
been misappropriated. There is no dispute about
that. The only question is, who shall pay them ?
We say that the State of Wisconsin having mis-
appropriated the money, having taken it to her-
self, put it into her treasury, stopped the work,
not completed it, shall do what was said to be
her bounden duty, make good the loss to the stock-
holders, and pay the price of the lands which she
lias received to the United States. But the State
of Wisconsin says, " No, they shall be paid out
of the proceeds of the lands estimated at one half
the value fixed in the original act," which isfl 25
instead of $2 50 an acre.
The Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Com-
pany put in a certain amount of their own funds
unquestionably into this work. The Territory
of Wisconsin misappropriated this money and.
prevented their going on with the work and de-
rivinga benefit from it; but when they did so they
said, by the very resolution which they passed
in order to accomplish it, that it was their duty to
pay these men back this motley for the purpose
of completing the work, certainly within the time
limited—ten years—and hand it over to them, so
that it might be done and they might get the
benefit of the grant. Then they came to Congress,
as I said before, and petitioned Congress to allow
them to appropriate it to other purposes. Con-,
gress said, "You may appropiate it to other pur-
poses provided you assume all the obligations of
the Territory;" that is to say, to hand over this
money so as to have the canal completed within
the ten years. And now, because Congress agreed
to that proposition of the State of Wisconsin the
State of Wisconsin comes forward and says,
" You waived all your rights against us, and are
no longer entitled to call upon us to do ail^ thing,
but we will appropriate this money to a certain
extent." This resolution is very curiously
drawn. It is not drawn upon the principles of
the report at all; because, if the State of Wis-
consin is correct in the position that we waived
our rights the whole of this fund should be given
up. Of that I do not propose to speak.
But the main question is here: the Territory of
Wisconsin took this money and agreed when
they took it to pay it over for the purpose of com-
pleting the canal; the State of Wisconsin agreed
by a proviso to the bill admitting the State into
the Union to assume all these obligations; they
did not perform the obligation; the canal was not
built; and now the State conies forward and says,
" It is your duty to pay all these advances and
losses of this company out of this very fund
which, by our obligation, we ought to pay back
to you, never having completed the canal at all."
That is the simple proposition, as I understand
it; and if anything more or less can be made out
of it, I should like to hear it done.
Let us look a little at the logic of this report:
"The next question that arises is, what. are the obliga-
tions in equity on the part of the United States and oi the
State ol Wisconsin toward the canal company crowing
out of the grant of lands foi the benefit of that company?
The company was organized under the hope of obtaining
tile land grant. That hope was excited by the provisions
of the act of mcorpoiation, and was realized in the grant.
The grant was munificent, and, m connection with the
stock subset iptions. was at the tunc believed to be sufficient
to secure the completion of the canal. In the oventof the
constiuctionoi the work, the stock of individual subscrib-
er* would iiave been of value. Induced, no doubt, h) the
expectation of receiving dividends, or thatthe State, pur-
suant to the provisions ot the charter and of the act of Con-
giess making tile giant, would purchase the stock, paying
its pai value with inleiesl, individual-.subscribed stock and
paid their money, which was used ill a paitial construction
of the work. Then the territorialgovernmentdisicgardcd
the trust and diverted the fund, and subsequently the Uni-
ted States and the State of Wisconsin acquiesced therein,
and by their action the State received and enjoyed, for an-
other purpose, the granted lands, so fai as they remained
unsold. Thus, by the action of the teriitona! government,-
in diverting the eaniit fiind,*aini by the action of Congiess
and the State of Wisconsin in diverting the unsold canal
lauds, the means were withdrawn whereby tile canal might
have been built and the stock rendered of value, or the
stock with interest have been paid lor, and thu-ithe com-
pany and the stockholders were prevented the enjoyment
ot a benefit which they had a right to expect undei the acts
of the Territorial Legislature and of Confess. The cor-
poration did not assent to this, hut, on the contrary, earn-
estly protested against it."
I agree to all that; but who shall pay it? The
United States agreed, at the request of Wiscon-
sin, to let Wisconsin take the money, but said to
theState," You shall perform these obligations."
It is not the Milwaukee and Rock River Canal
Company that comes forwaid and asks relief of
us,but the State of Wisconsin, that refuses to pay
over this money and relieve these men from any
obligation she had assumed, is the applicant.
This argument would be a very good one, as ad-
dressed to our equitable considerations, if it was
an argumentin favor of the Milwaukee and R.ock
River Canal Company; but it happens to be that
it is in favor of the State of Wisc.on.iin, which
was bound to pay this money, and uuw eumes
forward and asks us to pay it out of the money
which should properly come back to us. The ar'r
gument, therefore, is addressed to us;in favor of
a trustee that has not performe&its duty, or-rather
a promissor who has not performed it® promise,
but calls on the Government to perform.it. That
is the simple statement of th'e matter.-, .. , *
It is very singular that this claim should have
rested for such a long series of year.-; with IK) ap-
plication made in relation to it, and should
upon us just at this time when we want all the
money we have got.
How does this matter come up in this way ?
It seems that Wisconsin, like all the other newt
States, was allowed the five percent, on the sales
of the public lands; but the Land Office has a
rule that it pursues in all these cases. If a State
has received more than it is entitled to receive, as
the Government has no remedy against a State and
cannot sue a State, if. the Latjd Office has funds in
its hands belonging to that State,.it makes a prac-
tice of holding on to those funds in order to secure
the liquidation of the obligation due tp the Govern-
ment; that is, to make itself good. Now,,here
is an obligation on the part of the State;of Wis-
jonsin, an equitable obligation, to say the least
of it, to pay over all these proceeds within a rea-
sonable time for the purpose of having thiscanajl
completed. The State of Wisconsin declines or f
neglects to do so, and the canal is not completed.
All the benefit which the United States was to re-
ceive from it is lost. Then the State of Wiscon-
sin comes forward and claims to receive this
money without performing its obligations. _ The
Government of the United States says, " No, we
will hold on to this five per cent, until you have
paid us what, under the equity of the act, to say
nothing of the technical legal ground, you were
to pay us in case the canal was not completed."
That is the difficulty which this joint resolution
seeks to avoid.
With reference to the perfect legality of that
proceeding of the Land Office, 1 have here, but I
will not trouble the Senate by reading it, an opin-
ion given by Attorney General Cushing. An
opinion had previously been given by Mr. Crit-
tenden, I think, to the same effect; that it was
perfectly legal and right on the part of the Gov-
ernment to take that money.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. Qrittenden's opinion was
the other way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thoughtit was the same
way. It is so stated in the letter I have here. I
have not read the opinion.
Why, sir, if we yield here to Wisconsin we
shall be obliged to yield in other cases. TheState
of Iowa 1 understand has received more lands
than she was entitled to receive, and her fund, or
a portion of it, is held on to in precisely the satne
way. I believe there are some other States that
are in the same condition. Now, if the Govern-
ment is to be unpaid, if States that receive by ac-
cident more than they are entitled to are not to ac-
count for it because they cannot be sued and we
cannot hold on to any funds we may happen to
have arising outof land sales belonging to them,
that is one thing; but it strikes me it is perfectly
legal and proper that this course should be pur-
sued. Certainly it is the only one that will secure
the inteiest of the United States under circum-
stances of this description.
With regard to the particular provisions of this
resolution, it provides substantially—and, as I
said before, I cannot see ufmn what ground it
should provide anything on the principles of the
report that has been made to the Senate—that
these lands are to be accounted for to the United
States at the rate of #1 25 per acre, and so much
more as they were actually sold for. The ori-
ginal provision was that if the canal was not built,
they should be accounted for at the rate of §2 50
an acre; and that is the way, as I understand it,
that the account is actually made up as against
the State of Wisconsin. If there ia any equity
or any reason arising out of the circumstances of
the case from the sales, &c., why the amount
should be diminished for which they are to ac-
count, that is another question which 1 do not
feci disposed to interfere with. Other gentlemen-
can judge much better than I can in regard to
that. 1 think the Commissioner of Public Lands,
in a communication which I have before me in
relation to this subject, states the whole case very
ta.ii 1 y. He gives the proceedings of the Govetn-
