1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
redemption in the North. I believe that had they
stood and acted in good faith with the northern
conservatives, who were friends alike to alt sec-
tions of the country, victory would ere long have
rewarded the common effort and purged the north-
ern counsels of the abolition malady. The elec-
tion of Douglas, if it had not settled the slavery
controversy, would at least have beaten down the
demon, and the country would have been com-
paratively quiet for a while. We, therefore, of
the free States who never sought to abridge the
rights of any section, or to interfere with its local
institutions, have much more right to complain
of the defection of the southern people than have
those who by a long and persistent practice of
aggressions upon them provoked them to their
criminal act.
The Presidentelect in due time took upon him-
self the functions of his high office with many
of the political ideas which Americans naturally
derive from the principles of our Government;
and although of strong abolition proclivities he
seemed to have little conception of the extreme
requirements which would be made of him by
the party to whom he was indebted for his posi-
tion. He seemed to see this Government as or-
ganized under, and with powers limited and de-
fined by, a written Constitution. The miserable
subterfuge of a war power, by which a sworn
officer could innoccntly violate his oath, and hold
in contempt all the laws of his country, had not
then been invented. He saw not, because there
was not, an y by-path by which to tiavel around the
plain dictates of the Constitution. So, when civil
war ensued, the people were called upon to in-
cur the hardships and dangers of the long march,
and the battle-field, and all that constitutes " the
tug of war," to "restore the Union," which still
existed in law, although it was broken in fact—not
to pave the way for a new regime which should
open the territories of the South to northern plun-
derers; it was to "enforce the Constitution and
the laws," which were claimed on all hands to be
as obligatory upon the people of the seceded States
as they had ever been. "To put down the re-
bellion:" all and each of these forms of expres-
sion imported the enforcement of simply consti-
tutional authority over those subjects who were
in rebellion against a Government to which they,
like other citizens, owed allegiance. And the Pres-
ident promised and assured the people over and
over, and declared to the world through his min-
ister of State, that the war should be prosecuted
for that purpose, and for no other. The President
seemed to be sincere in these pledges; to keep them
was only his sworn duty. The people who loved
the Union and were willing to incur every ne-
cessary sacrifice for its preservation tendered to
the avowed Union policy of the President their
united support. The military skill and ability of
the country appertained principally to Democrats,
who promptly tendered their services to the Gov-
ernment, and the conservative and unscctional men
of the States rallied to the standard of the Union.
Half a million men might as well have been had
as seventy-five thousand at the first call. Such
was the spirit of the war then—such was the spirit
of the President's proclamations then. Alas! to
what unknown quarter has that spirit (led ? Where
is the fulfillment of the pledge? Where is the
motive to vindicate the Constitution and the laws?
Where the purpose to restore the Union?
"Gone, glimmering thiongh the dreams of tilings that wore."
In that portion of the message which is given
under the name of proclamation,as well as in the
message proper, the President assumes an entirely
new position upon all the important political con-
mdeiations which have grown out of the war.
He takes upon himself the arbitrament of all the
civil rights of the people of the Statcs-which have
been or may be conquered by the arms of the
Federal Government, claiming for himself the
power to dictate the form and character of the gov-
ernments,the creation of which, by whatis called
the process of reconstruction, will be permitted
by the Executive, and also the terms and condi-
tions upon which such governments may be
formed and become States of the Union. They
are to be governments not, in the language of the
Declaration of Independence, "deriving their just
powers from the consent of the governed," but
governments imposed upontho people by the om-
nipotence of the President. The President con-
sents that the new States thus to be produced may
take the names and geographical limits of the old
States, but the plan and principle of their forma-
tion as proposed is as thoroughly anti-republican
as it is absurd and impracticable. Perceiving that
no considerable portion of the southern people
will voluntarily comply with his proposal to them
to abandon their constitutional rights in reference
to slave labor, and take oaths to sustain his eman-
cipation proclamations, the President announces
the strange purpose of sustaining and enforcing
such governments whenever a small minority—
one tenth of the voters of a seceded State—shall
elect to comply with his aforesaid terms. Such
a scheme is subversive of all our ideas of a popu-
lar republican government, the sovereignty of a
State being committed not to the people to be
exercised by the voice of a majority, but to the
inconsiderable fraction of one tenth of the people.
It would of course require a huge army in every
such State to preserve such a flagitious govern-
ment, and its maintenance, if it were possible,
which it clearly is not, would be at the sacrifice
of every principle of the Constitution and of
human liberty.
That there may be factions of men in the se-
ceded States, consisting of the original inhabit-
ants and corrupt northern miscreants who will
betake themselves thither to share in the mighty
plunderof Commonwealths, is rendered probable
by the eagerness with which a great predomina-
ting party seizes upon and cherishes the elements
and policy of disorganization and ruin. And is
such to be the fruit of executive proclamations?
"Why,, sir, there was a time when proclamations
from the highestauthority called upon us as apeo-
ple favored of Heaven to assemble to express our
thanks to a beneficent Ptovidence for His bless-
ings, to observe the solemn ordinances of fasting
and prayer,or to perform some high political duty
involved inounvlationstothcState; butnowthey
come careering in their v/ild course through the
political firmament like comets in the heavens,
rushing through the constellations without any
fixed orbit. They come to herald the disorgan-
ization and crash of our political system.
What has occurred of late, 1 ask, to confer upon
the President, or any other citizen, this enormous
power to deal with the very framework of our
Government as he pleases? He has declared, on
divers occasions and in the mdfet solemn manner,
since his inauguration and during the war, that
he had no legal power to abolish slavery, and
pledged himself to the faithful execution of the
fugitive slave law. We are obliged from his own
words to take it as admitted by him«that he has
no warrant of law for the late edicts which he has
proclaimed. I know that a certain class of higher-
law men, more in\entive than the President, harp
and carp about what they call a war power, which,
as they claim, relieves the Administration from
all the injunctions and restrictions of the para-
mount law of the realm, and that by the force of
extreme pressure, accomplished by persuasions
and menaces, they have misled the President to
depart from the constitutional policy which he
promised to observe. To their influence we may
impute the suspension, or rather the annihilation,
of the habeas corpus, the trammeling and over-
throw of the jurisdiction of the couits, the sup-
ptession of the freedom of the press, the denial
to private citizens of the protection of their own
laws, their arrest without pi ocess or charge, even,
of treason or other crime defined by law, their
cruel imprisonment and banishment for no other
cause than the exercise of free speech in criticis-
ing the policy and conduct of the agents in whose
hands the people have temporarily confided the
defined powcrsof the Government. That extrav-
agant sentiment is often expressed on this floor.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania who repre-
sents the gieat manufacturing city of that State,
and who has maintained a high standing in the
legal profession, in a speech recently delivered
in this House, said:
" The war power of the Constitution equivalent to the
Roman dictatorship. It i*, however, here a* there, the ex-
treme medicim of the Constitution, ami not it- daily bread.
The mif-, 'on of a lepubhc !•? peace; war a ^tate of vio-
lence. To conduct an nrmv upon the principles of re-
publican eiiu.iliiy would he fatal to all suhouhnation and
discipline. For'-uch an exigency <i-> ilii^ th<- iniim.il con-
dition of tho Republic will notserv^. lt=> very organization
would foibid it. War h anti-republican in it^ effect', and
can only be successfully waged on antMepuhlican prin-
ciples-. Wlnle it picvaib, ike lawil&clf mint almost ncces-
saribj be silent.
If these words have any significance they tneaj^
that the Constitution invests, the President m- tiqtp
of war with unlimited, dictatorial powe*—pow?er
over the lives, liberties, and property of-'the peo>-
ple. It is wonderful how the heated furnace o~f
party politics operates upon men's opinions. If
a student, three years ago, under examination
a committee of lawyers, had expressed,such aa
opinion, he could not have been admitted to'£h$
bar of any county court in the United States^ '
In answer to these extravagant and illogical as?
sumptions which, once admitted, would transform
an officer of the Government of strictly Umitetl
powers into a despot of unlimited powers, it is
only necessary to refer to that Constitution which
is authoratively declared to be the paramount'lav
in war and peace, arid which declares that no
power beyond the letter of its grant exists in or
can be exercised by the Federal Government or
its officers.
The eleventh clause of the eighth section of
article one of the Constitution declares that—
"The Congress shall have power to declare war, grant
letters of marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning
captures on land and water."
The twelfth clause adds:
" To raise and support armies, but no appropriation of
money to that use shall be for a longer term than two
years."
The thirteenth:
" To provide and maintain a navy."
The fourteenth:
" To make rules for the government and regulationof the
land and naval forces."
Fifteenth:
" To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions."
Sixteenth:
'♦To provide for organizing, aiming, and disciplining
the militia, and for governing bitch part of them as may be
employed in the set vice of the United States, reserving to
the States respectively the appointment of the officers, ahf!
the authority of tiaming the militia according tc.the dis-
cipline prescribed by Congress."
In the foregoing clauses of the Constitution is
contained the war power, and the only war power
there is in this nation. It is vested in Congress
and not in the President. In war he does not
rightfully becomea dictator, forthe seventh clause
of section one of the second article provides in
reference to the President as follows:
"Before he enter on the execution of his office, he shall
take the following oath or affirmations <1 do solemnly
swear (or allium) that 1" will faithfully execute tiie olficeof
President of the United Slates, and will to the best of my
ability pi eserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the
United States.'"
So the Constitution, and not its sworn vassal
and supporter, is the dictator. Immediately fol-
lowing the form and requisition of the oath in
the first clause of section two of the last-named
article, the military power of the sworn President
is thus defined:
" The President shall be Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States, and of the imhtia of
the several States, when called into the actual service of
the United States."
The obligation of the oath extends to all the
official action of the President, either as a military
commander or an executive officer of the general
laws. No man in the Government is bound by
stronger obligations than he to act in subservi-
ency to the law. So much forthe painted bubble
and dishonest pretense of a war power which
makes a sworn subordinate superior to the Con-
stitution. Sir, if the framevs of that wise instru-
ment were still in life can you not imagine with
what deep disgust they would hear such heresies
proclaimed by degenerate postenty upon the floor
of the Congress which they established?
A special pretense is assumed by the party in
power as a sufficient justification for the uncon-
stitutional acts of the Administration in mana-
ging the public policy, it is the pretense that sla-
very in the States was and is the culpable cause
of the war, and that slavery, therefore, must be
abolished at all hazards as a condition of peace.
It is a convenient apology for revolutionists. It
is inculcated by their press, in their sermons, and
speeches; it is heard in this body and in the Sen-
ate. But the falsehood of thcassertiou is appar-
ent to any man who is willing to think rightly
upon the subject. It might as reasonably be said
that money is the causc of robbery, larceny, and
many other crimes; that human existence is the
