3030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IT,
in the militia when in actual service? They do
not. They cannot. I suppose it is not ourown
guerrillas that are proposed to be punished. If
it was, and those guerrillas were in the military
service of the United States, or in the militia of
any State in actual service, the power to try and
punish them might be given to courts-martial;
but I presume that this bill is intended to punish
the guerrillas of the- rebels; at any rate its terms
will embrace guerrillas, if we can ascertain what
a guerrilla is, in the service of the rebels.
Mr. President, the bill under consideration is
subject to two insuperable objections in my opin-
ion. The one wasassumedby the Senator from
Maryland yesterday morning in his objection to
the bill, and it is the vague and indefinite import
of the term "guerrilla." What is a guerrilla?
I am not a Spanish scholar, but the term guerrero
means warrior, according to my understanding,
i suppose that " guerrilla" means a partisan war-
rior. That is about the best meaning of it I pre-
sume. Here is a bill before the Senate of the
United States that proposes to punish guerrillas
of the enemy—for 1 assume that to be the mean-
ing—for the commission of robbery, arson, burg-
'ary, rape, assault with intent to commit rape,
These offenses when perpetrated by the
guerrillas of the enemy, however wicked and
deserving of punishment they may be, are not
cases arising m the military or naval service of
the United States Government, nor in the militia
of pny of the States in that service. Is it com-
petent, then, for a military court to punish such
offenses committed by that class of persons by
martial law? Is it competent for Congress to
confer upon a court-martial such a power? It
aeems to me that it is only necessary to state the
proposition that it may be answered in the nega-
tive. Congress cannot confer any power upona.
military court; Congress cannot add to the pow-
ers of a military court; Congress cannot extend
the jurisdiction of a military court. The exist-
ence of military courts and all their jurisdiction
result from the Constitution and from national
law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL I understand the Senator
from Kentucky to be arguing as to the jurisdic-
tion of these courts. Now, his argument may or
may not be a very good one; but I am quite sure
that the bill under consideration confers no juris-
diction whatever to try any ease, it does not
propose to do it. It is not a bill for that purpose.
The object of the bill is merely to allow the sen-
tence pronounced by a court-martial to be carried
into execution without its being approved by the
President, but it does not confer on a court-mar-
tial any jurisdiction, nor purport to do it.
Mr. £)AVIS. Mr. President, what is a more
important constituentin thejunsdiction ofacourt
than the execution of its judgment sand sentences?
My position is, that if this bill in intended to con-
fer upon the courts the power to execute their
sentences without the intervention or approval of
the President, it is a subjectover which Congress
nas no cognizance. What power has the Presi-
dent over the subjcct of courts-martial, and
whence does he derive that power? Not from the
legislation of Congress. All the power that he
possesses in relation to courts-martial and their
jurisdiction and their judgments and sentences,
he derives from national law, to the extent and
only to the extentthat that power of national law
is vested in him by the Constitution; and Con-
gress has no authority whatever to enlarge or to
modify cither the jurisdiction and power of the
courts, or to modify or restrict the power of the
President over courts-martial.
Now, let me accept the interpretation of the
honorable Senator, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, in relation to what is the in-
tention and what is to be the operation of this
bill. It then resolves itself into t4iis simple ques-
tion: has Congress the power by itsact oritslaw
u> authorize a court-martialtoexecute asentence
wpon an individual over whom it has or has not
jurisdiction witnout the intervention of the Pres-
ident?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has been done from
the foundation of the Government in a certain clabs
of offenses. The law has designated what cases
should be reported to the Commsnder-m Chief, «s
I understand, and what might be carried into ex-
ecution without reporting to him. It has always
been so, I think.
Mr. DAVIS. Whether it has been always so
or not, it'is improper. It is not within the com-
petency of Congress to interfere with that mat-
ter. Show me the evidence. I do not care if there
were a hundred laws, to that effect, I maintain
that it is an interference with a matter over which
Congress has no authority whatever.
Sir, whence does the President derive his power
in relation to courts-martial ? Does he derive it
from the law of Congress? Not at all. Congress
has no jurisdiction over such subjects. It has no
power to enlarge the authority of the President;
it has no power to restrict the authority of the
President. But here is an objection which I take
to this bill that is practical, and that is of essen-
tial interest in connection with it, and it is that a
court-martial cannot have properly any jurisdic-
tion to try a guenilla for robbery, or arson, or
burglary, or any other offense, unless that offense
arises in the military or naval service of the Uni-
ted States. Will the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, the chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, will that honorable Senator, who is one
of-the ablest lawyers in this body, assume the
position that a court-martial have a right to try
any man for any offense that does not arise in the
military or naval service?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I will state that in 1S0G the
Congress of the United States revised the rules
and articles of war. it was a reenactment pretty
much of the rules as they before existed, and in
this respect I think it will be found entirely so.
Article sixty-five provides who may carry into ef-
fect thedecisions of courts-martial; it provides:
" Any general officer commanding an army, or colonel
commanding a separate department, may appoint general
couit-s-inaituil whenever neeet-saiy. Bui no sentence of a
court-mama! shall be cairied into execution unit! after the
whole pioeceding> t-ha.ll have been hud betore the officer
oidmng th<j same, or the officer commanding the troops
foi the time being; neither shall any sentence ol a general
const-martial in tune ot peace, extending to the loss of
life, 01 ilie (li^mi^.-ion ot a commissioned officer, or which
shall, cither m time of peace or war, respect a general offi-
cer, ki eunied into execution until after the whole pro
cecdmjj* f-hall have been transmitted to the Secretruy of
War. to be laid betore the President of the United States,
for Ins confirmation or disapproval and ordeis in the c.v-e.
Ail other sentences may be confirmed and executed by the
officer ordcilng the couit to assemble, or the commanding
office! for the ume being, ad the case may be."
The Senator wanted the evidence that the de-
cision of courts-martial were earned into cffcct
without the approbation of the President. J thus
been the rule of law and the practice of the Gov-
ernment ftom the day of its organization.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, sir, concede that 1 am
right and the Senator is wrong on that point 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not concede that. I
concede you are wiong and I am right.
Mr. DAVIS. I put the cart before the horse.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have done that all
the way through your argument. You have been
arguing something that is not in the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Now I will endeavor to nut the
horse before the cart, and I ask the honorable
Senatui's attention. The Constitution invests
Congtesswith power "to make rules for the gov-
ernment and regulation of the land and naval
forces." Now admit that there is authority for
the passage of such a law as the Senator has just
read, I ask' him if it authorizes the passage of this
bill? What is this bill? I ask the Senator to
answer me this question: has a military court tho
power under any law, whether it be national law
or the articles of war passed by Congress, to pun-
ish a man for any offense that does not arise in
the military or naval service of the Government
of the United Suites?
^ Mr. TRUMBULL. I will reply very cheer-
ful iy to the question of the Senator from Ken-
tucky when we propose to pass any such lav/. I
have already stated to him that there is not in this
bill one single line or word authorizing the trial
of anybody. It merely provides for the execu-
tion of the judgment of a court-martial or a mili-
tary commission in cases where they heretofore
have had authority to try. it confers no juris-
diction. The military commission or the court-
martial under this bill can try no case whatever,
either m the military service or out of the mili-
tary ftci vice, that it could not try before the pas-
sage of this bill. There is the answer to the
question. The Senator from Kentucky is talking
about whatis not before the Senate. He had bet-
ter introduce a bill to repeal some other law, and
then his argument would be applicable, but it has
nothing to do with this case.
Mr. DAVIS, The honorable Senator evades
my question, he does not answer it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do notpiopose to an-
swer a question that is not under consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. I will show that it is under con-
sideration, and it is necessarily involved in the
consideration of this bill. I understand the Sen-
ator, then, as conccdmg, though 1 maybe mis-
taken in assuming that position, that no court-
martial in tfce United States has any power to tty
a man for a capital or otherwise infamous crime,
unless it arises m the land or naval forces, or in
the militia in the actual service of the United States
in time of war or public danger.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (MrrPosiERor
in the chair.) The Senator will excuse the
Chair; it becomes his duty at this hour to call up
the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will ho
allowed to go on for a few minutes. I desire to
dispose of this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 prefer to go on, if the Senate
will permit me. I shall not occupy a great deal
of time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot tell how long
my honorable .friend from Kentucky intends to
continue his remaiks, and I do not wantthe reg-
ular order delayed for any considerable time.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to consume
many minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is something else to
be said.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand there is to
be further debate on the subject. I think we had
better go on with the regular order. I am very
anxious to finish the tariff bill to-day, and it is
quite important that it should be done if pos-
sible.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit myself to the pleasure
of the Senate.
THIS TARIFJb' BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of<thc Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
494) to increase the duties on imports, and for
other purposes.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was after " Cologne water'5 in line foitv-
two of section eleven to inseft the words " and
other perfumery of which alcohol forms the prin-
cipal ingredient;" so as to make the clause read:
On Cologne waterand other peifumeryof which a'eohoj
forms the principal ingredient,$2 oQ per g dlon.and 50 per
cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lino
forty-five of section eleven: " On cloves, 40 cents
per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move to amend the bill
by inserting at that point: " On clove stems, 15
cents per pound,"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out imo
fifty-six of that section. Provision has bten made
for it elsewhere.
The words proposed to be stricken out ore:
" On lead, sugar of, 10 cents per pound."
The amendment was agtecd. to.
The next amendment of the Commitiee on
Finance was after the word "juice,"in line fifty-
eight of section eleven to insert " and fruit juice;"
so as to make the clause read:
On lemons, oranse^, pine-apple®, plantain-', cocoa-nut",
and fruits preserved in their own juicy, and liuit juice,'25
per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to,
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. in the next tw lines,
the committee propose an alteration. After the
word "or" in line sixty-one, I move to strike
out the words "juice, 10 cents per pound; on
licorice in roils, 12," and insert " rolls, 10;" so
as to make the item read: "On licorice root, 2
cents per pound; on licorice paste or ro!hs, 10
cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
