32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15.
the eve of such a change; that the Administra-
tion are doing their utmost to hasten it and to se-
cure itfor their own advantage; that if the people
would maintain the Constitution and the liberties
for which ourfathers fought through seven years
of blood, they must arouse themselves from their
letluugy, and they must show that while they
have the mind and courage and will and foititude
to put down secessionist* and rebellion, they have
also the same great qualities to prevent the Presi-
dent of the United States and his Cabinet from
usurping, permanently at least, despotic military
power.
One word more to the honorable Senator from
Maryland, and I have done. Franklin said, in
the revolutionary war, that a nation that would
sacrifice essential liberty for temporary advant-
age would shortly have neither. I believe in the
truth, and the permanent truth, of that polit-
ical maxim. I am against such u saciifice, not
only permanently or for the continuance of the
war, but even for a day or an hour. As a woman,
when she yields her virtue once, loses it forever,
so the people who consent to the sacrifice of their
liberties, their Constitution, and all the rights it
secures to them, for temporary advantage, will
never regain what they thus lose.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, nothing on earth
was further from my intention or my expectation
when I came into the Senate Chamber to-day than
to take pait in this debate. I do not now intend
to trespass long on the attention of tl;e Senate;
but a statement has been made by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky that i never will hear
anywhere without entering my indignant denial
of it; and that is, that the party in power and its
representatives on this floor do not desire peace,
but desire a continuation of this war to influence
the next presidential election. A more atrocious
allegation against honorable men I think i never
listened to fiorn the beginning uf time to the pres-
ent moment.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable gentleman will
permit me one moment, I heard him make a much
more atrocious allegation than that wxthm the last
two years, when he avowed that the army of
plunderers that were matching upon the Treasury
under tins administration of the Government ex-
ceeded the number of soldiers m the field.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator ever heard me
make such a statementas that, I will admit it; but
I never made such a remaik, or anything like it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think the Globe will prove it.
Mr. flALE. The Senator cannot show that
I ever made any such leniark, or anything like
it; but I will tell him what 1 did say, and what 1
will repeat. I said 1 thought the liberties of the
country were more in danger from tiie profligacy
* that was practiced upon the Tteasury than they
were from the rebels m the field.
Now, to return to the subject: if the allegation
of the honorable Senator be tiue, 1 would sooner
take the hand of a man from u charnel-house,
covered with pestilence, than that of one of the
honorable gentlemen around me. If that allega-
tion be true, every Senator^ipon this floor that
supports this Administration is stamped with the
foulest treason and perjury that human nature
can be guilty of.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me 
Mr. HALE. No, sir; 1 do not wish to be m-
teirupted. The country is at war. The tremen-
dous issues of national life and death tremble in
the balance. Treason, with its red right hand,
aims a fell blow at the national life. The desti-
nies of the country are committed to the honor-
able gentlemen who surround me, who are bound
by every obligation that can bind honorable men,
and by the sanctions of an oath, to sustain their
country and their Constitution, and to defend the
firesides and homes that are thieatcned with in-
vasion by lawless traitors. But the Senator from
Kentucky tells them they are hypocrites; that
they do not desire the termination of this war.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not allude to any one in
the Senate. I said " this Administration."
Mr. HALE. "The party in power." This
is the party in power. It is true the Senator made
no direct personal application to any Senator, hut
it is an allegation which embraces every one of
us; and the allegation is that of all the men that
disgrace God's footstool, of all the criminals that
All the penitentiaries, there are none so base, none
so worthy of the detestation and scorn of men
and the judgments of God, as these Senators who
sit here, members of this dominant party. Their
country is at stake. God, iy His providence, is
trying now an experiment, the great question of
ages, tiie question of free government for the
world; and, in the progress of events and the
course of His providence, the destinies of this
country and of this war to no inconsiderable de-
gree are intrusted to the men who surround me;
and, sir, are we to sit here and silently hear a
member of this body, before the country, before
the world, before heaven and earth, bring such
allegations against us that, if true, every inmate
of the penitentiaries might scorn to give us the
hand of friendly recognition? Hypocrisy such
as this which has been charged upon us can hardly
be delineated in fitting terms and character; and
yet in that the President of the United States, by
express designation, is also implicated.
Now, sir, Jet me say a woid in regard to that.
I am not a eulogist of the President, nor of hardly
anybody else; butl believe if there may be one
thing said of Mr. Lincoln to which almostevery-
body will assent, it is that he is eminently an hon-
est and patriotic man. I confess that to-day is the
first time in my whole life that I ever hea'ul the
honesty and the patriotism of Mr. Lincoln ques-
tioned. I have congratulated my fellow-citizens,
when,in my pool and feeble way,it has been my
lot to address them, that in one thing the country,
in this terrible emergency, was eminently fortu-
nate, and that was, in the personal character of
the Chief Magistrate; that lie was a man of such
integrity that it spoke not only to his friends, but
extorted the unwilling concession of his enemies;
and that, amidst all the vituperation of political
calumny, the personal integrity and patriotism of
the President, thus far, had stood unscathed and
unqueslio ned.
Sit, I appiehcnd the honorable Senator from
Kentucky did not appreciate the character of the
accusation which he hi ought against those who
sui rou mied him. I have seen him, I have met him
tendering the courtesies of social intercourse to
men who are not worthy to unloose his shoe-
latchets, if they be what he tells them they arc to-
day. They are the vilest hypocrites that ihe world
bears up. They are the foulest traitors that ever
the sun of heaven shone on.
Why, sir, what are we to-day, and what is our
condition ? It seems to me that in the puiposes
of Pro\idence we occupy the climacteric position
between the eternities of the past and the future.
We have to settle for ourselves, for all posterity,
for all coming time, the gioat question whether
liberty ifpon the whole be a boon desirable for
humanity, and whether man is capable of self-
government. The hopes, the sympathies, the
fears of the world look upon us. Who is it that
can strike an effective blow against his country
equal to him who loosens in the public mind all
confidence in the integrity, the patriotism, and the
honesty of those to whom the public destinies are
intrusted? No, sir; that allegation ought not to
lie listened to for a single moment without an in-
dignant denial from every man who feels that it
is, to say the least, cruel and unjust. I know the
Senator from Kentucky has such a habitual flow
of words that he cannot stop, and sometimes he
lets out words without caiefully measuring the
idea that follows them, and it must have"been
something of that sort which influenced him when
he made the declaration that he uttered here to-
day.
I have not heard all the discussion; I do not
know what are the merits of the particular propo-
sitions upon which the Senator has commented;
I have not had the pleasure of listening to them;
but in this connection I will say this: if the Gov-
ernment of the United States have called upon
black soldiers, have laken them into their armies,
and cairied them out to fight the battles of the
countiy, they are bound to protect them at all
hazards by every agency they can put forth; and
if the Government, having done that,and having
used them, and they having become prisoners,
abandon them to their fate, they would be guilty
of a baseness unparalleled in history. What do
we want? Do we want to look caiefully at the
complexion, the race, or the color of those who
fight the battles of the country? I apprehend not;
but let that question be as it may, when the Gov-
ernment take a soldier, put then* uniform on him
and send him out to battle, they are bound by
every consideration which can rest upon a Chris-
tian Government to protect him at all events and
at all hazards; and by no questions of expediency,
by no questions of the effects which are to result
from this plain, undeniable,, palpable duty, are
they to be deterred from doing what they ought.
Having said this much, I shall leave the sub-
ject; but I confess, before I sit down, that I was
not a little astonished to hear this charge so de-
liberately, apparently, made against the Govern-
ment, against the Administration, and against the
Senate. 1 believe that the party in power, with
Mr Lincoln at its head, has but one aim, and that
aim is the welfare of the country. I believe that
he has but one purpose, and that is the salvation
of his country, I believe that those who are as-
sociated with him are, in this respect, in full uni-
son and sympathy with him.
The idea that these men, that this party, that
this Senate, could desire a continuation of this
cruel, this ferocious, this bloody war; that our
cars are not yet sufficiently filled with the wail of
mourners; that the desolation of domestic hearth-
stones is not universal enough to satisfy our fero-
cious spirit; that,we are willing that our young
men shall be given to slaughter, our widows to
mourning, and our orphans to destitution, for
some paltry political advantage to be gained at
the next presidential election, is an insinuation so
base that I can only wonder that by any accident
it found its way into the fertile brain of the Sen-
atorfrom Kentucky. [Manifestations of applause
in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. HALE. The country is at war—such a
war as the woild has never seen. The country
is engaged in a war in which all the elements of
civil liberty that have been gained in the progress
of all the bloody centimes of the past are at stake;
and at this time, when the question is nothing
more nor less than life or death to the nation, to
believe that a set of men, " the party in power,"
can be so utterly base, so reckless to everything
that should bind them—nay, that they should be
so callous to the grief and the woe that is already
over the land, that they should be so deaf to the
pleadings of humanity, to the mournings of a
desolated land, as to desire, for some paltry po-
litical end, the continuation of such a scene of
woe, is a picture too revolting for the contempla-
tion of a civilized people.
Mr. LAN E, of Indiana. Mr. President, with-
outany purpose or desire to enter into this debate,
I wish to ask the Senator from Kentucky the
name of the major general in the Army of the
United States to whom he referred. I understood
my distinguished friend the Senator from Ken-
tucky to say that a major general commanding
in the armies of the United States had said that it
was the purpose of the President to retain his
power, even though an election should go against
him, by the Aimy of the United States. If that
be true, the Administration does not deserve the
confidence of the country. If it be false, the in-
former should be mustered out of the service of
the United States, as unwoi thy of the commiss.on
he bears. If there is no indelicacy or impropr ety
in the question, ] should like to know the fiame
of the officer.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I reply to the
honorable Senator fiom Indiana. This was my
statement: that a gentleman who had formerly
been a member of the other House told nie that
a major general now in the service of the United
States had said to him, if Mr. Lincoln was de-
feated at the next presidential ejection, he would
not surrender the office, but would hold on to it.
Now, I tell the honorable Senator that if he will
come to nie in the strictest confidence of a man of
honor, as I know he is, I will give the names both
of the general and of my informant.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, I have
only this to say, that it seems to me any com-
manding officer who makes any such statement
isunwoithy the service of the Government,if that
statement be false; if it be true, the Government
is unworthy of the support of the people; and
for the Government, as one of the humblest sup-
porters of that Government, I deny that any such
pui pose or allegation has ever been made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to leferthe resolution to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
