1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ure, gave it their hearty support, but visions of
new-horn power and predominating sovereignty
controlled the Republican mind. "No compro-
mise with slavery" was their motto, not even to
avert disunion and war. Having the controlling
power they rejected the proposition. Secession
was soon accomplished and war came speedily.
The Administration declared the principle upon
which the war should be conducted, lo show
what that declaration was, as I have not the offi-
cial records at hand, I take the liberty to quote
from a very able and patriotic message of the
Governor of New Jersey, recently communicated
to the Legislature of thatState. Speaking of the
object of the war, the Governor says:
"This object on the pait of our Government was ex-
plicitly stated by a resolution parsed unanimously by the
llouso ot liepre^entatives soon aftei the commencement
of hostilities, ami which still stands, as the authontative
decimation of the popular bianch of Centres*. (By pa-
renthesis I must say that if the worthy Governor had Known
how many timc  that i evolution had beon laid on the table
by the votes of a majority of the Houmj durnu* this pe&sion
he would have omitted thelattei clause.) Thatresolution
declares thatk the wans not waged for the purpose of over-
throwing or interfering with the rights and established in-
stitution^ of the States, but to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution and to preserve the Union,
with all the di niiy, equality, and light-* of the several
States unmipnned. and that a-> <.oon as these objects aie
accomplished the wai ought to ceu^e.' In the published
correspondence of the State Dcpaitment the same idea is
forcibly cxpiosstd in the following language: 'The lights
of the States and the condition ot eveiy human being in
them will jernain subject to exactly the same laws and
forms of administration whether the i evolution should suc-
ceed or whether it shall f.iil.5 " * * * * {" In
the one case the States would be federally connected with
the new eonledeiacy, m the other they would bo, as now,
nictnbcis of the United States; but thoir constitutions and
laws, customs, habit*, and institutions in either case would
remain the same.' In repudiating indignantly any inten-
tion on the pait of the Executive to disnub the institutions
of the States, the wntei add : {Any such effort on his pait
would he unconstitutional, and all hi* actious in that di-
rection would be prevented by the judicial authority of the
United riiates, even though as&ented to by Oongre&o and
the people.5 55
This language has none of the sound of the
emancipation proclamation, nor of the reconstruc-
tion and amnesty proclamation, which proposes
that one tenth of the people of a seceded State,
complying with the wishes of the President, and
surrendering on oath such legal rights as he wishes
them to surrender, shall be helped to govern and
dominate over nine times their number who pos-
sess the same constitutional rights, according to
the learned Secretary, as the favored few. The
Democrats, in keeping with the statesmanlike sen-
timents above quoted, oppose all unconstitutional
coercion practiced to make abolition States to be
ruled by a contemptible and purchased minority,
at the expense of ihe cardinal principle of free
government. They do not contemplate as aus-
picious the time when by such coriupt means
the chief officeisof ourGovcnimentshall be elect-
ed. They oppose all such policy in the manage-
ment of the war as recently sent into the State of
Florida a band of brave officers and soldiers to
further the same objectionable motive, if that
leady histonan of the times, the public press, be
tiuthful m its declarations. If truthful, somebody
must account to the countiy in this woild or to
God m the next for twelve hundred citizens, or
more, as is believed, slaughtered and taken pris-
oners m an unmilitary enterpiise.
Let it be shown to the conservative men of this
nation that the.Adminustration isdevotedly intent
upon preserving the masterly edifice of this Gov-
ernment, and honestly makes war against the se-
ceded States for that noble purpose, and 1 guar-
anty that no Demociat will oppose it. Any
difference of opfnion which mi^ht exist would
exist only us a citizen's private thought. And
even now, when we are forced by a weight of ev-
idence which must control the honest judgment,
to believe that our Federal Government lestored
to us pristine condition is not the object of the
party which conducts the war, we du notattempt
to throw any obstacles in its way. We counsel
no resistance to it; we do not seek to stop the
war. War is inaugurated as the policy of the Ad-
ministration, ami for rui^uns easily perceived, it
can probably accomplish no object, good or bad,
except by conquest, and that does not promise to
be immediate. With all Us usurped powers tins
Administration cannot live beyond its appointed
lime. During the short residue ot the period al-
lotted to it, 1, for one, do not wish it to arbitrate
the futuie of my country. If it is said that the
war was premature, let it be recollected that peace*
may be premature also. We say if a sound con-
stitutional party had continued in the control of
the Government there would have been no seces-
sion, no war; but they aie upon us like destroy-
ing fiends. Who shall rescue the Union in this
emergency ? Who shall adjust the terms of peace
which must at some time succeed to war?
If the present Administration should adjust the
terms of peacc according to the ideas which now
govern its policy, then would be blighted forever
the hopes of all those whose hearts are quickened
by the love of free and popular government. I be-
lieve that with the Democracy m power successful
negotiations for the restoration of the Union could
be had; but, manifestly, under the present Ad-
ministration no such negotiations can be had, nor
if they were practicable would they be adopted,
foi the Administration is committed to the revo-'
iutionary scheme of reconstruction and against
the Union.
I know the awful burdens and expense of the
war, as well as a finite capacity can comprehend
what is so near the infinite. But as a lesser evil
I would suffer even its further accumulations,
during the time of abeyance, as the only means
whereby the people, m the exercise of their con-
stitutional light, if that right be not forcibly taken
from them, may institute an Administration whose
advent will assure the accomplishment of their
great desire. The olivc-branch of pcace, which
it has been well said should accompany the sword
of war, has been ignored m all of this bloody war
of oms. The maxim athousand times expressed
is, "No negotiation until the last rebel lays down
Ins arms." WhatamalicioussentimentI Whynot
negotiate on just and honorable terms to induce
the enemy to lay down his arms ? Will you send
millions of your fellow-citizens to the slaughter
upon a mere point of etiquette? Let a people
whose moral and political senses are awakened
correct this evil at the ballot-box.
Inasmuch as I have undertaken to comment
somewhatupon the conduct of the war, I feel con-
strained to allude to another matter of great mo-
ment which has stricken the public mind with
surprise and regret, and weakened the confidence
of many in the integrity of the Administration.
i said heretofore in my remarks that at the com-
mencementof the war the principal military talent
and ac.complishmentof the country was possessed
by men belonging to the Demociatic party. I
icpeat the asseiuon, not foi the purpose of boast-
ing, but because it becomes an important consid-
eration when we seek for an explanation of the as-
tonishing course which has been pursued by the
President in relation to the command of our ar-
mies. Those Democrats of military capacity were
among the first to proffer their services to the Ad-
ministration to aid in putting down the rebellion
and restoimg the supremacy of the Government
and the Union. They did not suppose that they
would be compelled to don the complexion of the
Ethiop to save their epaulets, nor that their tac-
tics would be ovei ruled by one having no military
knowledge whatever, though the Constitution had
added to his civil function the theoretic capacity
of Commander-in-Chief. Foremost among these
men who hastened to the standard of their coun-
try, mapped out the war, planned its campaigns,
and laid down the sagacious strategy winch, if
supported and not interrupted, would have accom-
plished the people's object, was that distinguished
general whose name is so honorably associatei
with the campaigns, battles, and strategy which
resulted in tin; icconquestnnd restoiation of West
Virginia; who saved against the persistent assaults
of vastly superior forces, against the violation ol
faith by the Administration to which he looked
in vain for promised support, that most gallant
of all modern armies, the army of the Potomac.
Under the command of any general of less than
the highest military capacity that ai my would have
been lost. Thanks for its preservation are due
only to the great ability and watchful vigilance of
its chief commander, by which its lanks were not
only maishuled according to the highest military
science, but also imbued with the discipline and
bravery which made it unconquerable.
The incidents and result ofthe seven days ot hat-
ties on the Peninsula placed the name of the com-
mands , and the army into which he had breathed
lus own spirit, high on the roll of fame, befote
it was known or even suspected by the country
that the terrible emergency had been broughtupou,
the general and his gallant army by the neglect
and refusal of the Administration to supply the
promised means to insure the salvation,of the
army and the accomplishment of the object of
their pursuit,the capture of the confederate,capital.
The next incident which befell thg general after
the accomplishment of his eminent success
his suspension from command. What induced*
this strange measuVe? Itwas not that hc-had)iot
taken Richmond, for, as wc have seen, the fault
of the failure was not his. The country has passed
upon that question and is recording its judgment *
now. That judgment is that the Administration
and the great party-power which controlled it re-
quired of military commanders something moire
than a straightforward prosecution of the war for
the defeat of the confederate power and the res-
toration of the constitutional Government. The
commander of the army of the Potomac was not
sufficiently interested in the abolition policy of
the Republican party. He had not sufficiently
advanced in the science of ethnology to perceive
that, the negro was better adapted to the duties of
a soldier than white men. The scheme of recon-
structing States upon the plan of the proclama-
tion had not entered into his policy. Confiscating
the plantations of the South into the hands of
noi thet n disunionists to be cultivated by enforced
negro labor under a system winch, while itgives
the high-sounding name of freedmen to slaves,
exacts their toil and sweat at a lesscornpensation
than they received from their former masters, did
not enter into his plan. Placing " the round and
top of sovereignty" upon the heads of one tenth
of the people of a State to secure fiom a meager
minority made up of proteges the electoral votes
of that State was not in his contemplations. Ex-
cluding from the Army all sources of political in-
formation, except such as were most fully com-
mitted to the Administration and denunciatory of
all criticism upon it, enforcing the distinction of
keeping Democrats in the ranks and sending Re-
publicans to their homes at great expense to the
Government to vote in behalf of the Administra-
tion, were useful political appliances, but were not
regarded by the general as among the legitimate
appliances of war. That military ability and
military success could not long secure the coun-
tenance of the Administiation to a general so re-
miss in more important things is evident to those
who know the history of the.times.
After the deposition of General McClellan from
command, the army of the Potomac, under a new
leader, fought another battle. The result o-f that
battle, as everybody knows, was to send its broken
ranks, dispersed and demoralized, before a con-
queiing foe, who took advantage of the rout to
invade the upper States and the capital itself. It
was a time of awful peril; the boldest heart pal-
pitated with fear; the emergency was pressing.
Ulterior considerations gave way for the moment
to the most certain means of saving the capital
and of freeing from hostile occupation the territory
over which the enemy's battalions were victo-
riously tramping. All thoughts were concen-
trated upon the deposed McClellan. He was
called again in that dread hour to his command.
Order immediately sprang ftom confusion: cour-
age succeeded to panic and affright. Among other
importaniachievemeiits the great battles of South
Mountain and Antietam were fought and won.
Defeated in both of those engagements, our ene-
mies w ue dnven across the Potomac, foiled of all
their sanguine expectations by the bravery of the
army which under another command they had so
recently dispersed. The judgment of the country
is that without the timely intervention of that gen-
eial the invasion would have been in a great de-
gree success!ul, and that the public edifices of the
capital nuijht have piesented to the nation's view
nothing but incongruous masses of broken and
mined masoniy.
After a short space necessaiily spent in recruit-
ing the energies of our men after these terrible and
exhausting struggles, and when the general hav-
ing purstud and overtaken the retreating enemy
was about to attack him, with as reasonable ex-
pectations of his capture as the exigencies of
modern warfare admit, lie was again dismissed
from his command. Though tears coursed down
the cheeks ofthe hardy war-worn sohheis at the
separation again lepeated, they were of no avail.
Sciviccs could be dispensed with when the enc-
