1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cided to pass it. Bat the rule of the Senate gives
two days in which to enter the motion to recon-
sider, and if a Senator gives notice of the propo-
sition to reconsider the biii is always retained.
The Senate of course have a right to say that it
Khali not be retained; buf I only speak of what
has been the usage.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This resolution as I un-
derstand has passed by a vote of 23 in the affirm-
ative to 14 in the negative. I understand it to be
clearly the ] urpose of the majority of the Senate
to pass it. It is of that class of measures that is
necessary to be passed at once if passed at all,
and that ought to take effect at once. I therefore
renew the motion to reconsider, and will ask a
vote of the Senate upon it at once.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to call up the report
of the committee of conference on the bill to es-
tablish a Bureau of Military Justice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the special order
will be taken up, and then I shall have no objec-
tion. Will that report take any time ?
Mr. WILSON. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
call up the bill which is the order of the day, the
bill (H. R. No. 395) to provide a national cur-
rency, secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, and that bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Now, with the consent of the
Senator from Ohio, I make the motion that I have
indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 208) to es-
tablish a Bureau of Military Justice.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of confeience appointed to take into
consideration the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill of the. House No. 3U3, to establish a Bureau of Mil-
itary Justice, having met, alter full and fiee conference,
have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their re-
Hpoetjvc Houses to agiee as follows :
That the Senate recede l'rom their several amendments
to the bill of the House of Repiesentatives, and agree to
the tame without amendment.
Mr. HALE. I wish to know of the chairman
of the committee if that report leaves the offi-
cers of this bureau to be paiffas the officers of the
Army are to be paid?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. Then 1 hope the Senate will not
agree to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what were the points of dispute.
Mr. WILSON. I will state the whole matter
in a very few words. The House of Represent-
atives passed a bill establishing a Bureau of Mil-
itary Justice, making the head of that bureau a
brigadier general, and giving him two assistants
with the rank of colonel. The Committee on
Military Affairs of the Senate had the impression
that the rank of major would be suffieientfor those
assistants, and they so reported. When the bill
was before the Sena te that amend men t o f the Com- l (
mittee was lost and an amendment was adopted !|
that the two assistants should have a salary of j
<3 000 a year, and the Judge Advocate General |
should have a salary of $4,000 a year, with the j
rank of a brigadier general. The House of Repre- ,
sentatives did not concur in those amendments, M
and a committee of conference was appointed, j.
The question ramc up in that conference whether ;
the committee would agree to the amendments or |
the Senate. The facts were presented, the sta- ,
tistics and points argued in the committee; and |
the committee on the pait of the Senate receded ,
from the amendments of the Senate. _ In the hist j
place, they considered that it was makmgan myid- .
ions distinction against those officers and against ,
General Holt. The Adjutant Genera , General ;
Taylor, General Meigs, and all the other heads ;
of these other bureaus, have the pay anc, emo u-
menus of a brigadier general. I he head of this ,
Military Bureau has as much work to do as any ,i
officer in the Government. During the first tlnce i
months of this year over eight thousand and sixty ,
cases came before it. They have only been able i
to dispose of nineteen hundred with all the f°rce j
they had there, much less than one third oi the j
cases. The countiy is suffei ing at a rate, per- •
haps, of millions of dollars a year because this
business is not kept up as it ought to be. It was
stated that we ought to have the'se two additional
officers with the rank of colonel at any rate; that
we wanted two able and strong men in these po-
sitions who would have the proper inferior offi-
cers under them detailed, so that the_ immense
business which comes from the armies of the
country could be promptly disposed of. The pe-
cuniary interests of the country and the adminis-
tration of justice and the government of the Ar-
my require this business to be kept up promptly.
We are to-day some eightor nine thousand cases
behindhand.
Mr. GRIMES. How many officers have you
got in that bureau?
Mr. WILSON. There are a few detailed offi-
cers. I do not know the number.
Mr. GRIMES. This bill diminishes them.
Mr. WILSON. I think not. At any rate, the
committee of conference thought on the presenta-
tion of the farts of the case that the Senate ought
to recede from these amendments, and they have
so reported.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
one question. What will be the difference be-
tween passing the House bill and passing our
amendments?
Mr. WILSON. I think the difference in the
aggregate v(ill be from two to three thousand dol-
lars a year. It will be the difference between the
pay and emoluments of a brigadier general and
$4,000 and the pay and emoluments of two colo-
nels and a compensation of $3,000. That is the
difference.
Mr. HALE. I wish the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would inform the Senate how much
quicker the same men will get through with the
business, which he says clogs up this office, by
giving them the rank of colonel?
Mr. WILSON. The Senate by its vote determ-
ined to give these assistants that rank. That
was not the question in the committee of confer-
ence. The only question there was the question
of compensation. The Senate gave these assist-
ants the rank of colonel.
Mr. HALE. How much quicker would they(,
get through the business by having the rank, pay,1
and emoluments of colonels than if they had a
fixed salary ? How much does he think the busi-
ness would suffer by giving them a fixed salary ?,
The argument for agreeing to this report he tells
us is the great amount of cases that are now on
hand, and the great necessity of their being dis-
posed of at once. I wish to know' how much
more quickly they will be disposed of by paying
these men the uncertain sum, the amount of
which nobody knows, ofthe pay and emoluments
of colonels, than if they had a simple salary of
three or four thousand dollars a year. Sir, it is
a vicious way of paying salaries. It is a way
that I have fought ever since I have had the honor
of a seat on the floor of the Senate. 1 have la-
bored again and again to have this system aban-
doned in the Army. It is now abandoned in the
Navy. We pay there a fixed salaiy, and there
is no difficulty about it. We oughtto puv a fixed
salaiy in the At my. But here it is proposed to
extend this uncertain payment to the civil service;
for tills is nothing but a part of the civil service.
It is a court, a judicial tribunal that you are es-
tablishing to try military offenses; and, in my
humble judgment, it is not only not necessary but
absurd to give it any such rule as this. I think
the thing is so vicious that the Senate ought not
to recede from its amendments. This is a very
simple thing. The House insist upon paying
judicial office!s by a standard, giaduating their
'pay according to the rank and emoluments of cer-
tain officers of the Army, and 1 venture to say
that there is not a man in this Senate who can tell
what they are. Besides, m some years it will be
more than in others, and under some circum-
stances it will be more than others. I think they
I ought to be paid a fixed salary. If g,3,UlX) is not
j enough, I would give them $4,000; 1 would give
! them anything; but I would know what I gave
1 them. I hope the Senate will not concur in this
1 repoit.
i Mr. WILSON. I will say to the bonatnr from
; New Hampshire that if Ins views prevail we
shall be departing from what has alwoys been
the policy of the Government. His objection
applies to our Adjutant General, to our Quarter-
master General, tbour Commissary General,arid',
to General Ramsey of the ordnance department.
They all receive the pay and emoluments of a
brigadier general, whatever they may be, and
this is to be a military bureau." Colonel Holt J?"
now filling the place. By this bill we tnake Mnr
a brigadier general". I venture to'say' there are
very few men in the Government or the country'
who labor more hours or 'render greater service,
to the country than Colonel Holt is doing
placc. 1 think he would feel, his friends would-
feel, and we should all feel that it would lifr a
degradation to him to make a general of -him and
at the same time notgive him \Wiat we give other' ■
brigadier generals. We have made the Provost
Marshal General a brigadier general. I .do nots
wish to underrate the importance of that office,
but we have made him a brigadier general with
all the rights, privileges, and pay of a brigadier
general, and now it is proposed to select General
Holt out and degrade him, and degrade the offi-
cers under him, in a department of this Govern-
ment overwhelmed with business, and in which
they have got to bring great legal learning and
great industry. . .
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to occupy time,
but if this thing is to go on, why not make the
Solicitor ofthe War Department a brigadier gen-
eral?
Mr. WILSON. That is a different thing. .
Mr. HALE. It is a different thing, because
one is a judge and the other a solicitor. They
are both civil officers. These are civil officers to.
all intents and purposes. I hope the Senate will
adhere to the position they have taken. I ask'
for the yeas and nays on the question of concur-
ring in this report.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Doolittlo, Foot, Foster, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Jjnno
of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Powell, Ramsey, Sumner, Van
Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Garble, Chandler, Cowan,
Davis, Fessemlen, Grimes, Hale, Hat Imi, Henderson, John-
son, i'omeroy, Slieiman, Sprague, Wade, and Wilkinson
—16.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum voting. _ _
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Two Senators have
left the Chamber who will be back In a few mo-
ments. I was told to inform the Senate that the
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Harding] would be
absent but for a little while. I therefore move
that the absentees be called again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote has
been announced.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. I do not see any use in sitting
heie when there is no quorum present.
Mr. FOSTER and Mr. POMEROY called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 23; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlilc, Collamer, Cormc-5,
Cowan, Davi?, Giiines, Hale, Riddle, and Sumner 10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Olaik, Doolittle. Fe^sendcn,
Foot Fostei. Harlan, Henderson,Howe, Johnson, Lane ot
Indiana, banc of Ka«i*a«, Moigan, Morrill, £™cw,Pow-
rli, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle, W ilkms>on,
yViiley, and Wilson—23.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
refuses to adjourn, but the vote shows that the
Senate is without a quorum.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to request the attendance of
absent members. , * , . . ,
Mr. COLLAMER. I have an objection to that.
I have heretofore objected to it, and I object to it
now. Unless you direct the Scrgeant-at-Arms to
keep those who are now here present it will uo
no good to send the Sergeant-at-Arms after those
who are not here to get them in. .
Mr. WILSON. Lock the doors.
Mr. COLLAMER. No such arrangement has
ever been niude in this Senate, ihere is no iuIq
for it, and we cannot do any such thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 believe some business has
interposed since the last motion to adjourn was
made. I will therefore renew the motion to ad-
journ. I do not think there is any use in us sit-
ting here without a quorum. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
I The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
1 Mr FOOT {when his name was called) said:
