3032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
section thirteen to strike out "2 cents" and in-
sert " lcent;" so as to make the clause read: " On
palm-leaf fans, 1 cent each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirteen,
line forty-six,after " porcelain" to insert" lava;"
after "pipes" in line forty-seven to insert "and
pipe-bowls, not herein otherwise provided for;"
and in line forty-nine to strike out " 50" and in-
sert " 75;"-so as to make the clause read:
On meerschaum, wood, poicelain, lava, anil all other to-
bacco-smoking pipes and pipe bowls, not herein otherwise
provided for, $1 50 per gross, and in addition thereto 75
per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendment was in line fifty of scction
thirteen, after " sterns" to insert" tips;" in line
fifty-two after "fixtures'' to insert "and all
smoker's articles," and to strike out " 100" and
insert" 75*,'* so as to make the clause read:
On pipo cases, pipe stems, tips, mouth-pieces, and me-
tallic mournings lor pipes, and all parts of pipes or pipe fix-
tures, and all smoker's articles 75 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-four of
section thiiteen to strikeout'4 pipe"before " tips"
and insert u pen," so as to make the item read:
"On pen-tips and pen-holders, or parts thereof,
35 per cent, ad valorem."
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insertattheend of
section thirteen: " On ricc, cleaned and uncieaned,
2 cents per pound; on paddy, 1 centper pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eighteen,
line two, to strike out "aforesaid" and insert
" this act shall take effect."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eighteen,
lines five, six, and seven, to strike out M silk, raw
or unmanufactured, or not more advanced in man-
ufacture than singles, tram, thrown, or organ-
zine," and insert " raw cotton;" so as to make the
section lend:
Sec. 18. And he U further enacted, Thaton ami after the
day and year this act shall take effect there shall be levied,
collected, and paid on all goods, wares, and meichandife
of the gmwth or produce of countries eaj-t of the Cape of
Good IJope, (except raw cotton,) when imported irotn
places we^-tot the Cape-of Good Hope, a duty of 10 per
cent, ad valorem, in addition to the duties Imposed on any
such aitieies when imported directly Irom the placeor
place* of their giowth or pioduotion. Provided, That sec-
tion three of the act approved Aiigu-t 5, 1861, entitled
"An act to provide increased revenue from imports, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other purposes," and
section fourteen of the act approved July 14,186$, entitled
"An act ineleasing temporarily the rates ot duties on im-
noitSj and fm other purposes," be, and the &ameare here-
by, repealed.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have received a letter on
this subject to which 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, and as the letter states the mut-
ter much better than 1 can I will read it. My
objection is to striking out that portion of this
exception which applies to " silk,  aw or unmanu-
factured, or not mmead variced than singles, tram,
thrown, ororganzine." The letter to which I have
referred refeis to the section as it passed the House
of Representatives, and claims that that is right,
it says:
"The Senate Finance Committee have repotted an
amendment to the 4 tariff bill' as passed by the Oou>e, to
make ' ti/nn and organzuie in gum pay 10 pei cent, addi-
tional duf), being shipped fiom countries I it is fide ot the
Cape of Good Hope,' the raw material being a growth of
countries beyond the Capo ofGood Ilope. We have been
Hiug«ling hard lor the pa>t (.ince years to manulactuie
♦bonnet nbbons' in this country, and have succeeded m
making them equal m quahtv to foreign ubbons; but Inbor
being so much lower in Knglaml, France, and .Switzerland,
we cannot compete in price. Theiearc now some twenty
ribbon manufacturer*, in America. If vou put this addi-
tional duty on tram, otgmi2suie,und -spun Mik, >ou will rum
every one of us. Wc pray you to p\ss the bill as ir came
from the limine, and m alewyeats you will find thou>amls
of foreign vve.iveis will come to this eountiv, and we Mmll
be able to piodn^e all the ribbons and silk piece goods re-
quired foi home consumption."
This letter comes from New York from parties
with whom I am notfamihar and of whom I have
no knowledge; but from the facts stated here, it
would seem that the section should stand as it
was fiamed by the House of Representatives. I
believe the Senafor from New York hasalsosome
information on this subject, and is in favor ofthe
section as it came from the other House. Under
these circumstances i ask that the amendmentas
proposed by the committee be not concurred in.
Thisisaveryinfeiioi kind of article, Iundersnunl;
itisgenerally the waste of another kind of article,
the silk in the gum, or a portion of it is; and if
this amendment be adopted it will be subject to a
duty of 10 per cent., and the manufacture of rib-
bons made from this article wili be interrupted
and the business ruined in this country.
Mr. HARRIS. I also am opposed to the amend*-
ment proposed by the Finance Committee so far
as it proposes to strike out the exception made
by the House of Representatives. That portion
ofthe amendment which proposes to add" raw
cotton" to the exception I have no objection to.
Indeed I am in favor of that. I understand that
there are in this country now quite a number of
silk manufactories; that that kind of manufacture
has been growing, increasing in thecountry; that
it is yet in its infancy, that it has to strugglehard
with foreign competition. Now it is proposed to
place upon the raw silk, the article that they use
in their manufactures, aduty of 10 per cent. It-is
10 per cent, when imported from England, in fact,
and not when imported from beyond the Cape of
Good Hope. Jn fact practically it is 10 per
ccnt. upon the importation of the article. These
manufacturers cannot import it from beyond the
Cape of Good Hope, and do not. They go to
England for their stock. Here is a duty of 10
per cent, imposed upon the raw, material that they
use in this manufacture. If its effect should be,
ns I apprehend it may be, to stifle, to crush, to
destroy these factories, the Government will be
the loser by it. If we allow these factories to go
on, if they can he sustained, if they can import
this raw material and wot k it up, they will pay an
internal duty of 5 per cent, on their manufac-
tures and we shall get much more by that duty
than we shall if we stop these factories or cripple
their interests so that they cannot go on. in my
judgment, it will be wise, the Government will
increase its revenues, to abandon this proposition
to put a duty of 10 per cent, upon the raw silk
imported.
Mr. CLARK. I think, from the remarks of
the Senator fiom New York and also those of
the Senator from New Jetsey, they have notcon-
sidered another inteiest that there is m the coun-
try, and that is the manufactuie of this raw silk.
If you allow it to come in free from duty you
strike at the manufacture of it in this country,
which is a large interest. The committee desire
to protect both. They desire to put a protection
upon the manufacture of raw silk and also on the
manufacture of ribbons. The manufacture of
the lower lands of raw silk has gained a consid-
erable foothold, such as would come in under this
duty. We had deputations from both branches
befoie us, and while the ribbon manufacturers said
they would be stricken down without protection,
the silk manufacturers said they would be stricken
down unless they were protected. The true way
is to lay such a duty as will protect the domestic
manufacture against the foreign, and then put an
additional duty on the foreign article so as to pro-
tect the ribbon manufacturer and let him make
ribbons. If Senators will turn their attention to
page 26, section eight, they will find that we have
already laid a duty of 60 per cent, ad valorem on
ribbons. That would seem to be enough to pro-
tect the ribbon manufacturers in this country.
If it is*not, the committee will have no objection
to make it more.
Mr. HARRIS. The factory that I more par-
ticularly know about, i« one engaged in import-
ing this rtCw silk and manufacturing it into pat-
terns.
Mr. CLARK. But then it comes directly in
competition with the man who manufactures the
raw silk in this country. The ribbon manufac-
turers also are opposed to the duty, because they
want to import the article and make it into rib-
bons. It is necessary to impose your duty so as
to protect them all around. There is another
' consideration, that if you strike out this excep-
; lion you encourage our people to importdirectly
j from beyond the Cape of Good Hope, and you
i do not give a protection to those who take the
' articles from that region into England and other
|j countries and then bring them here. It is very
ii true that our commerce is sweptaway from those
j; seas to a very great extent now, but the principle
| is an important one.
Mr. HARRIS. The manufacture is not ex-
i tensive enough 10 justify the manufacturers to
•i import from Asia
Mr. CLARK. And yet it may under the fos-
tering cate of Congress grow up ia be a very-
large manufacture. So with many foreign wools
introduced. "We should encourage the direct im-
portation. Now our foreign wools are brought
through England to a large extent, but we hope
that by and by our interest will be so great that
we shall encourage the direct importation.
Mr. HARRIS. I am very much afraid that
this will add 25 per cent, and stop the silk manu-
facturers. The 10 per cent, duty at the present
price of gold is equal to 20 per cent, on the import-
ation, and the importers of course wili add 5 per
cent.
Mr. CLARIC. Does the Senator desire to break
down those who manufacture the raw silk in this
country?
Mr. HARRIS. I do not understand that there
is much of it.
Mr. CLARK. Not a very large amount, but
it is growing into quite a business.
Mr. HARRIS. My apprehension is that if
you add 25 per cent, to the cost of the raw silk
imported you crush those who use it as the raw
material of their manufacture in this country.
Mr. CLARK. Undoubtedly we do add some-
thing, and we do it for the purpose of protecting
our own manufacturers.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I think the Senator from
New Hampshire designs to do the same thing that
J desire to do, to protect the manufacturer of this
raw silk. Now, I understand that it is to be done
in just this way: by striking out this amendment
of the Finance Committee. The manufacturers
who use this raw material say that London is the
gieat center for it, that five sixths of all the raw
silk that is manufactured in this country has to
be procured in London, that it cannot be obtained
beyond the Cape ofGood Hope in sufiicientquan-
tities to answer the demands of the manufactur-
ers. The consequence is that this duty will debar
them from having an opportunity of acquiring
this material free of duty, and the Senator from
New Hampshire by insisting on this amendment
is actually crippling the very business that he de-
signs to aid and protect—this young silk manu-
facture in this country. I am informed by gen-
tlemen of high intelligence engaged in this business
that upon tins class of material they do not want
discrimination, but the very same men ask for the
duty on other silks imported which the Finance
Committee have conceded to them. They are the
identical persons engaged in the same business.
1 hope the committee will not insist upon their
amendment to this section; but if they are not sat-
isfied they can look further into the subject, and
we can alter the provision when the bill comes
into the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. If we make no amendment but
agree to the section as it comes from the other
House, the question will be beyond the power of
further consideration. Undoubtedly what the
Senator from New Jersey says would be true if
there were but one variety of manufacture; then
they would desire to have their raw material free
of duty that they might manufacture it; but there
are manufacturers that need protection as well,
and so it becomes nccessary to protect the whole.
It is very similar to the matter of railroad iron.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think this matter is
hardly understood. It will be noticed that for
several years our policy has been as a general
rule to levy 10 per cent, additional duty upon
ffoods coming from beyond the Cape of Good
Hope, when they are imported into this country
from piaccs this side of the cape. The English
having the ability to import perhaps at a cheaper
rate than we can import these eastern articles,
our merchants and manufacturers get them from
England. To encourage direct importations and
the use of our own ships, we have provided here-
tofore that on ail articles the production of coun-
tries beyond the Cape of Good Hope 10 per
cent, additional duty should be levied when they
were imported from places this side of the cape.
That operates precisely in the way it was de-
signed to operate; but with reference to two or
three articles there have been exceptions. One
is this raw silk, and the committee propose to ex-
cept raw cotton. The importation of i aw cotton
is not very large, but in the present wants of the
manufacturers it is deemed advisable to allow it
to be imported without the additional duty.
The 10 per cent, additional which is put on
