1080
THE OOJSTGliESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
March 12,
my was on his retreat which were indispensable
when he was on his advance.
It is interesting to the unprejudiced to see that
the obscurity which for a long period involved
the policy of the Administration toward the gen-
eral before mentioned is being illuminated by
truthful and circumstantial history which has too
long been suppressed. The interested people are
now permitted to judge, from the facts before
them, what policy and whose' policy, supported
and not overruled through inadmissible motives,
would ere this time probably, in the result cer-
tainly, have conquered the rebellion and restored
the union of States, if military conquest achieved
upon the principles of right and justice be capa-
ble of leading to such a result.
The limitation of my time prevents me from
proceeding further upon this subject; but in con-
cluding, I conjure this House and the country, by.
the reverence we have for the memory of our
fathers; by a just regard for all that made us a
prosperous and happy people; by all our yearn-
ing desire for the liberty and prosperity of those
who are to come after us; by all the holy patriot-
ism that ever was enshrined in the American heart;
by the considerations of self-protection and duty
to God, to stop the course of this revolution which
threatens to prostrate the very citadel of our lib-
erties, and seek not for repose till the Government
of 1787 be rescued from the grasp of abolitionism
and reinstated in its rightful sway.
RIGHT OF SOLDIERS TO VOTE.
Mr.GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, I much dis-
like to detain the committee at this late hour, but
i should justly be charged with cowardice, with
poltroonery, with conduct unbecoming a man, if
I did not at the first opportunity rise to repel the
slanders and the most unjustifiable and most in-
decent insinuations of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr.Cox]—I will not say uttered here, butwhich
would have been such if uttered elsewhere. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] had not the man-
liness to remain in his seat. Nor did lie dare to
8tay to listen to a reply to lus insinuation. Why
is he not here ? He was pierced by the lance of
the military gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. 1)d-
mont,] who served up his apostate party with
great justice. And now he comes to the rescue
of himself, and he did not find it convenient to fin-
ish his speech without making allusion to myself
in language which, in order that 1 may do no in-
justice to the gentleman, 1 will quote from his
speech as just taken down by the reporters:
"Just sw I would cvprivu my astonishment :it hearing
anything decent from the gentleman fiom Iowa, [Mr. Guin-
neil.j"
That, sir, is the language of the accomplished
Democratic would-be leader of the Ilodse—a gen-
tleman who has written a book which comes back
to torment him. What has stirred up the gen-
tleman'sire against me ? 1 will tell you in a few
words. The gentleman from Ohio made a most
uncalled-for, undignified, and wanton assault upon
one class of people whose condition and liability
to being drafted was discussed in this Hall; he
called them everything that is base, t obtained
the floor to reply, and 1 stated that theoniy fault
the gentleman could find with the clergymen of
this country was m this offense, that they were
roost conscientiously, as before God, devoting
then- time, giving one day in the week to the devil
and the remaining six days to his party in its
apostasy. That troubled the gentleman, and the
first time he got the opportunity he rose with a
purpose to insult me by using impertinence such
asl have quoted, and this is the third opportunity
he has found.
Sir, I have never bandied words with a gentle-
man in all my life. I have been a peace man,
having never raised my arm to assault a man in
my life, having better weapons of defense. But,
sir, it would be dastardly and unbecoming in me
if I did not rise now to repel the foul slanders of
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will remember that an hour ago, in conse-
quence of this evening being devoted to general
discussion, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
left his seat upon this floor.
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, sir; he left it like a
coward, if that is parliamentary.
Mr. ZiOLMAN. The gentleman from Iowa
might not use those terms if my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] were present. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Iowa yield to the gentleman from Indiana?
Mr.GRINNELL. No, sir. I was but reply-
ing to a most unprovoked assault upon myself.
The member from Ohio knows thatnew members
upon this floor are not for months familiar with
the parliamentary rules of this House; and he en-
deavors to frown down and put under his feet gen-
tlemen whose opinions he despises, and the ad-
vocacy of their opinions by myself is not as pleas-
ant to him as it might be, no doubt. I stand here
on my rights in advocacy of my principles to in-
vite his assaults in the name of a State which has
sent a united delegation here in behalf of the prin-
ciples-and purposes that I represent.
The gentleman is pierced and wounded here
by truth applied to himself and party, and yet
he could go to another city, although his party
has declared that the question of slavery is not
to go into the next presidential campaign, and
has derided the speaking of women for liberty in
this Hall, and act as escort to a woman who has
been upon the "boards" at a theater, a woman
who got up before an intelligent audience in Brook-
lyn—-I presume intelligent because they arc an
intelligent and I trust patriotic people, to have
contributed §400,000 to provide for our soldiers—
and stated that "negroes" are legal tender, always
have been legal tender, and always will be legal
tender; a statement fit for the applause of aban-
doned prostitutes only, and oily demagogues. The
gallantry of the gentleman from Ohio induced him
to indorse thislady of the boards, and to state, after
she had concluded, that she had uttered t( words of
gold and syllables of silver,"when all inderision
of the Government and the poor. He gets up
before an audience in New York, with a polit-
ical companion in petticoats, to dignify feminine
treason 
Mr. HOLMAN. [ rise to a point of order.
It is not in order for the gentleman to diag ladies
in petticoats upon this floor.
Mr. GRINNELL. I refer to the ladies as I
please without asking the gentleman's pardon.
And I here proclaim the apostasy of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Cox] who dare not remain
here in the Hall, and I proclaim the apostasy of
his party. Yes, sir, that was what stung the gen-
tleman last week when I placed his party where
it belongs, and said that in every State in this
Union but one when; the question of the rights of
soldiers to vote was agitated, the gentleman's
party showed that they despised the soldier, and
despised the work in which be was engaged, and
were in league with the traitors in arms against
this country. 1 repeat the charge.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman make
that charge against the Democratic party?
Mr.GRINNELL. If the gentleman's inter-
ruption does not come out of my time, I will hear
his question.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be deducted from
the gentleman's time unless unanimous consent
be given otherwise. No objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the Democratic party are opposed
to the soldiers?
Mi. GIUNNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. In what respect?
Mr. GRINNELL. In this rcsnect: that in
every Stute where the question of the soldiers
exercising the right of elective franchise has come
up, his party, witli one exception, has arrayed
itself against the right. 1
Mr. HOLMAN. Docs not the gentleman know
that in the State of Ohio the Democrats brought
forward a proposition allowing the soldiers to
vote, and til at the Republicans voted it down?
Mr. GRINNELL. And at the next session of
the Legislature every Democrat noted against it.
And further; at the present session of the Legis-
lature, when the question arose m regard to un-
seating members who were clected by soldiers'
votes, every Democrat in the Legislature voted
to unseat men because they were elected by sol-
diers' votes.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the gentleman from
Iowa surely know that the constitution of Ohio
does not allow citizens to vote unless they vote
in their own county and their own precinct?
Mr. GRINNELL. Then I ask the gentleman
what becomes of the constitutional Democrats
spoken of who proposed to give them the rightto
vote?
Mr. HOLMAN. They were willing to go be-
yond the constitution and confer the right.
Mr. GRINNELL. The supreme court of Ohio
decided that the soldiers had a right to vote, and
when the question was brought up in the Legis-
lature the Democrats said they had no right to
vote.
Mr. HOLMAN, Would thegentleman disre-
gard the provisions of the constitution upon that
subject?
Mr. GRINNELL. No, sir. And how did the
Democrats of Indiana vote upon the question of
allowing soldiers to vote? I can tell you.
Mr. HOLMAN. The constitution of Indiana
.requires that the vote shall be cast in the town-
ship and precinct in which the voter resides, and
the Democratic members of the Legislatuie voted
in conformity to that constitutional limitation. If
there is a Democrat in Indiana who is opposed to
the soldiers in the field exercising the right of the
elective franchise, if it can be done in conformity
to the constitution of the State, I do not know it;
and if there is such a Democrat I condemn him
as recreant to his party faith and party organiza-
tion.
Mr. BOYD. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON. I object to any further inter-
ruption.
Mr. GRINNELL. The gentleman from In-
diana belongs to the " other wing " of his party.
He belongs to what is called the war-wing of tne
party; but that wing is so much plucked and small
and the body so weak that it does not seem to carry
the bird at all, while the peace wing of the party
is so large and strong that it carries it about and
around in a circle. Thegentleman is " an uncer-
tain quantity" in his party, and he knows hecan-
not control it nor hide its deformity. He rimy be
n, patriot, a scholar, and an honest man, but he
does not belong, in any controlling sense, with the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] or with thegen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Fernando Wood.]
Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to detain the com-
mittee long; let me return to the matter in hand.
When interrupted by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holman,] I was charging upon the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] that he has de-
graded his party, degraded real Democratic prin-
ciples, belied his professions in this House, by
going to the city of Brooklyn and there proclaim-
ing that ho approved a specch delivered by a
woman there, steeped in treason, in which it was
said that negroes were legal tender, and always
had been and always would be. And yet the sla-
very question is not to go into the next presiden-
tial canvass!
Sir, he cannotstay the tide nor the starsin their
courses. Slavery will go into the next presidential
canvass. Lookatyourcandidates. Youmaytake
the present pandering Governor of New York,
who addressed the bloody mob in New York city
as " my friends," with inadvertence butin truth,
as your candidate; or you may take as yourcan-
didate that general—a failure, relapsed, and apos-
tate—who has never been within range of a rifle
or a rifled cannon, and who, after a seven days'
retreat, sat down to indite a political platform for
our President he did not help to make. You may
present such a candidate to the people  
Mr. HOLMAN. Surely the gentleman does
not refer to General McClellan.
Mr. WILSON. I object to any interruption
of my colleague.
Mr. GRINNELL. The gentleman from In-
diana seems to be very much disturbed because
I choose to allude to General McClellan. I be-
lieve that his nomination as an exponent of De-
mocracy for that high position would be the
broadest farce, and would provoke derision and
laughter even in that far depth down where I have
no doubt there are sympathetic correspondences
with the " Buckeye," notabroad, but at home.
Sir, the gentleman knows where Ins party
stands. He knows its history, and this question
of soldiers voting, and others, will come home to
him. He, too, will also have to answer in voting
for a Chaplain of this House for the only minister
in the loyal States of this Union who believes that
God is in favor of slavery.
