1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
question of order that the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Ohio is out of order, as not
being consistent with the series of resolutions to
distribute certain portions of the President's mes-
sage. This amendment has nothing whatever to
do with that subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment is in order, for when business is sent to a
committee the House is competent to instruct that
committee.
Mr. WASHBI&NE, of Illinois. The reso-
lution merely instructs the committees named to
do their duty.
Mr. COX. Yes; and gives them power to
send for persons and papers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It assumes
that these committees would not do their full duty
unless specially instructed.
The SPEAKER. When matters are referred
to committees it is competent for the House to
instruct thorn.
Mr. COX. I will modify my resolution by
striking out the words " so that the appointment
of such committees may not become, as hereto-
fore, nugatory.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will also strike out the concluding part of
his resolution. I think it too early to begin to
authorize committees to send for persons and pa-
pers. If they find obstructions in their way it will
be time enough then to give them that authority.
Wte have had experience of the bad effect of this
thing. I hope that part of the resolution will be
stricken out; and I will have no objection to the
rest of it.
Mr. COX. I really think that that is the es-
sence of the resolution. I want to give these
committees power to investigate these matters.
Let them go to the Departments, lop off these cor-
ruptions, if there beany; and if there be none,
there is no harm done. Let them have power to
investigate these matters fully, not half way. 1
understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
be in favor of the fullest investigation. These
are not to be roving committees.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 understand that the prop-
osition is to give these committees authority to
send for persons and papers. I have no objection
to the fullest examination. If it be necessary for
the committees to have this authority, they can
come here and ask for it; but 1 think that at pros-
.ent it is better not to give it.
Mr. COX. I would like to oblige the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania in that regard, but I
would rather withdraw the resolution at once.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I shall be obliged to
vote against it.
Mr. COX. 1 insiston my resolution; and move
the previous question on its adoption.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
* the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsideron the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
following as an amendment, and move the pre-
vious question on the whole series:
Resolved, That so much of the Piesident's message as
refers to foreign immigration bo referred to a select com-
mittee, to consist of tive members.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendment was agreed to; and the resolutions,
as amended, were adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolutions were
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN M. M. HAWS.
Mr. ELIOT asked and obtained leave to have
withdrawn from the files of the House, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, the
papers in the case of Captain M. M. Haws.
MAJOK G EX IS UAL BLUNTS REPOKT.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported the following resolution; which was
lead, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tb? Piesident of the United States be re-
quested tn furnish to Congress, if in his opinion it is com-
patible with the pub! Ic interest, a copy of the report of Major
Genera! Blunt, filed by Gilpatrick, on the matter of pecu-
lating from the Government in the subsistence, clothing,
and transporting the refugee Indians.
REPORT OF GENERA-L IVl'CLELLAN.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of the following
resolution, offered yesterday by Mr. Cox, and
laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House the report made by Major General
George B. MeClellan concerning the organization and op-
erations of the army of the Potomac while under his com-
mand, and of all Army operations while he was com-
mander-m-chief.
Mr. COX moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MASSACHUSETTS CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES presented the memorial ofGeorge
S. Sleeper, contesting the seat in this House of
Alexander H. Rice as a Representative in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress of the third district of
Massachusetts; which, together with all papers
on file relating to said contest, was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
CALL OF STATES.
The SPEAKER. The business in orderis the
call of the States and Territories for resolutions,
commencing with the State of Illinois.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That all public documents of which extra cop-
ies have been ordered to bo printed for distribution, and
which have not been deliveied to tbepei«>ons entitled there-
to under the resolution of the last House of Representatives,
shall now be delivered by the oflicer havmff possession of
the same to the Representatives m this House of those
districts whose former Repiesentatives have not drawn (he
documents to which such districts were respectively enti-
tled according to the rate of distribution established.
The resolution was adopted.
CLERK TO DISTRICT COMMITTEE.
Mr. LOVEJOY submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee for the Distiict of Colum-
bia be authorized to employ acleik, with a compensation
of four dollars a day, during the time he is actually em-
ployed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will simply say that I am
unanimously instructed by the Committee for the
District of Columbia to report that resolution,
asking for authority to employ a clerk. The
committee so instructed mo at a meeting held this
morning.
The House is already aware that this commit-
tee has the entire supervision of the business of
this District, local as well as general—the sewer-
age of the streets, and everything. If members
have read the report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, they will have noticed that there are a great
many important subjects of legislation recom-
mended by that officer to be attended to by this
House, and which must of course come before it
through this committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether it has been usual for
this committee to employ a clerk—whether they
had authority to employ one in the last Con-
gress?
Mr. LOVEJOY. They have asked for a clerk
for several sessions, but it has not been accordcd
them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor, and the motion is not,
therefore,in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman, I think, is
a little hasty. I simply wish to state these facts,
and that it is the unanimous request of the com-
mittee. Theie are some members of the piesent
committee who have been members of it hereto-
fore. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Steele] was a member of the committee in the
last Congress, and he is decidcdly of the opinion
that we actually and honestly ueed a clerk. 1
demand the previous question,on .the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to lay the .reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw it if t&e,ge**-
tleman will renew it.
Mr. ASHLEY. I will. I have served on this
committee in a former Congress, and,although-1
am not now a member of it, I desire to say to the
House what must be apparent to every gentleman
of experience here, that every member of Con-
gress, or at least of this House, ought to haye a
clerk. [Laughter.] It is impossible for a man
to do his business at all here, attend to his conv-
mitteo duties, and answer.the letters of his con-
stituents, and much less can a committee of this
importance get along without a clerk. The Com-
mittee for tiie District of Columbia ought not to
be required to get along without one,and I hope
the request of the gentleman from Illinois will at
once be granted. In accordance with my prom-
ise, I now renew the demand to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The demand for the previous
question is pending.
The motion to lay on the table was decided in
the negative—ayes 22, noes 85.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to.be put.
Mr. MORRILL. Is this a resolution to in-
crease the number of appointees of the House? *
The SPEAKER.. No debate is in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James O. Allen, William .T. Allen, Alley,
Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
JacobB. Blair, Blow, Brooks, Bioomall, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Cimnler, Cobb, Coftroth, Cole, Creswel!,
IJenry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deming,
Dixon, Dnggs, Dumont, Ecklev,Edgeiton,Eldnd<(e, Eliot,
Grinson, Garfield, Goocli, Giinnell, Griswold, Hale, Ben-
jamin C. Harris, Chailes M. Harris, Hurby, Hooper, I-Jotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, Jenckes, Ju-
lian, Kelloy, Francis VV. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, King,
Knapp, Law, Lnzear, Loan, Long, Longyear, Lovejoy,
Marvin, McAllister, McBride,McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel
F. Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Morris, James It. Morris, Mor-
rison, Amos Myers, Leonaid Myers, N'el&ou, Norton, Odell,
Charles O'Neill,Paitcison, Perham, Pike,Pomeroy, Price,
Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, AlexanderII. Rice,
John II. Rice, Robinson, Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, James
S. Rollins, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Steb-
bins, John B. Steele, Strode, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer,
Thomas Tracy, Van Valkenbuigh. Watd, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler, Williams,
Wilson, Windom, Wmlield,Fernando Wood, Woodbridge,
and Yeaman—114.
NAYS—-Messrs. Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D.
Baldwin, Bliss, Freeman Clarke, Cox, Dawson, Dennison,
English, Fmck, Harding, Hairington, dolman, Hutchins,
Kernan,Le Blond, Mallory, Matey, McDowell, McKinney,
William'If. Miller, Mouiil, Noble, John O'Neill, Ortb,
Pendleton, Radfoid, Ross, Seofield, Spaulding, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Snles, Wadswoi'tb, Chilton A. White,
and Joseph W. White—36.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BEAMAN. Is a motion to reconsider a
privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move, then, to reconsider
the vote by which the House adopted the resolu-
tion offered by the gentlema-n from Illinois, [Mr.
J. C. Allen,] in reference to the distribution ot
documents.
Mr. COX. How did the gentleman vote?
The SPEAKER. There was no vote by yeas
and nays, and in such a case any member can
move to reconsider. Does the gentleman propose
to call up the motion to reconsider at this time?
Mr. BEAMAN. Nftt until the call of the States
lias been gone through with.
The SPEAKER. It will be entered upon the
Journal,
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that it be laid upon
the table.
The resolution was read by the Clerk. On a
division, there were—ayes 81, noes 23.
Mr. BEAMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
