1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8033
hero is a protection by so much to the silk man-
ufacturers in this country. If we should not
make the exception of raw silk, they would have
to pay 10 percent, additional if they chose to deal
with England; but by making the exception they
get it from England of course without the addi-
tional duty. Those who manufacture a certain
class of articles are anxious that the exception
should continue; but the mercantile interest,on the
contrary, is desirous that the exception should
not be made. Theduty on thesearticles of which
we have been speaking was 25 per cent. Calcu-
lating this 10 per cent, additional as so much pro-
tection, it would bring it to 35 per cent., but at
their suggestion we raised the 25 per cent, to 40
per cent., adding 15 per cent, to the duty by way
of protection. They are very anxious in addition
to be relieved of the 10 per cent.
The committee on looking at it thought the ex-
ception should not be continued. They did not
feel particularly anxious, to say the truth, to give
English merchants, under existing circumstances,
any advantages which we were not required to
give for our own interest. We deemed itwise to
increase the duties and strike out the exception.
The ribbon manufacturers complain, 1 know; buff
I do not see how they can reasonably do so,having
CO per cent, protection by the bill on all manu-
factures of silk not otherwise enumerated. At
present the general late is about 35 percent., and
■ we have raised i t to 60. As we did that, it seemed
to me that this exception might very well be struck
out. As we have increased the duty on the par-
ticular article from 25 to 40 per cent., I thought
it would amount to protection enough. It will
be of advantage to our trade to encourage as far
as possible direct importations where we can do
so without interfering with our own interests. It
is, however,a matter upon which 1 have not any
very strenuous opinion, and I believe the com-
mittee are in the same position. We thought it
wisest under the ciicuiustances to make the alter-
ation heie proposed and leave it open for consid-
eration afterwards.
Mr. HARRIS. I agree with the Senator from
Maine in his views so far as trade with England
is concerned. I have no desire to encourage trade
with that country any further than our own in-
terest will be promoted by it. In relation to this
particular article my conviction is that the manu-
facturers at present will have to get their stock
from England, that the trade is not large enough
to justify them in attempting to import directly
from beyond the Cape of Good Hope. I am sure
that the stock of raw silk for these little manu-
facturing establishments will have to be ordered
directly from England. I am not sure but that
the views expressed by the Senator from Maine
in relation to it are correct. My belief is, how-
ever, that it will operate very severely and very
unjustly on these silk manufacturers. Still, I am
not disposed to press the matter further here, but
1 desiie to ask the careful attention of Senators
who will be engaged upon the committee of con-
ference on this bill to this point. My impression
is that the House of Representatives have got it
right, and I desire that Senators who may be upon
the conference committee shall give it theirattcn-
tion when they come to consider it hereafter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Finance
to the eighteenth section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in line three of section nineteen to strike
out the word "aforesaid" and insert "this act
shall take effect;" so as to read:
That all poods, wares, and merchandise which may be
In the public stoics, or bonded warehouses on the day and
yeai this net shall take ctToct shall be subjected, &.c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think those words, "on
the day and year," should be stricken out, so as
to read simply, "when this act shall takeeffect."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language of the pre-
ceding sections is," the day and year this act shall
takeeffect." .
Mr. SHERMAN. Are the new duties to be
applied to the goods in warehouse after the day
and year the act takes eftect?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The act takes effecton a
certain day, and it is to apply to everything that
is there on that day.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the chairman it that
will not apply to goods thatare m bond and have
been there for some time before the passage of this
act?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The provision is that
goods in warehouse "shall be subjected to no
other duty upon the entry thereof for consump-
tion than if the same were imported respectively
after that day." In fact it lessens the duty in a
great many cases, because the 50 per cent, reso-
lution increased the duty above this act. It is in-
tended to bring everything within the operation
of this act on the day it goes into effect.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand; butthen
goods in warehouse which were responsible only
for the duties imposed at the time they were ware-
housed, and for which, therefore, a bond to that
amount was given, will have to pay more, pro-
vided the tariff on that class of goods is increased
by this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; but the importer
has an opportunity between nowand then to take
them out if he pleases.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the next section contin-
ues the joint resolution in force.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Only up to the time this
act goes into effect. The importer can take them
out under the joint resolution if he desires to
do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. By paying 50 per cent, ad-
ditional. When we come to that I shall have a
word to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after " 1846," in line
seven of section nineteen, to insert the ivords " or
any other act," and after the words " fire-ciack-
ers,"in line eight, to strike out " deposit" and
insert " or prohibits their deposit;" so as to make
the clause read:
And so much of the net of Augu<t 6,1846, or any other
act, requires the sale of fire-crackers, or prohibits their
deposit 111 bonded warehouse, is hereby repealed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it meant to authorize the
deposit in bonded warehouses of fire-crackers ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the intention.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there not some danger in
that? It was prohibited by the act of 1846.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was under the idea
that there was danger; but they say there is not
the slightest danger, and the evidence was con-
clusive to the committee on that point. There is
very great inconvenience from the presentlaw re-
quiring them to be sold.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an ad-
ditional section the following:
Sec. —. Anile it further enacted, That on and after the
day and year this act shall take effect, it shall bo lawful Tor
the ownei, consignee, or agent of any goods, wares, or
merchandise winch shall have been actually purchased, or
piocured otherwise than by purchase, at the time when lie
shall produce his original invoice, or invoices, to the col-
lectoi, and make ami verify his written entry of his goods,
wares, and merchandise, as piovidcd by section thirty-six
of the act of March 2,1199, entitled "An act to regulate the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage," and notalter-
wards, to make sucii addition in the entry to the cost or
value given m the invoice as, in his opinion, may raise the
same to the true market value of such goods, wares, and
merchandise in the principal markets of the country
whence they shall have been imported, and to add thereto
all costs anil charges which, under existing laws, would
form nait of the true value at the port where the same may
l>e entered, upon which the duties should be assessed. And
it shall be the duty of the collcetor, within whose district
the same may be imported, or entered, to cause tile dutiable
value of such guod<, wares, and merchandise to be ap-
oraisecl, estimated, and ascertained, in accordance with the
provisions of existing laws. And if the appiaised va ue
thereof shall exceed, by 10 percent., or more, the value
so dedared on the entry, then, in addition to the duties im-
posed bv law on the same, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid a duty of 20 per cent, ad valorem on such appraised
value: Pioviied, That tin: duty shall not be. assessed upon
an amount less than the invoice or entered value, any law
of Confess to the contrary notwithstanding: Jlnd provided
farther, That, on and after the day and year atoresaid, the
eighth section of the act entitled '• An act reducing the duty
on imports, and tor other purposes," approved July 30,
16-16, and the act amendatory thcreot, approved March J,
18o7, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr JOHNSON. I should be obliged to the
chairman of the committee if he would inform me
whether the law now is not pretty much us it will
be if this amendment be adopted. I speak lrom
recollection merely; but it seems to mo that it is
but reenacting the present law, except so far as
it repeals at the close a section of the act of 1S4(>.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It makes a little more
stringent, provision in'regard to the time when the
correction shall be made, and increases the pen-
alty, 1 think
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think it increases
the penalty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it does.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the honorable
chairman that he will find in the act of 1799, per-
haps, and in this provision, an apparent incon-
sistency which may give rise to some questions
hereafter. As I read the section, speaking1, a8 I
repeat, from recollection, itaeems to me very much
a reenactment of the present law. Have the
Treasury Department seen this section ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; it was drawn
at the Treasury to make the law a little more
stringent.
Mr. SUMNER. I confess myself unable en-
tirely to see the full bearing of this, or its neces-
sity, and I shall content myself now with making
a statement from a gentleman than whom no one
in the whole country is a better authority on the
whole question; who can have no personal inter-
est in it; a gentleman who in New England is
most familiar with the operation of our revenue
system, and with the practical construction of our
laws. His remark on this provision is that it is
"already substantially contained in the revenue
laws, and useless, and will only cause litigation."
I have not familiarity enough, I confess, with the
old revenue laws to verify this statement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator re-
fers to the section succeeding the one now under
consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. X think the remark might
have been applicable to both. It surely is to
this. I quote it here that the committee may
have the benefit of it. The gentleman speaking
of it, I may say, is an authority. There is no
one in the country whose acquaintance with the
subject is greater than that of the gentleman I
have now quoted. He does not go into any de-
tails, to be sure, but he has had occasion prac-
tically to become conversant with our revenue
laws, and has been relied upon in the custom-
houses at Boston and Now Yorkas no otherman
has for a long time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the substantial
operation of this section is to change the time
when the invoice shall be corrected, and make it
the time when the entry is made for duties.
Mr. SUMNER. In line rune of this section
there is a reference to the act of March 2, 1799,
which I understand is obsolete. I understand
also that there is some other incongruity in the
line that follows, by the introduction of the words
" and not afterwards," but I have not been able
to verify the statute myself. My attention was
only called to this clause this morning.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the next amend-
ment is read I wish to make an alteration or two.
In the first line the word "fixing" should be
"determining," and in the third line, after the
word " countries," the words "except as herein-
before provided" should be inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was read as fol-
lows:
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That In determining
the valuation of goods imported into the United States
from foreign countries, except as hereinbefore provided,
upon which duties imposed by any existing laws are to bo
assessed, the actual value of such goods oil shipboard at
the last place of shipment to the United States shall be
deemed the dutiable value. And such value shall be as-
eertamcd by adding to the s aiuo of such goods at thf  placo
of giowth, pioduction, or manufacture the cost of tians-
nortaUou, shipment, and uanshipmont, with all the «x-
included, from the place of growth, production, or
manufacture, whether by land or water,to the vessel m
which shipment is inadeto the United States, the valueof
the sack, hox, or covering of any kind, m which such
goods are contained, commission at the u^ual rate, in no
case i™* than per cent., brokerage, and all export du-
ties, toother with all cost3 and charges paid or incurred
for placing said goods on shipboard, and all other proper
chargcs specified by law.
Mr. SUMNER. That is clearly a very im-
portant change. It provides that the actual value
of the goods on shipboard at the last place of
shipment to the United States shall be deemed the
dutiable value. That ia a change, and I believe
it will be found to be inconsistent with the part
of the bill relating to wool, which especially pro-
vides for a different mode of valuation. It has
already been established by judicial decisions that
the dutiable value is the bare cost at the port of
purchase. Umkr thcee decisions, as 1 under-
