3034;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
stand, it has been the habit to purchase Austra-
lian wool in quantities of four or five hundred
bales, send it to London, and tranship it there,
and that is because it would be too large a ven-
ture by the whole cargo to send it directly here.
A full cargo would be worth §500,000. .Under
the old system that was practicable. Fruits also
are sent from Smyrna by steam to England and
transhipped .to get early into the market. Now,
is the Senate disposed to make this change? Ia
the change sustained by sound policy ? If it be,
then of course it should be made. I do not my-
self at this moment appreciate the policy of the
change. I should like to know what has influ-
enced the committee to recommend it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All the view we had was
to fix the duty at the place where tho article started
on its journey to the United States, and to avoid
the frauds, if you may call them frauds, the ad-
vantages that may be gained by shipping an ar-
ticle to one place, keeping it at that place, and then
shipping it to the United States without adding
the cost of transportation from the one place to
the other. I drew this section on the suggestion
of an appraiser, certainly one of the very best in
the United States, who stated itought to be done
in accordance with the original intention when
the law of 1846 was passed, and I drew it from
the regulations under that law. When the law
of 1846 went into operation, Mr. Walker issued
his directions as to how the duties should be col-
lected, and those directions wereaubstantially as
1 have drawn this section; but tftder judicial de-
cisions those directions could not be carried out
according to the true construction of the act. My
view was to control the decisions of the courts
on that subject. The fact that we are interfer-
ing with judicial decisions amounts to nothing,
because the judicial decisions simply show that
we did not happen to accomplish what we in-
tended by the act, and there is no great harm in
our drawing another act to see if we can accom-
plish the purpose. The decision of the courts
on one act is only a notification to us that we have
not accomplished by that act what we designed
to accomplish. My belief is that the operation of
this section wiil be beneficial in defining exactly
what is to go into the valuation at the foreign port
where goods are shipped fortheUnited States.
I was told thismorningthatsubstantially most
of those things are included by the mode of pro-
ceeding at the custom-house; but the principle of
taking the cost at the last port of shipment is not
recognized. Take the case of goods imported
from India into England, and there transhipped
to this country. Where would you put the val-
uation ? On the original cost in India or the val-
uation at the place where they are shipped to
America? That is the question. The commit-
tee think it will be a useful change to require the
duties to be levied upon the valuation at the last
place of shipment.
In regard to the argument of the Senator in
reference to wool, 1 behove wool has always stood
on adifTerentfooting,andthe reason why itstands
so is that it is graded, and I have already put in
this section the words "except as hereinbefore
provided" with the very object of excepting wool
from its operation, as I think it ought to bo, for
the simple reason that if this section applied to
wool it would entirely change the grades fixed for
wool in another part of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator propose to
establish the same rule in regard to the appraise-
ment of wool?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; I propose to leave
that to the rule which has heretofore prevailed in
regard to it, to take the value of the article itself,
not on shipboard but free from the charges of put-
ting it there. You have fixed grades; you say
that wool costing not over so much a pound shall
pay such a duty.
Mr. GRIMES. Costing it where ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the place from which
it is exported to this country.
Mr. GRIMES. But suppose it is brought from
Australia to Liverpool in the first place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of the pro-
visions of the section which go on to designate
and define what shall enter into the valuation.
If the Senator 1ms read the section he will see that
it cannot apply to wool. In all acts that have
been passed laying duties on wool it is provided
that the cost of the article at the port from which
it is shipped to this country shall be taken. That
price or cost does not include what I have in-
cluded on other articles in this section, the ex-
pense of putdngiton shipboard. We have graded
wool at 13 cents a pound, 24 cents a pound, and
32 cents a pound, imposing a different rate of duty
on each grade; and if this section were to be
passed in such away as to apply to wool it would
entirely change those rates which have been
agreed upon, and render a revision of the provis-
ion in regard to wool necessary. It could not
stand the rates of this bill if this section were
applied to it. I design to leave it, therefore, pre-
cisely as it was before.
Let me explain to the Senate precisely what
this section means. It is that the actual value of
goods on shipboard at the last place of shipment
in the United States shall be deemed the dutiable
value. " And such value shall be ascertained by
adding to the value of such goods at the place of
growth, production, or manufacture, the cost of
transportation, shipment,.and transhipment, with
all the expenses included, from the place of
growth, production, or manufacture, whether by
land or water, to the vessel in which shipment
is made to the United States, the value of the sack,
box, or covering of any kind in which such goods
are contained, commission at the usual rate in no
case less than 2g per cent, brokerage, and all ex-
portduties, together with all coats and charges paid
or incurred for placing said goods on ship-board."
If you were to add these itcm3 to the value of
the wool you would change entirely the rates on
wool already fixed by the bill. That I do not
design to do. I have had some conversation with
gentlemen connected with the custom-house this
morning, and they say this section will make a
great deal of difficulty. 1 do not know enough
about it to say that it will not, but I think we
may as well adopt the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course the Sanatoria right
when he says that there can be no question that
we have full legislative power over the matter.
We can correct the decisions of the courts. He
is right, also, when he suggests that the very fact
that the courts have been called upon to decide
questions connected with this matter seems to
show that it is environed by certain doubts and
difficulties. But on the other hand it is possible
that those very decisions of the courts may have
removed those doubts and difficulties; and now
the question that I wish to present to the Senate
is one on which I confess I have no strong im-
pression one way or the other myself. I simply
wish that the Senate should understand what they
are deciding. They arc deciding that the value-
shall be determined by the price at the last place
of shipment, instead of at the place of original
purchase. The latter rule,as I understand, down
to this time has been followed. We are now
going to depart from it. Business has unques-
tionably adapted itself to the latter rule. It is
therefore for the Senate to determine whether the
good that may be accomplished by the change is
sufficient to justify such achange. I do not know
but that it is". I confess that 1 have no positive
opinion one way or the other.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the consent of the Sen-
ate—although the amendment has been agreed to
•—I wish to make an inquiry of the chairman of
tho Committee on Finance. I am not entirely
certain that I understand the section just adopted.
It fixes the place where the last shipment is made
as the place where the value of the goods shall be
ascertained. What I want to know is this; if a
cargo or half a cargo of goods is purchased in
London, and the vessel containing them stops on
tho way, making a round trip, not meaning to
come here perhaps at all, unless eventually, but
finally comes, having stopped on the way with-
out landing those goods,without having reshipped
them, is the dutiable value to be tho value as of
the time of shipment in London?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
the language: "at the last place of shipment."
Mr. JOHNSON. I looked at that, but I did not
know what it meant entirely. *■
Mr. FESSENDEN, They are not shipped at
i the port where the vessel merely stops. I should
j think that could not n fleet it.
i Mr. JOHNSON. "From the last place of
i shipment" might mean the place from which the
; ship last came
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would not be de-
cided.
Mr. JOHNSON. You and I would not decide
it so, but I am by no means sure what the Treas-
ury Department may decide.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will decide sensibly,
I suppose.
Mr. JOHNSON. That, like other legal pre-
sumptions, is not always correct in practice.
The next amendment was to insert as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. . And he it further enacted, That so much of sec-
tion twenty-three of the act entitled "An act to provide for
the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize a
loan, to regulate and IK the duties on imports, and for otEier
purposes," approved March 2,1861, as exempts from duty
ail philosophical apparatus and instruments imported for
tile use of any society incorporated for philosophical, lit
erary, or religious purposes, or for the encouragement of
the line arts, or for the use or by the order of any college,
academy, school, or seminary of learning in the [Jintcd
States, is hereby repealed. And the same shall be subject
to the rate of duty prescribed by said act formanulactured
articles therein enumerated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to amend the last
clauseby striking o-ut the words "the rate of duty
prescribed by said act for manufactured articles
therein enumerated," and inserting " a duty of 20
per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. SUMNER. I must confess that I am
against that. I am against the amendment and
against the original proposition. I am against it
in whole and in part.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
allow me to amend it. As it now stands the duty
would be 30 per cent., and I want to fix it at 20.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine
to the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment to theamend ment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, the first
aspect of this proposition appears to me just this:
the country will get very little by it, and it will
do a great deal of mischief. Little money, much
mischief—these are the two first features that
present themselves. That we shall get little money
is obvious from this circumstance, that the philo-
sophical apparatus and instruments imported by
colleges and literary institutions, particularly
when exposed to this tax, will not be of great
value. Twenty per cent, on their value will not
be much for the country. But the detriment that
will be done will be that the importation will be
discouraged. Now, sir, 1 wish to encourage such
importations. I wise to encourage everything by
which these associations may be benefited. Not
only the associations will gain by such encour-
agement, but the whole land will be benefited.
1 do not wish to go into any protracted argu-
ment on this question, for I have no doubt that
the minds of Senators will be made up at once as
soon as the question is stated; but I do appeal to
Senators not to impose this additional tax upon
the education of the country. In your excise
law you have already shot away from all civil-
ized nations in imposing a tax even on school-
books.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow mo to suggest to
the Senator that while this tax may be somewhat
hard on the colleges and other institutions of
learning, the interests of our own mechanicians
are also to be consulted on the other hand. Let
me refer the Senator to the case of that eminent
and successful mechanician,Mr. Clark. Would
it not be advisable for us to lay such a tax as
would encourage such men in this country?
Mr. SUMNER. The case of Mr. Clark, to
which the Senator refers—I know him perfectly
well—is very exceptional. His achievements in
the manufacture of glass employed in astronom-
ical instruments has been unexpected and astonish-
ingly successful. I should be glad to see him en-
couraged, but I doubt whether in all the country
there is another case to take advantage of this
section; but the Senator from Vermont will par-
don me if I say that I cannot, under this section,
look at an individual case.
Mr, COLLAMER. What I meant by the ref-
erence was to suggest that it may be of som? im-
portance to direct the attention of the mechanics
of the country generally to this higher department
of mcchanism.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that you have
