1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
trade on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western front iersof the United States, and for other
purposes," approved March 2, 1831.
THE REGULAR ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 151, a bill relating to chaplains, and
for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, praceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to strike out the first
four sections of the bill, all of which relate to chap-
lains, as we passed a House bill this morning on
that subject which may perhaps satisfy all parties.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
propose to dispense with the reading of those
sections?
Mr. WILSON. I presume it is not necessary
to read them, as we have already acted on the sub-
ject of chaplains this morning. The balance of
the bill contains some very important provisions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The balance of
the bill will be read.
The Secretary read it. It provides that all en-
listments hereafter made in the regular Army of
the United States, during- the continuance of the
present rebellion, shall be fur the term of three
years. All non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates in the regular Army, serving under enlist-
ments made prior to July 22,1861, are to have the
privilege of reenlisting for the term of three years
m their respective organizations, until the 1st of
May next; and all such non-commissioned offi-
cers and privates so reenlisting are to be entitled
to the bounties mentioned in the joint resolution
of Congress approved January 13,1864. Officers
absent from duty, with leave, for a period not ex-
ceeding ten days, are to be entitled to receive full
pay and allowances for such period; and so much
of section thirty-one of the act for enrollingand
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses approved March 3, 1863, as is inconsistent
herewith, is repealed. Section thirty-fiveoftheact
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes, approved March 3, 1863,
is not to be construed to prohibit enlisted men at
the Military Academy from receiving the extra
pay theretofore allowed by law to enlisted men
when employed at constant laborof not less than
ten days, nor to apply to enlisted men employed
as clerks and messengers in the military offices in
Washington and at the several geographical divis-
ion and department headquarters.
There are to be allowed to the battalion of en-
gineers one adjutant, one quartermaster, and one
commissary of subsistence, to be selected from
the lieutenants on duty with the battalion, with
the same compensation as is allowed to regimental
adjutants and uuarteimasters respectively. There
Are to be added to the battalion of engineeis une
sergeant major and one quartermaster Sergeant,
who shall also be commissary sergeant, and each
is to have the pay of a seigoant of engineers.
In addition to the cavalry, infantry, and artil-
lery provided for by the act approved July 22,
1861, to authoi ize the employment of volunteers
to aid m enforcing the laws and protecting public
property, there are to be added regiments of vol-
unteer engineers m the proportion, as the Pres-
ident may direct, not to exceed one company to
each brigade of infantry, and to be organized or
established by existing regulations, have the same
pay find allowance of engineers of the regular
Army, and bo subject to the rules and articles of
war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to strike out the firstfourscctionsof the bill
relating to chaplains.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
from Massachusetts how many new offices are to
be created by this bill? As I understand it there
are to be quartermasters and commissaries con-
nected with the regiment of engineers. If I am
coiroctly informed they have not got a regiment
of engineers, or anything like it. They have live
skeleton companies of engineers. This bill re-
fers to the regular engineers of the United States
Army, and of them we have but five companies,
comprising perhaps two hundred men.
Mr. WILSON. The ninth section provides
that there shall be allowed to the battalion of en-
gineers one adjutant, one quartermaster, and one
commissary of subsistence, who are to be selected
from the lieutenants on duty with the battalion of
engineers, and to have the same compensation that
is allowed to regimental adjutants and quarter-
masters respectively. The tenth section pro-
vides that there shall be added to the battalion of
engineers one sergeant major and one quarter-
master sergeant, who shall also be a commissary
sergeant, and each of them is to have the pay of
a sergeant of engineers. 1 have a letter from Gen-
eral Totten setting forth the necessity of this or-
ganization. General Totten recommended, and
it was indorsed by the Secretary of War, another
section providing that the major having command
of this battalion should have additional compen-
sation while commanding it. The committee
thought we had •better not add that expense; that
it was not necessary; but these two or three offi-
cers are believed to be necessary in organizations
of this kind.
The fifth section of the bill as printed, which
is now the first section, permits persons to enlist
into the regular Army for three instead of five
years. Wiien the war commenced we author-
ized enlistments into the regular Army for three
years; but that expired on the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 3863. Since that time, all who have enlisted
into the regular Army haveenlisted forfive years,
and the enlistments have been very few, indeed,
as most men prefer to enlist for three years in-
stead of five. This provision is intended to en-
courage enlistments and leenlistments into the
regular Army.
The next section provides that those soldiers
who enlisted into the regular Army in 1860 and
1861, and who have served throughout the war,
and who have received no bounty whatever, who
have had nothing but their pay, shall now have
the privilege of reenlisting into the service of the
United States until the 1st day of May next.
The object is to give these veteran soldiers, many
of whom have been in the service ten, twelve,and
fifteen years, the same opportunity to reenlist,
and receive the benefit of the bounty that is given
to all those who have served less than three years.
Many of those men were enlisted on the eve of
the war, in the winter of 1860 and the spring of
1861, they have served thioughout the war with
great fidelity, and have received no bounty what-
ever. This bill allows them to reenlist; and I
think we ought to £ive them that poor privilege.
The old soldiers of the Army have fought bravely
and acted nobly. Let us, if we cannot give them
the bounty given to volunteers and other soldieis
enlisted during the war,give these biavc veterans
an opportunity to reenlist and receive the bounty
of $400.
The next section provides that officers absent
on leave may be absent for ten days without a
reduction of their pay; and I think that is but
just. By the existing law, if' they are absent on
leave their pay is leduced. This provides simply
for a ten days' leave without reduction of pay.
The next scction provides that'the enlisted men
at the Military Academy and in the Department
here at Washington, and at the several geoguiph-
ical di\ision and department headquarteis who
are acting as clei ks shall not come uiulrr the pro-
visions of the act of Match 3, 1863, which pro-
hibits all enlisted men from icceumg additional
compensation when detailed. This only applies
to a few men at West Point, and also a few men
who are detailed as clerks in the Department here
at Washington, and a few men in the different
geographical divisions and departments, and it
only applies to the headquarteis in those depart-
ments, and not to the division or brigade or regi-
mental headquarters. It will comprise but a few
men, and those poisons are absolutely necessary
to perform this work. Many of them have to
labor very haid, and certainly heie in Washing-
ton they could not support themselves on the
wages of soldiers. Many of them uic doing very
important duty, and have great knowledge in
regard to all the details in the War Office.
The other two sections in regard to the battal-
ion of engineers were recommended by General
Totten as necessary to the efficiency of the en-
gineers, and his i('commendation was indoised
by the Secretary of War.
The next section proposes to allow the organ-
ization of volunteer engineers. A letter was re-
ceived from General Thomas asking that a regi-
ment of volunteer engineers should be organized
in the army of the Cumberland. This letter was
sentto the committee with a recommendation from
General Halleck, indorsed by the Secretary of
War, saying that we needed more volunteer en-
gineers in our armies than we have, and suggest-
ing to us to make a general provision instead of
passing a special act for one of our armies.- That
general provision is to be found in this section,
authorizing the enlistmentof volunteer engineers
not to exceed one company to a brigade, and to be
left at the discretion otherwise of the President*
These are the provisions of the bill, which
seem to me important; and I hope itwill be acted
upon promptly.
Mr. GRIMES. I confess I do not exactly un-
derstand what the ninth section means: it may be
that I have not any objection to it. It may be, as
the Senator says, and probably is, true that Gen-
eral Totten has recommended it; but I should
like to know if GcneralTotten drew this section?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; he did.
Mr.GRIMES. Then whatdoesitmean? "That
there be allowed to the battalion of engineers one
adjutant, one quartermaster, and one commissary
of subsistence, to be selected from the lieutenants
on duty with the battalion." Are they to be lieu-
tenants of engineers?
Mr. WILSON. They are lieutenants of engi-
neers.
Mr. GRIMES. They are to be lieutenants of
engineers assigned to this duty.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. Are they to leave the line of
their legiment and accept this office; or rather are
these cumulative duties to be added to their other
duties? Are they to draw any extra pay and .ra-
tions for thosedutics?
Mr. WILSON. The section reads, "with the
same compensation as is allowed regimental adju-
tants and quartermasters, respectively
Mr. GRIMES. The other regimental adju-
tants and quartermasters are not allowed as much
as engineeis are already allowed. An engineer's
pay now i.-s the highest pay of any officer in the
Army; and according to this bill you would not
pay these officers as much as they are already
getting as lieutenants of engineeis. I can very
well see that there may be a propriety in passing
the tenth scction of the bill, which allows to this
battalion of engineers—for it is only a battalion,
only a part of a regiment, a fragment of a regi- ,
merit, and thatfragment is not nearly full; I think
there are not to exceed three hundred men in it—
a sergeant major and one quartermaster seigeant
who shall also be commissary sergeant; but why
on earth we should allow them, in addition, a
quartermaster and a commissary is more than L
can imagine. 1 know it never has been allowed
to other regiments under such circumstances, and
I do not think it is going to accomplish the pur-
pose that the Senator and General Totten have in
view. I suppose they want a permanent attach-
ment to this battalion of an adjutant, a quarter-
master, and a commissary. You never can get
a young lieutenant in the engineer eorps to sur*
render his place as an engineer and accept a com-
missaryship or a quartermastership attached to
his regiment, because he is taken out of the line
of promotion, if it is to be a permanent place, and
he will get smaller compensation than he is al-
ready receiving, I do not understand the section.
I do not know what is intended by it.
Mr. NESMITIi. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, to add the following as an additional section:
~hid be it furthei cnactcd, That the officer in command
ofiiic battalion ol engineer? I,o allowed the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a lieutenant colonel of enjjtncer-s.
Mr, WILSON. I do not think we ought to
adopt that provision. 1 do not believe it is ncces-
saty, although I know it was strongly recom-
mended to us by General Totten and General
Halleck and the Secretary of War. 1 do not see
why a major may not command this battalion
just as well with his present pay as with the pay
of a lieutenant colonel. I think the other pro-
i; \ isions of the bill are as much as we should do at
present for this battalion.
Mr. NESM1TH. The amendment that I have
submitted only piovides that the commander of
! the regiment for the time being shall have the
| rank of lieutenant colonel. The old regiments
! that consist of less than a thousand men have a
I colonel, a lieutenant colonci, and two majors.
