186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
bill, &c., and should this House also pass this bill, &c., notice
thereof shall immediately he sent to the first House, and
the bill,&c., may immediately be signed by the Ptesiding
Officers ot the two House*, as other bill*, &c., fur signed,
ami presented to the President of the United States lor his
appioval or disapproval, as in other cases.
The resolution was ordered to be printed. The
first joint rule now reads thus:
111. In every case of an amendment of a hill agreed to in
one House, and dissented to in the other, if either House
bhall icque^t a conference, and appoint a committee for
that pin pose,«amt the other House shall also appoint a com-
mittee to confer, such committees shall, at a convenient
hour, to be agreed on by their chairmen, meet in the confer-
ence chamber, and state to each other, verbally or in writ-
ing, as either shall choose, the reasons of their respective
Houses lor and against the amendment, and confer freely
thereon."
REVISION OF THE STATUTES.
M.r. SUMNER. I wish the Senate would be
good enough to take up and adopt the resolution
which I offered yesterday. It is simply a resolu-
tion of inquiry addressed to the Committee on
the Judiciary. The Senator from California, who
objected to its consideration yesterday, afterwards
withdrew his objection.
The resolution was taken up and agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
rected to consider the expediency of providing by law for
the appointment of commissioners to revise the public stat-
utes ot the United States; to simplify their language; to
coirect their mcongiuilies; to supply their deficiencies ; to
arrange them in otd«r; to icduce them to one connected
text; and to report them thu-* iinpioved to Congress for its
final action, to the end that the public statutes, which all
are presumed to know, may be in such form as to be more
within the apprehension of all.
NAVY REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to take up
the resolution which I reported yesterday fiom
the Committee on Printing, relative to printing- ad-
ditional copies of the report of the Secretary of
the Navy.
The.motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Public Printing he
authorized to print, in addition to the number now author-
ized by laWjfilteen hundredeopiesof the report ot theSec-
ret.uy of the Navy, and appendix, foi the ihe of the vessels
of the Navy, and "live bundled copies of the repoit proper
for the office of the Seetetaiy of the Navy.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating;, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 11th of March last, informa-
tion relating to certain persons in the service of
the Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter of the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury, communicating'copies of ail accounts of per-
sons charged with the disbursement orapphcation
of moneys, goods, or effects, for the henefitof the
Indians, from July 1,1862, to June 30,1863, with
the balances under each specific head of appro-
priation still remaining in their hands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire whether
that repoit comes here in consequence of any res-
olution of the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In pursuance of
law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is the Second Auditorre-
quired to make a communication directly to Con-
gress?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the lan-
guage of the communication. It refers to the act
of Congress of June 30, 1834.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is rather anomalous.
Communications to Congress ordinarily come
from the heads of Departments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What disposition
shall be made of the communication and accom-
panying papers?
Mr. GRIMES. I move that they lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked , and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 14)
to piovide for the ascertainment and satisfaction
ot claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the 31st day of July,
1801; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foieign Relations.
Mr.POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 15)
to incorporate the Washington City Savings'
Bank; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
16) toestablish a postroutefromMankato,in Min-
nesota, to the Winnebago agency, on the Missouri
river, in Dakota Territory; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HALE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 17) to amend the act entitled " An act to es-
tablish and equalize the grades of line officers of
the United States Navy," approved July 16,
1862; which was read twice by its title, and le-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
18) to amend an act entitled "An act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 1863; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs at^d the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following tesolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, which was passed by that body on
die 14th instant:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the House
adjourns, on Friday next, the 18th ol December, it adjourn
to meet on Wednesday, the 6th of January, 18G4.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that that resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me we had better
take a vote directly on the proposition, and if we
are against it vote it down. If it lies on the table,
it may be called up to-morrow or at some time
when many gentlemen disposed to vote against it
may not have an opportunity to do so. 1 want
to record my vote against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw my motion
if the resolution is to be voted down, as I think
it ought to be, unquestionably.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I propose that Friday be
stricken out, and next Tuesday or Wednesday
be inserted,
Mr. FESSENDEN. No. Let us vote it right
down at once.
Mr. WILSON. I think we may be able to
adjourn nt that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannotadjourn at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is the question on con-
currence in the resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 4, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Henderson, Powell, and
Ww«?hf—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler,Clark, Collnmer, Con-
ner, Cowan, Davi«, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot,
Fo-ter, Gurnet, f'ale, Harding, Harlan, HarrH, Hendiick-,
IIick-% Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
gan, JMoirill,Nesmith. Ramsey, SanKbury, Sherman. Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey,
and Wilson—&5.
So the Senate refused to concur in the resolution.
REBEL TREATMENT OF KANSAS TROOPS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, i offer the following
resolution:
Whereas it is publicly stated by respectable parties, re-
turned pitsow'id hom the lebel skate.-, that the volunteeis
from the State of Kansas taken pu^oner.< by the rebels are
and have been, «nice the commencement of the rebellion,
invariably put to death when lccogmzod a  such : There-
to) e,
Resolved, That the PieMtlent of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to Congress any inioimatlon in his
possession on this subject.
I desire to state from my place here that at the
commencement of the summer 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the present consideration of the resolution?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do; and I wish to
make a statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT, A statement is not
in order now without the unanimous consent of
the Senate. The Senator asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider this resolution
at the present time. Is there any Objection? Thie
Chair hears none. The rcsoluiian ig before' ih'e
Senate. • ' 1
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. At the commence-
ment of the summer Captain Brown, af the gun-
boat Osceola, who had'been taken prisoner, came
to me in this city and said that in one of the pris-
ons in the rebel States he had found seven l£ans$s
soldiers in irons among the prisoners' of o,£h^r
, States not in irons; that they tofd him to'find me
and inform me that they were .to be put to death.
1 immediately communicated the information in
writing to the Secretaryof War. H.ecommuni-
cated with the commissioner on the exchange of
prisoners; but from the fact that Captain Brown
did not locate the point where they were held in
puson, Mr. Ould wns unable to give him any in-
formation on the subject. Recently a chaplain or
a physician—I foiget which—has published a
communication in this city, which I have seen m
the papers, in which lie says that it is distinctly
understood at Richmond and elsewhere in rebel-
dom that Kansas soldiers are murdered wherever
and whenever captured. It is within my own
observation that Colonel Ctuantrell, who bears a
commission from the confederate government,
murdered all the soldiers that he captured in his
raid upon Lawrence, Kansas, and since in his
raid upon "Major Genera! Blunt, where he cap-
tured some ninety soldiers, and murdered them
all. So far as I know, the Kansas soldiers, wh£n
captured by the rebels, have been put to death.
I am also cognizant of the fact that the troops of
Kansas have captured large numbcis of rebel sol-
diers, and that they have invaiiably treated them
with the utmost kindness and consideration.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, (after a pause.) As there ap-
pears to be no business before the Senate, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 16, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House papers
in the following contested-election cases; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections:
Birch vs. King, sixth district of Missouri; Samuel
T Knox vs. Blair, first districtof Missouri; Scott
vs. Noel!, thud district of Missouri; Bruce vs.
Loan, seventh district of Missouri; Kline vs.
Myers, third district of Pennsylvania; Martin vs.
Gnnnell, fourth district o-f Iowa; McKenzie for
a seat from the seventh district of Virginia; Todd
vs. Jayne, Dakota Territory; Price vs. McClurg,
fifth district of Missouri; McHenry vs. Yeaman,
second district of Kentucky; Carriganvs. Thayer,
fifth district of Pennsylvania.
SELECT COMMITTEES. .
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following select committees:
On Emigration — Messrs. Washburne of •Illi-
nois, Gnnnell, Law, Baldwin of Massachusetts,
and Rollins of Missouri.
On Emancipation — Messrs. Eliot, ICelJey,
Knapp, Orth, Boyd, Kalbileisch, Cobb, Ander-
son, and Mtddleton.
On Rebellious States—Messrs. Davis of Mary-
land, Gooch, J. C. Allen, Ashley, Penton, Hol-
man, Smithers, Blow, and English.
Oil Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Stevens, Wilder,
Steele of New York, Price, Cole of California,,
Noble, Donnelly, McBride, Steele of New Jer-
sey, McClurg, Ames, Yeaman, and Sweat.
LAWS OF NEBRASKA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the laws
of the Territory of Nebraska; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bid of which I
