3060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Clerk's Office, Navy-Yard,
Boston, April 18,1864.
My Dear Sir: My attention being called to the debate,
as published in the Globe, in relation to the sale of the
wharf for the use of the navy-yard,Imustsay I was struck
with astonishment at the range the debate took in the Sen-
ate, for I do think there was a misunderstanding on the
partH>f the Senators, or they could not have said the pur-
chase was unreasonable. In my opinion the Navy De-
partment do need, and I, as I said in debate in the city
council, of which board i am a member, and have been
for four years, when the question was under consideration
for the appointment of a lobby to fight against the Depart-
ment's buying the wharf, I now repeat, that as to the mat-
ter of taking away taxable property from the city, that un-
less there was a proposition to remove the yard from the
city, I should vote against sendmgany one to Washington
" to tight against the bill, but would vote to give to the Depart-
ment the whole line of wharf property from the yard to the
Charles river bridge, and as we had the yard in our city it
would make one of the greatest naval depots in the coun-
try. Hoping the Senate will leconsidcr the matter, and
give to the yard this wharf, which I think they very much
need for the sake of its water-fiont,
1 am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
CHARLES FIELD.
To Samoel Oak^an.
I, Lowell W. Chamberlin, treasurer and collector of
taxes for the city of Clmrlestown, in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, hereby certify that 1 am such treasurer
and collector; that as such I have the care of the records
of valuation, &c., and that it appears from the books of
valuation of the assessors of said Charlcftown, that the
stores and wharf on Water street and Charles river, in«aid
Charlestovvn, owned by Oakman & Eldredge, m the year
19G2 were, by the assessors of said city, lor that year, valued
at the sum of $120,000, and that said Oakman & Eldredge
Were assessed therefor, by said assessor, a tax of $l,JL52.
Witness my hand, March 11, 1864.
L.'W. CHAM BERLIN.
March 11, 1864.
% Middlesex, ss :
Then, tbc abore named Chainborlin made oath that the
above certificate is correct and true.
Before me. CHARLES ROBINSON, Jr.,
Justice of the Peace.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, ss:
1, David N. SkiUings, of Boston, f>n oath depose and
say: I am a wholesale lumber dealer; my (inn is David N.
Skllllngs & Co. 5 olfieo in lCilhy Htrcct. 1 was furnmlya
wharfinger in Boston, and am well acquainted with the
value of wharf property. I know verv well the tttiiitnall
and CaMvell whaives; they are accessible to vessels draw-
ing agrentdepth of water, and in other respects convenient.
1 consider them among the tew most valuable wharves in
the harbor. For the part which Messis. Oakman & Eld-
rodgo proposo to soli to the United State* ftl.'i^OOO is not
above the fair market price. Indeed, if i owned them, as
they do, I should piefer to keep them lor business than to
sell them at that price. Their great value is m their situa-
tion on the deepest water in the harbor, and their breadth
ol water-front. T have never known a time when tt cost
as much to build a wharf as now. I will add, that all
dredging is but a temporary improvement at hot, at all
times, but particularly at this time very expensive.
U. N. ^KILLINGS.
Suffolk, ss; 15, 3864.
Bubscnbcd and sworn to hefoie me.
GEORGE P. DKRRY,
Justice oj the Peace.
Navy Department,
Bureau of Yari>s and Docks, Jlpid 18,186-1.
ffilt: Having been called upon for an opinion as to th<r
necessity for the puichasc of additional water-bunt at the
Boston navy-yatd, I have no heMtation m saying that I
consider the proposed purchase ol' the utmost importance
to the Government.
The very limned amount of dcep-water> front at this yard
has long been a cau^c oi much complaint and serious in-
convenience, and is particularly so at this time, owing to
the large number of vessels viMiiiig the yatd.
The proposed purchase would add about eighty thousand
<«*er to the area of the y:ud and about two bundled and
eighty feet to its watei-liont. The water in fiont of thK
property is very deep and does not require dredgiii", and
the addition will imich improve the shape o{ the jaul bv
giving a better boundary lino, the proposed iino bum-* at
right angles with Water street.
It lias been said that a pile wharf could be built to an-
swer the purposes of the Government and at muuh h;RS> cost
than is proposed to pay tor the pmperty hi question.
1 have had no oppoitunity toi collecting the neee«saiy
iufoiinatkm to entei mto a detailed e-tim.ue of"the eo-n ol
such a vvhart, bur aiu oi the opinion that the com of a pile
wharf ol eighty thousand feet area, built in the substantial
manner in which it would ho conducted if done by the
Government, together with the ncce^aiy diedging, fiooi-
ing, and graveling, would tar exceed the sum proposed to
be paid for thi« purchase, §ll55,UuO.
The wlnuf room io much needed, and if this propeitv is
puteha.-ed the water-iiont becomes available at once, and
the pre-Mng wants ol the Government m this ie«neet will
be supplK (1; whereas it a whart of the extent named is to
be cuufit uctod, probably more than a year will ctpue be-
fote it can be so far advanced as to render it available ioi
Government u^e.
J have the honor to be, with great respect, vonr obedient
servant, VV. P. S. SANGER,
Engineer Bureau of Y<o<!s and Docks.
Hon. .'h.nvvi-iit Ji. Kin--, C'hmtimn of Committee on
A'acat vijjau.j, House oj liijnc^eiUutwcs.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, ss:
Fn the matter of the sale of Caswell and lSrintnall's wharf,
to the United States:
I, Obadiah D. Witherell, on oath, depose and say: I am
a wholesale dealer in coals; my office is at 95 State street,
Boston; I leceive and land in the couise of a year large
quantitcs of coal. I am well acquainted with Caswell's
and Bnntnall's wharves at Charlestovvn; I deem them
among the very best wharves here; the great valueof them
is in the water-front. I don't know the precise differ-
ence in the value per foot of land fronting Water street,
in Charlestown, and that fronting the harbor, as these
wharves do, where the water is deep and below bridges;
but the value of the latter must be many times greater. I
should say the fair market value of that part of these
wharves which Oakman & Eldredge propose to sell was
one hundred and thiny five or one humhedand forty thou-
sand dollars.
I have no interest whatever in these wharves, or either,
or in the proposed sale; but if I owned the wharves, as
Oakman & Eldredge do, 1 would not sell what they pro-
pose to sell for less than $L3o,000.
O. D. WITHERELL.
Jipil 15, 1864.
Suffolk, ss:
Subscribed and sworn to before mo.
JAS. B. F. THOMAS,
Justice of the Peace.
I, the undeisigned, Charles P. Chainberlin, of Boston,
being duly sworn, depose : I have been in the coal busi-
ness these twenty years; have long kept a wharf, and
know about the value of wharves. I know the value of
wharves ovwicri by Oakman & Eldredge; they are, all
things considered, perhaps the mo&t accessible and con-
venient whaives anywhere in this haiboi. Their value is
well understood by all coal dealers and coal shippers in
Boston, New York, and Philadelphia. Freijjhtsare always
taken to them at the lowest rates. Oakman & Eldredge
had established themselves in a large and lucrative busi-
ness on the wharf they sold to the United States in 1862,
and when they left that wharf they tians-ferred their busi-
ness to the^e. They bought them cheap, and have ex-
pended considerable on them in repairs and buildings.
The price they propose to sell for is, in my opinion, noth-
ing more than a fair one.
I consider not merely the water-front of these the best
in the city, but also the facilities aflotded by the railroad
running 1'iom the head of them, to be very great. 1 know,
too, about the cost of building pier whaives, and should
say, to build on deep wniei, as good as these, would cost
now two dollais per square toot; and a* for di edging out
berths m liont of the, navy-yard wall, as I hear has been
spoken of, I think it ivould be money thrown away. It
would need redredging as often a* once a ye.'i.
CHARLES P. CHAMBERLJN.
•April 19, 186-1.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, ss :
Sub&eubed and sworn to hefoie inc.
WM. C. WILLIAMSON,
JuUice o f the Peace.
I, Artemus Hammond, of Boston, on oath depose and
say: 1 am a coal shipper and whole-aleeoal dealer in Bos-
ton, and have been m that business for fnutteen years, dur-
ing which period 1 have carried on fiom one to three
wharves at the same time. 1 am well acquainted with the
value of whaif propcity geneialiy, and of tho^e occupied
by Oakman & Eldredge at Ch.ulestown, as well as otheis.
They aie among tin: most eligible whaives m the harbor;
on deep watei at all times of tide ; wheie there is no eddy;
below all bridges, and with good bioad wat'M hout. I eon-
sidei the i>iice ol &U5,000 for the water line, or $160,000
foi the whole of these wharves, to be no moie than a fair
price as between merchant and merchant or anv real estate
holders. To the Government L think them invaluable. I
know also that Oakman & Eldredge have expended a good
deal of money upon these wharves, and have a lmge busi-
ness ; and 1 doubt veiy much whether it ir> lor their intoi-
est to sell at the price above named. But behevni" the
Government needs it, I hope they will take it. I may add
1 have no faith in the opposition to it at Charlestown. I
don't believe it is patriotism.
ARTEMUS HAMMOND.
Boston, Jlpril 19, 1864.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, ss;
Swoin to before me.
HARVEY JEWELL,
Justice of the Peace.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
there is another point in connection wiih this
amendment, which has been made by those who
oppose this appropriation; it is, that wharves may
be constructed within the limits of the navy-yard
as it now exists. Now, 1 desire to say that I have
m my possession affidavits dearly demonstrating
that it will cost to make that improvement, with-
out any addition to the premises whatever, more
than it will to purchase this property, and be-
sides it would inquire from six to twelve months
to make those impiovcim-nts, while the Govern-
ment needs these wharves for immediate use.
I will only say in addition, that this appropri-
ation has met the approval of the Committee of
Ways and Means, as well as of the Committee
on Naval AlFaus, the head of the Navy Depart-
ment, and of eveiy naval officer who has given
an opinion upon the subject, all coneiuung 111 the
opinion that the Government needs the property,
and that the price is not too large. I hope the
House will non-concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. KING. I understand this to be a propo-
sition upon the part of the Senate to strike out an
appropriation of $135,000, which was placed in
this appropriation bill by the House; and the
question upon which I feel disposed to submit a
remark or two is whether, under the circumstances
surrounding this proposed purchase which have
been developed in the course of this discussion,
we are justified in voting $135,000 for this pur-
pose. The Senate must have had some motive for
striking out this matter. They seem to have done
it, at all events. After that naval officers and other
parties interested in this matter seem to be aroused
on the subject, and we have affidavits presented
here as to the great importance to the Government
of this position, and as to the supposed value of
this property, i can say here that the statements
made as to the importance of it by these officers
have little weight with me. I know nothingof the
influences which operate on them. Their motives
may be patriotic and proper. Here is a man who
sold this property last December for $55,000, and
thought he had a good bargain.
Mr. STEVENS. That was only one purchase.
There was another for $49,000.
Mr. KING. I understand that the property
for which $135,000 is proposed to be appropri-
ated is the property sold by this man for $55,000.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; but both the prop-
erties, which cost $104,000.
Mr. KING. Then, sir, 1 have been mis-
taken.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentleman
from Missouri is mistaken in his facts, as was the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.'HoLMAN.]
Mr. HOLMAN. My statement of facts was
made on the authority of the affidavits of citizens
and the editor of a Republican paper of Charles-
town.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I do not care
about the politics of the paper* The lands pro-
posed to be sold to the Government cost these
proprietors $104,000.
A Member. Before the improvements ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. And there have
been twenty-five to thirty thousand dollars of im-
provements put upon them since the purchase
was made. These are the facts.
Mr. KING. There were two parcels.
Mr. RICE, ofMassachusetts. Yes, sir; there
were two parcels, and the gentleman mistook one
paicel for the whole.
Mr. KING. Where are the factstoshow that
the two parcels of land both together came to
$104,000?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. They were sub-
mitted by the proper authorities to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. I think thatthe chair-
man of the committee has stated them to the
House.
Mr. KING. I ask-to have theaffidavits read.
The affidavits presented by Mr. Holman were
again read.
Mr. RICE, ofMassachusetts. Now, hear me
a moment. 1 wish to call the gentleman's atten-
tion to the fact that thatrefers to what is known
as Rrintnail's wharf, for which they paid $55,000.
It makes no reference to Caswell's wharf, a part
of the purchase, for which they paid $40,000, mak-
ing for all $104,000. They have expended on
this property "since that purchase somewhere be-
tween twenty-five and thirty thousand dollars.
They have offered to sell the portion for which
the Government has use for $135,000, and the
whole of the property, including what the De-
pat tment docs and what the Department docs not
need, for $160,000. These arc the facls of Un-
case as 1 understand tlicm; and I have nothing
in the way of evidence which controverts them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Massachusetts to another
fact, it was said to the House wiien the bill was
first before it, I do not know whether by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts as the representatn e
of the Naval Committee, that the Government
must at once secure this pioperty if they wanted
to get it, because it would be m the nidiket but a
short time. I call the attention of the g( nilrnian
to the fact that these men who are welling tins
property to the Government, Oakman & E d-
