1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March l ly
This battalion consists of over seven hundred
men. The officer who has been in command of
it while serving in the armyof the Potomac,has
never, I believe, had higher rank than that of a
captain. A great portion of the time itwas com-
manded by a lietftenant. I think .considering the
responsibilities of the position, and taking into
consideration the number of men under his 'com-
mand, he should haVe the relative rank at least of
officers of infantry who command battalions not
as large as that contained in the engineer corps.
I think it is due to the officer in command who
holds this responsible position, and I think it will
render the service more efficient. There are seven
hundred men in that battalion. It has generally
been commanded either by a captain or lieuten-
ant. He hasthe«ntire supervision of the engineer
department of the army. It is a very responsible
position, and I think the officer who exercises it
should have some additional compensation and
rank. '
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know if there
is any reason that applies to this proposition that
does not apply to the temporary commander of
any regiment in the service. Why should not a
man who commands a regiment and leads it into
action in General Grant's army, or in this army,
who may be temporarily in command, although
only a captain, as is very frequently the case for
months, have the pay of a lieutenant coloncl as
well as this officer commanding the battalion of
engineers?
Mr. NESMITH. In reply to the Senator from
Iowa I will state that the law gives them a colo-
nel and a lieutenant coloncl and two majors. The
law does not provide for any such rank for the
officers in command of the battalion of engineers.
Another consideration is the amount of respons-
ibility that rests upon the shoulders of a princi-
pal engineer for an army of one hundred or one
hundred and fifty thousand men. I think it is due
to the officer exercising that command, with such
responsible duties, that he should at least have the
rank of lieu tenant colonel. There is no other army
in die wot Id where the principal engineer officer of
an army of the size of our army of the Potomac is
not at least a major general; but we have contin-
ually lcept that department in the army of the Po-
tomac down to the lowest grade. When I was
with the army, last winter, the principal engineer
officer was a lieutenant.
. Mr. GRIMES. The colonel of this battalion
is not the principal engineer officer of any army,
lie only commands the sappers and miners.
Mr. .NESMITH. There is 110 colonel of en-
gineers.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is altogether mis-
taken in saying the regiment of engineers has no
colonel. It has one general, four colonels, eight
lieutenant colonels, twelve majors, and twenty-
four captains.
Mr. NESMITH. I beg the Senator's pardon.
1 was speaking, nnt in reference to the regiment,
but ill regard to this battalion.
Mr. GRIMES. I am coming to that, point. It
has one general, four colonels, eight lieutenant
colonels, twelve majors,and twenty-four captains,
ii 1 remember aright, and so on in that propoi tion
of officers. Now, they choose, to taki; the colonels
and lieutenant colonels and the majors away and
assign them to duty on the staff of general officers
or to the bureaus, and in that way leave a vacancy
at the head of that small battalion of three hun-
dred men.
Mr. WILSON. Seven hundred.
Mr. GRIMES. It is nominally seven hundred,
but three hundred is about the number of men in
the service. They thereby leave a vacancy to be
filled by a lieutenant at tho head of this battalion
of sappers and miners attached to this army; and
now they propose, because this man happens to
be in command of this small battalion of sappers
and miners, to give him the pay of a lieutenant
colonel, while they do not apply the same rule to
the officers of similar grades who are in command
of their regiments. I do not see any distinction
in principle myself between giving extra pay to
the commander of this engineer battalion of three
hunched or seven hundred men if you please,
where the superior officers have been transferred
to some higher position, and he is accidentally
placed in command of it, and giving extra pay to
a lieutenant or a captain in one of the regiments
from my State who may happen to be tempora-
rily in command under similar circumstances of
a regiment or a battalion not only for weeks but
for months.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Oregon.
The amendment was rejected.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morninghour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order, the unfinished busi-
ness of Friday last, which is the bill (H. R. No.
34) making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June 30,
1865, which is now before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the pending question being
on the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] on which the
yeas and nays were ordered, and being taken, the
Senate found itself without a quorum.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will ask to have the
amendment read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
•And be it further enacted, That hereafter in all appoint-
ments of cadets to the Mihtaiy Academy at West Point, the
selections for such appointments in the several districts
shall be made from the candidates according to their re-
spective meiitsi and qualification-, to be determined under
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of War shall
from time to time pi escribe.
Mr. ANTHONY. This amendment is so im-
portant, in my view, and the disposition of the
Senate seemed to be so favorable to it on Friday-
last when we found ourselves without a quorum,
that I desire in the briefest possible manner to re-
capitulate what was established in the debate of
Friday.
This amendmentproposes to open the Military
Academy at West Point to all tne youth of tho
country, to be selected by a competitive examina-
tion, not of course of their literary merits, butan
examination which shall be directed to ascertain
which young men give the best promise of mak-
ing useful officers. itwas shown that in France,
the most military country of Europe, the compet-
itive system has prevailed for more than seventy-
five years, and m all that empiie, any subject,
naturalized or native, may offer himself for tin
examination, and those that are found mostlikely
to bo valuable to the service are selected; and the
son of the meanest peasant in Fiance stands as
good a chance within his merits of entering the
army as an officer as the son of a prince.
f r was shown, in the second place, that in Eng-
land, where appointments to the army had been
up to the time of the Crimean war by patronage
or by pmchase, after the Crimean war the Eng-
lish became struck with the inferiority of their
military organization as compared with that of
the Fiench, and set themselves about to consider
the cause of it. They could not find that cause
in the intelligence of the officers, or in the materiel
of the army; but they found, or they thought they
found it, in the difference in the manner m which
the oflicers were appointed in Franco and in Eng-
land; in France being appointed by competition,
in England being appointed by favor. The Eng-
lish Go vernmontthereupon instituted the competi-
tive system,threw open their military academies
to all the youth of the country, and to-day the son
of a mechanic or a peasant in England stands as
good a chance in the military academies as the son
of a duke. At the last graduation the son of one
of the mechanics at Woolwich, and the son of an
earl who was a cabinet minister, graduated side
by side, and the one who was the best took the
highest rank. I do not know which it was.
In the third place, it was shown that in Prus-
sia, in Austria, m Italy in part, and in Belgium
altogether, the competitive system prevails. It
prevails in all those countries for the staff school,
which is the highest military school,and in most
of them for the engineers and artillery, and in
Belgium for the whole.
It was also shown that there have been many
examples of pupils admitted both to West Point
and the Naval Academy on the competitive prin-
ciple here. It has been done in Massachusetts,
in New York, and in Rhode Island. My fnend
from Iowa [Mr, Grimes] said aside that I had
better ask a certain Representative from Massa-
chusetts who had tried the experiment. That
Representative is not here; but I saw a member
of his family, who told me the result had been in
the highest degree satisfactory, and he should con-
tinue it as long as he had the patronage.
The report of the board of visitors of the Mili-
tary Academy states that in all cases where the
pupils have been admitted by the competitive prin-
ciple the results have been most satisfactory.
The board of visitors'ofthe Academy is composed
of some of the most eminent educators in the coun-
try. Among them are Hon. Henry Barnard,
whose name I know is held in honor by my friend
from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] and by all who
know him, and Rev. Dr. Wayland, of Rhode
Island. This board earnestly recommend Con-
gress to adopt the competitive system. It is the
burden of theirreport. In that opinion they are
borne out by the best officers in tho Army. Un-
fortunately, I have failed to receive a communi-
cation which I learn was sent to me voluntarily
on Saturday from a distinguished officer in the
Army, whograduated in the engineers, who heard
that this amendment was pending, and so pre-
pared to send me some views in advocacy of it—
an officer of great distinction.
It is not only the opinion of the board of vis-
itors of the Military Academy, but it is within
my personal knowledge, that the officers of the
Naval Academy are strongly in favor of this sys-
tem. They have told me so. They have said
that the pupils who were admitted on the compet-
itive system were among their very best pupils.
The board of visitors at West Point give it as
their opinion, based upon their own examination
and the experience of other nations, that the com-
petitive examination will graduate ninety percent,
of the admissions. I believe at present we grad-
uate but about forty-five or fifty.
Mr. WILSON. Forty-six.
Mr. ANTHONY. They think this system will
graduate ninety, and they think the whole body
of the pupils will be up to the average of the ten
best under the present system. That is what they
say in their report. What is the use of having^
this board of visitors annually at West Point;
what is the use of sending there the very best men
we have, if when they send us their"recommend~
ations we throw them aside because we say they
are impracticable?—impracticable to do what is
done in England, what is done in France, what is
done in Belgium, what is done in great part of
every other military nation with whose regulations
I am familiar. 1 do not know about Russia.
There are two objections urged to the proposi-
tion. The first is, that it is unfair, because, in
selecting some place of examination, one boy
would have to go farther than another; that while
it would cost one boy two dollars it would cost
another, peihaps, ten dollars. I really do not
think it is necessary to reply to that objection.
The other objection was that it was impracti-
cable; that is to say, what is done everywhere
else, what the officers of the Army recommend,
what the board of visitors recommend, what of-
ficers of the Naval School recommend, is imprac-
ticable; and the Senator from Iowa asked me how
I was going to do it. When the Senator from
Iowa moves an amendment to the naval bill for the
building of a ship, suppose I were to ask lam how
is lie going to do it? He knows almost every-
thing, but I do not think he can build a ship.
Suppose I were to say you must obtain men; you.
must get axes; you must go into the forest and
cut down trees; and then you must cart this tim-
ber down to the sea-side; arid then you must get
a great many other workmen; you mustgetiron;
you must get copper; you must get sail-makers;
and thethingis altogether impracticable. Itseems
to me that would be just as sensible as to say that
what the most practical men recommend, what the
most pidetical nations have done, is impracticable.
I have made this iccapitulation because of the
favor with which this proposition was received
on Friday last, and because there are some Sen-
ators now present who were not here when the
extracts from the regulations of other nations
were read, and who, 1 hope, will give their votes
for the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, abstractly I
suppose everybody would be m favor of this prop-
osition; but, as I said to the Senator last Friday,
I do not see how it is going to be carried into ex-
ecution with advantage to the Government. What
is the proposition ? "That hereafter in all ap-
pointments of cadcte to the Military Academy afc
West Point the selections for such appointments
