3036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
pounds. Including those who have converted their
machinery from cotton to woolen manufacturing
they can work about 120,000,000 pounds. The
effect is that there remains in the hands of the
wool-growers now nearly the whole of their last
year's clip. Wool has been brought from abroad
in the manner I have shown you, and under the
exceedingly low rates now fixed, and the amount
used by the manufacturers has been very nearly the
same as formerly; where there were 150,000,000
formerly they have worked up about 120,000,000
pounds. Of course, the domestic wool-growers,
furnished but50,000,000 pounds to them, and the
l-est of their clip is on hand and liable to destruc-
tion. This is the situation and condition in
which the matter stands in relation to the pros-
pects and condition of the wool-growing interest
in this country.
There is some fine wool imported which went
above the 24 cents before fixed and will go above
the 32 cents fixed here, high-priced Saxony wool.
There is but very little of the Australian fine
wool brought to this country from London. That
is very fine wool and very high-priced wool. The
Australian wool is worth in London 80 or 90
cents even in their money. We get very little of
that, but we do import some of the fine Saxony
wool. In relation to thegreatbody oftheimported
wool, all ofthe 61,000,000 pounds imported as
valued at 17 cents, it is a wool which when
cleansed, the dirt all got out of it, and washed
and scoured, actually fit to go into cloth, will
make about one pound of cloth to four pounds of
wool. Out of some of the best of it you will get
a pound of cloth to three pounds of wool, and out
of some of the worst of it you will not get a pound
of cloth out of five pounds; but upon the whole as
an average, you may calculate they will make
just about a pound of cloth to four pounds of that
kind of wool. There are various ways in which
that wool is cleansed. There are burring ma-
chines which they run it through; and then there
ore picking machines where it is run through and
much of the dry dirt taken out of it. Then there
is the washing. Washing will clean it, but if
you go through the whole process and actually
scour it, by which I understand not only using
water but soap by which you scour it so as to be
fit to go into the cloth, then I say it will produce
about one pound of cloth to four pounds of the
original wool. You will observe that the com-
mittee and the House too in this very bill recog-
nize the same thing. You will see when you
come to the great duties upon cloth in the fifth
section:
Sccotifl. On woolen cloth's woolen shawls, and all man-
ufactures of wool of every description, made wholly or m
pai i ot wool, not otherwise provided for, 24 cents per pound,
and in addition thereto 35 per cent, ad valorem. r
The Committee on Finance propose there to
strike out " 35" and to insert "40." I would
here remark that under this head will be included
eight tenths if not nine tenths of all the woolens
there are. You will perceive that the duty they
lay upon it is, in the first place, on each pound of
that cloth, 24 cents; and why ? Because they laid
a duty of 6 cents a pound on that kind of wool
when we imported it, showing you that, as they
estimated it, four pounds of that wool went into
one pound of this woolen cloth; and hence they laid
a duty of 24 cents a pound on the cloth by the
pound. Then they laid a percentage of 35 per
cent., which makes the great protective distinc-
tion between foreign and American manufactures.
They laid it upon the wool in the cloth, laying
the whole amount of what wool goes into to
make that cloth, being four pounds to one; and
the whole arrangement of this bill in all its parts
is made consistent with this view which 1 have
been endeavouring to present. It is all in con-
sistency and keeping with that view.
Now, Mr. President, if by any means men who
purchase this wool abroad in the condition in
which it is ordinarily bought, and hitherto has
always been, commence a process fipon it there,
and especially carry on the process of cleansing
up to its highest grade, that of scouring it so as
to be fit for cloth, what additional duty should
there be on it? Just four times as much. It is
worth just four times the money. There should
be four times as much duty upon a pound of it.
That is all perfectly plain and clear. The pro-
vision of the House bill in ease it undergoes this
process of scouring prior to its being imported is
in these words:
Jlnd providedfurther, Til at woo i which shall be increased
in value by being scoured or cleansed shall pay, in addi-
tion to the duties herein provided, double the amount of
such duties.
That is to say, it shall pay the duty herein pro-
vided and twice more in addition thereto. That
would make three times the amount of the duty.
According to my view, it ought to be four times
as much if that cleansing be perfect. What I
mean by perfect is, put in that condition in which
it would go into the cloth. It should have been
four times, but they make it but three because
they thought it would be imperfect. They can
sort this wool abroad just as well as we do, but
this is to prevent their washing or scouring it
there. It does not prevent them from doing things
as they have been heretofore, bringing it in here-
after as before, sorting or not sorting it as they
have done it heretofore; but it is that if they
scour it it shall have an increase of duty, which
the House said should be three times and our
committee say should be only twice. That is,
the committee say that the wool which shall be
imported scoured shall, in lieu ofthe dutieshere-.
in provided, pay double the amount of such du-
ties, whereas the House bill is that they shall
pay double the amount in addition to the duties
provided.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to know if I
understand the honorable Senator's statement
Does he mean to say that after it has been thor-
oughly scoured it takes four pounds to one?
Mr. COLLAMER. I mean that when that
wool is scoured and made fit to put into cloth
one pound of it will make a pound of cloth.
Mr. SHERMAN. And one pound of scoured
wool is equivalent in value to four pounds of or-
dinary wool.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly, that is what I
mean.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to suggest that you
not only clean out the impurities of the woo! and
have your pure wool left, but when you come to
sort it you have but one fourth of it to go into
one grade.
Mr. COLLAMER. I mean to average your
cloth through. 1 know that when you get it
beamed anil get it sorted, you generally make
three and sometimes four sorts, but those sorts
are all made into cloth in the end.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator said the sorting
might be done abroad, but I think it is always
done here according to the manufactures fur
which it is sorted.
Mr. COLLAMER. The sorting is a trade by
itself.
Mr. CLARK. But each man sorts according
to what he is going to use it for and the grade he
wants.
Mr. COLLAMER. A man will sort large
quantities of wool. The best quality of it he may
not use for his cloth,and he will sell it to another
manufacturer who makes a differuntgrade. I say
that taking the wool and cleaning it, lit to be made
into cloth, whether you make it into more or dif-
ferent kinds of cloth, is not a matter of any con-
sequence. It will make four pounds of cloth.
That is the ordinary average. Sometimes you
may get a little more, sometimes a little less, but
I think on the whole it will be about that.
I may further remark that as a general rule our
American wool will shrink one half on the aver-
age. You may make it into different qualities of
cloth by sorting, and when you have averaged
through the weight of the cloth you have gotout
and the wool yon had at the beginning, you will
find that you have just aboutonehalf the weight.
While the foreign wool shrinks 75per cent., ours
shrinks 50.
If you run the parallel through you see that
in point of fact, if it really be scoured as is here
mentioned, fit to be worked into cloth, then it is
worth just four times as much by the pound; and
of course to equalize the duty it should pay four
times as much as the other, because it took four
pounds of the dirty wool to make one pound of
the scoured wool, and it should pay 24 cents a
pound duty instead of 6 cents. If, when you
bring it in ip the dirt you pay 1 cents, you ought
to pay 24 cents when you bring it in cleaned,
scoured, finished, fit for cloth. Theother House
put it at three times the duty on the dirty wool;
that is, 18 cents per pound, and our committee rec-
ommend putting it at 12 cents, or twice as much.
For these reasons I object to the amendment of
the committee,and hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as that part of it
is concerned, I will simply say to the Senator, as
he has referred to the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives, that it was at the suggestion of the
House committee that we proposed to insert the
words "in lieu of" instead of" in addition to."
They say it was a mistake.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think I have explained
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It now reads, "wool
which shall be increased in value by being scoured
or cleansed." We propose to stnke out "in-
creased in value by being scoured or cleansed,"
and to insert" imported scoured." It maybe in-
creased in value in many different ways, by wash-
ing on the sheep's back,&c.,all the way through,
so that it is difficult to make any rule on the sub-
ject. If the Senator does not like the rate of duty
on the wool imported scoured, I have no objec-
tion to his making a change, but I want the words
" increased in value by being scoured or cleansed "
stricken out, because they are impracticable.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
making it distinct and clear by inserting the word
" scoured." We all understand what that means.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I understand there
is no objection to the first partof the amendment,
which is to strike out the words " increased in
value by being scoured or cleansed" and to insert
" imported scoured."
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that,
but I think the duty ought to be four times as
much on the scoured wool as on the other, in-
stead of double.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that altera-
tion can be made afterwards.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
amendment to this clause is, in lines thirty-six
and thirty-seven 'of section four, to strike out the
words "increased in value by being scoured or
cleansed" and to insert " imported scoured."
The amendment was agreed to.
The. PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment is in line thirty-eight, to strike out
" addition to" and insert "lieu of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, I move to amend
the clause by striking out the word " double" in
line thirty-eight and inserting "four times."
This will carry out the views which I entertain,
and will leave the matter for a committee of con-
ference.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, line
sixteen, to strike out the word " five" after the
word "fifty;" so as to make the clause read:
" On Brussels and tapestry Brussels carpets and
carpeting, printed on the warp or otherwise, 50
cents per square yard."
Mr. FOSTER. It seems to me that the duty
specified by the House of Representatives in this
particular ought not to bechanged. Theduty of
55 cents per square yard, although it seems large,
is not by any means more than it should be, as
I think a duty of 55 cents upon the square yard
is equal to 41? cents on the running yard. The
neutralizing duties or taxes upon that 41j cents
the running yard are made up in this way: in the
first place there are 6 cents on the pound of wool
which goes into the manufacture of that running
yard of carpet; then there is 35 per cent, duty on
a pound and a half of linen yarn, worth 27 cents.
That makes 9 45-100 cents. Then the duty on
the dyestuffs which go into the running yard of
carpeting is 2 cents; then there is 5 per cent, ex-
cise tax on $2, the average price of a yard of this
carpeting,which amounts to 10 cents. That makes
the total amount of neutralizing duties on a yard
ofthis carpeting27 45-100cents. Subtracting that
from 41 25-100 cents and it leaves the duty on the
running yard 13 80-100 cents. That really is all
the duty upon this running yard of carpeting,
nominally in the bill 55 cents. That sum of
13 80-100 cents per running yard is about 21 per
cent, on the imported article, which costs about
65 cents per yard. That I submit to the Senate
is not too much. A duty of 20 per cent, or 25
