1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
in the several districts"—I suppose he means con-
gressional districts, but he does not say so—-
" shall be made from the candidates according to
their respective merits and qualifications, to be
determined under such rules and regulations as
the Secretary of War shall from time to time pre-
scribe." Now, when I ask what are to be the
methods under which the selection is to be made,
he says he throws that responsibility on the Sec-
retary of "War. That is shirking the responsi-
bility. We ought to satisfy ourselves as to how
that shall be done. We ought to be sure that jus-
tice is going to be done among the several districts
of the country and to the young men who have
gone outfrom those several districts into the Army
to fight our battles for us. It will not do, there-
fore, for us here to throw the responsibility upon
somebody else, to give some other officer the
power to regulate this subject, and then come back
a year hence, or two years hence, if there is com-
plaint madS about the system, and shirk the re-
sponsibility by saying the Secretary of War did
not carry out the ideas we really entertained, but
which we had not matured sufficiently so as to be
able to express them in the form of a'law.
Mr. President, long before I heard the Senator
last Friday I had read all that Mr. Barnard, who
is the agitator on this subject, had written on the
subject of competitive examinations at the Mili-
tary and Naval Academies. So far as the prin-
ciple was concerned, 1 have always fully agreed
with him ; and when I drafted a bill here in regard
to midshipmen some two years ago, 1 endeavored
assiduously to devise some scheme, and I called
to my assistance men familial'with the subject to
see if they could not assist me in devising some
system by winch this competitive examination
might be carried into execution; but we discov-
ered that legislating for a military Government
like France was altogether a different thing from
legislating for a Government like ours, covering
a whole continent^ Are you going to adopt the
.system they have in France of sending military
officers to the Army and to the several districts of
the country^ Is it practicable to send this com-
mission through Iowa and Illinois and Indiana
and Rhode Island and California and Oregon?
If you do not do that, will you give, as the Sen-
ator says he desires to do, the pooiest and hum-
blest young lad in the country an opportunity to
go before the board to be examined? That is the
method in which they are examined in France.
I think the Senator will agree with me that that
method is impracticable; you cannot do it. The
geographical and topographical condition of your
country is such that you cannot send a board
into every State and every congressional district
of each State to examine all of the young men in
it. The tiaveling expenses would be enormous.
I apprehend nobody could estimate how much
the expense of this system would be if it were
adopted here.
Almost all, or a very large proportion, of the
young men 'who go into the French military
academy go in fiom the army. Under this prop-
osition of the Senator, if it were adopted by Con-
gress and should become a law, we should ex-
clude all the young men who have gone from our
several States and^districts into the Army. This
commission would go to the respective districts
throughout the States. They Would not have an
opportunity to examine them, and the young men
who are in the Army would not have an oppor-
tunity to appear hefoie this board to be examined.
I think my colleague will agree with me that the
most satisfactory selections that have ever been
made in our Statu for appointment to the Military
Academy have been made dunng the last year;
not at the instance of any Senator or any Repre-
sentative—for I knew nothing about them until
afier they were made—but made of young men
who had distinguished themselves in the Army
u fid or General G taut and General Sherman. N ow,
1 should like to know how it would be possible
for those young nn n, if the system which the Sena-
tor fiom Rhode island proposes is to he adopted,
ever to get fiom the Army before a board to be
examined, m order that theymight be appointed
to the Military Academy. Ate you going to send
tins commission as will to the Army and to every
subdivision of it? Are you going to stop the
Army in its career, in order to examine into the
comparative merits and scholastic attainments of
the young men in the Army?.
If I had the power, if I had any connection with
this subject, I think my present impression is that
I would draw a bill by which all of the cadets to
the Military Academy should be selected from
the Army for the time being. It could not be done
in onesection, norintwo,norin three; butl would
try to devise some scheme by which those who
have most distinguished themselves for their gal-
lantry, for their skill and resolution in the Army,
should fill up the vacancies in the Military Acad-
emy, and by competition if you please, for there
it is possible to have a competitive examination.
The young men who were appointed from the
Army last summer were examined. General Sher-
man, through whose influence several of them were
appointed, to my knowledge, did send them before
a board of Army officers, and those officers ex-
amined the military records of those men and gave
them an examination. There it was practicable.
A certain number of these appointments were del-
egated to General Grant and General Sherman,
and they had the means, while the Army was lying
in camp, of sending the young men before a board
of officers and giving them the proper examina-
tion. I should be willingto carry that idea, there
and then inaugurated by General Sherman and
General Grant, still further, and to take for this
year and for the next all the young men from the
Army; but under this proposition of the Senator
from Rhode Island they are all to be taken from
the several districts, and the Army would be ne-
cessarily excluded from the benefits of the selec-
tion.
There is only one other way in which they
could be selected, and that would be for the Sec-
retary of War to allow eachmember of Congress to
designate his own board before which young men
desiring to reach West Point .should appear and
be examined. Does it not occur to every Sena-
tor that if you allow that to be done in every con-
gressional district, you are going to have just as
many standards of excellence as there are dis-
tricts, and does not everybody know that the
member of Congress can select just whom he
pleases to examine them, and that he virtually
and in fact would retain in his hands the same
power over the selection under that system that
he exercises now?
If there be any other method that the Secretary
of War could adopt, it has failed thus far to im-
press itself upon my mind. Let me say to the
Senator that so far as the abstract proposition is
concerned I assent to it entirely; 1 have always
concurred in the idea; but considering our geo-
graphical position and the condition that we are
in now, when so many of our young men, and the
very young men who ought to go into the Mili-
tary Academy, are drawn off into the Army, and
the expense that would attend it, and the time
that would be necessary to carry out this investi-
gation through a commission appointed by the
War Department to go over the several districts,
and the incertitude and dissatisfaction that must
attend any system by which each member of Con-
gress would be authorized to appoint his own
commission, I must confess that the proposition
as it stands does not strike me favorably. That
some scheme may be devised by which there may
be a competitive examination of these young men, '
1 do not pretend to deny. I am willing to agree
that some scheme ought to be devised, and 1 am
willing to assist the Senator from Rhode Island
in attempting to get up such a schcme; but it can-
not be done m a single section on an appropria-
tion bill. Somebody must give particular atten-
tion to the whole subject, taking into consideration
all its bearings, and then we may devise some-
thing that will be satisfactory to the country and
to ourselves.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to prolong
this debate, and I am not going to do so. The
Senator from Iowa has answered himself so much
better than I can, that it is unnecessary for me to
attempt to do so. He commenced by saying that
it would be impossible to include the Army in
this system. He then went on to show how the
Army had actually been included in a competi-
tive examination, and that is precisely the way it
might be done under the proposed system; that is,
the young men who are in the Army fiom a par-
ticular district might have m the various regi-
ments a competitive examination, and those who
came out best might have an examination among
themselves.
Mr. GRIMES. Your section requiresthat they
shall be examined in t&eir districts.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it does not require it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Would the Senator have
the young men m the Army examined by one
board, and the young men in the district at home
by another?
Mr. ANTHONY. No.
Mr. COLLAMER. How will you get them
together?
Mr. ANTHONY. I would have the young
men in each regiment belonging to a particular
district who passed the best to stand an examina-
tion with the young men in other regiments who
passed the best.
Mr. COLLAMER. How are they to stand in
competition then with the young men at home in
the district?
Mr. ANTHONY. Let them all come home
and have an examination at home.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then they mustgetleave
of absence in some way.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let them get leave of ab-
sence. There will beonly one,perhaps,ifraregi-
ment. I do not propose in this amendment to
state how the examination shall be conducted.
That isa matter of executive, notof legislative ar-
rangement. I do not think the Senate and House
of Representatives together could make so good
a plan of examination as the Secretary of War
could. The Secretary of War has all the military
science, all the military skill in the country at his
command, and he has the best educational science
at his command; and to say that he cannot do
precisely what has been done in other countries,
and what has been found to be necessary and has
lately been done in England, seems to me to be
perfectly absurd. The best test of the practica-
bility of a thing is thatit has been done, and that
it has been done*by practical people.
The Senator from Iowa says he would join me
in drawing up a bill to accomplish the object. I
do not think that we are the persons to draw up
such a bill, to make these regulations. 1 think
that belongs to the Executive Department. If I
may pursue the illustration that i made before,
we might just as well settle the details of a ship
when we instruct the Secretary of the Navy to
construct one. When we tell him to build a gun-
boat, we might as well settle what shall be the
length of the keel, and what shall be the draught
of water,and what shall be the breadth of beam. I
think it is a matter of executive detail and arrange-
ment altogether.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator whether it exactly follows that be-
cause it has been done in other countries it can
be done in ours. There is a very great differ-
ence in extent of territory, in the first place; and
in the nextplace the Senate will observe that there
is a very great difference in the amount and ex-
tent of education. Probably where there would
be one applicant for an appointment of this kind
tiither in France or England, with sufficient edu-
cation, we might have four or five hundred, be-
cause we educate everybody; everybody under-
stands what he is at liberty to do. I should be
very glad to have such a system carried out if it
could be done; but my great apprehension js that
it will make an enormous expense in the way of
tiaveling about to make such examinations, in the
first place. If the commission or commissions be
sent all over the country for this ptirpose> the ne-
cessary expense of traveling must be very great;
and the result being doubtful, it is hardly worth
while to try such an experiment now. So it seems
to me.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not propose that they
shall travel all over. I behe ve that in every dis-
trict there will be found men of the very highest
character who will undertake this service for
nothing, and the young men themselves will come
to the examination at their own expense if this
amendment shall prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But who is to pay the ex-
penses of the board ? Does the Senator think per-
sons can be found who will sit a fortnight to ex-
amine everybody that comes, in every district?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That ought to be ascer-
tained. And does the Senator think they will be
persons capable of making the examination and
judging?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do; and the more capa-
