1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
redge, are not new acquaintances here. These
same gentlemen received the appropriation made
two years ago of $123,000. I read from the Re-
publican paper I have before referred to:
" In 3861 Messrs. White &. Harrow were owners of the
wharf next adjoining tUc navy-yard wail. They, or oneof
them atk-.^t, bad done business thereon for many year?.
But they finallv wanted to pell, and sought a purchaser in
the United States, (But though application was made to
the proper officer.*, and though the property vvah offered for
$'70,000 or less, the owners were unable to sell it. They
wuie made to understand the United States did not want
it. They thereupon sold it to Messrs. Oakman & Eidredge
in 1W51 for $05,125. These gentlemen added certain nn-
piovemeiits., and shortly after sold the whole to the United
States for $123,000. The sale was consummated by a ces-
sion ot jurisdiction on the part of tiie Commonwealth by
an act passed on April 30, 1863."
That was the item to which I called the attention
of the House when this item was under consider-
ation before. More than two years ago you ap-
propriated for the enlargement of this very wharf
$123,000. It now turns out that these same stock-
jobbers purchased it at $65,000, made some im-
provements, and immediately afterwards trans-
ferred it to the Government for §123,000, when the
men who soid it to them had offered it to the Gov-
ernment for $75,000.
Another fact: it was said that the Government
ought to secure this land at once, because the own-
ers weie not anxious to sell and would only ex-
tend the offer of the land to the Government for
a short time; we should be prompt, therefore, in
securing it upon such favorable terms. Such was
the argument. This paper referring to the ap-
parent absence of anxiety to sell says:
"It was confidently statedin the debate in the Senate, and
by individn.il Senators who favored the measure in con-
vocation, that Oakman & Eidredge were not at all d  sir-
ou«u>f carVvtng thtough the'tradc, and had quite as lief te-
tain the property as sell it at the pioposcd price. This
seemed, even then, stiange, m view of the fact that the
oes.-mn ot jurisdiction had been a-keri foi by them, and not
by any ofiieer* of the Govern incut; that their pi ivate coun-
sel appeared bclore the committee to ume it; that Mr.
Oakman was present at Washington then uiging it. and it
wai appaient a lobby member or more was engaged upon
the House. The Senate, upon consideration ot the pioofs,
however, by the very decisive vote ot 25 to 11, rejected the
appiopriation. Immediately upon the jeeeiptof this intel-
ligence in Massachusetts, Mr. Oakman again left for Wash-
ington. We think he yet remains theie. And the tele-
{Iiaph icpoitJs that die measure i* revived, with fieth pioofs,
lu-tore the Committee of Ways and Means. This again
s-oems i-tiange, if, as ha« been so often and so earnestly rep-
resented. the mvneis do not desne to hell at the proposed
price. Aeeoulmclv, the mayor, in pursuance of the duty
ca^t upon him by the oity council, lias forwarded to Wash-
ington some tie'sh affidavit*, and among the facts related
theietn i<- one to tin- effect : that when Mft'sr«. Oakman
& Eidredge bought Hisutnaii's wharf, Mr. Oakman said he
was paying too gtcal a puce for that it was not woi tliso
much, and'that if he did not succeed in selling it to the Uni-
ted States at any time within one \ ear he would give Mr.
IJitttnger $10,000 to take it back P 
So that Oakman & Eidredge pocketed from the
Government for the sale of this very ground the
difference between $65,000 and $123,000less than
three ye'arsago, buying the property for that very
purpose. And now they propose the same game,
and the Senate, indignantly frowning upon coi-
ruption and fraud, reject the amendment; and now
gentlemen are uigmg, with all these proofs before
them and the country, that this fraud shall be con-
summated by the pertinacious obstinacy of this
House.
Mr. KING. 1 certainly will not gainsay the
declarations of the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means or of the gen-
tleman ftom Massachusetts as to the different
versions which have been given of this matter.
Doubtless they have given their veisions upon
what they consider to begood grounds, butevery
step taken in the progress of this matter confirms
me in the opinion that this House would be doing
a very great wrong in making this appropriation
under the circumstances.
Now, there is a difference of opinion in ref-
erence to this thing, right upon the ground there
at Charlestown. "We are notable to determine
whether those who made the affidavits intro-
duced by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man,] or those who made the affidavits introduced
by" the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Rice,] aie coirect; but that difference certainly
makes an issue, and leaves the matter so doubt-
ful that I am unwilling to vote$135,000outof the
public Treasury until that doubt is removed. I
will not undertake to say which of them are right;
but my opinion is that there is some scheme on
foot by which these parties, who are seeking to
sell this properly to the Government,are to make
a very large speculation. It seems that they dou-
bled their money upon a sale connected with this
property only two years ago; and now it seems
they will make no trade unless they can about
double their money again, according to the version
of those parties whose testimony has been read
here. The editor of that newspaper published at
the place where the property is situated says they
are trying now to have an act passed by which
they are to double their money. I do not object
to that if the property is worth it; butrightupon
the top of that it appears that these parties pro-
posed to sell back the property to the party from
whom they purchased it for $10,000 less than they
paid, provided they did not sell it to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Massachusetts to a state-
ment made in one of these articles. It is stated
that the affidavits of a large number of the most
experienced and competent men were furnished
that the portion of the wharves proposed to be
sold for $135,000 would be dear at $60,000, and
that the portion letamed from the two wharves
by Oakman & Eidredge was worth as much or
more than that they propose to sell; so that they
would retain one half of the value of that for which
they paid $104,000, and sell the other half for
$135,000. This evidence came from the owners
of wharf property in the neighborhood,from mer-
chants, from wharf builders, and from gentlemen
who sell real estate, and who have the best knowl-
edge of these affairs.
If seems from that statement that they propose
to retain more than one half of this property in
value, and to receive for the remaining one half
$135,000, being $31,000 more than they paid for
the whole property. 1 would like to have the
gentleman from Massachusetts explain that.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I thank the gen-
tleman from Iowa fot the opportunity of replying
to that statement. I stated when 1 was on the
floor befoie that the whole cost of this property
to Oakman & Eidredge,according to the evidence
subnrfkted to the House, was $104,000. Upon it
they have made improvements costing from twen-
ty-five to thirty thousand dollars. That makes
the net cost of the property something more than
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars as it
stands to-day. A certain portion of this prop-
erty is of no practical use whatever to the Navy
Department, and therefore Oakman & Eidredge
propose to sell to the Navy Department all that is
of value of that which cost $130,000 for $135,000.
In reply to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Iowa, that the part which the owners re-
set ve is worth as much or more than that which
they propose to sell to the Government, I will
say to him distinctly that Oakman & Eidredge
offer to sell the entire property to the Government
for $160,000, which only amounts to $25,000 for
the part that they letam. Then, sir, how pre-
posterous it is to come in here and say that the
portion which they propose to retain for them-
selves is worth as much or more than what
they propose to sell to the Government, when
they ask $135,000 for the part which they will
sell to the Government, but will sell the whole for
§160,000! The simple truth is that there is con-
fusion in respect to this subject, as I apprehend,
growing out of the fact that two purchases were
made, and gentlemen have got into their minds
the sum paid for one wharf and the sum paid for
another without combining the two together.
In reply to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
King,] who raisses a doubt in regard to the value
of this land upon the suggestion that we have
affidavits upon the one side tiiat the land is worth
sixty or seventy thousand dollars, and on the
other side that it is worth all that the Government
proposes to pay for it, I desire to ask him how
he will decide a question of this kind ? Will he
set aside the opinion of Admual Gregory, and of
Admiral Stringham, and Commodore Montgom-
ery, and of the Secietary of the Navy, and the
chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, and the
civil engineer of the yard, and, I believe, of every
officer of the Navy who has given any opinion
upon this subject? Will he set the opinions of
ail these officers aside, and consider them of only
equal value to the article in a newspaper, which
was submitted here by the gentleman from Indi-
ana? I do not know who wrote that article in
the newspaper, f have seen it only since I came
into the House. But I simply say, ■without im-
pugning the motives of'the writer of that ^ti-
de, and without impugning the motives of. any
man who opposes'this purchase, that-all the evi-
dence we have o,n the subject, which we are
bound to receive, is in fa vol* of these twothings;
in the first place, that thfa purchase is, absolutely
necessary for the use of the Government; and in
the second place, that the price is a fair'orfe.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ? ' -
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will, -witja
great pleasure.
Mr. HOLMAN, Let me say to the gentleman -
that if it is true that there is some conflict as to
the value of this property,if the citizens of Charles-
town, being on the spot, have rnisconceived its
value, and these naval officers living abroad can
understand the matter no better than the citizens
there do, is it not a much safer policy if the Gov*
ernment really needs this land to lei it be reg-
ularly condemned under the law which we are to
pass for the condemnation of property required
by the Government?
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
that that bill has already passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. So much the better. Then
there is a law upon the statute-book to avoid these
chances of fraud and peculation upon the Gov-
ernment, a law for the proper and legitimate con-
demnation of property if it is needed for the pub-
lic use, just such a law as we should have had in
force from the beginning of the Government, and
which would not only have saved millions of
money, but would have prevented an ocean of **
frauds committed on the Government.
Now, sir, here is the judgment of the city of
Charlestown in relation to the value of this prop-
erty. I read from the Republican paper to which
I before referred:
<< It wan and i^ no part ofv'the purpose of the city of
Charlestown to chcck the growth ot expansion or pro>per-
ity of this naval station. If all its lenitory were really
needed by the Government it would be cheerfully surren-
deied, and so ot any portion, Butit opposes what it deems
an improvident purchase, for the reason that, if' consum-
mated, it will be a loss to the United States not Jess than
to the eity. and, indeed, the public at large. Besides, at a
time when the public Treasury is attacked by avigorgreater
than that which is exerted against the enemy in arms, it
was thought to lie a plain duty to furnish the facts fmpnit-
aniJto be known by those who are its custodians, in oider
tomi intelligent discharge of their duties."
And now, if the gentleman will permit me, I
will say that if, with this light before us,, without
a clear knowledge that this land is necessary,
withouta clear knowledge ofits value, and with a
law on the statute book-authorizing the condem-
nation of this property—if under these circum-
stances we permit this fraud to be consummated,
it will reflect severely on the integrity of the Gov-
ernment. ,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. With all due
respcct to the gentleman from Indiana, I submit
that it is hardly fair for him to characterize this
enterprise as a fraud. I do not believe there is
any evidence before him or before the House to
justify him in characterizing it as a fraud. In
doing so he charges fraud on one of the.highest
Departments of the Government, and on a large
number of gentlemen whose integrity, so far as I
know, stands unimpeached here and elsewhere.
I want to say a single word more in reply to
the gentleman from Indiana. I understood him
to advocate the forcible seizure of this property,
that it might be converted to Government pur-
poses.
Mr. HOLMAN. If required for Government
use.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I am quite sur-
prised to hear from the honorable gentleman an
advocacy of' a measure of so harsh a character.
I thought he was one of those who did not be-
lieve in the assumption of arbitrary powers on
the part of thfe Government. I believe there is
not an instance on record where the Government
has ever from its foundation to this day seized a
piece of property for the establishment of a navy-
yard or for any similar purpose whatever. And
I am greatly surprised that in this time, here,
when there is an opportunity *o make a fair pur-
chase and for a use declared to be necessary by
all the officers of the Government who have any
knowledge of it—a purchase which two commit-
tees of this House have sanctioned, which this
House itself has sanctioned—the gentleman from
