1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of my resolution—that the adjournment shall be
from the 23d of December to the 5th of January.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
'adopted; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. LONGYEAR submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expcdiencyof so amending sec-
tion two of the act to provide for enrolling and calling out
the national forces, and forother purposes, that the right of
aged and infirm persons to select one of two or more sons
liable to military duty under said act to be exempt shall
depend upon the fact thats>uchaged and infirm persons are
dependent upon the labor of sucli son for their support.
CAKMACIC AND RAMSAY.
Mr. KASSON. I have a joint resolution to
present, on which I shall ask the action of the
House at this time. When it is read by the Clerk
I will explain it in a few words.
The Clerk read the resolution. It provides that
all of the papers and evidence touching the claim
of Carmack and Ramsay submitted to the First
Comptroller of the Treasury shall, together with
all the questions relating thereto, be transferred to
the Court of Claims for adjustment and determ-
ination.
Mr. KASSON. I ask leave to say a few words
in explanation of that joint resolution, and then
that it be put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. MORRiLL. I hope objection will be with-
drawn, as the gentleman from Iowa proposes to
occupy a few moments only.
Mr. KASSON. The subject demands early
action.
Mr. HULBURD. I object.
Mr. KASSON. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAWES. The subject was fully consid-
ered at the last session by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and 1 think that it
should now go to the same committee. I make
that motion.
Mr. KASSON. I consulted with the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and he specially requested that it should
not again be referred to that committee. In a
few words I can explain the whole matter.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. KASSON. I want to speak on the ques-
tion of reference.
The SPEAKER. That is not debatable.
Mr. DAWES, i do not want to force the res-
olution on the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads if that committee does not want it,
and I therefore withdraw my motion.
The joint resolution was read a second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
INCREASE OF SALARIES.
Mr. KASSON introduced a bill to equalize the
salary of certain officers therein named, which
was read a first time.
The bill provides that the Assistant Secretary
of State, the Assistant Secretary of War, the
Assistant Secretary of the Interior, the Assistant
Attorney General, and the First Assistant Post-
master General, from the commencement of the
present fiscal year shall be paid the same salary
as is now by law paid respectively to the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury and the Assistant
Secretary of the Navy; provided, however, that
no extra compensation shall be paid to such as-
sistants for services heretofore or hereafter ren-
dered when acting as the head of their respective
Departments during the absence, sickness, or other
disability of that officer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the second reading of the bill. It proposes to
raise salaries.
The SPEAKER, The question is,<( Shall the
bill be rejected?"
The bill was rejected; there being, on a division
—ayes 80, noes 51.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was rejected;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INHUMANITY OF THE ENEMY.
Mr. KASSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire and report the facts respecting the
alleged inhumanity of the enemy in their treatment of our
dead and wounded soldiers on the battle-field, and of the
prisoners of war in their hands; and that they report as
early as possible, with such recommendations for the action
of the House as they think necessary.
CLAIMS OF DECEASED AND DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr, KASSON also submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
inquire into the causes of the delay at the offices of the
Paymaster General and of the Second Auditor in the ad-
justment and payment of the accounts and claims of de-
ceased and disabled soldiers, and report wiiat legislation,
if any, is necessary to facilitate such adjustment and pay-
ment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out " Committee of Claims"
and inserting "Committee on Military Affairs,"
Mr. KASSON. I think the Committee ofClaims
will have more leisure to investigate the matter,
and that we shall have an earlier report from them.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the rule may be read which prescribes the duties
of the Committee of Claims; it will show that they
have no jurisdiction of this subject whatever.
The Cierk read the rule, as follows:
"78. It shall be the duty of the Committee of Claim* to
take into consideration all such petitions and matters or
things touching claims and demands on the United States
as shall be piesented, or s>hali or may come in question,
and be referred to them by the House; and to report their
opinion thereupon, together with such propositions for re
lief therein as to them shall seem expedient."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And now I
would like to have the resolution again read, in
the light of that rule.
The resolution was again read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that as
the resolution, by its very terms, refers to claims
against the United States, and as the rule author-
izes everything referring to claims against the
United States to be referred to the Committee of
Claims, the resolution is in order; but it is a mat-
ter for the House to determine, whether that is
the proper committee to which to refer it.
The resolution was then agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON COINAGE, ETC.
Mr. KASSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the select committee
on rules:
jRcsoZvcJ,That an additional standing committee shall be
appointed at the eommencementof the first session of each
Congress, whoseduties shall continueuntll the first session
of the ensuing Congress, to consist of five members, to be
entitled the Committee on National and International Coin-
age, Weights,and Measures; and to that committee shall be
reterred bills, resolutions, and communications to this
House upon the subjects named m the title of the commit-
tee.
PRISONERS IN REBEL HANDS.
Mr. GR1NNELL submitted the following res-
olution; upon which he demanded the previous
question;
Whereas since the breaking out of the rebellion prisoners
held by the United States have been treated under the rules
of war with most humane consideration j and whereas on
learning that our soldiers held at Richmond were suffering
unto death for food and clothing by the confession of their
captors—in the language of Mr.Footeof the rebel congress,
the commissary general having starved the enemy's prison-
ers—the fi tends of the prisoners and the soldiers'aid socie-
ties continued to forward food and clothing until forbidden
by the rebel authorities: Therefor®,
Rnolved, That this is a wanton act of cruelty unprece-
dented in modern warfare, at war with the humane senti-
ments of the age, and meets the piotest and execration of
this House, and can but consign the authors of such infa-
mous deeds to the reprobation of the Almighty.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move an amend-
ment to that resolution?
The SPEAKER. Not at this stage.
Mr. M ALJLOllY. I rise to a question of order.
Is it in order in this House to allude to the lan-
guage or expressions of gentlemen in the rebel
congress ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question, not being acquainted with the rule
in regard to that subject.
Mr. MALLORY. I submit it as apoiot for
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will gratify the genjtle-
man 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order-
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from1' Iowa
will be allowed to modify his resolution, if he
desires to do so.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will strike out the ntfme
of Mr. Foote, if that will please the gentleman.
Mr. COX. 1 hope the gentleman will be al-
lowed to amend his resolution. We do not want
any recognition of the rebel congress.
The resolution was agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI RAPIDS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved} That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of constructing
a canal around the rapids in the Mississippi river commen-
cing £t Keokuk,Iowa; and that the committee have leave
to report by bin or otheiwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman admit an amendment to include the
upper rapids?
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 propose to debate- the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order; the
previous question is demanded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, being put, the reso-
lution was agreed to.
RANK OF PROVOST MARSHAL GENERA.I,.
Mr. COBB submitted the following resolution,
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for in-
creasing the rank of the Provost Marshal General of the
United States.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on the resolution; and
there were—nyes 58, noes 62.
Mr. COBB called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. As this is a proposition to
increase the pay of certain officers, I ask whether
it is in order to move to amend by including the
boys who are in the field?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. SLOAN offered the following resolution,
and moved the previous question on its adoption:
Resolved, Tiiat the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing,
by act of Congress, the construction of a through line or
railway between the cities of Washington andNew York;
and to report by bill or otherwise at the earliest conven-
ience.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 69,
noes 60.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative, and the
resolution was laid on the table.
RESOLUTIONS 01' CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. COLE, of California, presented joint res-
olutions of the State of California; which were
ordered to be printed, and referred as indicated
below:
Relative to the boundary line. Referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Relative to a weekly mail into Tehama county,
California. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.,
Relative to a weekly mail in Tulare county,
California. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Relative to Indian supplies, and reservations.
Referred to, the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Relative to tax on native wine. Referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
