1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
ble they are the more likely they would be to
serve without compensation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By whom shall they be
selected?
Mr. ANTHOIN V. 1 do notpretend to arrange
the details; but if I were to do so, I would have
them selected by the member of Congress of the
district.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would be leaving
it to him after all. That would result as it is now.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is very easy for Senators
to bring up an impracticable plan of doing the
thing, and then to say it cannot be done accord-
ing to that plan.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is merely the Sen-
ator's answer to himself. He is asked if he can
bring up a practicable plan, and he cannot do it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Can the Senator make a
ship ? If he were asked about that, he would say,
u Go to the navy-yard; go to Mr. Webb to build
a ship." So I would goto the Secretary of War
to make this arrangement.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 15, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Mcscrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Divon,Foster, Hale, Howard, Morgan,Sheiman,Sumner,
Trumhuil, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—15.
NAYtf—Messrs. JJuokaicw, Colhuner, Connors, Davis,
DoolitU^jFesscnilon,Foot,Grimes, tlaulmjr, Harlan, Uauis,
[fowt;, Johnson, La tic of Kansas, Moi rill. Ne^mit I), Powell,
Riddle, S.iutebury, Tt-n Eyck, Willey, and Wright—2^.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I propose an amendment as an
additional section:
Jindhcit furthei cnactcd, That no part of the nionrv here-
by appropriate*! shall be applied to the suppoit or'payol"
any cadets nor appointed in confoimity with the expicvs
piovi.-non ol'law regulating appointments of cadets at that
Academy.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know why
it is necessary to propose such tyi amendment as
that. Are the cadets paid now contrary to law?
Mr. IIALE. I am sorry to be obliged to be
under the necessity of explaining it. I will ex-
plain it in a moment, and I will say that the same
thing prevails at the Naval Academy. The pro-
vision of law for the appointment of cadets ut the
Military Academy is as follows:
" Ueieafter in all eases of appointment-* of ratlcN to the
West Point Academv, the individual selected shall he an
actual resident of the eon«n'^ional dMuct of the .State or
Territory, oi Di-Jtnot o| Columbia, from which the ap-
pointment purport to ho made: rfnd provided fmiher, That
lh   number of cadet- by appointment,- heicaUn to be made
shall be limited to the mimhei of the Rrptosemauve.- and
Delegate in Oon ir«v. and one foi tlx* i>i^tnet of Cnliun-
hia; arid thateachfon^ies-jonal and territonal dHiu-tand
tile iitstricf of UoluinIna shall h<j eutitled to have one cadet at
nan! Academy : Ptovidcd, Tim! nothing in iho section shall
pi event the appoint meat of an additional number of cadets-,
not cu'ecdmg ton, to he appointed at huge, without being
confined lo a selection by eonyre^ional dMitets.''
The construction which has been put this year
upon the law—it never has been so construed, I
believe, until this year—by some of the officeis
Of the War Department is that they may not only
appoint cadets recommended, according to the
provisions of the law, by the Representative from
the district, but that, for all the districts out of
the Union, that, are not icpresented in Congress,
there may be appointments made by the War De-
partment without any recommendation by any-
body. If the law authorizes it, this provision
will have no eflVct; but if these cadets weie ap-
pointed contrary to law, there will be no provis-
ion made for then-suppoi t That will be the effect.
Mr. (-ON NKSS. 1 have two objections to the
adoption of the amendment. One* is explained i
by the honorable Senator fiom New Hampshire, |
namely, that it might operate against the support I
of those cadets appointed at large and recently 1
taken from the Army. The circumstaneesunder '
which those appointments were made are anom- 1
ulous and new, and there should be nostnetpro-
vision of law applied that would pre\ent them, '
being appointed, from having the suppoit pro- i
vided by law. !
My second objection is that according to a strict :
construction of the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator, no support could be had for
the cadeis appointed fiom my own State of'Cufi- ;
fornia. it will fie noticed thatcadetsare rcqnncd 1
by the lettei of the law to be appointed from the !
congressional distiict. Up to tins time we have
no eongtes^oiia! districts in California. ■
Mi. ANTHONY. Thcie is no such law, .
There is no {aw that inquires the cadets at West ]
Point to In- ^ppoimod from congrossionaldistricta. !
The Senator from Vermont, who is fully informed
on this subject, tells me so.
Mr. FOOT. It isa mere regulation of the War
Department. There is no law on the subject. It
is a mere departmental regulation. In refeierice
to midshipmen at the Naval Academy, the law re-
quires that they shall be appointed on the recom-
mendation of the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives at the time; but the same law does
not apply to the Military Academy. There isno
provision of law that requires the appointments
of cadets at the Military Academy to be by dis-
tricts and on the recommendation of members of
Congress.
Mr. HALE. I think you are mistaken.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear that
read a«£aiu, if the honorable Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Johnson] will favor us. There isa
mistake somewhere.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Maryland has
the law which f read.
Mr. JOHNSON. The law to which the hon-
orable member from New Hampshire referred is
the law of the 1st of March, 1843, as given in the
Digest, and 1 suppose the Digest is right;
Hereafter in all cases of appointments of cadets to the
West Point Academy the individual selected shall he an
actual icsidcnt of the concessional dhtuct of tin: State
or Teintoiy, ot Uistuctot Columbia, lt.oin which iho ap-
pointment purpoi t-> to be made: Jlndpiovided further, That
the number of cadets by appointment- hcreaitei to he made
Mmll be hunted to the number ot the Representatives and
Delegates in Congress, and one lot the Di-tuct of Colum-
bia ; and that each eougiei-Monal and tcintoual district and
the Di-tiietot Columbia Miall tie entitled lo have one cadet at
siaid Academy : Provided, That nothing in this section -hall
prevent the appointment ot an additional number of cadets,
not exceeding.ten, to he appointed at huge, without being
eoutined to adduction by eongie-ssional diatuctf."
Mr. CONNESS. 1 suppose the Senator from
New Hampshire will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. WALK. No.
J\Ir. CONiNESS. I hope the amendment will
not lie adopted, lest in its operation it should be
construed as the Senator undoubtedly intends it
should be.
Mr. H ALE. I have no disposition anil no wish
to cut oll'anyhody; hut 1 think that while we have
laws, it is incumbent upon us to see them en-
forced; and I am perfectly willing, to meet the
case that has been suggested by the Senator from
California, Unit the amendment slull read that no
pnitofihc mom y shall be applied to the support
ol any cadets hereafter appointed except in con-
formity to law. It is simply saying that while
you have laws they shall be enfoieed, and if there
is no law the amendment will be hmmless.
Mr. CONNiiSS. 1 do not see the necessity for
the amendment.
Mr. IIALE. There is 110 necessity for the
amendment if Congress is willing to abdicate anil
let the War Department put in whom they please,
and as many as they please, and oil such condi-
tions as they please.
Mr. CONNESS. The object of the Senator
would seem to be to restrict the War Department
m its action. 1 am not informed that the War
Department in any manner mteiferes with the
appointment of these cadets, except as provided
by law. If that Department does so, the Senator
will specify the instance, and I will vote with him
to apply a corrective; but upon a mere assump-
tion that ihey do 
Mi. HALE. It is in a printed document which
the Department have sent to us on the call of the
Senate this session.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand it as the
Senator docs I do not desire to continue this
discussion unnecessarily, i hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. HALE. 1 modify the amendment so as
to say, " those horeaftcrappoitued."
Mr. DAVIS. I undetstand the law which was
read by the Senator ftom New Hampshire es-
tablishes two principles: first, that the number of
cadets shall not be greater than the number of
congressional districts, ten at large, and one for
the District of Columbia; and second, that those
cadets shall reside m their respective congres-
sional districts. If that be the law, every cadct
must fulfill two conditions: in the first place, he
must reside within a particular congressional dis-
trict; and in the next place, theie can be butonc
from each congressional district.
Mr. HOWE. I had occasion to look at this
subject of the appointment of cadets to the Mili-
tary School some time ago. My recollection was
not very distinct about it; but t have an act be-
fore me which verifies such recollection as I had
on the subject. In 1852 an act was passed regu-
lating the appointment of midshipmen in the Na-
val School, and that provides:
"No appointment of muUhipman, acting midshipman,
orpupi! at any Naval School in the Navy, shah be made
unless recommended by the member of Congress ^present-
ing the di-mict in which the applicant resides, in the same
manner that cadets at West Point ate now appointed/'
That, to be sure, is not an enactment that ca-
dets at West Point shall be appointed upon the
recommendation of a member of Congress, hut it
is a legislative recognition of that mode of ap-
pointment.
Mr. FOOT. The appointment of cadets at
West Point is regulated by rule of the Depart-
ment, and not by law.
Mr. HOWE. And this isa recognition of that
rule of appointment.
Mr. FOOT. That law requires that midship-
men to the Naval Academy shall be selected in the
same manner that cadets at West Point are se-
lected, the practice being that their selection is
made by the member representing the district, in
accotdanee with the tule of the Department, anel
not of a legislative provision,
Mr. HOWE. I concede that this is not an en-
actment, but it is a very clear recognition of the
propriety of that rule.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not like this amendment,
and 1 want to call the attention of my colleague
to it and to the principle of it. For a wrong act
on the part of the Secretary of War, or some-
body else, it proposes not to deai with the Secre-
tary of War, but to deal with the appointees.
Mr. HALE. As it is modified, it does not
touch them.
Mr. CLARK. I submit to my colleague that
it may touch them; it applies now lo those heie-
after appointed. Suppose a young man is ap-
pointed, and he presumes that he is appointed'
legally, but it turns out that he is appointed with-
out authority of law, then my colleague's amend-
ment would take from that cadet his support. He
should deal with the Secretary for doing it, not
with the cadet; the cadet should not be punished
and starved because the Secretary has made a mis-
take, or willfully done a wrong of which the cadet
was not cognizant, and in which he had no pait.
I submit that we should deal with the Secretary y
the poison appointing, the appointing power, and
not with the person appointed.
Mr. CONNESS. We are told that the mode
of appointing cadets is simply a matter of mili-
tary regulation; but the provision of law read by
the Senator from Maryland and the Senator from
New Hampshire is that the cadet, if appointed
under the law, must be a resident of the congres-
sional district of the member who recommends
the appointment. I suppose there is no question
about that. The State of California has not yet
been divided into congressional districts; it elects
its Congressmen by a " general ticket,"as the term
is; and the Congiessmen fiom that State join m
recommendations for the appointment of cadets
from that State. Now, shall we have an amend-
ment ingrafted here that will depiive any of those
boys of the suppoi t piovided by law for others?
Clearly not. I may he replied to by the question,
44 Why does not California comply with the law
and divide its tenitoiy into congressional dis-
tricts5" I cannot answer for that. 1 suppose
they have followed their best judgment, even in
the neglect that is apparent; but we must deal with
the state of facts actually existing. I believe that
very soon, after this month, cadets are to lw ap-
pointed for the next academic year. I ask the
Senator from New Hampshire if that is not the
case.
Mr. HALE. I do not know.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe they are soon to be
selected; and his amendment, affecting those here-
after appointed, would apply to us just about as
severely as if n affected those appointed in the
past, i submit to the Senator, as Ins colleague
has suggested, that if there be any wrong or any
irregularity in the mode of appointment, means be
adopted to correct that irregularity; but do not pro-
pose to deprive a boy who secures an appointment
and to whom this path and highway is opened, of
the support that the Government intends he shall
have and that is provided for him bylaw. It is
