2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Indiana should come here and declare that the
Government is incompetent either to ascertain the
value of this property or to conduct a negotiation
for it on ordinary business principles, and should
recommend that tho Government should with an
iion hand seize the property of these private citi-
zens and convert 'it to public use, paying for it
whatever the Government might see fit. For my
own part, I protest against such a proceeding un-
der such circumstances, or until it shall become
a matter of necessity.
Mr. HOLMAN. "Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to say a word?
Mr. KICK, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRINNELL. I rise to a point of order.
My friend from Indiana has already spoken three
times on this subject, and I, want to limit him to
half an hour. I desire to speak myself.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, in assailing the provision for condem-
nation of lands for tho use of the Government, as-
sails the policy of probably every State in the
Union. He comes in at a very late moment to
assail that policy* after him, and myself, and all
others, permitting that bill to pass through with-
out one dissenting voice. But now, when the
principle touches the State of Massachusetts, the
gentleman is vciy indignant.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, how can I
limit this debate f There must certainly be some
way to limit it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Wo gave the gentleman from
Pennsylvania all the time he wanted.
Mr- STEVENS. Not one twentieth part of
the time the gentleman has occupied.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Rollins, of
New Hampshire, in the chair.) The Chair is
informed that debate is going on by unanimous
consent.
Mr. GRINNELL. I deny that as a matter of
fact. m
Mr. KING. I will resume the floor. I have
yielded first to one gentleman and then to another,
with a desire to elicit the true facts of the case. 1
do riot know enough about the case to undertake
to form an opinion or to pronounce that a fraud
is manifestly intended to be perpetiated on the
Government. Hut there is just such a case pre-
sented lane as to justify me masking the House
whether it is prepared to vote $135,000 for the
purchase of this property. If the Guvornm^t
absolutely needs it, and if the owners will not ac-
cept a fair value for it, it can be seized and a fair
value paid for it. The Government would not
pretend to take it upon their own valuation. If
they do seize private propeity for public pur-
poses they will have to adopt some rule by which
a fair valuation of that property can be arrived at.
For one, 1 am not content to vote for this ap-
propriation with all the facts that have been de-
veloped in the course of this discussion. I do
not desire to detain the House; I simply rose to
call the attention of the House to these tacts; and
I will add that after the testimony winch has been
presented to-day m support of thopropi iety of this
appropriation 1 confess that I do not feel enlight-
ened bv it; .but on the contra* y it has only sei ved
to confirm me in the opinion that the appropria-
tion ought not to be made.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon this amendment of the Senate.
Tho picvious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred
in—ayes 50, noes 38.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion \
Ninth amendment:
Pauo 10, lines one, two, and tlnee, strike out "and for
commencing wd basin at cob-dock sevou hundred and
inneii'en," and mseit m heu thereof "six hundred and
sixty-miteso a*, to make the appreciations lor the Nmv
Yoik uavy-jutd $6U9,;J13.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
Tho amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
i'asj:e 10. lines fifteen and bi.ueen, hirike out " maime
i ail way in west ship-hou^e" in the following clause of tho
bill :
H'.s.-huigioii, District of Columbia:
t'Vi iwien-Jion ot coppot rolling null, manno  ailua\ ut
west ship-house, machinery and tools, storehouse for pro-
visions and cloihmc, dredging channels, repairs of all
kind-*; and rail tiackb in yaida, ^2^0,405.
The Committee of^-Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 10, lines eighteen and nineteen, stiike out " two
hundred and twenty," and insert in lieu thereof<£ one hun-
dred and forty;" so as to make the appropriation m the
above paragraph of the bill $149,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Page 11, after line three, insert:
For machinery and materials for the repair of vessels at
Pensaeola, Ship Island, and New Orleans, $100,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:*
Page 12, after line nine, insert:
Marc Tsland, California:
For completion of hospital, $75,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Page 13, in tho paragraph "for pay of superintendents,
naval constructor.'-, and all the civil establishments of the
several navy-yaids and stations, $125,688; this appropii-
aljon is made upon the basis of no increase of salaiy,"
Muke out the words, " this appropriation is made upon the
basis of no increase of salary," and mseit m lieu theieol,
"and the annual salaiyot the constructing engineer at
Maie Island, California, shall be $3,200 aftei the close of
the pm&eiit tiscal year."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Page 14, strike outlines seven and eight, as follows:
For pay ol cleiks m the ordnance depamnenl at the sev-
eral navy-yard.*, m lieu of the pie^ent per diem pay, viz:
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Page 14, ftiike out tho following:
For *ataiy of one cleik at Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
navy-yaid, .'$1,000.
FoiVaiary <>t one clcrk at $1,200, and one at §1,000 per
annum, at llo^ton navy-yaid, $2,£00.
For salary of one cleik at the Philadelphia navy-yard,
§1.000.
For ^alaiy of chicf cleik at $1,800, one clerk at .$1,000,
and one diaughtsinan at $1,800 per annum, at Washington
navy-yard, $1,600.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Alter line seventeen insert:
Provided, That no money appropriated for the support of
the Naval Academy shall be applied to the support of any
midshipmen heienttw appointed not. in strict conformance
with the pi.)vi«>ion>. of the law for appointing midshipmen
to the Naval Academy.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended eonciurence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Insert:
For constructing a coal wharf at Key Wcbt, Floiida,
$I*>,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Inseit:
For aires mg coal depot to storehouse at Key West, Flor-
ida, £18,000. '
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Insert:
Foi constructing a rashoad (iom naval whaif to the coal
yain^ at Key We^t, Florida. .^10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in
Twenty-first amendment:
Iiwnt:
For pay and mileage of olliceis to the Naval Academv -!
r? • • ' jj
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Strike out "three" and insert "four," so that it will
lead: " For the pay of assistant astronomer, four aids and
clerk, ,$8,500."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Strike out the following words;
And $4,000 thereof shall be divided among three aids aa
their salary.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Insert:
For the purchase and preparation of a site for a cemctery
for the Navy and marine corps near Philadelphia, $15,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Insert after the word " photographer" the words " for the
ordnance department."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Insert:
For the compensation of petty officers, seamen, and oth-
ers of the crew of the United States steamer Monitor, lo«,i
at sea December HO, 186:2, .$3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Moans recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Irwit:
Foi compensation of petty officers, seamen, and otheis
ot the crew ot the United Stales steamer Cairo, lost m the
Yazoo liver, December 12, 1862, $8,250.
The Committee of. Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Hti ike out the following:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enactpd, That for the puipose
of building a floating dry-dock for monitors at the New
Yoik navy-yaid,and al&o at the navy-yaid at Philadelphia,
at a price not exceeding ,$260,000 each, the sum oi $52l>,00<)
be, and the same is hereby, appropnated, to he paid out of
the appropriation o(§750,000 for a floating dry-dock at tiavv-
yaid New Yoik, piovidedfor by Hie acfmaking appropt ia
tiou'i for the naval sei vice of the United States, appi ovod
Match 3, 18G3; and the balance of said appiopinmon be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Add:
Jlnd he it further tnaeteit, That tlieie -jlia!! be three
professors to the number of protessnisol mathematics now
authorized by law, who shall be appointed and commi 
sioned as now piovided by law, who shall be a profe.-Mjr
of ethics and English studies, a professor of ^u.mii-Ii, ami
a professor of drawing at the Naval Academy.
■The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Add:
•and be it further enacted, That the United States Naval
Academy shall return to and shall use the Naval Aeademv
^roumlMii Annapolis, in the Stale of Maryland, beloie the
commencement of the academic year, 1805.
The Committee of Ways arid Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
Mr. DIXON. The Naval Academy has act-
ually been at Annapolis until the breaking out of
this rebellion. It was then thought necessary
by the Secretary of the Navy that it should be
removed. When it is deemed proper, the same
authority can return it to Annapolis. I under-
stand that the Secietary of War* declines to sur-
render the buildings, which arc now used as a
military station. It may he as import.intiu 1865
as it is to-day, and however impoilant it maybe
to the War Depaitment, if we pass this law and
do not repeal it the next session, the Naval Acad-
emy must occupy the property which is there.
It seems to nie that if it is necessary or punier n't
any time that this act should pass, us passage
should he postponed until a fiituin time, and until
