3038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J line 17,
aaohusetts to allow me a moment to reply to the
argument which has just been made by the Senator
from Ohio, and which has been used on this floor
a number of times during the session. It is said
that large profits have been made by manufac-
turers. Those profits have been made by the rise
in material. Tne value of the material has been
constantly rising. Cotton hasgone upfrom20 cents
to $13.0. Every thinghas doubled. Prom the time
the manufacturer takes in his raw material until
he turns out his manufactured producteverything
rises. In many cases if he had kept the raw ma-
terial without manufacturing it he would hav^
made just as much as h.emaaeby turning outthe
manufactured article. It will not do to take profits
made under this exceptional state of things as a
rule that may be expected in future.
Mr. FOSTER. Some ot the very greatest
profits mads by manufacturers, to my knowledge,
have been made by those who had a large stock
of cotton on hand, and who shut their mills and
kept their cotton until it rose to the maximum,
and then sold it without turning a spindle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment is about
woolen manufactures, not about cotton.
Mr. ANTHONY. Woolens have risen to
pretty much the same extent.
Mr. SUMNER. There is an answer that I
wish to make to the Senatorfrom Ohio. He asks
me if the gentleman whose letter I have read did
not within the last year make large profits. I do
not know whether he made large or small profits.
But suppose he did make large profits, is that any
reason why we should compel him to carry on a
losing business hereafter, or impose a tax which
would make his business a losing one? The ques-
tion is precisely that, whether the tax wo are
going lo impose will not make his business a
losing one. To that it is said that with a smaller
tax we shall have large importations which will
give a very large income. I am not insensible to
that argument at this moment. At this crisis,
with me it is next to controlling; but 1 take it
we have gone on tho idea with this bill from the
beginning of harmonizing the interests of the Gov-
ernment with the interests of individuals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me tell the Senator
that here in the first place is a specific duty of 24
cents a pound, which offsets the duty on the wool,
taking four pounds of the dirty wool at C cents
per pound. The additional burden on the do-
mestic manufacturer of which he speaks is 2 per
cent. It was 3 per cent, before, it is now 5 per
cent. To countervail that wo give him an addi-
tion of 10 per cent, to the ad valorem duty before
imposed.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is whether you
have given him enough.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Our opinion is that we
have given quite enough.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would ask us to put a duty of 45 percent,
on woolen goods with a view to gain more reve-
nue and more money to the Government, I should
have some respect for his opinion, and some re-
spect for the writer of tho letter which he lias read;
but when he bases it upon the ground that a higher
rate of duty is necessary to protect the manufac-
turer, I have no respect for the reasons of the
writer. The present duty on woolen goods is
30 per cent, ad valorem, and on wool there is very
little duty. We have now levied a duty on wool
of the ordinary qualities used for manufactuung
of 6 centsa pound, which is equivalent to 2-1 cents
a pound on the wool scoured and ready for use.
We have therefore put a specific duty on woolun
cloth of'24 cents a pound, so that the duty on wool
is otfsct by the specific duty of 24 cents a pound.
Then wo have increased the ad valorem duty 10
per cent., or one third, from 30 to 40 per cent. We
nave raised the tax on the domestic manufacture
2 per cent. The writer of this letter who has been
paying 3 percent, on manufactures will now have
to pay 5 per cent, in paper money. "We give him
a protection of lOper cent, in gold. If that is not
enough to satisfy a reasonable demand for pro-
tection, I do not know what is.
The purpose of the committee—and it is the
reason why I have voted for all these large da-
ties—is simply to get money without regard to
protection. All domestic industry in a time of
war is protected by the state of war. I do not
think any article needs protection now. In vot-
.ing for these high rates of duty, 1 am nciutitud
simply by the desire to get money into the Treas-
ury. In the Committee on Finance I have not
objected to any increase of the rates where that
increase was made with a view to revenue. If I
believed that 45 per cent, on woolen goods would
yield uS more revenue than the rate proposed by
the committee, I should have no objection what-
ever to it; but when it is put upon the narrow
ground of protection, when a manufacturer be-
cause of 10 per cent, additional tax put upon him,
and because of a little increase he has to pay on
his dye-stuffs, demands an additional tax of 15
per cent, in gold on the imported article, I think
it is asking rather too much.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it that we are all anx-
ious to have what Genera! Jackson called a ju-
dicious tariff, and that no one proposes directly
protection; and I agree entirely with the Senator
from Ohio that at this period of war the exigen-
cies of the times furnish naturally an adequate pro-
tection. All that I presumed to suggest was that
we should keep both interests in mind—the inter-
ests of our own Treasury and the interests of our
fellow-citizens, in this case'the manufacturers.
Now if it were clear that by a tax of 40 per cent,
we could get a much larger revenue without sac-
rificing the interests of the manufacturers, I
clearly should be for that. With the conviction
that 1 have, it seems to me that we should try to
harmonize both, and the practical question with
me is whether with your tax at 40 per cent, you
do harmonize both.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of tho committee to strike
out" 35" and insert " 40."
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting " 45" for " 40."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the section by
inserting after the word " worsted,"in line thirty-
nine, the words " the hair of the alpaca, the goat,
ur other like animal;" so as to make the proviso
read:
Provided, That qoods of like description, composed of
worsted, the hall' o: the alpaca, 1lie goat, or other like ani-
mal, and weighing over ei^ht ounces to the square yard,
shall be subject to pay the wane dutiea and rates of duty
heiein provided for woolen cloths.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am not familiar enough with
the terms employed by the Senator to know
whether the words he uses are better than those
which I had prepared to be put m this place. I
had proposed to move to insert " mohair or goat's
hair" after the word " worsted."
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the Senator that
I have followed the words on page 15 in the fourth
section.
Mr. SUMNER. One of our appraisers called
my attention to this clause, and proposed the
amendment I now mention.
Mr. CLARK. Mine includes it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, lines
fifty-eight and fifty-nine, to strike out the words
" for carpets" after " yarn;" so as to make the
clause read: " On woolen and worsted yarn valued
at less than 50 cents per pound, and not exceed-
ing in fineness No. 14, 16 cents per pound, and in
in aduiiion thereto 25 percent, atl valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, lines
seventy-eight and seventy-nine, to strike out " till
manufactures not otherwise provided for, and
ladies'," and in lieu thereof to insert " women's
and children's;" in line eighty to strike out
" wool" before " worsted," and after "mohair"
to insert "alpaca;" in line eighty-one to strike
out " 40" and insert " 30;" and m line eighty-four
to strike out "40" and insert "30;" so as to
make the clause read:
On women's and childien's dress goods, composed wholly
or in p<m of worsted, mohair, alprtea, or goats' hair, gray
oruneoloreii, not exceeding in value the sum of 30 cents
per square yaid, 4 ceuw per square yaid, and in addition
thereto £5 pci cent, ad valorem ; exceeding in value 30 cents
per squme \ard, G cents per f-quare yard, and m addition
thereto 30 per cent, ad valotcm.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken on
that amendment I wish to call the attention of the
committee to the eighty-second line, where it is
provided that ihe tax bhall be 4 cents per squaie
yard. I have in my hands a communication from
one of the appraisers at Boston, in which he says
that it will be necessary to provide for manufac-
tures of mohair, or goats' hair, which cannot be
estimated at the square yard, which the committee
have entirely forgotten to do.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not? Does he give
any reason ?
Mr. SUMNER. He does not give any reason,
but he is one of the appraisers, and he is therefore
an expert. I wish merely to call attention to it,
and leave the committee to determine it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was m section five, line
eighty-seven, to strike out the word "similar"
and insert "the last-mentioned;" in line eighty-
nine to strike out "40" and insert " 30," and to
strikeout "3" and insert "4;" and in line ninety-
one to strike out "40" and insert " 30;'' so as to
make the clause read:
On alt goods of the last-mentioned description, if stained,
colored, or printed, not exceeding in value the sum of 30
cents per square yard, 4 cents per square yard, and 30 per
cent, ad valorem; exceeding in value 30 cents per squaro
yard, 6 cents per square yaid, and in addition theieto 35
per cent, ad valoiem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next fourlines,lines
ninety-four, ninety-five, ninety-six, and ninety-
seven, should be stricken out. I move to strike
them out.
Mr. GRIMES. Why?
Mr. CLARK. The matter is provided for in
a previous clause of the section.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
On all manufactures of wool, or of which wool shall be
a component material, not nihei wi&e provided for, 90 cents
pci pound, and in addition thereto 35 per cent, ailvaloiem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in line one hundred of section five, to
strike out " 40" and insert " 55;" so as to make
the clause read:
On banting and on all other manufactures of \vor>tcd. or
of winch worsted shall be a component material, not other-
wise piovided lor. 55 pen cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee hud a
good deal of doubt about that matter, arid i am
satisfied myself that 55 per cent, is more than is
necessary. I move to amend the amendment by
making the duty 50 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amend ment was agreed to.
The amendment, ad amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make a suggestion
in regard to the clause just voted upon. Is there
not some incongruity between it and the provision
on the 18th page, and is it not necessary that there
should be some provision here for the kindred
article of mohair orgoats'hair? My correspond-
ent, the appraiser of Boston, suggests the intro-
duction of those words here.
Mr. CLARK. The committee have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. SU^VINER. Then I propose after the
word " worsted," in the ninety-eighth line, to in-
sert u mohair, alpaca, or goats' hair," and to '
sort the same words after " worsted'5 in the ninety-
nin^h line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, after
line one hundred, to insert the following clause:
On lasting, mohair cloth, silk, twis-t, or olhfu manuf-«c-
\ ture of cloth, woven or made irt patterns of sucn mzp,
shape, and form, or cu in fcuch manner as to be fit for
soocj, suppers, boot^, bootee^, eaitcr<, and buttons, oxcltt-
sivejy, not combined witn India rubbti,10 per cent, ad
valoreri.
Mr.SUMNER. I do not understand the rea-
son for that clause; and indeed I am told by those
who are familiar with the subject that there is no
reason for it. It will bo perceived that it proposes
a tax of 10 per cent, ad valorem on certain enu-
merated articles, "on lastings, mohair cloth, silk,
twist, or other munufacture of cloth, woven oi
made in patterns of such size, shape, and form,
or cut in such manner as to be fit for shoes, slip-
peis, booty, bootees, gaiters, nr.d buttons, exclu-
sively, not combined with India rubber." Now,
the question is, why those articles when wuvea
or made iiuo patterns of size and form for iho:* 
articles should pay a less tax than they oth-iws.v
; would pay ? They are to pay only 10 per in nl
! If they did not come, in lor this puipobe they
