18G4.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
108?
neither generous nor just to undertake to correct
mistakes and errors in the administrative depart-
ment of the Government by takingaway the neces-
sary support from these cadets.
Mr. HALE. All these things are exceedingly
unfortunate. This same course was adopted by
the Navy Department early in the history of the
rebellion; but this is the first year that the War
Department has entered upon it. I called the at-
tention of the Senate to it last year, so far as the
Navy Department was concerned. An answer
was made by the Secretary of the Navy, which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and the committee reported to the Senate that the
appointments were illegal. The Senate adopt-
ed that resolution unanimously, and sent a copy
of it to the Secretary of the Navy, and, I think,
to the President also. There was a clear law and
a unanimous construction of the Senate upon it;
hut what was the result'1 The Secretary of the
Navy went on and did the same thing right over
again,as if there had been no action and no opin-
ion expressed upon it.
My colleague suggests that we should deal with
the Secretary. I do not know ahy rule of action
on such subjects but to deal with violations of
law when wo meet them, let them be practiced by
whom they may. God knows I have no hostil-
ity to any of those young men, arid therefore L
have modified the amendment so that the provis-
ion which it contains shall ho the rule only as to
appointments hereafter made. What is this
amendment? Simply and solely that you will
not support at your Military Academy boys who
have no right there by law; not that you will not
support those who are there now without law, but
that in the future you will not suppou boys at
that Academy who may not be theie in aceoid-
ance with the provisions of the law. That is all.
Mr. JOHNSON. The law is by no means as
clear as the honorable member from Now Hamp-
shire supposes it, or as the Senate must have
thought when they adopted the i csolution recom-
mended by the Committee on Naval Affaus at
the last session. I understand the Senator to say
that at the last session the Committee on Naval
Affairs recommended, and the {Senate adopted, a
resolution saying that the Navy Department had
no right to appoint for the States which are in a
condition of vcb< 11 ion, I think that i.s a mistake;
but before 1 refer to that I have a word or two to
say in relation to the two questions which 1 suppose
are involved in the proposition before the Senate.
Tlie honorable member proposes that no amount
of this appropriation shall be applied to the pay-
ment of salaries or other expenses of any cadets
who huvenotbeenpioperly selected and appointed,
and he concludes that certain cadets have been
improperly selected and appointed because the
States that aie in a state of rebellion an: not to be
represented in the Naval or Military Academy.
Now, looking at the practical result, if that is so
the School will not be full until the rebellion is
terminated. Theie are some eight or ten or twelve
States now in that condition, and if there is no
power in the Department to supply the number
ofcadets that would be forthcoming nnderthe law
if those States were still m tNj Union and ac-
knowledged the authonty of .he Government,
then the School will be short just that number of
pupils. That is certainly to be avoided. The
only difficulty that I see is not that the Secte-
tary has not the authority to appoint, hut be-
cause of the piovision which interferes with the
practical exercise of the legal authority to ap-
point, by requiring the cadet appointed to be, at
the time of his appointment, an actual resident of
the congressional district, in my view, jf the
Secretary of War or the President can get pupils
from those States, residents ot those States at the
time of their appointment, they have the author-
ity to appoint thorn.
The honorable member supposes that the same
abuse of pov.er, or rather misapprehension of
authority, exists in the Navy Department that he
.supposes to exist in the War Department upon
tins subject. 1 think, with all respect to his judg-
ment and the judgment of his committee, that in
that he is mistaken; and that is not an opinion
now for the fust time expressed, but when my
attention was called to this subject, just at the
close of the last session of Congress, I came to
the conclusion which I am about to state as far
as tiie Navy D^paitment is concerned.
The honorable member from Vermont [Mr.
Foot] is right in saying that there is no provis-
ion by statute law for the mode in which these
cadets are to be selected. That is a subject of
departmental regulation. The only provision of
law in relation to the appointment of cadets at
the Military Academy is that when they are se-
lected they shall be residents of the district from
which they are appointed. The law of July 16,
1862, which provides for the selection of mid-
shipmen at the Naval School has a very different
provision. The eleventh section of that act pro-
vides " that the students ht the Naval Academy
shall be styled midshipmen;" and th.en it goes on
to state what their age must be, and what kind
of examination they are to be subjected to; and
then it says:
" Tin; President shall select the two from the District of
Columbia and the ten at Jaige, and the President shall also
be allowed three yearly appointments, who shall not he
over eighteen years- ol age, who shall be selected fiom boys
enlisted in the Navy, and who have been at least one year
in the service." * * * '• From ami after
the fnh of Match, 1863, the nomination of candidates for
admission into the Naval Academy shall be made between
the 5th ofMiuch and the 1st of July of each year, upon the
recommendation ol the. member or delegate, fioni actual res-
idents of his district, and they shall be examined for ad-
mission in July."
That provision is very clear. Supposing that
the States were all in, the peison selected is to be
selected from the district, and the selection is to
be made upon the recommendation of the member
or delegate from that district. Rut the proviso
says:
" Provvletl, That when any candidate who has been so
nominated s>hall upon examination be found phj.-dcnlly or
menially disqualified for admission, the incnduir <>i delegate
from \vho*>e di-tnct he was m> nominated s lrall be-notified
to leeommetid another candidate, who bliall be examined
in September lollowing."
Now comes u provision which, as I think,bears
on (he question:
li Ami it shall be the duty uf the Pccictary of the Navy,
as soon atler the .")(!> of M;t ch as possible, to notify, in
wuting, each meinhei and delegate of any vacancy that may
exist m his district; and it '■aid member ordeiegatenoglects
to recommend a candidate bv the l.-t of July in that year,
then it .-hail be the duly ofthe Secietaiy of the Navy to fill
the vacancy.*'
I think the Senate will agree with me in opin-
ion that it was the purpose of this law that the
School should be kept full, and the only question
is whether it is to be kept full now when some of
the States are in rebellion. If they were not in
that condition, and the members fiom the various
congressional districts into which these several
States are divided, upon being notified of a va-
cancy, made no selection or nomination, then it
is clear that the Secretary of the Navy would
have had the authority, in the words of the law
it would (hen have been hisduty himself to make
the appointments. Now, the only question, as I
think, which the law presents, is whether in the
case of the Naval School as well as in the case uf
the West Point Academy it is necessary that the
boy selected should be at the time of the selection
a resident of the district whence the selection is
to be made by the Secretary of the Navy. The
object being to keep the School full, if from any
cause he is unable to make a selection from the
State or congressional district which is entitled to
the selection, my impression is, and the general
purpose of the law is very clear, that he has the
authoiity to make the selection from any part of
the country that he thnik^ propei. Itnevercould
have been the purpose of Congress that this School
should fail m the great object of having it always
full L<y one or moi e States going out of the Union
in a state of insurrection. We are just as much
lnteieMed now m having the School full, as we
were interested in having it full before the rebel-
lion broke out; and the only way to keep it full
h to consider the authority ol the Secretary
(which ail will admit is an authority which comes
into existence, if there is no rebellion, upon the
contingency of the member or the delegate de-
clining to nominate) to make the nomination. Is
that power of nomination, given to him for the
purpose of keeping the School in a condition in
which the countiy requires itto be, to bedeleated
by these States going out, and by going out ren-
dering it impossible for the Secretary to make a
selection from tiie States that thus go out?
A general tulc of construction is, particularly
in reference to a remedial statute, that you look
to the greatend to be attained by the statute; and
if you can accomplish that end without doing vio-
lence to some provision which respects the policy
of the statute yon pass by any particular regula-
tion for the purpose of attaining the general ob-
ject. I have therefore thought that alt that it was
incumbent on the Secretary of the Navy "to do
was, in the event of there being vacancies in any
of the congressional districts of the States that
arc out of the Union, to give notice, if be could
give notice, and upon their failing to nominate, to
appoint, himself, and that if he could not give no-
tice because the States have put themselves in a
condition in which it is impossible for him to give
notice, then he might make the appointments just
as legally as if he had given the notice and the
members had refused to make the appointments.
I think, therefore, with due deference to the hon-
oiable member, and a majority of the committee,
or all of them, if they all concurred in that view
of the statute, that there is now in the Secretary
of the Navy power to make selections of all the
students who would have been selected according
to the very forms of the law if the several States
that are now unfortunately out were still in.
Mr. HALE. The rule of construction"which
the Senator from Maryland applies to this statute
would make our whole legislation mere blank pa-
per, and give unlimited discretion to the heads of
Departmentsand to the Presidenttodojustexactly
what to them seems good. The law is exceed-
ingly explicit, and it isa mistake, and an assump-
tion not warranted by the fact, that it was the inten-
tion of Congress that the School should always be
kept full. The history of Congress shows that
that was not the intention of Congress; it was the
other way, because the proposition to give the
Secretary this power was made in Congress and
was voted down. Congress refused to give to the
Secretary the very power that he has assumed.
Now, to save time, I will read the resolution
that was reported unanimously by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs and passed unanimously in
the Senate at the last session. It was this*
" Rcsohetl, That in the opinion ofthe. Senate the num-
ber of midshipmen that may be legally appointed at the
Naval Academy is two for eveiv member and delegate of
the Motive of Repiescntaiivep, two foi the D^uiet of Co-
lumbia, and ten at latge, and three boys enlisted in the
Navy, and that the ten allowed by the eighth section of the
act |'ux>ed July 4, 18G2, entitled ; An act making appro-
priations for the na\ dl s>ervu e for the year ending June 30,
1803, and for other purpurea,' is merely desciiptive of the
qualifications and condition of those whom the President
may appoint at large, and that any other appointments,
under whatever coloi of law or necessity they h.ive been
made, aie not authorized by law."
That was the unanimous and recorded opinion
of the Senate on this subject, and it is a little
singular that Congress should be so particular to
go on and point out the provisions under which
these boys should be appointed, the qualifications
that they should possess, and the residence they
should have, if at the same time it meant to leave
the Secretary unlimited discretion to appoint fifty
or one hundied from just exactly where he chose
to take them.
Mr. President, it is one of the alarming features
of our times,and it is growing, to disregard clear
and plain provisions of law; and because, in the
emergency in which we found ourselves a few
years ago, we were disposed generously to con-
strue the powers of the President and the Secre-
taries, and when Congress came together and saw
the necessity it sanctioned what had been done,
they have taken coinage from that, and go on
and act in direct contravention of law where there
is no such necessity. If such a necessity exists
as the Senator from Maryland says, who has the
power to apply the remedy? Is it the Secretary
of the Navy, or the Secietary of War, or Con-
gress? In God's name, what do we sit here for
if it is not to judge of the emergencies and seces-
sities of the country, and pass laws to meet them ?
According to the construction of the Senator from
Maryland, we might as well adjourn without day
and go home to-morrow as to sit here if the Sec-
retaries can look at the emergencies and exigen-
cies of the times, and judge what is required and
what is expedient and what is proper, and then
go on and do it not only without law but against
law.
I have of course no wish here except that the
law shall be enforced and carried out; if it wants
amendment amend it; but I confess 1 am not one
of those who think that all the wisdom, and all
the valor, and all the courage of the country are
born or educated at West Point—very far from
