1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
the necessity and propriety is apparent that this
property can be usee! by the Naval Academy to
the advantage of the Academy and of the country.
As I Raid'"before, there is no necessity of pass-
ing this law, fur the reason that the power and
authority already exist in the Department to re-
move the Academy if they see fit.
Mr. STEVENS. This Academy was removed
to Newport from necessity, and that necessity has
ceased to exist. There is no reason, therefore,
that we know of, why the Academy should not
be returned to Annapolis. A year is given before
it is to be done, and if before that time circum-
stances should be altered, this law can be lepealed.
But there are various reasons connected with
the discipline of the School why it should not be
at Newport. Newport is a large and fashionable
place, subject, of couise, to aH the vices which
always attend upon large cities. It is no place
to send young men for education of any kind. 1
do not speak this of Newpoit more than of any
other large place. 1 believe it is always better
to have seminal ies of learning in small villages,
where thure are but few temptations to vice. At
Annapolis there are but very few people. It is a
small village,and just about the rightsize forany
institution. It is lit a healthy climate, it is al-
ways open to the sea, and the frosts never inter-
fere with the navigation. Last year I voted against
this same proposition because I thought Mary-
land was not yet redeemed, and I was unwilling
to vote to return the Academy there until she was
redeemed. But I am glad to believe that that
time has now airived, and I am ready now to
vole for the removal.
I learn that the expenses to be saved will be
between seventy-five ami one hundred thousand
dollars; and I also learn that it is the desire of
the faculty, and professors of that institution that
it should be returned to Annapolis.
Mr. DIXON. In what way is that money to
be saved ?
Mr. STEVENS. It is so stated by those who
have examined the matter; but I have not in-
quired into it.
Mr. DIXON. The Naval Academy has been
very largely increased in numbers since its re-
moval to Newport. The accommodations at New-
port were supposed to be temporary, and the
accommodations at Annapolis were not entirely
equal to the numbers there previous to its re-
moval.
Mr. CRBSWELL. 1 will say to the gentle-
man that the accommodations there were ample.
' Mr. STEVENS. I desire*to know how much
rent the Government is now paying at Newport?
Mr. DIXON. 1 do not know.
Mr. STEVENS. There is a large item of sav-
ing in that.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Last amendment:
Amend tlie fitte by adding thereto tlic words " and for
other puiposos."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the sev-'
eral votes by which the Senate amendments were
concurred ii>; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. COLE, of California, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the select committee on
the Pacific railroad a bill (H. R. No. 191) to au-
thorize and aid m the construction of a railroad
conncctmg the Pacific railroad in California with
the Columbia river inOiegun; which was recom-
mitted, and oideied to be punted.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, their
Secretary, informed the House that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments proposed by the House
to the original text of the bill (H. R. No. 198) mak-
ing appropriations for the Army for the year end-
ing June 30,1805; that the Senate insist upon its
ninth amendment, disagreed to by the House;
and that the Senate disagree to the amendments
of the House to the seventh and eighth amend-
ments of the Senate to said bill; and ask a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on said bill; and have appointed Messrs. Fessen-
den, Wilson, and Henderson such committee
upon the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate agree to the amendments
of the House to the bill (S. No. 1G0) granting
lands to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in the State of Wisconsin.
Also, that the Senate have passed a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. G9) for the payment of volun-
teers called out for not less than one hundred days.
THE REBELLIOUS STATES.
The SPEAKER. The next business is the
consideration of the bill in relation to the rebel-
lious States, upon which the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Perham] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Speaker, when I toolt
my seat as a member of this Congress I was im-
pressed with a sense of the responsibilities which
attach to the position, and the magnitude of the
questions which were to claim our attention. We
are in the midst of a gigantic war, such as the
world has never before seen. Our democratic
form of Government has suddenly and violently
been put to the severest test. The opponents of
our system of Government have been compelled,
in view of our unparalleled prosperity, to admit
its superiority in time of peace; but they have
told us, tauntingly, that whenever internal com-
motion should arise we should find our form of
government inadequate to withstand the shock,
and should go down beneath the bloody surges of
battle, as other republics have gone before. The
time foretold is now upon us. The shock has
come with terrible force. The world holds its
breath and awaits the issue. Crowned heads and
the devotees of despotism are exulting in the hope
of our downfall; while the down-trodden, the op-
pressed, and the liberty-loving masses of all lands
are continually offering prayers for our success.
It is a struggle between freedom and despotism,
not only for us, but for the world. Never, per-
haps, were such weighty issues committed to the
arbitrament of the sword. In this view of the
struggle in which we are engaged our action be-
comes important. All our efforts should be di-
rected to the success of our mutual cause—the
suppi^ssion of the rebellion and the salvation of
our common country. With these views, and in
this spirit, I have thus far contented myself in
being a quiet worker with my associates. And
now, did I not feel that the course pursued by the
members on the other side of this Hall is calcu-
lated to undermine the people's confidence in the
Government, create discord among those who
should be agreed, dishearten our friends, encour-
age our enemies, and prolong the war, my voice
would not be heard to-day.
Gentlemen on the other side have indulged in
the most extravagant declarations as to what they
would do if the people could be induced to give
back to them the administration of the Govern-
ment. In the face of the fact that they continued
in power till seven States had defied the authority
of the Government and the war fully inaugurated,
they have the hardihood to tell us if their coun-
sels had prevailed the rebellion would not have
occurred. They persist in characterizing this
as " Lincoln's war," " Black Republican war,"
" abolition war,"" war for the niggers," a " hell-
ish crusade" carried on in " violation of the Con-
stitution,"&c.,&c. They evidently hope by con-
tinually ringing the changes on these terms into
the ears of the people to conceal the real facts in
the case and divert the attention of the country
from the record which the history of the last four
years has made for them.
I have been compelled to listen to these charges
for five months on this floor, and from other Dem-
ocratic sources ever since the commencement of
the war. 1 therefore deem it my duty to deny
the allegations and repel the slander, and, so far
as I may be able in the time allotted me, appeal to
the facts in the case to sustain my position and
place the responsibility of the war and its contin-
uation where it belongs.
To show the success which attended the last
effort of the Democratic party to conciliate their
southern brethren and their adaptation to that
kind of work, 1 propose to refer to a piece of his-
tory that is familiar to all, especially to gentle-
men over the way. On the 3d day ot May, 186U,
the party known as the National Democratic
party met at Charleston, South Carolina, toi the
purpose of adopting a platform of principles and
nominating candidates for President and Vice
I'icsident to be supported by the party m. the
election then approaching., T{> tjtiis convention pq
"northern faoatic"'was invited. There wa^ eij.
Wendell Phillips, no .Clieever, na Beecbec,' no
Garrison, no Greeley, and nota single.blacji Re-
publican to interrupt this free, flow of brotherly
loveand the exercise of " concession," " compro-
mise," and "peace." In-short, there were no
abolitionists to " molest or make them afraid;"
Being free from all these fanatical elements,which
they say have produced .the ,war,,'it.wbuW be rea-
sonable to suppose that the men who np'w
such devoted disciples of.peace might have,Kept
peace in their own brotherhood. But not so. The
southern members determined to obtain'more ex.-.
plicitacknowledgm'ent as to the'righisioE their pe-
culiar institution in the Territories. The'north--
em delegates objected. They had .made a good
run with Buchanan on the Cincinnati platfor^.
four years before, by giving it'one construction
in the South and another in the North; and they
were assured that with the same platform the
same thing could be successfully played again..
They (the'northern delegates) proposed to .leave
the whole question of slavery in the Territories
to the decision of the Supreme .Court. -By .this
they hoped to keep that exciting question put of
the canvags and prolong Democratic rule another
four years. To this proposition the southern
members objected. Mr. Glenn, a member of the
convention from Mississippi, said:
" Sir, at Cincinnati we adopted a platform on.whlch we
nil agreed. Now, answer, ye men ot' the Noi'tli, of the
East, of the South, and of the West, what was the con-
struction placed upon that platform in the different sections
of the Union? You at tlie West said it meant one tiling,
we at the South said it meant, another.Either we were
right or you were right; we were wiong or you were
wiong. Wo conic iiere to ask you which was.right and
which wa* wrong."
Mr. Milton, of Florida, accused the northerh
Democrats of having " hardened their hearts and
stiffened their necks against the South." Mr.
Yancey, of Alabama, matle a very sensible re-
mark, when he said in the convention, "You
gave up the real ground of battle, the key-note
to success, when you acknowledged that slavery
was wrong." "Youare now," he says, "in no
condition to defend it." ■ After quarreling in the
convention for ten long days, with no result but
the secession of a large portion of* the southern
members, they adjourned. And after six weeks
spent in consultation and in earnest effort to re-
store harmony, they came together at Baltimore
agreeably to adjournment, only to renew the old
family quarrel. And at the end of six days,
spentin alternately "compromising," "conced-
ing,"and quarreling, they divided, and two Dem-
ocratic presidential tickets were put in nomina-
tion. If the northern delegates had been willing
to yield a tithe of what they have since demanded
of Congress and the Administration the southern
delegates would have been satisfied. But they
would not. It is said the South has been driven
out of the Union by the friends of the Adminis-
tration. By the same process ot reasoning I might
say to the opponentsof the Administration, You
drove them out of your convention. They se-
ceded from ,the convention because you would
not yield to their demands. They seceded from
the Union because a majority of the people had
voted against their demands. You drove them,
nearly all, out of the Charleston convention, and
when new delegates were elected,and every south-
ern State except South Carolina knocked_ at the
doors of the Baltimore convention for admission,
and assured you that if you refused them they
would dissolve the Union, you drove them away
also. It is not for me to say that your action
was wrong. I am only applying to you the same
rule you apply to us. This was before the man-
hood of your party was entirely ground out, as
evinced in a brief speech made in the Baltimore
convention by Mr. Church, of New York. Mr.
Church said:
" One question after another has been piesented to us,
and we have been asked to yield tins pointand that point,
and we have never failed to respond whenever we have
he^n asked, uniil we sue required to yield up eveiythwg
winch distinguishes oui manhood—nay, more, everything
which <U>tin^m>hes the manhood of two hundred thousand
Democrats behind us."
These words wore well spoken, and contained
what you aliknow io be truth, but they were.tlie
last expiring sounds of Democratic "manhood."
I recognize on the rolls of the convention the
mimes of some of the members of this House.
