1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that be may go out and prepare himself for trial?"
Mr. Stanton said he saw no sort of objection to
that course; he would consult with the Judge
Advocate General, and if there was no exception
to it it should be done; and it was done. I then
left town. By the way, I should say that it was
done in this way: the prisoner was relieved from
the Old Capitoi prison and sent to New York,
and ordered to confine himself to New York, and
report to the provost marshal, I think once in
forty-eight hours.
After I returned home, I received one or two
communications, either direct or indirect—I do
not remember which now—from Mr. Hunt, that
he wanted to see me in New York. I went to
New York to see him. I had a conversation with
him, and I told him what his friends had done, the
retainer they had given me in his case, with which
he expressed himself perfectly satisfied, and said
that he wanted, by all means, that 1 should stick
by him to the end. I said to him: " Mr. Hunt,
if that is what you want, we had better have a
perfectly fair understanding about it, and settle
this thing now instead of hereafter. 1 will hold
myself ready during the summer and autumn"—
for I had no idea at the time that it would go be-
yond that—" to attend this trial, for which you
must pay me $1,000 additional, and if the trial
does not extend beyewad ten days, that shall Be a
full satisfaction of all (Maims that I have upon you
for it." He said he was perfectly satisfied with
that arrangement, but he had not the money in his
pocket, but would send me a draftsoon. He sent
me a draft for $1,000, and I sent back a receipt
stating what the money was for, how it was to be
applied, and how far it was to go; and that is all
the connection that I had with him. I had several
applications through some of his friends to know
when the trial would come on. I told them that
I could not tell; that I had done in the case all 1
could to bring it to trial; that when I saw Mr. Stan-
ton I asked him repeatedly when the trial would
come on,and he uniformly gave me the same an-
swer, that it wouldcomeonassoon ashecould get
it ready.
These, sir, are the facts and all the facts there
are in the case, that I am aware of. If this be
bribery, or if it be anything inconsistent with
what is due to my character as a man and a Sen-
ator, I will say this: it was not done inadvert-
ently; I never did anything more deliberately in
my life; never did anything more cautiously.
Before I close, I ask the honorable Senator from
Maiyland, who is now present, if his own recol-
lection of what occurrcd between himself and me
is as I have stated it, to be so kind as to give that
information to the Senate. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That tlio Committee on tlx* Jtidiciarj be in-
f-tructed to inquire whcthei John P. :i member of
this body, in connection with the ca^cof one Hunt,charged
with crime by dnectiou of the War Department, bus been
guilty ot any conduct inconsistent v\ ifh !im duties sis a Sen-
ator; and that they have power to bend lor per&ony and pa-
pery.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if the hon-
oiable member from New Hampshire lind not re-
quested me to confirm what he has stated, 1 should
have deemed it unnecessary. His own word to
this body, in any matters of fact of which hemust
have personal knowledge, would, I am sure, be
sufficient to place him right before his brother
Senators. But as he has called upon me, and the
charge as against him, or which he supposes to
be referable to him, has been made public, it is
proper that 1 should answer his request.
I recollect veiy distinctly Ins calling upon me,
as he states, at my own residence in this city and
putting to me the question precisely as he has
stated it. 1 did, perhaps, in words, certainly in
manner,give him icason to believe, that I thought
he was not as well acquainted with the rights and
the obligations of his profession as he should be.
The question which he piopounded to me was,
whether his situation as a Senator of the United
States excluded him from the right of appearing
as counsel before a military court, either a court-
martial or a military commission, which, as 1
understood him, was about to be convened for the
purpose of trying a person, who had applied to
him, for an alleged fiaud upon the Government.
I at once told him that 1 could not imagine any
legal impediment m his way, and 1 was just as
much at a loss to conceive how there could he
any indelicacy in it. 1 may be wrong, Mr. Presi-
dent, but if I am wrong it by no means follows
that the Senator from New Hampshire has acted
wrong in his own opinion. He evidently trusted
to mine, which confirmed his original impression,
and what he did afterwards I have no doubt was
done in part upon the opinion which 1 gave him.
But it is due to myself to add a word or two for
the purpose of showing why it is that the opinion
I gave him is in my judgment a correct one.
The Senators of the United States, by virtue
of their office, such of them as are physicians and
lawyers, do not cease to be physicians and law-
yers; and if they are called upon, after they be-
come Senators of the United States, to exercise
their profession, whether it be medical or legal, I
sec no-possible objection to their complying with
the request, unless—and that is an exception not
included in the Senator's statement to me—unless
they could not do so without neglecting their pub-
lic duties. 1 did tell him, and 1 repeat with per-
fect confidence, that I had arightto do what 1 have
done and what 1 shall continue to do until I am
better advised: that is, from time to time as I was
called upon by parties who were charged with of-
fenses to be tried before a military court, I have
never hesitated to give them the benefitof my ad-
vice, and of my services; and 1 have done it, as I
know is common to the profession in all such
cases where, in justice to themselves it can be
done, in a majority of cases withoutany compen-
sation at all, the parties not being able, as they
stated and as I believed, to pay any compensation.
The only question, therefore, that could pos-
sibly arise, as I think, there being no difficulty
growing out of the relation in which the Senators
stand to the Government, is whether there is any
legislation to pioliibitit. I know of no legisla-
tion before the act, I think, of 1853; I am notsure
that 1 am right as to the date of the act. That act
was passed for the purpose of prohibiting mem-
bers of Congress, whether Senators or members
of the other House, from prosecuting any claim
upon the Government, either for a compensation
agreed upon in advance, or,if there was no com-
pensation agreed upon or paid before, and the
claim should be liquidated by the Government,
from receiving any gratuity thereafter. The same
law which contains that prohibition, a prohibition
as I think right in itself, as far as that particular
act is concerned—I speak from recollection, but
I cannot be mistaken—excepts cases depending
before the courts, and leaves to members who may
be counselors the right to go into any of the courts
of the United States for the purpose of prosecu-
ting any pecuniary demand. Although that ex-
ception does not include cases of a criminal na-
ture, still cases of a criminal nature are cases in
which counsel may be employed, because cases
of that description are not placed within the pro-
hibition contained in the other part of the law to
which I have alluded.
Now, if it be, notwithstanding that law, or
rather, to speak more correctly, if by virtue of the
ex press authority given by that law by the excep-
tion which takes cases before the courts out of the
operation of the prohibitory clause, the prohibition
on the part of members of Congress to go before
the courts professionally was not the puipose of
the act, it would seem necessarily to follow that
such counsel have a right to go before any court.
The practice of the Government now—I am not
clear as to the question of its legality—is to try
all these cases before military courts. 1 think they
are mistaken in point of law; but that is their con-
viction, and they are acting upon thatconviction.
Every man who is charged with a fraud upon the
Government, if he has had a contract with the
Government, and the fraud is alleged to have been
committed in the mode m which he has executed
that contract, is brought before a mihtai y tiibunal,
and if a party is convicted, as has sometime's been
the case, he has been sentenced to imprisonment,
I believe in one instance for life, during the war
in a great many cases, in such place as the Secie-
tary of War may deem proper to designate; and
the Secretary of War in two or three cases has
designated the common penitentiary.
That being the ease, Mr. President, in my judg-
ment, counsel, who happen to be membersof Oon-
giess, Slave no more right to deny to render their
services to parties charged before a tribunal of
that dcsciiption with offenses of that description,
than they would have a ught to refuse their as-
sistance to a man who was chaiged with robbery
or murder before the ordinary courts of justly.
I may be mistaken as to the obligation'of theprfl-
fession. So deeply rooted, however, is the con-
viction, the result of a familiarity with the biog-
raphy of most of the eminent men who have here-
tofore belonged to the profession, that I am still -
of opinion that counsel has nbt only therigfe 8tit
is bound to render services in all such cases; that
if a party is unable to pay him for the tabor and
trouble and loss of time he woald havS, 'he- is
bound to render his services gr?itt}i,to-ulsly. 1
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
A message from the House of >Representatives
by Mr. McPherson, its Cleric, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a icso-
lution that when the House adjourns o,n Wednes-
day the 23d instant, it shall be until Tuesday the
5th day of January, 1864, provided the Senate con-
cur therein.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 1) of thanks to Major General
Ulysses S.' Grant, and the officers and soldiers who
have fought under hi3 command during this re-
bellion, and providing that the President of the
United States shall cause a medal to be struck to
be presented to General Grant in the name of-the
people of the United States of America; arid'it was
signed by the Vice President. ' •
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before theSen-
atc a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of March 3,1863, the report of Thomas Brown,
special agent of the Treasury, in relation to al-
leged abuses m the custom-house and mintatSan
Francisco; which was ordered to lie on the table.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a report of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, showing the prog-
ress of that work during the year ending Novem-
ber 1, 1863, accompanied by an engraved sketch
illustrating the general progress which has been
made in the survey of the coast; also, a manu-
script map of progress, brought up to the same
date, in conformity with the act of Congress,
approved March 3, 1853.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 offer a resolution with
regard to printing that document, which I believe
is identical with the resolution passed by the Sen-
ate last year:
Rcsolred, That there be printed, of the report of the Coast
Sinvev loi the yeiu lt>03, twelve hundred extra copies tor
the us>e of the Semite, and three thousand for distribution
by the Superintendent ot the Const Survey.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented additional papers in
the case of E. P. Wood & Co.; which, in addi-
tion to the papers already on the files of the Sen-
ate relating to the claim, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He txlso presented the petition of Commander"
John Collioun, of the United States Navy, pro-
testing against the action of the late advisory
board, and praying for relief; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of New York, and a petition of citizens'of Michi-
gan, praying for the repeal of the act of Congress
commonly called the fugitive slave act; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present also a petition of
citizens of Vermont, in which they set forth that
the "Government, in time of war or insurrection,
may lemove whatever is dangerous to the public
safety, or prevents the restoration of peace," and
that they therefore earnestly pray Congress " not
to spend the energies of the country in merely
lopping off the branches, but to destroy slavery,
the root of them all." 1 ask that that petiyon lie
on the table, as there is not as yet any committee
constituted to which it may properly be referred.
The petition was ordered to he upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 ptesent the petition of
