1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14.
it. It seems to me that there has been a great
change in the minds of some people in regard to
this matter, i know that since the rebellion broke
out it was a popular doctrine that we did not
want any West Point, and would have been better
off without it. I believe so to-day. I believe that
the service of the country does not require it.
You have military schools springing up all over
the land. They have one in Pennsylvania, and
it was my pleasure to see an exhibition of that
military school within a year, and it was honor-
able to the State and to the young men who were
being educated there. These schools will grow
up as fast as the exigencies of the country call for
them, and you have no necessity for educating
at the public expense young men for the Army
and Navy any more than you have for any of the
other honorable pursuits of life; but if you must
educate them, and if you will have a school, I
pray that you shall not go beyond the law in doing
it. This amendment simply says that if hereafter
boys get into that school whose appointment is
not authorized by law, they shall not be supported
at the public expense.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out all after its enacting
clause, and substituting the following:
That until the rebellion is suppressed the President shall
be authorized to appoint an additional cadet lor each eon
gresftional district not represented in the House of Repre-
sentatives, to be selected from the meritorious and deserv-
ing young soldiers In the regular or volunteer forees ol tlie
United States.
The purpose is that so long as the districts re-
main unrepresented, so that there is no member
in the other House to name a cadet, the President
be authorized to name the cadets; but they are to
be selected from the soldiers m the service of the
United- States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin whether lie will not by this means
appoint more cadets from a district that is unrep-
resented than from one that is represented. The
amendment says an "additional cadet." Ought
not the amendment, in order to carry out las ob-
ject, to leave out the word "additional?"
Mr. D00L1TTLE. Ifthere isiiny ambiguity
about the language which will make it go further
than I intend, of course I will agree to any proper
modification, and I hope the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes,] us he is now at the Secretary's
desk, will be good enough to look at it; but I will
state to the Senate that my purpose, and my only
purpose, is that while these districts arc unrepre-
sented in the House of Representatives, so that
there cannot be any cadets named from them ae-
cordmg to law, the President may appoint ihe
same number from meritorious young soldiers 111
the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. I nsk for the reading of the
amendment as it would be with the word "addi-
tional" stricken out.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Tlmtumil the rebellion ^suppressed the President shall
he authorized to appoint a cadet tor each eon^retsional ilk
lrlct not repiesented in the Mou-e of [tepresentatives, lo be
wieett'd liom the tneiiioriou-* and deseiviiuiyouijiisoUlicrs
in tlie rcgulai or volunteer forces ol the United states.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 am willing to accept the
modification.
Mr. DAVIS. I am opposed to that amend-
ment, because I um satisfied that if il be passed
there will never be any oilier than a young black
Republican soldier appointed to West Point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do notk now upon what
facts or foundation or authoiity the Senator from
Kentucky can make a statement like that, for in
all the military appointments made since this war
commenced I venture lo say that the political com-
plexion of the individual appointed has never
been discussed in the Senate, or in the Military
Committee, or by the States that have made the
appointments. '1 hey have been appointed every-
where not at all upon the ground of their political
character, but because of their loyalty to the Gov-
ernment, no matter whether they were Democrats
or Republicans. I never heard the question asked
anywhere even as io generals; and a great ma-
jority of the geneials at this day are named from
the Democratic party, as I understand.
Mr. HOWE. I think tite inference drawn by
the Senator from Kentucky is entirely correct,
and 1 think he is borne out in it by the election
returns last fall, which show very conclusively
that there are none but " black Republicans" in
the Army to be appointed if this amendment shall
be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another objection to the
proposition. In the growing favor into which
the young negro is emerging, I suppose that a
good many nominations may be from the negroes,
young "citizens of African descent." [Laugh-
ter.] Does the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolitti.e] think that I am or that any member
of the Senate is so green, or that any man of com-
mon intelligence in the United States is so ver-
dant, as not to know that all the appointing power,
whether it is in the President or the heads of De-
partments, in the main is limited and restricted
exclusively and inexorably to men of their own
politics?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not in military matters.
Mr. DAVIS. I dissent entirely from the as-
sumption that the Senator has made of the lib-
erality of the appointing power. In the main, I
think he is altogether mistaken.
Mr. CLARK. I want to make one reply to the
Senator from Kentucky, and also to the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] when he said
that he thought the question of politics was never
considered in the appointments, either by the
Administration, the Piesident, or the authorities
here, or by the States. I wish to dissent from
that in regard to my State. They did consider
it; and the very first regiment we raised our Gov-
ernor determined to sink all political considera-
tions,so far as party was concerned,and toputat
the head of that regiment a Democrat, to give the
post of honor to a Democrat, and he did it; but,
under the guide of Prank Pierce, that Democrat
refused it,/md we had nothing left to do but to
put a Republican in.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think,if 1 recollect aright, that
there was a hentenantdismissed from the military
service in the State of New Hampshire because
he voted for the Democratic ticket.
Mr. CLARK. I never heard of it, and I do
not believe it was ever true.
Mr. DAVIS. It was in New Hampshire or in
Connecticut; I cannot remember which.
Mr. CLARK. Or somewhere else. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Or somewhere else.
Mr. FOSTER. It was not in Connecticut.
Mr. DAVIS. My honorable friend from Con-
necticut disclaims that it was done there. I think
it was in New Hampshire; but I do not care where
it was; the piincipio is the same whether it took
place m New Hampshire, Connecticut, or any
other State.
Mr. CONNESS. Yo u are notsure about your
facts.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, I am. The fact took place
in one of the New England States; it has been
pubhsheda hundred times over in the newspapers,
and I never heard it contradicted before. A lieu-
tenant who was 111 the service went home to vote,
and he voted the Democratic ticket; and for ex-
ercising the right of a freeman to vote for whom
he pleased he was dismissed from the service. I
am opposed to that principle of administration of
the Govoi iiment.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to give the Senator
from Kentucky an instance; he has forgotten it,
I think. The first general whom Massachusetts
sent into the field was a Democrat fresh from the
Charleston convention, Benjamin l<\ Butler.
Mr. DAVIS. And the Lord deliver us from-
Benjamin P. Butler!
Mr. SUMNER. He was a Democrat.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; and the meanest and
most mercenary Democrat that ever trod the face
-of God'.seat th. [Laughter.] I could buy him for
a sufficient consideration every day in the week.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I think this is
rather a strange debate, but nevertheless it is forced
upon lis and we must meet it. We ha ve had since
this war began more than five hundied generals
appointed. I believe some forty-five or forty-six
have been killed or have died in the service I do
not know that any one of those generals received
his appointment on account of his support of the
Administration. I know, however, that some
officers, eminent men in the Democratic party, did
receive their appointments, as a mattei of public
policy, when the war commenccd, because they
were of the Democratic party. The Administra-
tion desired to bring to the support of the coun-
try all men of all parties, and in the fiist year
of this war it was much easier for a man who bad
voted for Douglas or Bell, or even for Breckin-
ridge, to receive a high military appointment than
it was for a man who had voted for Mr. Lincoln.
T think twenty-three general officers have been ap-
pointed from Massachusetts since the war opened,
and not more than eight or ten of those officers
ever acted with the Republican party. I venture
to say that of the twelve or thirteen general offi-
cers appointed from the State of Maine, a major-
ity of them never took any part or gave a vote for
the Republican party. I believe they have had
eight or nine general officers from Connecticut,
almost every man of them belonging to the regu-
lar Army, and men who took no part with and
had no association with Republicans. It is the
same in other States.
Of more than five hundred general officers—I
think the numbermust be five hundred and fifty—
appointed since this war came upon us, I do not
believe one third of them ever voted the Repub-
lican ticket in all their lives, or supported the pol-
icy of the Republican party before the war began.
It has been so to a considerable extent in regard
totheappointmentof minor officers. Paymasters,
quartermasters, commissaries, and other appoint-
ments have been often made without reference to
political opinions. I will say further, that in the
Thirty-Seventh Congress six thousand eight hun-
dred and twenty-five nominations were acted upon
by the Military Committee, and that committee,
consisting of four Republicans and three Demo-
crats, never gave a divided political vote on one
of them, and at this session something like two
thousand nominations have come before the com-
mittee, and not a divided political vote or a ques-
tion connected with politics has ever arisen in the
committee. I think the Administration, in its
military appointments, has sought to do justice
to military men withoutreference to political opin-
ions; and if any preference has been made it was
made when the war commenced in favor of gen-
tlemen who had acted with other parties.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNItlSS. 1 do not wish to engage in
this- debate, but I desire to furnish the Senator
with the California record on this point. There
occur to me eight names of men who have been
appointed generals from that State since this war
began—Halleck, Hooker, Negley, Judali, West,
Carleton, Denver, and Shields. 1 believe they
were all Democrats, and these are the only ap-
pointments of generals we have had from that
State.
Mr. WILSON. I think from the State of Ken-
tucky we have had some dozen or fifteen general
officers appointed, some of them major and some
of them bngadier generals, and I do not know
that any of them voted for Mr. Lincoln. I will
add that whatever the appointments in the Army
have been, I have no doubt that the sentiment of
the Army is for supporting the Administration
and supporting the country; supporting the Ad-
ministration because they regard it as necessary
to the support of the cause of the country; and
so far as they vote, whether in the field or out of
the field, nine tenths of the votes of the soldiers
have been given for the support of the Adminis-
tration. Soldiers who fight and bleed for their
country will vote for their country; soldiers who
give bullets to rebels will not give ballots to rebel
sympathizers, or men who have soft words for
the rebellion and reproaches for the Administra-
tion. ~-
Mr. HOWE. I did not suppose that I should
live to hear any man, speaking id the name of the
Democratic party, object to any Administration
upon the ground of proscription for political opin-
ion. Wherever that lesson has been practiced or
wherever it has not, may be open to somedispute;
but there is no room for dispute whatever as to
where the lesson was learned. It was taught us
by Democratic Presidents and Democratic politi-
cians, and they are the last men who should urge
it as an objection against any Administration.
Upon that point, I think 1 shall not be disputed.
I have one more point to submit, and 11 is this;
that if we have had any Administration since the
day that George Washington retired fioin the
