THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
They could not, save their own party from disin-
tegration; they proved themselves entirely incom-
petent to save the country from the same fate-when
they had the power, and now they come here and
ask the American people to trust them to restore
the Government they have so sadly mutilated!
But the people are not again to beeheateil. From
the granite hilis of New Hampshire, the valleys
of Connecticut, the fertile fields of Maryland,
from almost every ballot-box in the land, there
goes up one rebel-extinguishing, copperhead-
crushing, Uruoo-inspiring, No!
Gentlemen on the other side persist in apply-
ing to us such terms as "negro-worshipers,"
friends of the "everlasting negro," &c. Now,
I have never met a class of men from the ends
of whose tongues and pens the expression of
thoughts pertaining to the negro run off so easily,
so rapidly, and so naturally, and whose resolu-
tions and speeches are so burdened with such
thoughts, as these Democratic gentlemen. Take
the convention to which I have referred as an ex-
ample. None* but Democrats were allowed to
take part; and yet, as usual, the first question in-
troduced was the negro question. The negro was
in every speech, every resolution, every vote,
and, apparently, in every thoughtof the conven-
tion. And, after sixteen long days spent in this
way, the negro was the roclc on which they split.
And when that party has become so obnoxious
as to be a stench in the nostrils of all good men,
as it is fast becoming, an indignant people will
bury it out of sight, and, borrowing an expression
as familiar in every well-regulated Democratic
family as " household words," they will write
upon its tombstone "Died of nigger on the brain."
All the South demanded in the convention that
was not willingly granted by the northern dele-
gates was a recognition of their right to take
their slave property into the Territories and have
it protected there. This proposition was rejected
by the very men who, a few months later, be-
came enamored with'the Chittenden proposition,
so railed,and who have not ceased from thattime
to the present to point to that as the " golden op-
portunity" when the rebels might have been niade
our friends. This measure would have had, if
passed, no other effect than to demonstrate anew
the capability of the northern people for self-abase-
ment, as subsequent events have fully shown.
By this proposition, the Constitution " as it is," I
about which our Democratic friends are now so
very tenacious, was to be so amended that sla-
very would be fastened more strongly 011 the
people. The right of Congress to abolish slavery
in territory under its immediate jurisdiction was
forbidden. The right to transport slaves from
one State to another was to be guarantied; thus
practically making every State id the Union aslave
State, by allowing the master to carry the slave
code of his own State into any other State, with
power to enforce it there. The Government was
to pay to the owner of fugitive slaves, in case
he should be prevented from capturing them by
force, the full value of the slaves. All the ter-
ritory of the United States south of 360 30>_
nearly as large as the thirteen original States-
was to be dedicated to slavery during its terri-
torial condition; thus making it morally certain
that these Territories would eventually become
slave States. All these guarantees were to be se-
cured to slavery by constitutional amendment; Willi
the further provision that 110 futuie amendment
of the Constitution should afi'ect these or the ex-
isting provisions pertaining to that subject, or
" which shall authorize or give to Congress any
power to abolish or interfere with slavery in any
of the States by whose laws it is or may be al-
lowed or permitted." As a consideration for all
these new constitutional protections for slavery,
and as an equivalent for them, it was magnani-
mously conceded that the provision in the fugitive
slave law, which gave a bribe, in the shape of a
double fee, to the commissioner fur lemanding
the accused to slavery, should be so amended that
the fee should be the same whether the decision
shoo id be in favor or against the claimant. This
is what is called " compromising" with slavery!
The Americin people had |ust declared in the
election of Mr. Lincoln, on the Chicago platform,
that slavery should not be carried into territory
then free. The President and the members of
Congress elected by the people on that issue were
lequired to repudiate eveiy obligation that lests
on public officers to respect and maintain invio-
late the principles on which they were elected.
The Administration was requested to do just what
the American people had instructed it not to do,
and what both the old parties had repeatedly re-
fused to do. Strange as it may appear to the
world, we were required by men professing to
act from democratic principles to surrender the
right of a constitutional majority to rule, and
transfer it to a defeated minority. All these de-
mands were made upon the loyal people of the
country to win back to their allegiance a few
thousand rebels who wickedly wrested the Gov-
ernment of a portion of the States from the loyal
people, whose right it was to rule; threatened and
bullied them into submission; stole the property
of the Government; murdered its citizens; incited
the merciless savage to the most terrible deeds of
outrage and muidcr known in modern history;
laughed at the efforts of the Government to strike
down their rebellious hands, and declared they
would not come back into the hated Union even
if they were given a sheet of white paper oil which
to dictate their own terms.
To the declaration so often made on this floor
that the Administration and its friends are re-
sponsible for the war I answer:
1. if the South had any cause for complaint,
the Dcmociatic party, and not the Union or Re-
publican paity, is lesponsible for it. They had
controlled the Government, with fyut brief inter-
ruptions, for sixty years; and when the rebel
States seceded, though a Republican President
had been elected, the Democrats had a majority
both ill the Senate and House of Representatives,
and would have been able to hold an effectual
check upon the executive branch of the Govern-
ment. If they had not given the southern peo-
ple their rights it was their own fault.
2. There was no ground for complaint. The
southern States had continued in the enjoyment
of all their constitutional rights, and, so "far as
the election of Mr. Lincoln was concerned, they
never stood 011 a firmer basis than at the time of
secession. Thisdeclaration is corroboratetMi'y the
testimony of leading Democrats, both North and
South. Mr. Douglas, 111 his speech delivered in
Chicago, May 1, 1861, said:
" Tlx'}' [the rebel-;] assume, on tile election of a particular
candidate, that their 1 ights are not safe nltlio Union. What
evidence do they pie^ciit of this ? 1 defy any man to show
any act on which it is basal. What act lias been omitted
to be done? j appeal to these assembled thousands, tiiat
so f.ir as the constitutional lights ot slaveholders aie con-
cerned, nothing has been doncand nothing omitted of winch
they can complain.
'■Theie has never heena time from theday Washington
was inaugurated lirst I'le.-adent ol these United Suites
when the rights of the southern .States stood firinei under
the laws oi the land than they du now; there never was a
tune when they had not us fjood cause for disunion as they
have to-day. What good cause have they now that has
not existed under every Administration?
" if they say the teiritoual question: now, for the fiist
time, there is no act of Confess piohibiting Maveiy any-
where. If it be the 11011-enfot cement of the laws, the on I v
complaints that ( have hoard have been of the too rigoious
and taithlut lilinilment of tile fugitive slave law. Then,
what reason have the} ?
" 't'iie slaveiy question Is a mere excuse. The election
of Lincoln is a meie pietext,
u The piesent secession movement is .the result of an
enormous conspiracy tormed more than a vear since, formed
by leadeis m the southern conledeiaey more than twelve
months ago."
I desire to call the special attention of those
men who persist in attributing all our difficulties
to " northern aggression" to the following ex-
tracts from a speech of the present vice president
ot the southern confederacy, Hon. Alexander II.
Stephens, delivered in flie secession convention of
Georgia, m January, 1861:
11 What-tight has the North assailed 1 Wh at interest of the
South has been invaded? What justice has been denied,
and what claim tounded m justice and light has beea with-
held? Can culler of jou to-day name uiie governmental
actot wrong detibeiately and purposely done bv the Gov-
ernment at Washington of winch the South lias a right to
complain ? I challenge the answer." * x * *
VVu have always had the control of the General Govern-
ment, find can yet ii we icmam in it, ami aie a* united as
wa have been. We have had a niajoutvo! tin; Presidents
elioNcn from the ^<mth,a^ well unlit1 control and niand"o-
nient of mo-t oi' chosen fiorn the Noith. We have
had sixty } em sol southern Pie-ulents to their two utv-four,
thus eontiolltng [he executive depaitiuenr. So or the
judges of ilm StipiesiK! Court, we have had eighteen fiom
the tfouth, and bur eleven t'loni Hie Noitli; although neuitv
torn filths ot the judicial hu-ino«.s has au^en iiTthe fiee
Htates, >et a ii'Ujuim of the court has always In-en ironj
the South. Till* we have required, -n ;is to guard ugamst
any interpretation of me Constitution unfavorable to u--.
In like iiKtnnei we nave been equally waithlul to giuud our
interests in the legislative branch of Government. In choos-
ing the presiding presidents (pro tempore) of the Senate,
we have had twenty-four to th«ir eleven. Speaker* of the
House we have, had twenty-three ami they twelve. While
the majoiity of the Representative?, from their greater popu-
lation, have always been from the Noith, yet we have so
generally secured the Speaker, because he, to a gieater ex-
tent, shapes and conliols the legislation of the eountiy."
* * * "Attorney GeaerdJs wo have had
fourteen, while the North have had but five. Foreign min-
isters we have had eiyhty-stx, and they but fifty-four." *
* * * " We have had the piineipal embassies, so
as to secure the woild's markets for our cotton, tobneco,
ami sugar, on the best possible terms. We liave had a vast
majority of the higher offices of both Army and Navy, while
a large pioportion of the soldiers and sailors were drawn
from the North. Equally so of clerks, auditors, and comp-
trollers, filling the Executive Depaitments. The records
show for the last fifty years that of three thousand thua
employed, we have liad more than two thirds of the same,
while we have but one third of the white population of the
Republic." * *- * * "A fraction over three
fourths of the revenue collected for the support of the Gov-
ernment has uniformly been raised from the North. Pause
now while you can, gentlemen, and contemplate caretully
and candidly these important items."
I might continue these quotations to any length,
but those I have given are sufficient for my pres-
ent purpose.
3. The rebel government had been organized, and
through the aid and cooperation of the traitors in
Mr.Buchanan's Government they had thoroughly-
prepared for war, and the issue—abject subjection
to the malcontents, and the dismemberment of our
onceglorious Union, or war for the maintenance of
the national unity—wasfully made up, and trans-
mitted from Mr. Buchanan's to Mr. Lincoln's Ad-
ministration. In December, 1860, three months be-
fore Mr. Lincoln's term commenced, seventy thou-
sand stand ofarmsin Charleston,which Mr. Floyd
had placed in thecareof theSouth Carolina rebels,
were taken possession of for the rebel government.
On the 25th of the same month, Major Anderson
was obliged to abandon Fort Moultrie and seek
refuge in Fort Sumter. On the 7th day of Jan-
uary, 1861, about two months before Mr. Lin-
coln's inauguration, the Richmond Dispatch an-
nounced that Virginia was prepared efficiently to
arm twenty-five thousand troops. On the 14th
day of February, 1861, forty-two self-constituted
Democratic representatives of seven rebellious
States met at Montgomery for the purpose of or-
ganizing a rebel government within the old Union.
And on the 18th of February, fifteen days be-
fore the expiration of Mr. Buchanan's te m of
office, Jefferson Davis, having abandoned his seat
in the United States Senate, was inaugurated the
head of this self-constituted government. Imme-
diately after Mr. Davis's inauguration, a member
of their military committee said:
" We have arms in abundance. Every State has amply
piepaied itself to meet any emergency that may au^e, and
is daily purchasing ivnd receiving cannon, moitars, shell-;,
and other engines of destruction, with which to ovei whelm
tl*e dastaid adveisary. Organized aimies now ext^t in all
the States, commanded by officers brave, accompli.-lird,
and experienced; and even should war oeeur in twenty
days I feel confident that they have both the valor and the
arms successfully to reti^l any foice whatever. Let the
issue come, I iear not the letsult."
On the 19th of December, I860, Mr. Miles, a
former member of Congress, in a speech made 111
theSouth Carolina convention, stated that the fol-
lowing, among other things, was said to Mr.
Buchanan:
" It is our solemn conviction that if von attempt to send
a solltmy soldier to these torts, [m Cliaileston haihoi.1 Hint
tile instant tile intelligence readies our people, and we
shall take care that it does leach llicni, lor tee have sources
of information^ in tVusldngton so that no ordei s for troops
can he issued withoutom getting information, thesefoitswilt
he forcibly and immediately stormed."
. About the middle of November, I860, Hon. L.
M. Keitt, in a public speech, declared that " Mr.
Buchanan was pledged to secession, and he intended
lo hold him to it." «
The following from Mr. Buchanan's message
to Congress, December 3,1860, while it attests the
truth of Keitt's statement, stamps Mr. Buch-
anan and the entire Democratic party that ad-
hered to him with everlasting infamy. He says:
"After much serious reflection I have come to the con-
clusion that no such power [ the power to eoeiee a state
into submission] has boon delegated to Oongie^ 01 to any
other depattnient of the Federal Government.!>
The Constitution, Buchanan's organ, published
in this city, in its issue of December •>!, ISfiO,
condemned all attempts to arrest the disunion
movement at the South, and argued that it was the
duty of Congress to " waste no further time in
ineffectual scheming, but address itself promptly
to the vurioua considerations involved m the ae-
