1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is the only important subject that I now know of,
that ought to be disposed of before the holidays.
The 5th of January has been fixed by the execu-
tive authorities as the day for the diaft, and we
ought to act upon that subject before the adjourn-
ment. It seems to me we can do sobefore Wednes-
day next, and then adjourn. 1 believe that it is
impossible to retain a quorum of either House
during the holidays. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out all after the word "that,"and
inserting, " when the two Houses of Congress ad-
journ on Wednesday the 23d instant, it shall be
until Tuesday the 5th day of January, 1864."
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is hardly worth while to
add a word to what has been said on this subject
of adjournment; but still I desire to say that I
have nevervotcd foran adjournment of this kind,
and in fyct I may say I have never moved an
adjournmentof any kind. I have been impressed
with the idea that when we are appointed to meet
by law at this place, we should continue our at-
tendance here without regard to any other busi-
ness, or any extraneous influences. I now add
my voice to thatof other gentlemen who have op-
posed this adjournment. If I were to consult my
own personal convenience, I should desire exceed-
ingly an adjournment for two weeks. It would
be to my personal advantage, for it so happens
that there is a term of a court in my own town
where I am somewhat extensively engaged in
professional business; but I am happy to forego
that, for the purpose of being here in attendance
on the discharge of my public duties. If all the
Senators do not meet here, as has been suggested,
those who are willing to meet can come, and if
those who do meet are compelled to come and go
away again, it is no fault of theirs; they tender
themselves ready to discharge the public business.
I shall vote against the resolution?
Mr. GRIMES. It is very true, as stated by
the Senator from Ohio, that during the holidays
very little business is transacted by the Senate;
but my experience and observation during the
time I have been here—that is not very long, it is
true—are, that whenever we do not adjourn over,
at least about half of the Senators and members
of the House of Representatives remain in the
city of Washington, and they prepare business
for the transaction of the two bodies when they
assemblefor business; but when we do absolutely
adjourn, almost everybody goes away, and when
we meet after the expiration of the holidays we
find our tables and our drawers in just as nude a
state, so far as relates to the public business and
what we propose to do in relation to the public
business, as they were when we came here on the
first Monday in December. It docs not follow, I
think, that because we are not always able to get
a quorum, or because we do not actually transact
much business under the rules of the Senate dur-
ing the holidays, that the question of adjournment
may not be of much importance to the country.
I think that really the country will be as much
benefited by the men who remain, as if there was
a quorum actually in the Senate, by the prepara-
tion which those men will make of the public busi-
ness to be transacted by the Senate when it reas-
sembles.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think it is premature at
least to act now on this resolution fixing the day
of adjournment; action on it ought to be post-
poned until we see whether the bill amending the
law for the enrollment of soldiers in the Army
will come from the House of Representatives and
can be passed into a law; for until that is done I
am opposed to adjourning at all. , I think this
resolution should be postponed, and therefore I
move to lay it on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow my amendment to prevail, if he has no
objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no ob jection to the
amendment making the resolution apply to both
Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now I move that the res-
olution do lie on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have a vote on the pas-
sage of the resolution, and see what the temper
of the Senate is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not rise to oppose
anything; but I merely wish to suggest that if
the bill referred to by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin is of as much consequence as he supposes, he
cannot anticipate, nobody can anticipate what
opposition may be made to it in the other House;
and if that measure is of pressing public import-
ance, the result may be that by fixing a day of
adjournment now, which we cannot recall with-
out the consent of the other House, we may lose
an important measure in our anxiety to go some-
where else to getour Christmas dinner; and I do
not think that is dealing properly with the busi-
ness of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. It strikes me that the sug-
gestion to postpone this matter until atleastTues-
day, is a wise one. I do not think we ought to
take this adjournment over unless we can act upon
the bill which I have mentioned. I am told that
the Committee on Military Affairs, to whom it
has been referred, will be ready to report itatthe
next meeting of the Senate. There is no doubt,
I think, that there is a majority in both Houses
in favor of the adjournment over if that important
bill can be passed; and I think it would be just as
well to holu the resolution up until Tuesday. I
shall vote, therefore, to lay it on the table for the
present.
Mr.GRIMES. Thatquestion hasbeen taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone it until
Tuesday next.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Ohio will
withdraw his motion, or if an amendment is now
in order, 1 move to strike out the last day named
in the resolution, and in lieu thereof to insert,
"Tuesday, the 30th instant."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
from Kentucky that if the resolution be post-
poned until Tuesday next, it will be open to
amendment, and he can then submit his propo-
sition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Kentucky is not now in order. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, to postpone the further consideration of the
resolution until Tuesday next.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I judge
from what transpires in the Senate that probably
there may be a majoiity of the Senate who are
in favor of the passage of this resolution when
it comes to lie acted upon; but, sir, I appeal to the
Senate that it will not do to fix the (lay of adjourn-
ment now until we see whether we can pass the
important measure of legislation in reference to
the Army, to which allusion has been made. It
must be done before we adjourn. I cannot con-
sent to fix a day which may put us in the power,
perhaps, of an opposition in the other House, or
in this House, even, to prevent the passage of
such a bill. I appeal to the Senate to let this res-
olution be postponed until Tuesday next, which
will allow ample time for the majority to concur
in this resolution to adjourn the next day if they
are determined to do it. I therefore have felt
called upon to insist upon the yeas and nays.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. It requires some prep-
aration for those who are going so far as I have
to go in order to reach my home, and to postpone
action here until Tuesday, if we aie to adjourn on
Wednesday, gives us no time whateverfor prep-
aration. 1 hope, if the postponement is had, it
will not be beyond Monday, so that we can have
one day to spare.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that the plan
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin is ex-
actly the plan calculated to defeat the passage of
the bill he has so much at heart. If he will vote
with me against the passage of this resolution, and
let the House of Representatives and the mem-
bers of this body and the country understand that
we came here for the transaction of public busi-
ness, and not to adjomn to attend holiday recre-
ations, the members of the two bodies will remain
here, and we shall be able to pass his bill; butlet
it be hungup here on your table in abeyance, and
you will find that at the end of this week many
of the members of the House, and, perhaps, of
this body, will go to their homes, and the first
thing you know you will be without a quorum in
the House of Representatives, and perhaps in this
body. Now, sir, I do not insist on our refusing
to adjourn because I expect to keep a quoromin
either body; but I do not like, in the first place,
to be placed in the attitude before the country of
coming here, and after being in session ten days,
agreeing to adjourn for two weeks; and thett I
believe that the business of the Senate and of ttie
country will be advanced by our refusing to ad-
journ, even if we cannot keep a quorum here. I
say again, the plan conceived by the Senator from
Wisconsin for the purpose of saving his bill, will „
I predict, be the very one, if adopted, that will
prevent the passage of it before the 1st of Jan-
uary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend from
Iowa mistakes me. If the question is voted on
now, I shall vote against the resolution; I shall
vote with him; but I foresee, from what tran-
spires around me, very strong evidence to my
mind that if you press this resolution to a direct
vote now, it will pass.
Mr. GRIMES., I do not know it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think, from the evi-
dence I see around me, that it is likely to pass,
and therefore I desire to appeal to the Senate to
postpone action on the resolution until Tuesday
next. Then if the legislation does take place
which is so much desired, there will not be such
objection to the adjournment. If it does not take
place, then I,for one, shall be opposed to the ad-
journment. 1 will not consent to an adjournment
until that measure can be acted upon, for the 5th
day of January,"the day named in this resolu-
tion for Congress to meet again, I believe is the
very day that the Government have resolved
upon in relation to the draft, and this legislation
ought to be done before that time, that prepara-
tion may be made for it.
Mr. WILSON. Tl'e Government has called
for three hundred thousand men,and has offered
bounties of $400 for veterans, and §300 for other
persons. The money that has already been paid
to persons who have enlisted under this call has
come out of the sum Of about twelve million dol-
lars that was raised from persons who paid the
commutation when drafted. That sum is ex-
hausted; and there are persons already enlisted
under this call who are entitled to receive their
bounty, but there is no money to pay them, and
we must before we adjourn pass an act to appro-
priate a sum of money to pay the bounty. Then,
there are calls for changing the enrollment act;
and it is proposed to make afew modifications of
that act that experience has proved to be neces-
sary, and it will take a short time to do that.
Nearly all this business is prepared now, I think,
and so prepared as to be satisfactory generally,
but not quite so. I hope, therefore, that we shall
not fix a time to adjourn, until, at any rate, a day
or two hence, until we see the condition of affairs;
for it is certain that whatever we do in regard to
the enrollment act, must be done before the holi-
days, because, under the call for troops, the 5th of
January is fixed for drafting. 1 hope, therefore,
thaj, we shall not agree to this adjournment for a
day or two yet. I think we can pass these bills
between now and Monday night.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We on this side of
the Chamber who favor an adjournment are just
as anxious to transact the public business as the
Senator from Iowa; we would not postpone public
business for the purpose of paiticipating in the
festivities of the holidays; but experience has
taught us that no business of a legislative char-
acter can be transacted during those days. We
oppose the postponement for that reason, know-
ing that it will not interfere with the transaction
of the public business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to postpone
the further consideration of the resolution until
Tuesday next.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Amhonv, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot. Foster, Hale,
Harding, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe,John-
son, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmitii,Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner, Tiumbuli, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, and Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Grimes, Hendricks,
Hieks, Lane of Kansas, Powell, Salisbury, Ten ISyck, Wil-
kinson, and Wright—11.
So the motion was agreed to.
