2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
The sympathy that existed between the rebels
South arid their abettors North is most strikingly
illustrated in* the similarity of their arguments.
" Let us alone," said the usurpers who were steal-
ing our property, insulting our flag, muidering
our citizens, and plotting, while still in official
positions, the overthrow of the Government
which had fostered and protected them. " No co-
ercion," responded their northern allies, on the
penalty of "blood flowing in our own streets,"
being" throttled where you stand," marching over
" dead bodies of Democrats," &c. If they de-
sired to "adhere to the enemies of the country,
giving them aid and comfort," could they have
" dor\e it more effectually?
This state of things continued til) the attack
, upon Fort Sumter, when the indignation of the
people became so aroused that these men found
it impossible to breast the irresistible tide. Such
was the uprising of the patriotic citizens of the
whole country that a large portion of the Dem-
ocratic leaders were forcibly borne along by the
overwhelming force of the loyal masses, and for
a while either fell back into studied silence or be-
came loud in their professions of sympathy with
the Government. But this silence and these pro-
fessions of friendship weie only for a time.
Their true sentiments were held in abeyance,
waiting for an opportunity to raise an issue with
the Government, upon which they might regain
their lost influence before the people. True to
. this they have pursued a policy which will place
their names by the side of the worst enemies of
the country, and call down upon their heads the
execration of coming generations.
When it was proposed to allow the contra-
bands to come within ourlines and work on our
fortifications and be protected from the claims of
their rebel masters, they opposed it. When it
was proposed to arm the negroes, and thus save
a portion of our own sons and brothers for the
workshops and the farms, they opposed it.
When it was proposed to strike the shackles
from the limbs of the black man, who had been
the truest friend to our suffering soldiers, braving
death itself to impart valuable information to our
officers, they opposed it. When we were raising
volunteers, they opposed it and said the Army
should b.e filled, if at ail, by drafting. When it
was proposed to draft, they opposed it and said
if we must have troops we should rely on volun-
teers and not drag unwilling men from their
homes. And when the President told them they
might take their choice and get the men cither by
draft or by volunteering, they discovered that it
was not best to do either. When it was pro-
posed to confiscate the property of rebels in arms
and thus obtain a slight compensation for the
mischief they have done us, they opposed it.
Indeed, aside from a few of those propositions,
where they knew opposition would be the grave
of the party while it could not change the result,
I am not aware that there has been a single im-
portant measure for the suppression of the rebel-
lion which they have not opposed. And when
a member of this House, while our brave Army
is standing face to face with the rebel army, ex-
presses the hope that we "will never subjugate
Ike Southt" accompanied by a prayer to Almighty
God tl that it may never 6c," eighteen Demo-
cratic members vote that ho is not even deserv-
ing of censure, the larger part of the others de-
clining to vote.
The sympathy and encouragement to the reb-
els expressed by the Democratic press and Demo-
cratic speeches and votes on the floor of Congress
have done more to prolong the war than our de-
feats on the battle-field. The rebels watch our
political movements with as much interest as they
do our armies, and hail with joy eveiy Demo-
cratic triumph.
The Raleigh (N, G.) Progress says:
"We remember to have heard an eminent divine remark,
a few months ago, that his only hope of salvation for ihe
Wouth was through the Democratic or peace paity ot the
North.
General Johnston of the rebel army has said
they did not expect to conquer by the force of
arms, u but thiough dissensions in the North."
The Jackson Mississippian, now published at
Atlanta, referring to the subject, says:
" Have our neighbors read the Chicago Times. New York
Expit'&a, Metropolitan Record, Cincinnati Enquirer, and
various other paper^ of the North winch are exponent-* ot
the opposition to Lincoln ? Have they read the speeches
of Bright, Voorhces, Merrick, and various others ? Have
they ever found in any of these papers or speeches a syllable
that did not breathe the most orthodox States lights doc-
trine and uncompromising opposition to coercion? These
are the men we wi«li to encourage, and these are the men
whose success will bring peace."
To show what they mean by " peace," I quote
from the Richmond Whig of a recent date:^
" For ourselves we are free to say that we are forpeaee.
We want peace. We will have it. We must have it. On
any tenns? Yes, on any terms which General Lee, stand-
ing in Faneuil Hall, may choose to dictate to the base-born
wretches who have sought to enslave us."
The Richmond (Virginia) Enquirer, the imme-
diate organ of the rebel government, about the
middle of July, 1863, said:
" Let not the people be downcast by the* result at Get-
tysburg, nor by the loss of Vicksburg and Port Hudson.
Those losses will be more than made good to us by the dis-
organization of northern society by the expected triumph
of the peace Democracy in the free States."
The Mobile Tribune, speaking of the New
York riots, says:
« Those riots are the result of the doctrine taught by the
Democratic paity, which in New York city has strength
enough to defy the Government."
A correspondent of the Chattanooga Daily Ga-
zette says:
••A few days ago I fell in company with a prominent
rebel citizen of Chattooga county, Geoigia.
" The* conversation turned upon the probabilities of
Lincoln's i selection to the Presidency ot the United States,
whereupon he remarked with considerable Warmth:
" 'if Lincoln is reelected we may just as well give up
the game, for we can In that case have no hope of gaining
our independence. Wc have been trying to keep up ap-
pearances with the hope that the peace men of the United
States would be able to carry the election. Our ail is staked
upon the issue, tor it is an absolute impossibility for us to
hold out another four years." "
I commend these extiacts, which might be
extended indefinitely, to the careful attention of
honest Democrats throughout the country.
Mr. Speaker, much has been said on the other
side of this Hall abouta " violated Constitution."
But it is a fact worthy of notice that while they
hold Mr. Lincoln to the most limited construc-
tion of that instrument that can possibly be given,
especially in regard to his measures to crush the
rebellion, but few, if any, words of complaint are
uttered against the rebels who are setting at de-
fiance every constitutionalobligation. The whole
purpose appears to be to limit the war powers of
the President, so as to renderhim entirely power-
less to grapple effectually with the rebellion.
Not being a lawyer, it would not become me to
attempt an exposition of the Constitution from a
legal stand-point; but I have certain common-
sense views about the powers of the Government
and the rights of the citizen under the Constitu-
tion which i desire to present. I cannot conceive
that this Government is under very strong con-
stitutional obligations to Jeff. Davis and his rebel
government. Indeed, I am unable to discover
what rights he and his rebel .crew have under the
Constitution they arc trampling under their feet
which the Government is "bound to respect."
When I read what George Washington said in
his letter, transmitting the doings of the Constitu-
tional Convention to Congress, that " individuals
enteiing into society must <*ive up a share of lib-
erty to preserve the rest," 1 recognize in it a wise
and necessary limitation to individual rights, and
the duty of the citizen to submit, in times of great
emergency like the present, to some personal in-
convenience for the general good. When I read,
in the judicial construction of the Constitution,
" that the Government of the United States can
claim no powers which are not granted to it by
the Constitution, either expressly or by neces-
sary implication," I conclude there are some
powers which, though not "expressly" stated,
are given by u necessary implication;" and that
among these latter powers may be enumerated
the right to arrest and confine disloyal citizens
when their liberty endangers the public good;
the overthrow of the whole system of southern
slavery when that system stands before the Gov-
ernment as a protecting wall to its enemies; the
right, though not expressly given, to capture New
Oilcans, Vicksburg,Port Hudson, and, when wc
can do it, Richmond, Charleston, and Mobile;
in short, to do anything not inconsistent with the
rules of civilized warfare that may be necessary
to crush the rebellion and effectually remove every
element that threatens to bring a similar war
upon our children.
When I road in the Constitution that " treason
against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against them or in adhering to their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort," I con-
clude that those who do " adhere to our ene-
mies" and "give them aid and comfort," are, by
the common-sense construction, traitors. And
when I hear, on this floor or anywhere else, the
leaders of a great party declare—as did Vallan-
digham—they never would "vole one dollar of
money" to feed or clothe our soldiers in the field;
when they declare, asdid the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Voorhees,] that " this Government
is dying; dying, sir, dying"," when they charac-
terize the war for the supremacy of the Consti-
tution and the laws, as did the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fernando Wo op,] as "a hellish
crusade;" when they pray Almighty God,as did
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,]
that we may never subjugate ourenermes; when
they declare that Jelf. Davis is the " purest and
bravest of patriots;" that he will " live gloiious in
history," and that his government is 44 oneofthe
finest experiments on the face of the earth or in
the history of mankind;" when they aver that
nothing has been gained by our armies; when
they magnify our defeats and belittle our victo-
ries, I confess my inability to see why they are
not " adhering to the enemy "and " giving them
aid and comfort" in the most effectual manner
possible, unless they should adopt the more manly
course and join the enemy in the field. Even
then it is doubtful whether they could be of as
much service to the rebel cause as they are here.
I submit, therefore, to the membersof this House
and the country, whether the acts of these men
are not clearly within the constitutional defini-
tion of treason.
I will not attempt to judge of the heart of this
class of men, but my convictions are strengthened
in view of the fact that many of these men, all
over the country, have from the beginning ap-
peared to be delighted with every rebel victory
and depressed by every Union success. Is theie
a town or village in the loyal States where many
Demociats are not found who, with joyous coun-
tenances, nimble feet.and willing tongues,spread
the news of rebel successes in the field, but who,
when the telegraph announces the success of our
arms, retire in sullen silence to their own homes
or place of business, with nothing to say, ex-
cept it be to detract from the importance of the
victory or declare the report an "Administra-
tion her" Who has not noticed when import-
ant events have been transpiring in the Army
that the news could be as plainly read in the
countenances of these men as in the telegraphic
'columns of the newspapers? Has there ever
been a time when this class of men wore such
forlorn countenances, when they appeared to be so
thoroughly filled with hate and malice, as when
the news of the Union victories at Vicksburg,
Port Hudson, and Gettysburg followed each other
in rapid succession? These remarks are intended
especially for those to whom they justly apply,
to whose backs the garment I have cut is a fit.
They will know how and when to make the appli-
cation.
In one of the speechesmade during the last war
with Great Britain by Felix Grundy, of Tennes-
see, occurs the following description of a thor-
ough-going copperhead which seems to have been
spoken for the present day:
"An individual goes over, joins the ranks of tUe enemy,
and raises his arms against the country; lie is clearly guilty
of treason under the Constitution, the overt act being con-
summated. Suppose the same individual not to go over
to the enemy, but to remain in his own neighborhood, and
by means of his influence to dissuade ten men from enlist-
ing; I ask in which case has he benefited the enemy and
injured the country most?
Whom, then, do ( accuse? laccusehim, sir, who pro-
fesses himself to be the friend of his countiyaud enjoy?, its
protection, yet proves himselfbyhis actions to be the friend
of it1? enemy. I accuse iiitn who sets himsellat work sys-
tematically to weaken the arm of this Government by de-
stroying its credit and dampening the ardoi ot its oitrzeii<;
1 aceu e him who has used his exertions to defeat the loan
and prevent the young men of the country from going forth
to fight Their country's battles; I accuse hnn who an-
nounces with joy the disasteis of our aims, and sinks into
melancholy when he hears of our success. Such men i
cannot consider niends of this nation.5'
But theie is anoLher class of men calling them-
selves Democrats to whom the countiy gives its
highest meed of praise, and whose names are em-
balmed in the affections of the American people.
I refer to those men m the Army, in civil life, and
in this and the other blanch of Congress, who
