1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
'-What do Senators think of those positions of
the-President? Are they not in flagrant conflict
with those which he now avows, and 'alt the War
policy of himself and Congress > If " any peo-
ple" or "any portion of such peojile, have the
right to rise up and shake off the existing Gov-
ernment, and form a new one that suits them_ bet-
ter," what right has Mr. Lincoln to oppose-it by
war? If I had declared that position in the Sen-
ate, I apprehend I should not only have lost
wholly the.shaken confidence of the Senator from
Wisconsin in ray loyalty, hut that the majority
at the Senate might have taken it into their heads
to expel me.
Sir, I hold myself to be as good a Union man-,
and without intending any offense to my honor-
able friend from Wisconsin,I will say than he or
.any man in the Senate or out of the Senate, who
has abandoned, or who does notentireiy support
the suppression of the rebellion strictly upon the
principles of the Crittenden resolutions and the
President's early war policy.
Now, sir, in relation to appointments, if the
Senate will give me a committee, 1 pledge myself
to sustain this position, or to abandon it and ac-
knowledge my mistake: that within the last twelve
months and during the whole of thatpenod, three
fourths, and I believe nine tenths, of the appoint-
ments made by this Administration have been of
men who are now the adherents of the present
and particular policy ofthe Administration in con-
ducting the war, and who stand in direct and open
antagonism to_ the Crittenden resolution, and the
principlesupon which the President early pledged
himself to conduct the war. I believe, as firmly
as I believe any truth, that all men who avow
that the war should be waged upon the princi-
ples declared by the President in its beginning arid
upon the Crittenden resolution, are not only the
best, but the only true Union men, and that they
are not only proscribed by Ihe Administration
from all the offices and patronage of the Govern-
ment, military and civil, but that they are slan-
dered, denounced, wronged, and oppressed by it
and its tools to the utmost extent that they dare
to venture. How dare these apostates to their own
pledges and to the Constitution claim to be the
only true loyal men, or to be loyal at all ? Is not
the Constitution the bond of our Union ? Is it not
the law of our Union? Can the Union be pre-
served except by an adherence to the Constitution
and its preservation ? When the Constitution is
subverted, are not the Government and the Union
which it formed destroyed, and another Govern-
ment and Union madeby the revolution ? Do not
we hear daily men 111 the two Mouses of Congress
declare their purpose to bring about such a revo-
lution? Does not every intelligent man in the land
know that the party m power are adtninistei
at the present time more to effect that revolution
than to conquer the rebellion ? Does not the whole
country know from their acts and ayowals thin
ifthey cannoteft'ect this revolution they never will
agree to the return of the rebel States, but will
make their excision final and forever ?
There are few men for whom 1 have more sin-
cere respect than the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Howe, j His integrity, his honor,
his general principle, so fai as it does not i.onx-
into collision with the negro and the peculiar war
policy of this Administration, I have the utmost
faith in, as 1 have in that of many other gentle-
men.
Mr. COIVNKSS. 1 beg leave to say to the gen-
tleman that he is leaving ihc largest portion of
the Senator out.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the largest portion of
the Senator ?
Mr. CONNESS. The one the gentleman ex-
cepted.
Mr. DAYIS. I did not except any. I think
my friend is under the impression thai I have left
him out, and therefore ( have left the largest por-
tion of the Senate out. [Laughter.] if that is
his opinion I admit that K is pretty well based,
for I think he is a geiulem.-m of fine ability.
Mr. CONNESS^ Thank yon.
Mr, DAVIS. Indeed 1 do; but when gentle-
men assume in the Senate the position that within
the last twelve mouths the bestowal of all the pa-
tronage of this Government has not been upon its
peculiar friends, men who reject the Crittenden
resolution, men who reject the doctrines of the
early communications ofthe President in relation
to the mode of carrying on the war, and who give
their adherence to the present policy of carrying
on the war, they must think that men are green
to swallow any such proposition as that.
Sir, I admit that there are many men who were
once called Democrats that have been the recip-
ients of favors and appointments from this^ Ad-
ministration. There is the Adjutant General,who,
if I am informed correctly, had his trunk packed
to go into rebeldom at the beginning. Here is
Butler, who voted fifty-seven times, as I am in-
formed, in the Charleston convention to make
Jeff. Davis President. I could name scores of
them. These men are now petted and favored by
the President and by his friends and supporters.
Why? Because they have sold out their princi-
ples, and the Constitution of their country, and
the liberties of the people, for place and spoils.
The purchaser has appeared; they have received
the price; they have bartered their principles;
they have made traffic of the Constitution, and of
their country and liberties. They are no longer
Democrats, but the basest of traitors and slaves.
There are no doubt many honorable exceptions,
but they arc not placed since the full development
of the revolutionary projects of the Administra-
tion and its friends. To put or retain these men
in office, whether they were oncc called Demo-
crats, or Whigs, or by whatever they were desig-
nated, after the full development of the revolu-
tionary and destructive purposes of the Admin-
istration and its friends, does not evidence any
magnanimity, but simply a sale and a purchase.
Let gentlemen point me to any men who have
frankly and boldly maintained the doctrines of the
President's early revelations and of the Crittenden
resolution, and have endeavored to imprint the
doctrines of these documents upon the people.
Let gentlemen point to any Demociats orany Re-
publicans or any party men, of whatever game,
who have occupied that ground and those princi-
ples, that have been appointed to office by this
Administration, task the questions, who are they
and where are they ? and echo answers, who are
they and where are they? I do not believe there
is one case in twenty of that character. If gen-
tlemen want this Administration vindicated, lot
them indicate that a committee can be gotten up
to examine, investigate, and repott upon the pres-
ent political status and position of all theappoint-
ees of this Administration withm the last eighteen
months, awl if if does not exhibit at least nine out
of every ten appointed because of their special ad-
hesion to the peculiar war policy of this Admin-
istration, I am greatly deceived, and I shouidhke
to have my mind disabused.
Mr. TKN KYCK. Air. President, I eSaim to
be as good alisrener as any member in this body.
1 claim also to derive as much pleasure and high
gratification from ihediscussions winch are from
day to thiy going on here as any other person.
J delight in the eloquent and pointed arguments
which we hear from time to time in relation to the
subject on hand; and islthoush I have no partic-
ular charge of this bill, I may perhaps be par-
doned for expressing a desire that now when
j! gentlemen have givn their opinions and their
i! views and their knowledge in relation to the his-
uny of putties and the history of Administrations
!j from the commencement of General Wanhmg-
]i ton's administration to the present time, and the
j' mode in whieh political campaigns have been con-
ducted, and the measures ofthe several different
;l parties in the United States and in the several
j; States, it may not be amiss in me to desire to
]| learn what is the question before the Senate,
it if I recollect aright, some two hours ago we
had a biil before us m relation to t^io Military
tj Academy at West Point, and if 1 remember coi-
j{ rcotly an amendment was pioposed by the Sena-
;j tor from New Hampshire [Mr. Hali;J to require
the head of the War Department to conform to
ij what had been understood to be the opinion of
Ij Congress in relation to the appointments at that
!j Academy, it was expressed by Senators to be
jj exceedingly desirable that the number of cadets
|j in that Academy should be kept full. Itwassup-
posed that illegal appointments had been made.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doclittle]
proposed an amendment to the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from New Hampshiie, to
the effect that hereafter, in order that the Military
Academy shall be kept full, the President shall
haye the powerduring theexistence of the rebel-
lion to nominate two cadets in the loyal districts
tff this Union, instead of one as heretofore.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. TEN EYCI1. It is substantially that. The ,
statement is sufficiently correct for my purpose,
Being anxious that this should be accomplished,
and that this should be done by law and in ac-
cordance with the wish of Congress and the views
of Congress, I am desirous that we shall have
some opportunity during the course of.the pres-
ent day to express our opinion on that subject,
inasmuch as there are many other matters of im-
portance to the country before the body.
1 shall not undertake to stop here and say what
my State has done or what she has not done. I
am a little tender-footed upon that point, I con-
fess. i shall not stop to say that the Executive of
my State during the first two years of the rebellion
appointed, without regard to party, men to head
ourregimentsand men to receive the commissions
in the different departments of the military ap-
pointments. I shall not&topto say that if in New
Jersey we had taken the precaution to nominate a
Democrat for Governor at the last election, and to
place loyal Democrats at the head of our ticket
everywhere, we might perhaps have succeeded in
gaining what is claimed to be a Union victory in
almostevery northern State, in consequence,per-
haps, of our not having done that, we occupy the
very peculiar position of being the only northern
State that has not cast its vote m the way in which
gentlemen say loyalty travels; and yet, sir, I be-
lieve that the State of New Jersey is as loyal at
heart as many other States of this Union; and I
know that the soldiers from our State, whether
they begenerals, (and Heaven knows we have veiy
few of them,) whether they be colonels or cap-
tains, lieutenants or privates, belong to whatever
party they may, have manifested aloyaltyon the
battle-field equal to that displayed by any other
persons in the service.
But of what avail is all that, sir, upon this bill?
1 find that I am offending against the idea that I
started with when I rose, and I am likely to suffer
myself to run into a discussion on matteis which
have nothing to do with this bill, and which are en-
tirely outside of it; and so far as 1 may have any
claim for being a good and patient listener, I beg
now to have the privilege of voting on the ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if the honorable
Senator from NcwJeiseyfeels disposed,when he
addresses the Senate, to speak strictly and directly
to the pending-question, I know of nothing in the
rules of the Senate which prohibits him from do-
ing so. If J,sitting here, professing to be a friend
of the present Administration, hear it attacked
and maligned, and if I, under those circumstances,
see fit to*"make a brief reply, or a pretty long one,
I know nothing in the rules of the Senate which
authorizes the Senator from New Jersey, or any
other member of the Senate, to whip me for it
publicly. A private whipping I do not object to
particularly, provided it be done constitutionally
[Laughter.]
Sir, I do not claim to be personally responsible
for the character of the present Administration.
I have professed to be a friend of it, and I adhere
to it down to to-day; and yet I have sat heie from
the beginning of this glorious term in which I have
been privileged to sit here at all, and I have heard
it on the floor of the American Senate charged
with every conceivable crime from high treason
down to petty larceny. I have scarcely heard
any attempt at defense. Older Senators and abler
Senators than myself know that I have been a lit-
tle sensitive at times under these inflictions. I
did not feel that it Wc>s my pedRiar mission to step
forwaul in defense of the Administration, but I
have gone to them repeatedly and urged them to
justify to the country, by a plain statement of
I God's truth, the conduct of an Administration
| which has had imposed upon it thegravest duties
j that were ever imposed upon finite creatures. I
i have implored them to do this in justice to them-
j selves and in justice to the public. They have not
; always given way to my entreaties; they have
j{ rarely given way; and I have come to theconciu-
II slon, Mr. President, that when tin indictment is
j | filed here against the Administration that! think
ii is capable of being pleaded to, and filed by re-
i| sponsible parties, if nobody else will undertake
|| the defense, J will myself offer such defense as I
fi have to make; and if I cannot have this piivilege,
