1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sells
after the 30th; so that the law really takes effect
on the 2d of May.
Mr. JOHNSON. How does that differ from
the bill as it stands?
Mr. SHERMAN. By the bill as it stands it
takes effect on the evening of the 29th. It was
approved April 29, 1864. This section, as it
now stands, only terminates the operation of that
resolution on the30th of June. The amendment
now offered proposes to fix the time when it shall
commence operation.
Mr. JOHNSON". I ask to have the amend-
ment, and the section as it will read if amended,
reported from the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, in section
twenty, line four, after the word " shall," to in-
sert the words "not be deemed to have taken
effect until after the 30th day of April, 18G4, and
shall;" so that the section will read: *
Sec. 20. Jind be it further enacted, That the joint reso-
lution "to increase temporarily the duties on imports,"
approved April 20. 1864, shall not be deemed to have taken
effect until after tiie 30th day of April, 1864, and shall be
and rturiain in force until and including the 30th day of
June, 1864.
Mr.TftUMBULL. Why say " untilafterthe
30th?" I thought the dispute was about its taking
effect on the 29th.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. I will again re-
peat the faGts. The resolution was approved by
the President on the evening of the 29th, the legal
effect of which was that it would take effect on
that day. Notice was not given. It was not
known in the custom-house in New York until
half past one o'clock on the 30th. In the mean
time many merchants were taking out their goods
and paying their duties, and the question occurred
whether it should be enforced on the 30th of
April.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me inquire of the Sen-
ator if it was not as to whether it should be en-
forced on the 29th ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That question was raised
also; and as they could not divide a day they de-
manded the additional duties of the persons who
had paid in duties on the 29th, but 1 believe that
that demand was not really enforced, because the
duties had been paid,and these persons disputed
the time when the law-took effect, and to have
recovered those duties would have required suits.
Suits were not commenced. On the 30th the
merchants took out their goods and continued to
pay the old duties until one o'clock, when the
collector stopped them and demanded the in-
creased duties, and then demanded the increased
duties on all who had paid tlmt day and the day
before. As it was likely to Wsate litigation and
trouble, and cause great injustice, as the Senate
can readily see, the matter has been suspended
from that time to this. A joint resolution was
. passed by the House of Representatives fixing
the time when the law shall take effect, but we
have not acted upon it heie on account of the dis-
pute as to bonded goods. It was deemed best,
therefore, to insert this provision here.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will permit me
to ask, what is the difference in this particular
between that joint resolution and his amendment ?
Mr. SHERMAN. None whatever. The res-
olution I reported the other day excluded the
30th and this excludes the 30th.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose most of the
duties are paid in the city of New York; but if
the principle is to be adopted which tiiis amend-
ment establishes I do not know why it should
not be extended to San Francisco and to all the
cities of the Union where any dutiesare to be col-
lected, that until they were notified that this law
had passed they were only to pay according to
the law as it stood before the passage of thisjoint
resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that they had the same notice in San Francisco
that they had in New York. On the 30th d tel-
egraphic dispatch could be and was sent, I think,
to every port inJ.he United States, with the ex-
ception of New Orleans.
Mr. BPiOWN." 1 will state to the Senator that
there is a case in point in regard to New Orleans.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; butwe leavetliat
to Go provided for by future legislation. At any
rate, we could not provide for it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But is that punciple to be
established ? Is that to be the opeiation of laws ?
Are they to take effect when ihe parties to be op-
erated upon by them receive notice of their pas-
sage? If so, a law of Congress will take effect
one day in San Francisco and another day in
Washington, one day in New York and another
day in St. Louis. Many of the laws of Congress
are not telegraphed immediately. I question very
much whether the passage of this law wasknown
in San Francisco at the same hour it was in New
York; probably not until the next day. Iamnot
informed about that. The Senator from Ohio
speaks as if he knew that they were informed
when they were paying duties in San Francisco
on the 30th day of April. They may have paid
duties on the 1st or 2d day of May in San Fran-
cisco under the old law.
Mr. JOHNSON. They did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are to pay accord-
ing to this new resolution whether they knew it or
not. It seems to me a proposition based upon
tho time of receiving notice of the law in the city
of N^w York is establishing a very bad precedent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think you are mistaken as
to the effect of this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the effect of
this amendment to be that the law is not to take
effect until after the 30th of April.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then there is no increase
of duty until after the 30th.
Mr. TRUMBULL. True; but what ia therea-
son for the passage of this law that it shall not
take effect until after the 30th day of AprilJ The
avowed reason and the only reason is that parties
in the city of New York who paid duties on the
30th day of April did not know of the passage of
that joint resolution. If that be a good reason in
the city of New York it is a good reason in San
Francisco, in the city of New Orleans, or in any
other city in the Union if when they paid their
duties they did not know of the passage of that
joint resolution. We thereby establish a princi-
ple that parties are not to be bound by a law until
they know of its existence. It would render the
time when laws were to go into effect entirely un-
certsin. I suppose most of the dutiesare paid in
the city of New York,
Mr. JOHNSON. I misunderstood .the Senator.
The Senator, I suppose,.desires that the resolu-
tion temporarily increasing the duties on imports
should go into effect on the 29th, and then the
additional duties would be imposed everywhere
upon parties whether they had a knowledge of
its passage or not.
There were two questions about which there
was a difference between ihe Secretary of the
Treasury and the importeis under that resolution.
The first was whether itembraced goods in bond,
which is not before us now, and the other was
at what time it became a law. The Secretary of
the Treasury supposed, or those who acted there
under his supposed order thought, it went into
effect on Ihe 29ihsthat being the day upon which
in fact it was approved by the President, and as
there is no fraction of a day counted it included
the whole of the day. Tho importers thought,
and pei haps they had legal ground for so think-
ing, that in a case of this description fractions of
a day can be counted, and that it would not go
into effect therefore until it was actually approved
by the President, and as the Piesident did not
approve it on the 29th until after the business
hours at the custom-house had passed by, the im-
porter had a light to pay under the old tariff.
Then the House of Representatives have passed
a resolution, and in that respect the amendment of
my fiiend from Ohio con-forms to the view taken
by the House, that under all the circumstances
it ouglitnot to be considered as taking effect until
after the 30th.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The 1st day of May.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the 1st day ofMay;
but the 30th falling on Saturday, it would be the
2d of May. Now, so far as notice is concerned,
if notice is deemed to be necessary, as the House
think it is, and as under all the circumstances it
seems to me to be, as you must fix some time
within which you are to presume that notice was
given, if you make the bill operative ouly-on the
2d of May theie will be plenty of time in San
Francisco to have heard of it. They would huyp
heard of it by the telegram of the 29th. U taHes
only a few hours generally to send dispatch
from heie to San Fiancisco. I?) San Francisco,
if the lines are in orders and they generally are
in order, they have ',he lyjwsof the morning here
in their evening papers and always jiave them in
the papers of the ensuing morning.. ,
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator perhaps may
not be aware that they get the' dispatch jn Cali-
fornia before it starts from New York. , If the
lines are all up, and you send, a dispatch.. from
New York, they get it, by their time in Califor-
nia, four hours before it starts from. New York.
Mr. JOHNSON, They get it during the-day.
Mr. POMEROY. They get it, by. tlkeirtime,
before it is sent. In my own State, when I am
at home, I get a telegraphic dispatch M hour and
a half.before it leaves New York; that is to'say,
an hour and a half earlier by our time than it is
in New York. . ' -
Mr. JOHNSON. You are always ahead of
us in everything.
Mr. POMEROY. These dispatches to San
Francisco get tfcere, by their time, before they
start from New York.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know that; but this par-
ticular dispatch could not be sent from.here until
the bill was passed and approved, and the bill,was
not passed and approved until the evening of the
29th; so that if it was sent on at once they got it
on the 30th; there is no doubt about that.
Now there are some reasons, it seems tome, to
show that itis but just that the view taken by the
House of Representatives and the view taken by
my friend from Ohio is a proper one. The gen-
eral practice of the Government has been—it has
been uniform with the exception of the tariff act
to which the chairman of the committee referred
the other day, and which was not altogether an
exception, because the operation of that act Wfxn
postponed some two weeks, I think, from the date
of iis passage; but the general rule has been—with
the UnitedStates and with other commercial coun-
tries not to change the tariff so as to affect any
pending older. We are about to change that pol-
icy. Perhaps the importers had no right to sup-
pose that that policy would be changed at once,
and they therefore were under the impression that
they were to pay only the duties which were en-
forced on the 29th and 30th, and they have acted
in good faith.
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter has already
consumed a good deal of time; but 1 will repeat
the facts, so that Senators may decide for them-
selves.
This joint resolution was approved at seven
o'clock on the evening of the 29th of April. It was
not known in New York until the next morning,
and not official I y proclaimed in the custom-house
or acted upon until oneo'clockon the30th. The
Secretary of the Treasury held the law to have
taken effect on the 29th, and at one o'clock on the
30th lie telegraphed the collector to insist on the
payment of the increased rate of duties on all tho
goods that had been taken out of the warehouses
the day before and also on the 30th. Upon that
a dispute arose. These merchants contended that
as they had paid their duties they were entitled to
hold their goods free of any-further charge.
Then the question arose as to what time on the
30th the law should take effect, the Secretary in-
sisting that it should apply to the whole of that
day, although the collector had notofficial notice
of it until one o'clock, and some goods had been
taken out before that time, and other merchants
came in and insisted that they should have their
goodg also at the old rates. . As a matter of
course the Committee on Finance were desirous
of securing the money in the Treasury, but we
thought it was very hard indeed to enforce these-
increased duties on the 29th before the actual ap-
proval of the law.
Then the question arose, ought they not to be
enforced for the whole of Saturday the 30th ? As
some meichants had got their goods out on that
day before it was known, we thought on the wholq
it was better to except the 30th also from the
operation of the law, and have so reported. If
the Senate should think that the merchants ought
to pay the increased duties on Saturday thcSlkn,
1 have no objection; I shall bq very glad to retain
the money; but it does seem to me it would be
move just, equitable, and proper to allow them the
whole of the 30th to pay the old rate of duties.
These are the facts. Every Senator can judge
for himself and decide according to his sense of
I equity. I will'say to the Senate-there is no legal
i question ^'nvolvrd. There is no doubt that by
I law ihe resolution was in force on the 30th of
