46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
bill.
Mr. ASHLEY. If there be objection, I with-
draw my request.
SUTLIFF AND CASE.
Mr. SPAULDINGr introduced a bill for the
relief of Milo Sutliff and Levi H. Case; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
AMENDMENT OB THE VOLUNTEERS ACT.
Mr, KELLOGGr, of New York, introduced a
bill to amend the act entitled "An act to author-
ize the employment of volunteers to aid in the en-
forcement of the laws and to protect public prop-
erty,"approved July 22, 1861; which was read
a fir^t and second lime, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
THANKS TO ADMIRAL POUTER.
Mr. COX introduced a joint resolution, tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to Admiral Porter;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affaits.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on one of the appropriation bills.
On a division, there were—ayes GG, noes 17; no
quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.'
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sloan and
Steele, of New York, were appointed.
The motion was agreed to, the tellers having
reported—ayes 88, noes 30.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state ofthe Union, (Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, in the chair.)
PENSION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the President's
annual message.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay that aside, and
to take up House hill No. 33.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has that bill been made a
special order?
Tlio CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that it has not been made a special order, and it
is therefore open to general debate.
Mr. Stevens's motion was agreed to; and the
committee accordingly proceeded to the consid-
eration of bill of the House No. 33, making ap-
propriations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1865.
The bill was read through,andno amendments
were proposed.
Mr. STEVENS then moved that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee iose,and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee ofthe Whole on the
stale of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly bill of the
House No. 33, making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the Uni-
ted States for the year ending June 30, 1865, and
had directed him to report the same to the House
without amendment, and with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and rend
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular srder
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of States for resolutions.
VIRGINIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. i present certain papers in the contested-
election case from tine seventh congressional dis-
trict of Virginia, and move that they be referred
to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN E. BOOXICfNY.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced;! lull for the relief of John E. BouJigny;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
COASTWISE SLATE TRADE.
Mr. JULIAN, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to repeal portions of the act of
Congress, approved March 2,1807, relative to the
coastwise slave trade; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
WILLIAM C. WALKER AND OTHERS.
Mr. HOLMAN, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill for the relief of William
C. Walker and others; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
WAR RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SMITH submitted the following resolu-
tions, upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
1. Resolved, That as our country, and the very existence
of the best Government ever instituted by man, are imper-
iled by the most causeless and wicked rebellion that the
world has seen, and believing, as we do, that the only hope
of saving this countiy and pieserving this Government is
by the power of the sword, we are for the most vigorous
prosecution ot' the war until the Constitution and laws
shall be enforced and obeyed m all parts of the United
States; and to that end we oppose any armistice, or inter-
vention, or mediation, or proposition for peace, from any
quarter, so long as there shall be found a rebel in aims
against the Government; and we ignore all party names,
lines, and issues, and recognize but two parties in this war
—patriots and traitors.
j2. Revolved, That we hold it to be the duty of Congress
to pass all necessary bills to supply men and money, and
the duty ot the people to render every aid m their power
to the constituted authorities of the Government in the
crushing out of the rebellion, and in bringing the leaders
thereof to condign punishment.
3. Resolved, That our thanks are tendered to our soldiers
m the field foi their gallantry in defending and upholding
the flag of the Union, and defending the great principles
dear to eveiy Ameiiean patriot.
Mr. CRAVENS. Cannot we divide the res-
olutions?
The SPEAKER. There can be a separate
vote on their adoption.
Mr. GRIDER. Is it in oider to move that the
resolutions lie over and be printed?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the gentleman from
Kentucky having demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. W.J. ALLEN. Is it in order to amend the
resolutions?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the previous
question be voted down.
The House divided on the demand for the pre-
vious question, and there were-rayes 80, noes 6;
no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cole, of
California, and Bliss, were appointed.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the resolutions will
be again read,and then I think if the vote betaken
again there will be a quorum.
The resolutions were again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that there be a re-
count without tellers.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent. If there be no objection, the
Chair will again count the House.
No objection was made.
The House again divided, and there were—ayes
99, noes 12.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question Vas then ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN called for a division of the ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER stated that the question would
be on the adoption ofthe first resolution.
Mr.LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to cali the roil.
During the call,
Mr.MALLORY said: I rise to a pointof order.
The resolution on which the House is voting is
not the one that is called the first resolution by
the gentleman who introduced them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
by mistake the second resolution has been re-
ported by the Clerk instead ofthe first.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 raise the point of order that
| the first, though called a resolution, is really in
j the nature of a preamble, and should be voted on
I la«t.
The SPEAKER. It i3 not, however, a pre-
amble. it commences with the word " resolved."
■ Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose that the vote now
can only be set aside by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes there
can be no objection to setting aside the roll-call.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take the
responsibility of ordering the roll-call to be sus-
Cended, subject to the censure of the House if he
e wrong in doing so.
The Clerk reported the first resolution.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On that I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRAVENS. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. ANCONA. I renew it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 60, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Bliss, Brooks, Chanler, Clay, Coffroth,Cox,Cravens,
Dawson, Dennison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldndge, English,
Finek, Grider, Hall, Harding, Hamngton, Benjamin G.
Hairis, ClmrlcsM. Ilarns, Henick, William Johnson, Ker-
nan, King, Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Mc-
Dowell, McKinney, Middleton, William 11. Miller, James
It, Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James
S. Rollins, Ross, John B. Steele, Stiles, Strou'se, Stuart,
Sweat,Voorhees, Wadsworth, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Winfield, and Fernando Wood—60.
NAY'S—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blame,
Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Biandegee, Broomall, James S.
Brown, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thom-
as T. Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Dnggs,
Duniont,Eckley, Eliot, Faruswoitb, Fenton, Frank, Gan-
non, Garfield, Gooch, Gunnell, Griswold. Hale, Higby,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jolm H. Flubbard,
Ilulburd, Hutcbins, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Keiley. Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Lovejoy, Marvin,
McAllister, McBride, McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Mil-
ler, Mooihead, Morrill, Daniel Moins, Amos Myers, Leon-
ard Myers, Noiton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patter
son, Pcrham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William K. Randall,
Alexander 11. ltiee, Jolm H. Rice, Edwaid H. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers,
Spauldmg, Stebbins, Stevens, Thayer, Tiacy, Van Valk-
ertburgh, Ward, Elihu B. Washlmrne, William B. Wash-
burn, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom, and
Woodbndge—100.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. KELLEY stated that Mr. Starr was de-
tained at home, and had been for some days, by
serious illness.
Mr. STILES, (athalf past two o'clock, p. m.)
I move that the House do now adjourn; and on
that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
first resolution.
The yeas and nays were demanded, and or-
dered .
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Baily, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,
Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb,
Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawe««, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Drigg«, Dumont, Eck-
ley, Ehot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Gaifield, Gooch,
Gunnell, Hale, Iligby, Hoopei, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
llubbatd, John II. Hubbaid, Hulburd, Jenckes, Kasson,
Keiley, Francis W. KelJogg, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Long-
year, Lovejoy, Marvin, McAllister, McBride, McClurg,
Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Amos Myers, Leonaid Mvers, Norton, OdelJ,
Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Pefham, Pike, Pumeroy,
Priee, William II. Randall, Alexander H Rice, John H.
Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon,
Sloan, Smith, Smitbers, Spauldmg, Stevens, Thayer,
Tracy, Van Vulkenburgh, Elihu B. Washbutne, William
B. Wa«hbum, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wm-
dom, Woodbndge, and Yeaman—93.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Alien, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, Chanler, Coff-
roth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denni«on, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldridge, English, Fmck, Ganson, Grider, Griswold, Hall,
Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Han is. Herrick,
Hutrhins, William Johnson, Kernan, Knapp. Law, Le
Blond, Long, Mallory, Maicy, McDowell, MeKinney,Mid-
dleton, William II. Sillier, James II. Moras, Morilson,
Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins,
Ross. Scott, John B. Steele, William G, Steele, Stiles,
sumir, Voorbees, YVadswoith, Waid, Wheeler,
