1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47:
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield. and Fer-
nando Wood—65.
So the first resolution was adopted.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I ask for the reading of the rule which requires all
members who are in their seats to vote; and I call
the attention of the House to the fact that the
member fr<pn Indiana [Mr. Holman] has not
voted on this resolution.
The SPEAKER. The rule requires that all
members who are in their seats shall vote.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the Chair to enforce
the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot do that.
It is a matter for the House itself.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
The question recurred on the second resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 152, nay 1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Beaman,
Blaine, Bliss, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, Brooks,
Broomall, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Chanler,
Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Coffroth,
Cote, Cox, Cravens, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Dcnnison,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eekley, Edgerton, £1-
dridge, Eliot, English, Farnswortli, Fenton, Fmok, Fiank,
Ganson, Gaifiold,Gooch, Grider,Grinnell,Griswold, Hale,
Hull, Harding, Charles M. Harris, Ilerrick, Iligby, Ilolman,
Ilooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Ilubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Ilulburd, Huteluns, Jenckes, William Johnson, Ju-
lian, Kasson, Keiiey, Fianeis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kel-
logg, K<>rnati, King, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Loan,Love-
joy, Mallory, Marvin, McAllister, McBude, McCHng, Mc-
Indoo, McKitmey, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, William
II. Miller, Mooihead, Monill, Daniel Morris, James R.
Moin , Morrison. Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson,
Noble, Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill,Orth,
Patterson, Pcrhatn, Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Piice, Kadford,
Samuel J. Randall,William H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
John JI. Uice, Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rol-
lins, Schcnck, Seofield, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Smithers, Spaulding, Stebbms, John B. Steele,William G.
Steele, Stevens, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Thomas,
Tiacy, Van Vaikenbuigh, Wadsworth, Ward, Elihu B.
Wa^hhurno, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler,
Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,
Winlield, Woodbndge, and Yeaman—152.
NAY—Mr. Benjamin G. Harris—1.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. BLOW, not being within the bar when his
'name was called,asked leave to vote-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, would not
object now, but would in all future cases.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, moved that the reading
of the names be dispensed with.
Objection was made.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
The question recurred on the third resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 166, nay 1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Alley,
Allison, Ames, Aueona, Arnold, Ashley, Daily, Augustus C.
Baldwin, John L). Baldwin, Beaman, Blame, Bh*h, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyd, Biandugi'e, Biooks, Broomall, James S.
Brown, William G. Brown, Clianler, Ambrose W. Clark,
Freeman Claike, Clay, Cobb, CofTioth, Cole, Cox, Cravens,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Deming, Dcnnison,Dixon,Donnelly, Driggs,Dumont, Eek-
ley, Eden, Edgerton, Eldndge, Ehot, English, Farnswortli,
Funton, Finek, Frank, Ganson, Garfield, Gooeh, Grider,
Gunnell, Gilswold, Ilalc, Hall, Harding, Harrington,
Chailus M. Ilairis, Heruclc, Higby, Ilolman, Ilotehkiss,
Asahcl W. Ilubbaid, John H. Ilubbaid, Hulbuid, Hutehms,
Jenckes, William Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis
W Ktjlhigg, Otlando Kellogg, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law,
Lazem, Lo Blond, Loan, Long, Loncyear, Lovejoy. Mal-
lory, Maivin, MeAllistet, McBnde, MeClurg, McDowell,
Mcindoe, McKinney, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, Wil-
liam H. Miller, Mooihead, Monill, Daniel Morris, James R.
Morris, Moin&on, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson,
Noble, Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Otth,
Pattetson, Pendleton, Pcrham, Peuy, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,
kadfoid, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Alexan-
der II. Rice, John II. Rice, Robinson, Rogers, Edvvaid II.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Schenek, Scofield, Scott. Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spaulding, Stebbins, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart,
Sweat. Thayer, Thomas, Ttaey, Van Valkenburgh, Voor-
hecs, Wad&woith, Wnrd,Elihu B. Washbume, William B.
Washburn, Webster. Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,
Winlield, Fernando Wood, YVoodbridge, and Yedman—166.
NAY—Mi. Benjamin G. Harris—1.
So the resolution was adopted.
And then, on motion of Mr. COFFROTH, (at
twenty minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) tile
House adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 18, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Secretary, in the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent, called the Senate to order.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Secretary, in the absence of
the Vice President, I move that Hon. Solomon
FooT,ofVermont, be chosen Presidentpro tempore
of the Senate.
The Secretary put the motion, and it was agreed
to; and Mr. Foot took the chair.
T he Journal of yes terday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senate to excuse me
from further service on the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to know why
the Senator wishes to be excused. I hope the
Senator will consent to serve where his colleagues
have placed him.
Mr. GRIMES. I could assign numerous rea-
sons for desiring to be excused from service on
that committee; but I apprehend it is enough for
me to say that I am on two other committees, one
of which I know to be a very laborious and diffi-
cult committee, and of which I have the misfor-
tune to be chairman—the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia—which, I apprehend, has about
as many annoyances as any two committees in
the Senate. Then I had the fortune to be placed
on another committee, of which you, sir, [Mr.
Foot in the chair] are chairman. 1 do not know
how laborious that may be; but the two together
ate quite as much as 1 think I can attend to. 1
must, therefore, respectfully beg leave to decline
serving on the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his request for the present.
Mr. HARRIS. I really hope that the Senator
from Iowa will withdraw his request; or, if not,
that the Senate will decline to excuse him. We
all know the importance of that Senator serving
on that committee, and for one, I am quite un-
willing that he should leave the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I really desire that he should not
now be excused.
Mr. FOSTER. I suppose the practice has be-
come so well established in the Senate, to excuse
a gentleman who asks to be excused from a com-
mittee, that it almost amounts to a rule; atleast I
have not known it refused where the Senator has
persisted in requesting to be excused from service
on a committee. If, therefore, the honorable Sen
ator from Iowa.should peisist in asking to be ex-
cused, I suppose the Senate, exercising towards
him the courtesy which has been uniformly ex-
ercised towards other members,will excuse him.
I sincerely hope, however, that the Senator will
withdraw his request. I am persuaded that the
Senate would ask him to serve, almost as persist-
ently as he asks to be excused. If his labors on
other committees are so arduous as that he can-
not consistently with his own judgment perform
his appropriate duties on the Committee on Naval
Affairs, I, for one, deem his services on that com-
mittee so important that I would cheerfully ex-
cuse him from service on some other committee
rather than lose his services on that one; for I do
believe that his services on that committee are im-
portant to the interests of the Navy, and there-
fore highly important to the best interests of the
country.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, so much do I
regard the services of the Senator from Iowa on
the Committee on Naval Affairs, feeling as I do
that the country needs his services on that com-
mittee, that although it may be the rule of the
Senate to excuse a man from committee service
when he desires to be excused, I for one shall vote
not to excuse him; and I think the Senate will do
its duty in voting the same way.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall vote in strict conformity
to the sentiments so well expressed by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut. I feel every point that he
made in his remarks to be strictly and faithfully
true; and if the honorable Senator from Iowa de-
sires to be excused from service on the Naval
Committee, with the highest regard for him per-
sonalty and as a Senator, I shall vote in the
affirmative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Senate
ready for the question on excusing the Senator
from Iowa from further service an the Committee
on Naval "Affairs?
The question being put, there were, on a di~.
vision—ayes 21, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask for the yeas and
nags. There is a quorum present, I think*. 4 '
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY.
I think the best way to
extricate the Senate from this difficulty is for the
Senator from Iowa to comply with the universal
wish^of his colleagues, and withdraw his request,
at least for the present. I think his services on
that committee are important to thecountry; and,
with great respect to him, I say he has no right
to refuse to serve.
Mr. HALE. As I am chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs I do not know but that I
ought to say a word on the subject, and I shall say
honestly what 1 have to say upon it very briefly.
There is nobody on the committee on whom I have
uniformly relied with more confidence, or to whom
I have listened with more respect, than I have-to
the honorable Senator from Iowa; and although
we have not always agreed entirely in every sug-
gestion that he lias made, I know that his services
have been of very great importance, and 1 should
very much regret his loss to that committee. I
should regret it more at this session than I should
at any previous time, i think there is at present
great necessity for vigilance and reform in that
Department, and my duty compels me to say that
I think the Department is in a somewhat anom- '
alous condition. I know that some of the older
and best officers of the Navy feel it to be rather a
singular state of things that the acting and actual
Secretary, as his friends on this floor have some-
times called him, should be an officer no higher
than a passed midshipman. Rear admirals and
^distinguished officers feel that there is an incon-
gruity in that respect which is unpleasant. It
produces a state of things which requires a good
deal of forbearance and^judgment on the part of
the Legislature; and there is nobody in the Senate
certainly, in whom the Senate have more confi-
dence on naval matters than they have in the Sen-
ator from Iowa, and I shall regret his loss very
much indeed.
Mr. FOSTER. Hoping that we may arrive
at a result hereafter which will be more satisfac-
tory to us than I fear a vote at the present time
would be, I move that the decision of this ques-
tion be postponed until Tuesday next,
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to ask the Sen
ate to excuse me from service upon the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims. It happened to be
the pleasure of the Senate, on my first introduc-
tion into the Senate, to place mc upon the Com
mittee on Finance and the Committee on Nava^
Affairs. It occurred to me that it was my duty
to study those things that belonged to finance, so
far as they could be administered by Congress,
and to study our interests in connection with our
Navy, so far as they could be administered by
Congress. I am very much pleased with the
action of the Senate in placing me upon the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations at this session; but
all the studies 1 have heretofore bestowed on the
business of the Senate have been misbestowed,
for I applied myself to those subjects appropriated
to the committees to which I was assigned when
1 first took my place on this floor. Ithinkitabad
rule to change members from committee to com-
mittee; but so far as the Committee on Private
Land Claims is concerned, it is a matter with
which I do not wish to have anything to do, and
about which I know nothing. I hope the Senate
will excuse me from serving on that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California,
that he be excused from further service upon the
Committee on Private Land Claims of this body.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONNESS. I have a memorial to present
from the wine-growers of the State of California,
respectfully asking Congress to make a reduction
in the tax on native wines, the products of that
State. I ask that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Finance; and as it relates to a sub-
ject perhaps not generally understood here, I hope
the Senate will order it to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The memorial
