1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
. I will say at the outset that the committee at
the beginning of this session, after some discus-
sion, came to the conclusion to make no recom-
mendation of an increase of salary anywhere.
They have been'pressed from various quarters in
reference to both diplomatic and consular officers.
The Department of State had already come to the
same conclusion; and the Senate will bear in
mind that there has been during this session no
recommendation from that Department proposing
any increase in the salary of any of our foreign
representatives.
But while the committee concurred with the
Department in this consideration of economy,
they^ also united with the Department in the con-
clusion that where a change could be made with-
out an increase of salary, which would be ad-
vantageous to the country, there was no reason
against it. On the contrary, as in the present
case, there are strong reasons for it.
Belgium, though a small country on the map,
actually contains a population at this moment of
more than five millions. We are represented by
ministers plenipotentiary in several other coun-
tries where the population is but a million and a
half or two and a half millions. This is the case
in Chili and Peru. If we considered, therefore,
merely the question of population, there would
be an argument m favor of raising our mission
there.
But there is another consideration stronger
still. Nearly all other countr'es are represented
at Brussels by a minister plenipotentiary. I have
ill my hand a list which 1 have compiled out of
the last number of the Almanac de Gothn, from
which it appears that Brussels 
Mr. COLLAMER. Where have we minis-
ters plenipotentiary and envoys extraordinary
except at runs, London,and St. Petersburg?
Mr. SUM NEK. Also at Mud rid, Vienna,
Berlin, and Turin. I am speaking now of Europe.
Out of Europe, at Brazil, Chili, Peru, and Mex-
ico,
Mr. COLLA.MER, They aro not full ministers.
Mr. SUMN"KR. They aie envoys extiaordi-
nary and ministers plenipotentiary, which is what
wo familiarly call " full ministers/' There is a
difference in their salaries, but their character is
the same.
On an examination of the Jllmannc de Gotha it
appears that at Brussels, Turkey is represented
by an embassador, and the following countnes
by envoys extraordinary end ministers plenipo-
tentiary—1 road the list—Austria, lladen, Chili,
Spain, France, Great. Hritain, Hesse, the King of
Italy, Holland, Portugal, Prussia, and Russia;
and since the date of the almnnac, Nicaragua has
added a " full minister" to the list; but thu Umled
States Imvmg a more responsible position at that
court than almost any Power unless wo except
two or three of the leading Powers of Europe, is
represented there only by a minister resident.
I need not remind this Senate of the eminent
character of the present sovereign of Belgium, and
of his friendly disposition to our country. We
have put conhdence in him by selecting him on
more than one occasion as an arbiter between
ourselves and other Powers. I believe that there
is toward that sovereign on the part of our Gov-
enimentasentimentof unfeigned respect. It was
in view of these considerations, the character ami
importance of the kingdom itself, the grade of the
representatives o i other Powers at this court, and
the eminent position of the king, that the com-
mittoe were induced to make the recommendation
they do. It is not a compliment that is now pro-
posed, but a practical measure for the support of
our interests abroad, lint it need not be dis-
guised that there is no sovereign in Europe who,
on account of his age, wisdom, influence, arul
friendly temper toward us at a trying moment
of our recent history, might more fitly be ap-
proached ill the language of compliment.
Mr. F-kSSENDSN. I hope this amendment
will not be made. I see very evidently the diffi-
culties to follow from it. The rule generally is
to have ministers plenipotentiary at whatare called
the first-class Powers of Europe, and at the sec-
ond-class Powers not to have ministers of so high
a grade. I am not aware that any complaint has
been made by the King of the Belgians that we
have not a minister plenipotentiary there.
Mr. SUMNER. May i correct the Senator
right there >
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. It is perfectly understood
that the King of Belgium has expected a full min-
ister from us.
Mr. FOSTER. He sent us a full minister.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir; he sent us a full
minister. Belgium is represented at Washington
by an envoy extraordinary and minister plenipo-
tentiary, and one of the last requests made through
the late Administration was that we should be rep-
resented at Brussels by what is called a full min-
ister.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how that
comes to us. If it comes at. all, it should be by
a recommendation from the State Department,
stating the fact and recommending this increase
of grade. This idea of having an outside talk
with the Secretary ofState, and the chairman of
the committee having no direct and official com-
munication on the subject, is .not entirely satisfac-
tory to inc.
I know that Mr. Sanford, our minister to Bel-
gium, is a very accomplished gentleman,and has
rendered good service, and I dare say he is anx-
ious to have an increase of grade and rank; but
the result will be this, in my judgment: if we in-
crease the grade here we must increase itatllol-
land next, and then at Switzerland, and then some-
where else; and then it will be a vei y disagreeable
thing to consider that while one minister has one
salary another minister has another, and we shall
be compelled to equalize them. It will be said
that it will be making a distinction. We have
had specimens of that and difficulties enough of
that sort at home, and 1 hope we shall not'have
them abroad.
We lAve had no unfriendly relations with the
King of the Belgians on account of the fact that
we simply send him what is called a minister res-
ident. Foreign nations do not complain of our
system, as we choose to adopt it,that I am aware
of; and really, although it would be tci.itifyuig to
mr to accommodate all our ministers abroad both
with regard to rank and pay, so fur as they are indi-
vidually concerned, yet I think we had better not
begin to xrtsuelni piecedent m these times. That
is my judgment about it. I shall vote against the
amendment. The Senate can determine the ques-
tion for itself.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says tt is not
our habit to have a full minister except at what
is called a fn st-rlass Power. 1 luue nlieady men-
tioned that we have a full minister at Mexico,
Chili, and P em. I may mention nlso that we have
a full minister at Berlin, where, notoi musly, there
is very little to be done: at Vienna, where Ihere is
very little to be done; at Turin, wheie there is
very little to be done, except to express that con-
stant sympathy which we feel for the cause of
Italy, whatever form it may take.
But the Senator says if we begin now at Brus-
sels, the next proposition will be for a full minis-
ter at the Hague. How so? The diffeienee be-
tween the Hague and Brussels is very great.
Brussels is a central position on the very high-
way of Europe, more in the line of travel than
any other place on the Continent except Paris.
It is second in that respect only to Paris. The
population of Belgium is eminently commercial,
and has large interests m connection with our
coiintiy beyond those of Holland.
I have already said that the Government of Bel-
gium has shown for us a peculiar friendship—I
would rather say the king; but the king is the rep-
resentative of the Government.
Bi't there is another fact which ought to be
mentioned; the Government ofBelgium had reason
to suppose that we would send a full minister there
when they sent one to Washington. It is always
understood that there should be a certain reci-
procity m this respect, and on this occasion it had
been made the subject of a special request on the
part of that Government. I believe the King of
Belgium has too much sense to be unfriendly to
us, as the Senator from Maine suggests, because
we are represented there only by a minister resi-
dent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
where he gets the evidence in regard to any spe-
cial request by the King of the Bdlgians on the
subject?
Mr. SUMNER. From the Department ofState*. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have it '
in an official form.
Mr SUMNER. I do not know that in former
discussions we ever had such comments
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am inclined to think it
was communicated by the minister himself to the
Secretary ofState who wants to have his salary
raised, mid that is about all the evidence there is
of it.
Mr. SUMNER. The incident to which I re-
fer 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will under-
stand me as not doubting at all bis statement
about the matter, but as wanting sufficient evi-
dence of it in an official form.
Mr. SUMNER. I was remarking that the com-
ments of the Senator seem to be unusual. The
subject was one that was carefully considered by
the Committee on Foreign Relations several weeks
before the minister of Belgium reached thiscoun-
try, and the conclusion of the committee was
reached entirely independent of any suggestion
from him, direct or indirect, according to the best
of my information.
Mr. FOSTER. If this amendment involved
an additional appropriation of money, I think I
should not vote for it. The suggestion of the
honoiable chairman of the Committee on Finance
is that, although it does not involve an additional
appropriation now, it will soon do so; because it
will introduce an anomaly into our legislation
as to the salaries of ministers of the same grade
abroad, and there will be a claim made tlmt sal-
aries shall be equalized, and that every envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary shall
receive as high pay as the highest: becay*o
never equalize downwards, but always upwards.
I do not think, looking at existing facts, that there
is anything in that suggestion of the honorable
Senator which ought to ileter us from iriaking this
amendment; andif we cast our eyes at the dif-
ference in salaries which envoys extraordinary
and ministers plenipotentiary abroad now receive
we shall be s.iiisfied thtre is not. For instance,
the salary of our minister at the court of St.
James is $17,500; the same salary is paid to our
envoy oxtraoidmary and minister plenipoten-
tiary at Paris; and while we also have an envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary at the
court of Russia, he is paid but $13,000. So our
minister to Spain, who is an envo^ extraordinary
and minister plenipotentiary, is paid but $12,000.
"Our minister at Ytonna, who is also an envoy ex-
liaordinm y and minister plenipotentiary, receives
but $12,000, awl so on; and this has been the case
now for very many years. I do not think, with
those facts before us, that this claim, to which the
Senator alludes, will be of much force.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I will ask the Senator if
there is o.ne minister plenipotentiary abroad now
who receives less than $12,000?
Mr. FOSTER. 1 believe not.
Mr. ANTHONY. The minister to Peru re-
ceives $10,000, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I am speaking of Eu-
rope.
Mr. FOSTER. I supposed the Senator meant
in Europe. I believe all who are envoys extraor-
dinary and ministers plenipotentiary there receive
at least, #12,000, while oil this continent some re-
ceive $10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The lowest is §10,000,
on this continent.
Mr, FOSTER, The inequality of salary, how
ever, is an established fact, assented to, agreed
to,and lias been for years. It cannot,therefore!
bo urged against this amendment that it will lay
the foundation for making an increase of salaries
to produce equality. If, we raise the grade, and
at the same tune say that it shall not increase the
salary, there is an expression of opinion decidedly
and positively against an increase, and there will
be no danger hereafter of such an increase unless
there should be good reason for it; and if here-
after there should be good leason for it, there
may be a change; but without good reason 1 do
not believe there will be.
There are manifestly strong reasons, potent
and patent, why tiie grade of this minister should
be raised enough certainly to make it desirable if
we can do it without expense, and perhaps even
if we could not. Itdoesnot involve a dollar from
the Treasury; and as regards future appropria-
tions, X do not believe any increase will be made,
and certainly will not be made unless thete shall
be a necessity for it, because it is not ail estab-
