20?G
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,-
rebels took up arms against the Federal Govern-
ment. It is almost as old as ihe Government it-
self. More than thirty years ago it assumed a
form which but for the patriotism, ability, and
firm resolution of the man then in the presidential
chair to preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States, and faithfully to dis-
charge the duties of the high trust which millions
of freemen Jmd committed to his charge, would
have_devolved upon the generation which has
preceded us the duties and responsibilities which
we are now called upon to meet. It is equally a
mistake to suppose that the agitation of the ques-
tion of slavery lias produced this contest. The
content ia older than the agitation. It has been
going on ever since two antagonistic states of
society commenced existence under our repub-
lican form of government, each striving for de-
velopment and the mastery. I do not believe that
any intelligent and reflecting man has ever be-
lieved that these two antagonistic states of so-
ciety would or could continue to exist perma-
nently under the same Government. In the early
days of the Republic the leading men of both
sections of the country looked forward to the time
when it should be peacefully, and with the con-
sent of all parties, abolished. When the leading
men of the South came to look upon the institu-
tion as essential to their prosperity, and to desire
its permanence, they at the same time began to
look forward to a dissolution of the Union. The
remark of Mr. Calhoun to Commodore Stuart,
made more than fifty years ago, is precisely to
this point. He said:
"That we are essentially aristocratic I cannot deny,but
we can ami doymld much to democracy. This ia ourscc-
tioual policy; wo are from necessity thrown upon and
solemnly wedded to that party, however it may occasion-
ally clabli wiiU our U-ellnga, ibr the conservation of our in-
t^re-t*. It Is through onr affiliations with that parly in the
middle ami western States tiiat we hold power; but when
we cea-o thus to eomrol <hU nation, through a dlyjomtftd
democracy, or any material obstacle in th.it party should
tend 10 throw us out of that rule und control, we shall then
resort to the dissolution of the Uuion."
Mr. Calhoun went on to say that:
"The eonijHomises in the Constitution, under the cir-
cumstance:*, were sufficient ibr our fathers, but under the
nituicd condition of ourcountiy from that period leave to
the South no resource but dissolution, fin no amendment
to the Comstitution can be reached under the threc-foui ths
rule."
Mr. Calhoun believed the compromises of the
Constitution to be sufficient to secure what its
authors, the fathers of the Republic, desired and
intended—the temporary existence of the institu-
tion of slavery—but not suited to the altered con-
dition of tlie country when the permanent ex-
istence of slavery was deemed essential to the
prosperity of his section, and, seeing that no
amendment could be made to that instrument
which would afford that security, he and his dis-
ciples wedded themselves to the Democratic party,
and determined to stake the existence of their coun-
try on the success of that party and their ability
to control it. When a tariff was passed,and the
Jaw enforced which in his opinion favored the
development and growth of tho free institutions of
the Noi th—beneficial to free society, and therefore
prejudicial to slave society—he and his associates
threatened nullification, and when, in 1860, his
followers saw a 41 disjointed democracy," and
their u power to control the nation'* pass away,
they attempted dissolution or destruction of the
Government.
When nullification had been crushed, General
Jackson, seeing that the cause of the conflict be-
tween-the two sections of the country had not
beeen removed, said:
"The tariff wag only the pretext, and disunion and n
southern confedeiacy the real object. The next pretext
will be the negro or slavery question."
He felt that he had but prevented for (he time
being a contest which would be sure to break out
again. Nullification did not go far enough to af-
furd an opportunity to destroy us cause. Seces-
sion has not only afforded the opportunity, but
made it both a duty and a necessity, if we desire
to uphold and maintain the Government. Prob-
ably the time has been when every member of
this House who desired to Ree his country rid of
the institution of slavery has believed that its
abolition could and would be peacefully accom-
plished; that by placing the Federal Government
nrmly ou the side of freedom and preventing- the
extension of slavery into new territory U < ould i
be left to each of the States to determine the :ime
and the mode of emancipation; knowing that al-
though the time might be distant, still the day
would come when the moral and material forces
of every State would array themselves against it
and secure its destruction. I believe now that
such would have been the result had not slavery
itself willed it otherwise. When it proved itself
to be so antagonistic to the great fundamental
principles of the Government which must and
would be carried out in its administration; when
it found free society, which it regarded as iis en-
emy, making a far more rapid growth and devel-
opment than slave society could possibly attain;
when it found itself far outstripped in everything
which can contribute to the happiness, wealth,
and power of a people by its rival; when it found
that five million people in the South could no
longer rule and dictate law to twenty million
people in the North, instead of being willing to
assume that position in the Government which
belonged to it, it determined upon the immediate
destruction of the Government which it had so
long controlled. The day and the hour which
Mr. Calhoun hud so long ago foretold had come.
Slavery in making war upon the Government has
staked its existence on the issue, and if the Gov-
ernment wine slavery must die. It has said that
it could not and would not live under such a Gov-
ernment, and it must be taken at its word; and
while our jurisdiction over every inch of our ter-
ritory must be made good, that institution which
has made itself so hostile to all the great princi-
ples of our Government that it has iUtempted its
overthrow and sought its destruction must not
find a place in it.
i have said that the contest in which we are
now engaged has been going on ever since the
beginning of the Government. But its character
has been changed from a contest of ideas, of moral
and political forces, to aco'ntestof arms. That
which would have been accomplished slowly,
gradually, and peacefully by the working of moral
and material forces, is now being done suddenly
and violently by contending armies. The whirl-
wind and the tornado are the instrumentalities of
an all-wise God not less than the gentle breeze
and the summer shower, and perhaps it is little
less presumptuous for us to question the instru-
mentality in the one case than in the other. Still,
when the agency of man is so directly involved
as it is m the scenes which are now going on
about us, we cannot help feeling and asking how
far is he responsible for that which is.
The contest between slavery and freedom, be-
tween slave institutions and free institutions un-
der the same Government, was inevitable, and no
man or organization of men now living are re-
sponsible Ibr it; it is like the conflict between
truth and falsehood, between right and wrong;
a conflict which must and will go on until truth
and right shall conquer. The men who have sup-
posed that they could stop men's thinking and
talking about slavery and freedom, or that by
stopping them the conflict would end, are as wise
as those men who stop their ears in a thunder
storm that they may not be struck by lightning.
The only question which we have ever had any
power over is, what shall be the form of that con-
flict? Shall it be peace or war, logic or arms?
The slaveholders, knowing that they would meet
with no resistance from the Administration of
James Buchanan, decided in favor of arms, and
hence the bloody contest in which we are now en-
gaged. Had that Administration the power to have
prevented the change of the contest? 1 believe it
had. I believe that there was power enotigh in
the Government, properly administered, to have
crushed this rebellion in the very bud. Had An-
drew Jackson and James Buchanan but changed
places and James Buchanan been in the presiden-
tial chair when General Jackson was there, John
C. Calhoun, instead of beingan extinguished nul-
lifier, would have been President for a time of a
so-called southern confederacy; and had General
Jackson been in the presidential chair when James
Buchanan was thete, Jefferson Davis would to-
day be an extinguished secessionist instead of
president of the so-called southern confederacy,
carrying on war against his Government, and
shedding the blood of hundreds of thousands of
loyal men. That thing happened which no one
of the framcrs of the Constitution, or any other
loyal man, ever supposed could happen. The
man who had been chosen by millions of freemen
to preside over the destinies of the nation, who
had sworn to preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution of his country, basely betrayed his
trust, consorted with traitors, consented to and
connived at the destruction and overthrow of the
Government; and during the long months that
treason openly made its hostile preparation and
avowed its purposes, not only took no step for
its suppression, but kept in his Cabinet a Secre-
tary of War who remained until he had stolen
everything worth stealing, and then transferred it
and himself to hisfellow-conspirators; and a Sec-
retary of the Navy who sent every vessel of war
to the most distant ports of the world that they
might be beyond the reach of the incoming Ad-
ministration, and where they could render no ser-
vice to the Government, who remained to the close
and retired with his master amidst the contempt
of all loyal men.
Slavery having found itself unable to contend
with the moral and material forces opposed to it
has appealed to arms. Now let arms decide the'
contest. Heretofore it has been freedom or sla-
very, the moral and material forces of the world
contending. Now it is freedom or slavery, the
armies of the loyal people of the country on one
side, and the armies of the traitors on the other,
contending. By no men is this truth so fully
realized as by the men in the field, those actively
engaged in the contest. I care not what their
opinion may have been before the war, you can
hardly find an officer or a soldier who has ren-
dered service on the battle-field who does not
most heartily agree to this.
The people of the North have not made this
issue. We have not had the power to make it.
it was made by the rebels, and we have been
obliged to accept it. We have foolishly tried on
more than one occasion to change it, but have
found it impossible to do so. They hold us to
the issue they have made. The Government and
slavery cannot permanently exist together. Sla-
very detoands the destruction of the Government
to secure its own permanent existence, and the
Government, to save its life, must destroy slavery. -
It would be simply an act of folly for us to recognize
any government established in any of the seceded
States as loyal, and entitled to a status in the
Union, which did notprovide in the terms of this
bill that " involuntary servitude is forever pro-
hibited, and the freedom of all persons is guaran-
tied in said State." 1 know that there have been
many and are still some men who are exceedingly
desirous that we should fight a shadow instead
of the real enemy of the Government,'and they
can look on with the utmost composure and satis-
faction at any blow aimed at the shadow; nay,
more, they will even assist iri the stroke, but when
you strike at the real enemy they will howl as
though they themselves were hit. We hear from
these men when we propose to adopt vigorous
measures for replenishing our armies and giving
to our noble volunteers who have so long borne
the dangers and hardships of the field replenished
ranks that they may march forth to muet the
enemy with hope of success; we hear from them
when the President proposes to exercise the right-
ful belligerent power of declaring the slaves of *
the enemy free; we hear from them when it is
proposed that colored men shall be admitted into
the service of their country and affored an op-
portunity to fight for a Government which they
are willing to shed their blood to defend; we
hear fiom them when the President pioposes to
aid and assist in the reconstruction of a truly loyal
State government in a rebel State, one that can
be trusted; we hear from them when the Con-
gress of the United States proposes to lend its
power to aid in the construction of loyal govern-
ments in rebel States; we hear from them when
our armies meet with defeat in the field, but they
are dumb when loyal men rejoice in victory.
Their watchword is 44 unconstitutionality," and
their great fear is that the rebellion will meet with
some unconstitutional injury or detriment, where-
by its power to prolong its existence may be
diminished. They wish no.act done until the
Supreme Court, after due deliberation, has de-
cided that the act to be done is constitutional-
They seem to think that the great object aq^l pur-
pose of our fathers in framing the Constitution
was to see to it thatnothing of harm should come
to the human chattels and real estate of those
