3046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
wentto the custom-houses and inquired of the col-
lectors with respect to this law that they read
about in the newspapers as having passed both
Houses of Congress a day or two before. The
collector told them that he had no official notice
of the fact,and therefore was not authorized to
receive the new duties, and did not require them,
to pay them. He did rightly; he ought not to
have received them. But, sir, after half pastone
o'clock the merchantsin New York, Boston,and
Philadelphia did pay theirduties,and if you adopt
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio in its
length and breadth you not only relieve the mer-
chants whom it is sought to relieve from their
duty payments prior to half past one o'clock on
Saturday, b^tt you will require the Government
to refund eVery dollar of the duty that they re-
ceived in the afternoon of that day. Where is
the propriety of that? Upon what principle can
that be excused or remitted? You will excuse
the payment of these duties before half past one
o'clock on Saturday, because the merchants had
not knowledge of the fact. They had sufficient
notice to put them on inquiry.
Mr, SUMNER. And they were put on in-
quiry. They went to the collector, and the col-
lector said he would receive only under the old
law.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Exactly, He would qjaly
receive under that law then; and if their eyes and
cars were open had they not then an opportunity
of suving themselves from the effect of this law?
A notice of that kind would be sufficient in any
court of justice, in any case at law, under any
circumstances sufficient to put the party upon
inquiry. But after, half past one o'clock on Sat-
urday, when the question had been settled be-
tween the parties and the Government, you are
asked now to relieve them from the effect of that
payment and that settlement,, and to return to
them, for aught I know, hundreds of thousands of
dollars which they paid under'the law, which
they were satisfied with, and which they ex-
pected to pay. If you are going to relieve the
merchants from the consequences of this act and
thrir want of knowledge this exemption should
not extend beyond the period of half past one
o'clock on the 30th of April, so far as regards these
three cities; and then by the same principle of
equality you should settle with the merchants of
every other city in this Union up to the time and
period when they had notice of the existence of
this law. Why, sir, the wisdom and experience
of ages have established the soundness of the
principle that when an act is passed and becomes
tt law it is the duty of the citizen to take notice
of K, and he must abide by and be bound by it.
Mr, POWELL. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio. I do not thinkitcomportswith the dignity
and the honor of any Government to exercise these
sharp practices upon its business people. I was
opposed originally to the passage of the joint reso-
lution under which these duties were collected.
1 shall oppose any and every proposition opera-
ting upon the business people of this country, un-
less they shall have notice of the law and of the
time at which it is to take effect. Every Govern-
ment legislating upon the business of the country
should act in such a manner as to allow all the
persons engaged in the business affected to have
notice of the law. Common honesty toward the
citizen demands that. The passing of a law and
having it to operate upon the business men of the
country before it is known that it is the law is
wrong morally; it is wrong in every aspect of the
case. Why, sir, itis a kind of sharp practice that
would barely be tolerated by garhblers and. busi-
ness sharpers.
Sir, I would exempt the merchants of New
York, Baltimore, and Philadelphia who have gone
forward in good fuith from the operation of this
law. When the agents of the Government did
not know that it was the law how could they ex-
pect the people throughout the country to know
it? When they went forward and paid their du-
ties, first demanding of the proper officer if the
duties had been changed and he received their
money, he himself not knowing that the law had
been changed, is it right that we should collect
double duties from them? In my judgment it
would be dishonest, and I would give my coun-
tenance to no act of my Government that I thought
was dishonest; and 1 think it would disgrace any
businessman of respectability in the country to
so act with his correspondents and business^
friends.
The honorable Senator from New Jersey says
thateverybody should know the law. How could
they know the law unless it was promulged?
How cQuld the business men of New York or of
any other city know that this law took effect on
the 29th day of April when it was approved at
seven o'clock in the evening of that day after all
business was over? It is utterly impossible that
they should. Would you exact this money from
them on Saturday the 30th? It was only pro-
mulged to them at one o'clock on that day, when
nearly all the business of the day was over.
I will not only vote for this amendment, but I
would vote to remit to any merchant this 50 per
cent, ifhe paid it without noticeof thepassageof
thatjoint resolution after he paid the duty under the
law of 1862. I do not care who he was,because
the presumption is if this law had been promulged
in such a manner as to cause it to be operative
upon the citizen, the law officers of the Govern-
ment would know it. If the merchant in Salem,
to whom the Senator from Massachusetts referred,
paid the old duties on the 2d day of May, I would
notallow him to pay overagain. If themerchants
of San Francisco, on the 5th day of May, should
pay to the officers of the Government there the
duties under the law of ]862,1 would ask nothing
more from them. The Senator from New Jersey
must know that the people cannot know that laws
are passed until they arc promulged. He must
know that this Government have a great interest
in the matter, and the Secretary of the Treasury
seems to act with the greatest vigilance and
promptitude, and if his collectors did notknowit
how could he expect tiie people to know it ?
' Mr. TEN EYCK. At half pastone on Satur-
day they did know it.
Mr.POWELL. Suppose they did. You col-
lected from thorn under t4ie operation of this law
the day previous. I would refund all that they
paid without notice of the law. Why, sir, this
kind of practice would place us before the com-
mercial world with that infamy with which Cal-
igula lias been handed down, for causing his laws
to be written in small letters and placed on high
pillars, so that his people could not read his de-
crees.
Mr. CONNESS. X suppose it would be very
difficult in this matter to establish a*ru!e which
would provide for refunding the duties paid pfior
to the notice being given m every case. That
would really be the just rule; but 1 suppose itis
impracticable if not impossible to be established;
and therefore I think the proposition made by
the Senator from Ohio is the nearest approxima-
tion To justice both to the Government and to the
merchant that we can adopt. I am very much
surprised at the views expressed by the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey, who always holds
the scales with so even a hand. Indeed, in hia
discussion of this little matter it did not appear
to my mind from hearing the honorable gen-
tleman that he supposed there was such a place
as the city of San Francisco in the United States
of America.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I could not have failed to
know it, at least since the Senator has taken his
seat on this door.
Mr. CONNESS. If the honorable Senator had
such notification as that, and then ignored it, he
is in the position of those that are very deaf sim-
ply because they will not hear. Does my friend
find any justice in a law which has provided no-
tice to ihe merchant in the city of New York and
not provided notice to the merchant at the city of
San Francisco, and is he unwilling to admit such
a slight extension of time as will enable us to
avail ourselves of the erection of the trans-conti-
nental telegraph? Surely the rapidity with which,
with whatever disabilities or accidents may occur
from time to time, news is transmitted across the
continent should be allowed us.
1 hope, sir, that the amendment proposed by
my honorable friend from Illinois will not obtain; |
but that time will be given until Monday after the }
passage of the act, as it is, as 1 before observed,
impracticable to fix a period at which each person !
should have notice, or the collector in each city |
of the Union should have notice. I hope that the :
amendment now pending will not obtain. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have a vote. |
The PRESIDING OFFICEPv, (Mr. Antho-
ny.) The question is on the amendment to the
amendment.
Theamendmenttotheamendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will offeranotheramend-
ment to the amendment. I move to strike outall
of the first-proposed amendment after the word
"until" in the words " after the 30th day of
April, 1864, and shall," and to insert u the per-
son paying such increased duty had noticeof the
passage of the resolution imposing the same."
Mr. JOHNSON. It seems to me that the hon-
orable member from Illinois has disregarded a
provision of the Constitution which directs that
ail duties shall be uniform. You can make no
discrimination in favor of one port or one man
over another port or another man. The effect of
his amendment now proposed is that if an im-
porter in Baltimore had a cargo of goods which
arrived on the 30th of April, and he had notice
of the increased duty, he would pay one rate,
and if an importer of precisely the same kind of
goods had a cargo arriving on the 30th at New
York and he had not notice, he would pay another
rate. Now, I appeal to the honorable member to
reflect for a moment if a provision such'as he
proposes will not conflict with the restraint upon
Congress in the Constitution. It seems to me to
be very evident; and it is more strikingly to be
illustrated by supposing the two cases of Balti-
more and San Francisco; the whole is under one
Government. The Constitution provides that
upon all importations there shall be uniformity
of taxation as far as the imposts are concerned.
San Francisco is to pay just as much as Balti-
more, and Baltimore of course is not to pay more
than San Francisco; but according to the amend-
ment of the honorable member if a merchant in
Baltimore imported upon the "30th of April a
cargo of $100,000 of any one commodity, to sim-
plify the illustration, he would pay the increased
duty of 50 per cent., and the merchant in San
Francisco who imported into San Francisco on
the 30th precisely the same commodity to the
amount of $100,000 would pay only the duty
imposed by the act before the increase Of 50 per"
cent. That would literally be a tax upon knowl-
edge. My merchant would be made to pay 50
per cent, more because he knew, when the mer-
chant in San Francisco would not be made to pay
because he did not know. Knowledge in the one
case, therefore, leads to the additional taxation;
ignorance in the other case exempts from it.
Ignorance, therefore, is bliss.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
that is not the precise ground on which the Sena-
tor from Maryland has been advocating the prop-
osition that has been before the Senate to-night.
Has he not been contending here that by reason
of the ignorance of the passage of this law when
it was a law, these parties should be exempted?
Has it not been the basis of the argument of the
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Mary-
land, and did he not contend in alongspeech here
that because they did not know m the city of New
York of the passage of the joint resolution, and
were ignorant of it, therefore they were to be
exempted ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then ignorance was bliss,
was it?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly it was.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Then act consistently, and
let ignorance be bliss still, if that is to be the ar-
gument.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ignorance on many occa-
sions is bliss. I have felt that often.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems ignorance is
bliss when it suits the purpose of the honorable
Senator from Maryland. When it does not, thert
it is anything but bliss.
Mr. JOHNSON". The honorable Senator en-
tirely misunderstands me, and he misunderstands,
I think, those with whom it is my pleasure to
concur. We have said that the additional tax
should not be imposed until there was knowledge,
or until a time had elapsed when there might be
knowledge; but nobody has said that you must
make the tax which each importer is to pay de-
pend upon the fact of each importer having knowl-
edge that the increased duty had been imposed.
You must select a time; that is all; and selecting
a time, then there is no conflict with the prohibi-
