1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
lished rule with us to pay all envoys extraordi-
nary and ministers plenipotentiary the same sal-
ary; and that not being by any means the existing
usage, I trust this will be allowed to pass as an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr.President, the King of
the Belgians is our best friend among ail the sov-
ereigns of Europe; and although he rules over a
very small territory he is personally, perhaps, the
most influential sovereign upon the Continent. I
suppose that more sovereignsconsult the King of
the Belgians than consult any other foreign poten-
tate. At the time that nearly all Europe was banded
against us the King of the Belgians exerted his
great personal influence in our favor. At the time
when most of the aristocracy of England were
against us, but when the Crown ofEngland was
aiieast friendly to us, the influence that produced
that was owing in a large degree to the King of
the Belgians, who went from his capital person-
ally to consult with the sovereign of England upon
our affairs. At the time of the Trent affair the
diplomatic correspondence which was laid on our
tables showed the very great interest he felt upon
our side, and the very great services he rendered
to us. It would be a compliment to him to send
him a full minister, as he has sent a full minister
to us; and he asked us to send a full minister to
him during the administration of Mr. Buchanan.
It involves no sort of expense; and 1 hope the
Senate will not refuse this act of courtesy to the
best friend we have on the other side of thewnter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I regarded this, or if I
was satisfied that it could be put on the ground of
courtesy to the King of the Belgians, and thought
he asked foi it, I should not object to it; but I
have no belief in any such thing, because every-
body admits that he is a man of good sense. If
it is our system to send ministers of a particular
class to particular courts, do you suppose, sir,
does anybody suppose, that the King of the Bel-
gians takes exceptions to it and plants himself
upon such trifling in regard to it? Why, sir, he
has continued friendly to us through ail this. We
have not heard that he was unfriendly because we
had nota ministerplenipotentiary there instead of
a ministui resident.
He is a man of high character. He is over sev-
enty years of age, and I do not know how near he
istoeighty. Ho probably will notlive long. How
do we know what the next king will be there?
We cannot tell. We are establishing a precedent;
we are making a minister plenipotentiary at that
particular place, and we should not do it with ref-
erence to a mere temporary consideration of an in-
dividual, unless we are satisfied that there is feel-
ing on the subject, about which I have no sort of
conviction, because the matter looks to me alto-
gether too trifling.
Sir, I believe it is a mere matter for the gratifi-
cation of the minister himself, and nothing more
nor less than that. The salary is of no consequence
to him. He js agentleman of fortune. He would
rather be there as minister without any salary
than not be there in a diplomatic capacity. We
all understand that. It would be very agreeable
to him to be calied minister plenipotentiary; and
the question is whether wc shall raise the rank at
that place merely for the sake of gratifying him.
The very lowest salary we have now for any min-
ister plenipotentiary in Europe is $12,000, and
here will be an anomalous minister with a salary
of $7,500, a minister of the h'ghest grade with a
low salary, lower by several thousand dollars than
anybody else of that grade. The result will be
that if he does not apply for an increase his suc-
cessor will.
Mr. SUMNER. We will not give it to him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. IIow do we know that?
Wo shall have the argument then about his con-
dition; that he represents us at a friendly court,
and that it is abominable and outrageous to keep
him there with this low salary. We shall raise
his salary, and we shall not only do that, but we
shall increase the rank of the whole of them. This
eternal seeking of an increase of grade and in-
crease of pay by almost every officer we have is
getting to be infinitely disgusting, and, to my mind,
the best way would be to call him back, and send
somebody there who would not make a fuss about
it. He was anxious enough to go therewith the
salary we gave. He sought after the office; he
desiied it; he got it; and now let him be content
with it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has said in a
very determined way that this proposition is made
for the personal gratification of the minister.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said I believed it to
be so.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator believes so.
Now, sir, i believe it to be made for the efficiency
of the minister there, not for his personal gratifi-
cation. I believe that that was the reason on which
the committee recommended it, and the reason
also on which it had the support of the Secretary
of State—bccause it would promote the efficiency
of our minister at that court. If the court had
been an inconsiderable one, if the sovereign were
a person with whom we were not in friendly rela-
tions, and whose good-will we had not special oc-
casion to covet, there might be no occasion per-
haps for such a proposition. But looking at things
as they are, regarding them in a practical light,
considering the character of the country and of its
sovereign, I say that the interests of our country
will be better represented at that court by a full
minister than by one of an inferior grade.
If, when wo raise this mission, it shall be also
a personal gratification to the actual minister, I
know not that there can be any objection to it on
that account. He has served the country well.
But it is not, as I have said, for his personal grati-
fication that any such proposition as is now be-
fore the Senate is presented. It is for the public
good, because, in the view of the committee, it
seemed best that we should be represented at that
court by a full minister rather than by an in-
ferior one.
Sir, the Senate has intrusted the preparation of
a certain part of its business to a committee of
this body. When the Senator from Maine speaks
on a question of finance we all listen to him with
respect, and it is rarely that we differ from him;
but that Senator certainly cannot expect that the
Senate will follow him implicitly when he speaks
on other matters which have been given to the
discretion of other committees of this body. This
proposition has been carefully considered by the
committee of the Senate having such matters in
charge, and in the cxercise of their best judgment,
gathering light from all quarters, from other
branches of the Government, they have thought it
best to make the recommendation that they have.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts whether Mr. San-
ford negotiated the recent treaty about the Scheldt
dues by which we agiced to pay §500,000 to re-
lieve our merchants from the payment of certain
duties.
Mr. SUMNER. He did.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I have only this to
say: that if we must make such treaties with the
King of the Belgians to keep him on terms of
friendship with us, and if we must in addition
raise our minister there to a minister plenipoten-
tiary, it is rather an expensive friendship. 1 do
not think any more foolish treaty has been made
for several years than the one to which I refer—
a treaty which is now the law of the land and must
be executed, by which we give over half a mil-
lion dollars in gold to relieve our merchants from
the payment of certain duties, transferring that
burden fiom them to the people of the United
States, already borne down with taxes. If that is
a specimen of Mr. Sanford's capacity to manage
the affairs of our nation, I must confess it falls
below my standard of his ability. I have great
respect for him and his ability. 1 have read agreat
many of his letters. They are very voluminous
and very well written; but I must confess that
this specimen of his management of our foreign
affairs does not add very much to my opinion of
his capacity to act as a minister resident.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make one re-
mark m all good-nature in reply to what fell from
the Senator from Massachusetts. I do not ex-
pert the Senate or any Senator to follow me im-
plicitly upon the bills which I present from the
Committee on Finance. I make it a point, I be-
lieve, of carefully explaining everything to the
Senate that needs explanation to the best of my
ability, and then if the Senate choose to take the
views of the committee that 1 represent, very well.
But, sir, I do not therefore feel myself precluded
absolutely from debating propositions that come
even from so high an authority as the Committee
on Foreign Relations. 1 must take care of my
bills or the bills which I have the honor to intro-
duce herefrom the Committee on Finance.to at
certain extent; but if a proposition is made/whicft
does not meet my judgment, 1 suppose I fiavej^fist
as much liberty to express ray opinion ontfiataiS'
any other gentleman. ' « ~ *
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. I think thereto* *
ator could not have understood me as suggesting
anything to the contrary. I alwayslisteh to tftatr '
Senator with the greatest pleasure. He alwfcys
speaks to the poin t, and, though I sometimes have?
the misfortune to differ from him, I always ad-"*
mire the skill with which he presents his views."
On this occasion I did think that he pressed very
assiduously at least his opposition to a measure
which had been carefully considered by the com-
mittee which I Jiave the honor to represent on.
this floor.
Now, one word, if the Senator from Ohio will
pardon me, with regard to what has fallen from
him. He has alluded to the treaty which has al-
ready been ratified in this Senate, but which the
Senator knows very well has not yet been divulged
to the country. I cannot, therefore, consistently
with the rules of this Senate, follow that Senator
on this occasion in vindication of%that treaty. It
is not before the Senate in open session, and can-
not be until the ratifications have been exchanged;'
and yet the Senator alludes to what has passed in
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made noreference, not the
slightest, to what occurred in executive session.
It is the law of the land now.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
not until the ratifications are exchanged.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps not formally.
Mr. SUMNER. The ratifications are not yet
exchanged, and it will not be prbclaimed by the
President until those ratifications are exchanged.
1 say, therefore, I cannot fojlow the Senator by
considering on this occasion the character of that
treaty which he has characterized as foolish. Suf-
fice it to say, it is a treaty which has already been
ratified by two thirds of this body after a very
careful consideration. I think the Senator went
far when he used such positive language with re-
gard to such an act of the Senate of which he is a
member.
But he went still further when he undertook to
hold Mr. Sanford peculiarly responsible for that
negotiation. Sir, that negotiation was conducted
under directions from the Department of State, and
our minister at Brussels did nothing but apply
and ingeniously carry forward those instructions.
Read the papers which have been confidentially
before this body, and I think you will admit the
skill and ability with which our minister con-
ducted himself on thatoccasion; and yet the Sen-
ator from Ohio says that if that is to be taken as
a specimen of the way in which he represents us
abroad he is not disposed to raise him to a higher
grade. Sir, I find no evidence to sustain that sar-
casm of the Senator. If I were to go into a con-
sideration of that treaty, and of the way in which
the negotiation was conducted, I should find oc-
casion for compliment, and not of sarcasm. I
believe, on account of that treaty, Mr. Sanford
deserves well of the country. I believe under the
circumstances it was a treaty fit to be made, and
in no sense obnoxious to the severe remark which
has fallen from the Senator from Ohio.
But, sir, 1 am unwilling to be betrayed into this
discussion. It is out of order, and I should like
to bring the Senate back to the precise point at
issue: whether they will authorize the President
to raise our mission at Brussels or not, when it
is considered that they do it, according to the
proposition now pending, without any additional
expense.
Mr. SHERMAN. I treated the treaty when
ratified by the Senate as the law of the land; and
I think we ought so to regard it. Perhaps I am
mistaken in regarding it as the law of the land
until the ratifications are exchanged. On that
point I may be in error. I do not wish to say a
word of what occurred in executive session of the
Senate, nor did I. I merely spoke of the publfc
law.
In regard to Mr. Sanford, I know him person-
ally, and have no objection to him. I do object
to that treaty; and wheneverit is published as the
law of the land I shall perhaps frequently remind
the Senator of that treaty ana the terms of it; but
I will not make any further allusion to it until it
has been formally and fully exchanged.
