1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
though my opposition to the civil power of the
Government has been so strong, still I have not
allowed myself to forget that there is also amili-
taiy power upon the efficiency and force of which
our nation's safety greatly depends. Acting upon
this conviction, I have ever felt it to be my duty
to stand by the citizens whom the people have
invested for a season with the administration of
affairs in all the lawful and necessary measures
proposed by them for the increase of the num-
bers and efficiency of our military forces, for their
payment and support, and for the suppression of
this rebellion against the IJnion and the Consti-
tution. I have never withheld my voice or my vote
for men, or money, or means to this end. And
although the Administration has been guilty of
many acts which I believed to be wrong in prin-
ciple and almost fatally so in practice, although
much of its policy has appeared to be madly sui-
cidal, neither have 1 felt it to be in a line with
my duty to cripple them in the conduct of the
war, even though their errors were certain to be
repeated. On the contrary, I have never devi-
ated from the course I maiked out for myself in
the beginning; and have supported every meas-
ure intended to make our military and naval
strength adequate to the necessities of our great
emergency, and have placed in the hand of the
authorities whatsoever was necessary to the prose-
cution of the war with vigor and success. At the
same time, in common with thegreataud patriotic
ffarty with which I have the honor to act, I have
reserved the right to hold the Administration re-
sponsible for the right and lawful use of the means
thus intrusted to them, and accountable for the
perversion of the war from its legitimate objects.
And I shall, therefore, not hesitate to exercise
my duty as a free citizen to criticise with frank-
ness and even severity, but still with candor,
such of their acts as I believe to be pregnant with
injurious consequences to the country, and to de-
nounce with all the energy at my command what
I conceive to be their dangerous and unwarrant-
able intrusions arid usurpations upon our free
institutions. In this spirit I am obliged, Mr.
Speaker, to raise my voice in earnest remon-
strance against the policy marked out by the party
ill powei'in relation to confiscation, to an amnesty,
and to the destruction or suspension of the ex-
istence of States.
On the subject of confiscation I have already
011 this floor expressed myself folly on a former
occasion, and further reflection has confirmed me
in the convictions to which 1 then gave utterance.
I remain opposed, more earnestly and inflexibly
than ever, to any sweeping act of confiscation
which seizes on the property of men, unaccused,
unheard, without trial, and by whole descriptions
and populations. I am opposed to it because I
believe it to be contrary to our organic law, and
because, being so, itis intrinsically tyrannical and
oppressive, for "where law ends tyranny begins."
I am opposed because it is an incitement to and a
premium upon rapacity at the expense of misery
and distress beyond our ability to imagine. But
if my opposition is so strong against a confisca-
tion of life estates, infinitely greater is my detest-
ation and contempt for the man who would intro-
duce the barbarous and inhuman proposition to
entail the penalty of a parent's transgressions
upon his innocent offspring, upon helpless wo-
man, upon budding childhood, upon guileless in-
fancy, upon the child unborn! It is a horubie
proposition! Itis more rigorous than the pun-
ishment of murder, for the family of the most
brutal murderer when he is convicted and exe-
cuted are notdespoiledofhispropertyandeffects.
In this case the whole family is punished for the
crime of the individual; and when the father is
condemned his wife and children are reduced to
beg their bread. It makes political death a greater
punishment than natural death, since in the lat-
ter the property of the criminal passes to his chil-
dren, while by the former his innocentfamilyare
robbed of their lawful inheritance.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, is full of evil, oppres-
sion, and inhumanity, and sweeps like a hurri-
cane over a whole population. Against this in-
human atrocity, then, which is now proposed I
lift my voice in indignant protest, it has in it
no touch of human sympathy or pity. It is ma-
lignant, spiteful, diabolical. It has "a devil's
purpose" without being redeemed by anything
of an " angel's face." And if we aie guilty of
it I cannot believe that it will propitiate the Al-
mighty to smile upon our cause, but rather fear
that it will lead Him to-pronounce upon us the
dread sentence, " With what measure ye mete'it
shall be measured to you again." I wash my
hands of the enormity—the crime against God
and against human nature.
My opinions with reference to the mockery of
an amnesty which the President has promulgated
in the proclamation annexed to his last message
are equally- decided. I characterize it as a "mock-
ery, and so the President seems to have regarded
it, for he defended it in advance by the remark,
" True, the form of an oath is given, but no man
is forced to take it." Can it be possible that the
President did not perceive that the oath which ho
prescribed as the condition precedent to his am-
nesty was of a nature to defeat the very object of
the amnesty? that the terms of the oath were
such as struck down all motive to a return to loy-
alty, by making such return involve the destruc-
tion of their property and thus made it their in-
terest to remain in rebellion ?
But, sir, my objection to the President's proc-
lamation of amnesty proceeds from something
higher than the fact that it is an unsubstantial
mockery and defeats its own ends. I object to it
because the President has no right to declare a gen-
eral amnesty; or, if he had, the terms in which it
is conceived are without any strain of mercy or
generosity, and without any inducement to those
to whom it is addressed.
1 am aware that the President declares in the
portion of his message which is excusatory of
his proclamation that "the Constitution author-
izes the Executive to grant or withhold the par-
don athis own absolute discretion." But precise-
ly upon this point I respectfully take issue with
lnm. The language of the Constitution (article
two, section one) is: " He [the President] shall
have power to grant reprieves and pardons for
offenses against the United States." That is to
say, when a man has been tried for an offense
against the United States, found guilty, and con-
demned by regular established process of law,
the President shall have power to reprieve or
pardon him. But he has no right to declare a
man free from the consequences of his acts be-
fore he shall have been tried, convicted,and con-
demned. Arid if he exercises such alleged right
he excceds his power; he causes the executive_to
usurp upon the province of the legislative, while
at the same time the reprieve or pardon thus
granted would be utterly void and of no effect,
it is a usurpation upon the legislative power,
because all the provisions entering into a general
bill of amnesty are necessarily and solely legis-
lative in their nature. And such was the opinion
of the men who formed our Government. In the
preliminary stipulations to the treaty of peace
with Great Britain in 1783 Congress enacted and
agreed
"That there shall lie no future confiscations made nor
any pioseeturons commenced ag.un*t any per&on or per-
son* for or by reason ot the pait wlncli lie or they may
have taken in the present war; and that no person shall
on that account sutler any fulure loss or damage, either in
his person, liberty, or property , ami that those who maybe
in confinement on Mich eiiaifre^ at the time ot the ratifica-
tion ot' the tieaty in America shall be immediately set at
iibeny, and the prosecutions so commenced shall be dis-
continued."
This, Mr. Speaker, was both a legitimate and
a real amnesty. But the President's amnesty
lacks all the full and free generosity and magna-
nimity which characterized the amnesty offered
to the malignantTories of the Revolution by our
forefathers. The one is full oflife and human sym-
pathy; the other is cold, emotionless, without
any trace of pity or compassion. The one was
the product of the Republic in its best and purest
days; the other comes fiom the present Admin-
istration.
But, Mr. Speaker, the President, as if conscious
of the weakness of hrs case in this particular,
cites the confiscation acts as giving him authority
to extend pardon and amnesty to persons who
have participated m this rebellion. But, sir, he
couples with his amnesty conditions thatare vio-
lative of the law he cites as hisauthority,and de-
structive of the rights of personsand of States
conditions which neither tffe President had a light
to impose nor Congress to give him the power
ofiequiiin^.
A few words, Mr. Speaker, upon the Presi-
dent's plan, and the bill under consideration to
" reestablish" State governments in the iiisur-,,
rectionary portions" (if the Union, It does'ftot,
command my approbation, either by what I con-
ceive to be its resd design or by its avowed ob-j
jects. It is not a statesmanlike plan, buta crude
and visionary experiment, not calculated & lessen,
our embarrassments, but certain to add to' thera;
It is not a statesmanlike measure havmgfOrits'
object the composition and settlement of o'ur na-
tional difficulties, but it is k-'pofiticarart£fitfe.,Jh-
tended to have a bearing upon the coming presi-
dential, election. It is a plan wKich can only;
result in a nominal resumption of th'e' relations"
between these States and tbe Union. The oper-
ation of this scheme would be, by a political
fiction, to bring back the whole State into appar-
ent but unreal relation with the Union, enable it,
or the fragment acting in its name, to. elect United
States Senators, and by protended elections to
send its full complement of Representatives to the
House of Representatives. And here the Presi-
dent's design -is perfectly evident, to sccure a
majority of the delegates to the nominating con-
vention of his party, and to provide for his own
election by the House of Representatives in. the
eventof there not being an election by the people.
By this plan the narrow foothold maintained l>y
our armies in North Caiolina, Louisiana, Texas,
Alabama, Florida, Arkansas, and elsewhere may
send the pretended full delegations of those Stajfes
to this House. Mr. Speaker, I denominate the
whole plan a political trick worthy of the most
adroit and unscrupulous wire-puller of our ward
primary meetings.
But, Mr. Speaker, this plan to "reestablish
State governments is based on the assumption
that they have been destroyed. This, sir, I deny 5
nor cat! they be destroyed unless the rebels are
finally victorious, and establish their independ-
ence. If a foreign enemy should invade us, drive
out our forces, seize and occupy New Jersey or
Massachusetts, governing them in the meanwhile
by their authorities and laws, those States would
still exist, and our laws and constitutions, though
temporarily obstructed, would yet be held to have
a theoretical course in them. And the instant
the invaders were driven off the States would re-
sume their old relations, our laws would flow
into their old channels), and all would go on as
before, without a single act of legislation on the
part of the General Government. And precisely
similar is the case with those States now held
by a domestic enemy; the States still exist; our
laws and constitutions still have theoretical sway
there; our authority has been merely suspended
and our mutual relations interrupted by a public
enemy 111 armed insurrection against the Union.
The moment this enemy is overcome, and where
ever he is overcome and driven out, our old rela-
tions will be instantaneously resumed, and the
laws of the Federal Union will again operate as
if there had been no interruption. Yes, Mr.
Speaker, all the States, the rebellious as well as
the loyal, are all within the unbroken pale of the
Union. Sir, that is the very question at issue be-
tween us and the rebels; they declare that the
Union is finally and irretrievably dissolved, and
we declare that it is not, and, so help us Heaven,
shall not be so broken and disrupted. For this
we are fighting. For this we are encountering
unheard-of expense, making the most wonderful
preparations, and marshaling our heroic soldiers
under their gallant leaders. And ifGod blessesus
with wise rulers and decisive victories, this is what
will be at length established. No, there is no
authority given the President to declare any State
out of the Union that was ever in it. So long as
the Constitution lasts the union of the several
States lasts; arid although the power of an enemy
may lop off one or more States, and forcibly sever
the Constitution, we have no authority to do
what only the overpowering act of an enemy can
do, or to admit that it is done until we have been
finally beaten in the field, and retire from the con-
test ingloriously beaten. We may beutterlyde-
stroyed by a superior power, State after State
"might be overrun, our capital might be captured
and destroyed, but in such a case only can our
Constitution be torn in fragments or our Union
destroyed. When we have absolutely^succumbed
to the power of an enemy, all our institutions will
crumble into one fatal ruin, anil ourglorious dem-
aeintrc Republic be consolidated into the kingdom
of a tyrant. But till this happens our Union and
