m 3.
THE CONGRESSIONAL £LOBE.
provision of the Constitution of the United States
is exclusive; that that having required an oath to
support the Constitution, po other oath can be re-
quired of the party, and nothing beyond that. If
that is true in reference to Senators and Repre-
sentatives, it is true in reference to " members of
the several State Legislatures and all executive
and judicial officers, both of the United States and
of the several States," because it is precisely the
same language, in the very same words, that re-
quires an oath-to support this Constitution that
applies to judicial officers, to members of State
Legislatures, and to all officers of the States. But,
sir, from the foundation of this Government it has
been the practice to require from members of our
State Legislatures an oath to support the consti-
tution of their respective States. It has been the
practice, from the foundation of the Government,
to require an oath, in addition to that to support
the Constitution of the United States, from the
judges not only of the State courts, but of the
United States courts; and the very first Chief Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court of the United States who
was ever appointed, and every Chief Justice and
every associate justice from 1789, when the First
Congress met and organized the judiciary depart-
ment, to this day, has taken an oath not only to
support the Constitution of the United States, but
to administer justice fairly and equally to the poor
and the rich. The form of the oath is given in the
statute of 1789, and has been taken by every jus-
tice of the Supreme Court from that day to the
present. If we can require no other oath than
simply an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States from a Senator or Representative,
neither can we require any other oath from any
of the officers throughout the United States, State
or national; and that would be a change of the prac-
tice of the Government from its very foundation.
Sir, the very object of the statute passed, if I
recollect aright; in 1862, was to keep from this
body traitors in armsagainst the Government. I
voted for that act upon consideration, and I voted
for it for the very purpose of preventing the men
whose hands are covered with the blood of our
citizens, in attempting to destroy this Govern-
ment, from coming and taking a seat here, reek-
ing all over with treason and blood. I do not want
the Toombses and Wigfails and Davises to come
here as representatives, and, on swearing to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, to take
seats in this body; and I claim the right, as one
of the representatives of the States of this Union,
to say they never should have seats here; and the
Constitution gives them no rightto seats here; and
1 would prescribe the oath of allegiance to them.
I would rcquiie them to swear that they had not
been engaged in this red-handed rebellion, and if
they swore they had not when they had, I would,
under that statute, convict them of perjury, in
case they should be pardoned for their treason.
These, sir, are the reasons why I thought there
was no necessity for the reference of this propo-
sition, and certainly a reference, with such in-
structions as these, 1 think would be setting a new
precedent in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I was culled
for a moment out of my seat when this resolution
was taken up, so that I had not the advantage of
hearing what was said by the Senator from Dela-
ware who began the discussion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will state to the Snnator
from Massachusetts, that I offered a substitute to
the proposition he has presented, and then moved
that the proposed rule and substitute be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I have read the substitute
offered by the Senator. The question for the Sen-
ate, as I understand it, is whether the rule which
I had the honor of proposing, shall be referred to
the Judiciary Committee for consideration and
report thereupon. The reasons assigned for the
reference are twofold: first, that the act of Con-
gress which the rule undertakes to carry out, is
unconstitutional; and, secondly, assuming that it
may be constitutional, that it is^not applicable to
Senators. Now, I ask Senators, who on this floor
entertains any doubt on either of those questions?
Is there any Senator who is not ready at this mo-
ment to vote on uhe question of the constitution-
ality of that act of Congress? The Senate in
passing the act has already given its opinion upon
its constitutionality. Is there any Senator who
is not ready to vote at this moment on the ques-
tion whether or not that act of Congress is appli-
cable to Senators and members of the House'of
Representatives? I doubt if there is any single
Senator who needs any light on this question. I
doubt if there is any one who has a particle of
doubt upon it. There are Senators, I dare say,
who have already made up their minds that the
act is not constitutional, or that it is not applicable
to members of this body; and there are other Sena-
tors who have made up their minds just the con-
trary; but I ask if there is any Senator who will
confess any real doubt on the question. Some few
may be one way, and others may be the other
way. But whether one way or the other way,
their minds are made up.
What, then, are we to gain by a reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary ? A committee of
this body, according to familiar language, is in
the nature of " eyes and cars." Its duty is to see
and hear for the Senate, and to obtaininformation
which may affect the opinion of Senators; but is
it possible that any report of that committee,
learned as it is, and justly entitled to confidence,
will affect the opinion of a single Senator on this
subject? I believe that every Senator now present
is just at this moment as competent to decide on
this rule as he will be when the committee has
made its report. If the rule were one that entered
into details, or if it were not perfectly simple, so
that he who runs may read and understand it,
then there might be occasion for a reference to a
committee. There are matters which are proper
for a committee; there are others on which the
labors and report of a committee are essential.
But this is not the case always. Tnereare mat-
ters on which a committee is not needed; and per-
mit me to say, this is one of them.
But even if the rule had something of doubt
upon its face—which it has not—Senators cannot
forget that it has already been amply discussed in
this body. During the called session it under-
went a protracted debate, which is spread over
several columns of the Globe, and'not a single
objection has been started by learned Senators to-
day which was not started then, and answered.
It was then objected that the act of Congiess was
unconstitutional. It was also objected that the
act was not applicable to Senators; and yet in the
face of those objections, pressed with no small
pertinacity, the oath was taken by the Presiding
Officer, and it was administered by him to other
Senators. Do Senators now propose to go back
on their past conduct? Will they disparage or
condemn what was then doner Are they going
by their present conduct to declare that their Pre-
siding Officer, who, in their presence, took that
oath, and then administered it to Senators, went
through a vain ceremony, superfluous at least,
under the act of Congress, even if it were not un-
constitutional? I think not.
There can be then no occasion for this reference.
On the contrary, there is occasion for action. I
believe that every moment that this Senate delays,
or that it doubts on a question like this, is inju-
rious to the best interests of the country. I can-
not doubt that it belongs to us to set an example
of patriotism and of alacrity in the support of the
laws which we ourselves have enacted. How can
we expect promptitude from others, if we our-
selves hesitate? It is not here that dilatory prop-
ositions should be brought forward against the
enforcement of an act of Congress passed to carry
out the loyal sentiments of the people.
The cry from every quarter is for the' 'vigorous
prosecution of the war." Senators are not soldiers
in the field; but they have civic duties not less
important then those of the field. But how can
we expect soldiers to strike the enemy promptly
in the field, if Senators do not strike disloyalists
promptly, especially in the Senate. For weal or
woe, we are an example to the country. Delay
here will be an apology for delay elsewhere. Alac-
rity here will help quicken the pulses of the peo-
ple everywhere; aye, sir, it will quicken the pulses
of our generals and soldiers in camp.
Mr. CLARK. I do not propose to go into the
discussion of the general merits of the question;
but I want to call the attention of the Senate to
the precise question now before the Senate, as I
understand it.
I do not understand that the Senator from Del-
aware proposes to refer this rule with instructions
to the Committee on the Judiciary. He proposes
to strike out the ruIeeftUrcly*andto inserta sub-
stitute. If then the rule be stricken but alid tte
substitute adopted, the rule passes away frorn'the
Senate, andit is the substitute on which tfre'Seh'$t&
acts. The substituted simply to direct the \Ja-
dietary Committee to inquire as to two question#.
They are to inquire on those questions' Bridge-
port, and when they have made their', report, he ii
the one way or.the other, we'-shall have
before us. We shall have no rule updrt WhieRxo
act, even if their report is favorable toHfre ridoptidjl
of the rule. The whole proceedingmustfbe'goa^
into de novo." The Senator from Massachusetts;
or some other Senator* may then bring\ri
again. The adoption, therefore, of the substitute
proposed by the Senator from Delaware, as I un-
derstand it, effectually kills the object of the Sen?
ator from Massachusetts. The proposition istnot
to refer the rule to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, but to refer a substitute directing them to -
inquire so and so. If we want to refer the rule,
we must reject the substitute. The proposition
is not to refer the whole.
Mr. BAYARD. It ought to be.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator says it ought to
be. I am only calling the attention of the Senate
to what it is. Perhaps the gentleman from Del-
aware [Mr. Saulsbury] meant to refer the whole
question, to refer the rule with instructions; but
that is not his motion. It is to adopt a substitute
and refer two questions to the committee. It
seems to me, therefore, that we must vote down
the substitute, whatever may be our opinions in
regard to the rule.
And now, while I am up, I will say that I do
not see any benefit to be derived from referring
this rule, because, with all deference to the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard,] he will be
heard in the Senate, and the discussion Will go
on. Whatever may be the report of that com-
mittee, one way or the other—the committee may
reportpro or con.—still the discussion must go on
in the Senate afterwards. Can we gain anything1
in time? May we not as well have the discussion
now as at any other time ? We may be disposed
to postpone it, or if the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] who is supposed to be affected by
it, has any particular object to be stated tQ the
Senate, there may be a reason for its reference;
but I do not see any now.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I did not in-
tend, and I do not now intend, to enter into any
discussion of this question; though perhaps (
am the only Senator who will be personally af-
fected at all by the operation of the rule. Some
remarks have been made, however, that seem to
be founded in an oversight of what has occurred,
and therefore 1 wish the facts to be placed rightly
before the Senate.
The proposition, as I understand it, is to refer
the rule, together with the proposed substitute, to
the Committee on the Judiciary. Is not that the
ordinary course of legislative action on grave ques-
tions ? Senators may choose to assume that these
matters are very clear; that all the Senate have
considered both these questions and made up their
minds about them, and that therefore it would be
idle to have a reference of the subject. Sir, that
is an extraordinary mode of objection on the facts
connected with this matter.
The law referred to was passed on the 2d of
July, 1862. It went into effect on that day. At
the last session of the Senate of the United States,
Mr. Field, of New Jersey, Mr. Wall, of New
Jersey, and Mr. Arnold, of Rhode Island,all took
their seats without reference to that law or the
oath it prescribes, and held them, without a word
from any Senator, or any objection in connection
with it, until the end of their respective terms.
At the organization of the Senate at the present
Congiess, Senators were admitted to their seats
and sworn m without reference to it. The question
was raised afterwards by the Seriator from Mas-
sachusetts. So far from there being a five days'
debate upon it, when that question was first raised*
I made a proposition to postpone it until the pres-
ent session on account of what I considered to be
thegravity ofthequestionsmvolved,bothofwhieh
I stated would have to be decided, declining to
argue them then, I stated that that being a special
session of the Senate, it could not necessarily be
thoroughly considered and decided; that there
were many new members who were ctected but
were not yet in attendance, who had the right of
decision on the question just as much as thoso
