#2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB,
who were in attendance and had formerly been
members, mid I thought, therefore, it would be
wiser and better to wait until the present session
of the Senate to decide the question. On the suc-
ceeding day only—[ think the succeeding day cer-
tainly, and no more—the debate was cut short by
a proposition under which the motion for the rule
was withdrawn and the voluntary action of Sen-
ators who were present taken. I was not present.
1 only saw the report in reference to it. By vol-
untary action they took the oath. That they had
u rioht to do. But the question
whether it was obligatory, whether, m other
words, it included members of Congress, and
whether, if it included them, it was within the
constitutional power of Congress to pass such a
L\w, wasicpytainly not passed upon by the Senate.
Considei inti the action of the Senate, therefore,
m < •!]> , liui-!- distinct im nibers of thus body
' v ui ir .-sf.j(\ i lono; peiiods of time, who
\m-iv w i: in ii i he law as mm. h as any member can
be now; considei in<j a No us action tn not making
such a_<p)esoou during the whole of tile last ses-
sion of the Senate, and waiving as it did, by vol-
unfary agreement, any decision of thu question
t\t the commencement of thecalled session, I took
it for gran fed that the Senate thought the question
had heit'-r he dectded at some subsequent time,
ir hematite ui < 11 y inconsequence of any mem-
oei di'i-JuHi'i; n. take the oath. That is tilt; state
"I >hi' i.ici> [ he optnions of gentlemen may be
made up upon it, but 11 cannot be that every mem-
ber of 1111n body ,experLiiiy the Senators who have
taken their seats only at thisteim, have made up
their minds on questions like thin. My own con-
viction ts made up, and it is because it is made up,
and made up as the i< .suit of in ventilation, that i
am unwilling, without a decision of the Senate,
vohininiily to take thatouth.
I am perfectly nwuie that tbeie are many men
— w<mni fiom paiiisan ft elmi', .s<mie fiom peisomt!
distmst, oi what you will — who will suppose
that it is want of j>.iti iotism in me, and that I will
not take that oath because my acts and conduct
would not (>ctniu me to take it. fcsir, I should be
Sol ry that any iv^pe< (able man .should so judge
ot me. I think my past life and conduct ought
to be a sufficient answer to that. But 1 can say
without hesitriino) ib,it, b minx my views of the
daiiijeroufN unomsiitutionahty of the law,! could
tyke that oath without a moment*-? heNitufion as
readily as any member of tins body. That is all
I have to say or mean to a ay in reference to that
part of the subject.
The Senate <an decide for themselves whether
they choose tn lclVr ihi.s matter, which is tlie or-
dinal y course ol action on questions oi' this kind,
or whether they choose to precipitate action by'
reqmring the debate to -o ,m w ithont any refc t-
encc to or re|ioit from a coninuitie on (|ii."stions,
one of which is eeilmnly now rae-ed loi the first
time, and the other was uu^i il and decided iti
terms hy toe s.autie ovi r si\Iy years tt"0, ao'ain.-u
the law of IfeGJ. In trims, the Semite, in thecase
ot Hlnum's impeachment, on a resolution, pio-
pounded hy those \\ ho lavored the sustaining; oi
the impeachment, that a Senator is a civil officer
uittlei the United ,Stales,d< eidcd that In-was not
by a vote of 14 to IJ.
•Mr. AlcDOUUALli. I tm.st tljj^ matter may {
he leieiTed 11, tin ( o nun it tee on the Judiciary; for i
i Know ol no nioie i;ia\e mailer that can conic !
hefU! o 1 he >Sc n a t e t ha n the question which IX now I
meueiited 10 us. il has heen fKscussed,u istttle, i
before; but Willi" 1 have wlml I mnj;ht call my !
own com ictioii;-, i am jaejiand tube advised by !
the Counsel ol ilie Senate, 1 call see no reason !
why tlie Senate should n luse tn refer this matter H
that it may he |neseu!ed in the most i ruvi> foi in II
by a c.omiuitii e ivpouin;; their opinion, i have j|
tin opinion mvselt tipon it, and my opinion al- i|
most amounts io a < ouuction; bu: "i should like |l
very well to have a r. pint of the Committee on !j
toe J ud icia i y on t h is .-jutiject, i or tin' v m )i> h t con ee£ ,)
the opinion J imvewhn li i think unumnts to con- i!
VJotioii.^ It is my npnuon that a S-mUor of the
*Jij!jed St ites u constitutional officer, and that '!
in occupying his place, he is not subject to any- p
lbii.4 e^cpt what tl.e Const ilutarn ilictates. That (j
iy tiiy os f!i oii, a m. if is vry ikm/niy c<-n\ tenon; :
but I arj piepnt, d t > he mfm m< d i.y t'he Judicial y <i
Committee, It is a subject Juiridv. tiu<L u should
not be deteimined except upon £oo<i advice, and
i think v/e had better b'j counselors about grave
matters than dispose of things nta jump. 1 trust j
it may be referred. j
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose at this '
time to enter into a discussion of the merits of this j
case. Itstukes me, however, Hsemmently proper !
that this question should be referred to the Com- |
mittee on the Judiciaiy^and receive its caieful and
elaborate investigation, The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has indicated that eveiy Senator on
this floor has formed an opinion on the subject.
That may be so. Of that matter I am not advised.
I have looked a little into this question, and I am
as clearly of the opinion that the law of 1862, re-
ferred to by the Senator in this proposed rule, does
not embrace or include a Senator of the United
States, as I ever was of the truth of any legal prop-
osition. I am fully aware, however, that other
Senators have not investigated U, for I have talked
with some Senators about it, and indicated some
authorities that 1 have read, and ihey told me
they had not seen them.
But,sir,even if >Senatois have formed their opin-
ions, that is no reason why there should not be an
elaborate investigation on a subject of such jjrave
importance as this rule proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts. Senators, like other men,
often form opinions without minute scrutiny, with-
out that elaborate investigation that entitles their
opinions to much weight, i take the liberty no w of
saying, with all due deference to the Senator from
Massachusetts and others who stated otherwise,
that at the proper time I believe 1 ran make it ap-
pear to any and every lawyer m this Chamber
that the law of 18G2 does not embrace a Senator.
I think it will be made to appear ftom the very
lan«\m«*e of the Constitution itself, supported by
the authority of the most learned commentaries
upon that instrument. I think I could be able to
show that u has been solemnly adjudicated by
tins Senate that.a civil officer oi the Government
of the United States does not include a Senator.
However, 1 shall not enter into that discussion
now.
Mr, SUMNER. "Will the Senator allow me to 1
interiupt bun at that point for one moment5
Mr. POWRLL. Certainly. '
Mr.SUMiX £Ll. He says it has been solemnly
adjudged byUns body that the term " civil officer"
does not include a {Senator. Allow me to suggest
to the Senator that the judgment of this body", so
far as it beais on that question at all, was simply
that a Senator is not a civil officer tor purposes of
impeachment; that is al!. Theie was no judg-
, mem that a Senator was not a civil ollicer.
Mr. POW.ELL. With due deference to the.
Senator, I beg to differ from Inm. I think other-
wise. 1 am not now discussing the question. I
am merely indicating what I believe on full inves-
tigation wdl appeor. 1 think m the case of Blount,
by special plea, fho question was directly made,
and upon rejoinder of that issue the Senate did so
hold, fktt I shall not now discuss it. At the proper
time, it this case shall go before the Committee
on the Judiciary, when their report shall come in,
i shall undertake to show7 that the Senator is mis-
taken about the issue there tried, and the finding
ot this body m its judicial capacity. &
Sir, I do hope that this matter may be referred,
that st may bo investigated, and that the Senate'
may decide >t upon the most e lab mate investigation 1
and consideration. It is one of giave and great
importance. Many of us held that tins law, when !
passed, was unconstitutional. I was of thutnum- I
her. Many of us hold now that it does not em- :
biace a Senator. The rulo proposed by the Sen- '
ator fiom Massachusetts directs the execution uf
that law on Senators. If u does not embi ace them, ;
that should not bo done. j
1 hope that this whole subjeet, the rule proposed '
at tlie .Senator fiom -Massachusetts and the sub-
stitute otlereil by tiie Senator fiom Delaware, may !
be lef.'iTed to tlie Committee on the Judiciary. i
hnpe the fcenator troin Delaware will so modify •
ins motion ns to carry the whole subject to that d
committee. Let them nmke their report, and j
then let the Senate decide tlie case. |j
Mr. SAULSBUR.Y. Will my ftieml allow me J
a moment/ \
Mr. POWELL. CeUainlf. '!
Mi-. tiA(,L^tiUilY. I s, .■ thatm'/ motion is
misapprehended, i thonuht 1 j.tatcd it distinctly.
1 oileifctl that ameiHlm..|lt by Way of s-ubstltlUe to
this ordei, mid moved rhat'the whole matter, by I1
v/hien J meant the order and the amendment, be [,'
refeirod to the Committee on the Judiciary, that
they might repoit to the body upon the whole
subject. I did not wi.^h a vou- in tlie Senate now
upon the adoption of the substitute, but [ pro-
posed it as a matter for the consideration of ihe
Committee on the Judiciary, together with the
original order as presented by the Senator from
Massachusetts; and I wish u to be put in that
foi m.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
modifies his motion; and the epiestion now is on
his motion that the original resolution, or pro-
posed amendment to the Senate rules, together
with an amendment to that proposition moved by
him, be referred to the Committee on the Jndi-
cmry. That motion prevailing would carry the
whole subject, the ongin-d proposition and the
proposed amendment, to the Judiciary Commit-
tee; otherwise ihe adoption of the amendment for
the original proposition would set aside, if ear-
ned, the ot igiual pi oposition, and leave the naked
question of instruction to the Judiciary Commit-
tee to inquire into the constitutionality of the act
of July 1862; and if constitutional, whether it
applied to Senators as civil officers of the Gov-
ernment. The question now is on refening the
whole subject, the original resolution or proposed
amendment to the rules, together with the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Delaware, to
the Committee on the Judiciary. That is now
the question—it is a question of reference.
Mr. POWELL. I was about to observe that
I could see no possible deti iment to the public in-
terest to arise from lefemng this question and
having it properly investigated by tlie Judiciary
Committee and adjudicated by this Senate. The
Senator from Delaware, 1 beheve, is the only Sen-
ator to whom this mle would apply, who has not
taken tlie oath prescribed by the law of 186*2.
As that distinguished Senator himself has stated,
there were three or four Senators who filled seats
m this Chamber for a long time without having
taken it. The Senator himself has been acting
as a Senator without taking it.
The Senator from^ Massachusetts seems to be
in hot haste about this matter. I c;m see no ne-
cessity for that. To my mind one of the gravest
and most serious suljects that can be brought
^ before this Senate is, whether or not we shall
|j observe the Constitutum, the fundamental lawot
'| the land. Thatceitdinly is a matter of the gsav-
^ est import. It may turn out, when this question '
i; shall be fully elabotattd, that the Senator from
,i Massachusetts may yield his opinions. It may
;j posyibiy ium out, notwithstanding, I admit, that
!i my convictions are very iiim and very decided,
• that on a full and elaborate argument of the ques-
j[ i may be induced to change my opinions.
[ A here can be no possible detriment to tlie public
| sei vice in having this question referred to the Ju-
,1 diciary Committee,and in havinga full and elab-
tj mate con^ideiation of it. That being done, the
| Senator from Delaware, if the decision was
i against his views, no doubt would subscribe to
j that oath. About that, however, I have no per-
i sonai knowledge except what he said himself a
j moment ago. I believe he would. I do hope,
, therefore, that this question maybe referred, tiiat
i it may bo calmly and dispassionately considered
j and adjudicated by this body.
j Mr. I EN E\CK. Mr. President, I do pot
j mean to enter at all into the discussion of the
' meiits^of the question befoie us. The Senator
I fiom Kentucky states that it is a grave question,
. and it is important for the public <>or d that it
; sh"u(d be refei red to the Judiciary Committee.
| I can see no earthly <j;ond whatever to arise from
such a reference. When the law requiring this
oath to be taken was uferred to the Judiciary
Committee, that committee was composed of the
identical membeis of which it is now composed,
without a single exception, and the very question
in lelation to its applicability to members of Con-
gress was raised before that, committee. ]Srow it
is proposed to reler the question, so far as regards
the proposition ^ibmitted by the Senator^from
Massachusetts in the first instance, hack to that
committee—for wiiyt purpesf ? They may reex-
amine it, and f bey may pei haps <• lirtmr}> their minds
upon the subject. I think the committee were di-
vided up'"-n tiiat point. I doubt not thatour opin-
ions lemain the same to-day as they were two
years ago; and it is admitted on all hands thai
let that report be as it may, when it comes back
