THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
June iT,
factitrer iti&y be al>Ie to introduce cotton from
abroad and work it up into fabric which he can
put to the consumer at a less price than if he had
to purchase the American cotton.
- Ata time like this, when thepolicyof the Gov-
ernment is to gobble up every pound of cotton
tfrere is',in the South antf theft'to put an embargo
■upon it here, what are th'epe'ople of this country
going to do? Are you to continue that policy?
If so, the poor people of this country wiil have
to pay constantly for the most necessary articles
a price.which it is impossible for them to endure.
While I am up I wish to say a word as to the
cotton" manufacturers of this country. It has
been said on this floor that they have made a
freat deal of rhoney during the past year. I
now of several of that class of manufacturers in
this country; and it is within my knowledge that
from the Istof January, 1863, to the 1st of Janu-
ary, 1864, many of them did not make enough to
pay to the Government the tax which it charged.
It was so generally, with the manufacturers of
cotton in Khode Island, and I believe that in
Rhode Island that business is prosecuted, if not
more economically, at any rate as economically
as in any other part of the country, if'they have
made money they do not know where it is. I do
not know that that amounts to anything on this
question; but such is the tact. I can see no rea-
son now why the people of this country should
be burdened by an additional tax on cotton. Af-
ter the war, when the embargo upon the cotton
of the South shall be taken away, it will be time
enough, in my opinion, to tax this cotton. There
is no reason for it now.
MV^EESSENDEN. We lay tin internal duty
of 2 cents a pound on our own cotton; and it
would be a very singular thing if we did not exact
at least as mucli from imported cotton. There is
some cotton -imported. We have made an ex-
ception in favor of Surat cotton in allowing it to
comefrom England without paying the 10 per
cent, additional put upon otherproducts of placcs
beyond the Cape of Good Hope when imported
from places this side the Cape. After we have
made that exception, to take off the duty when
we have imposed 2 cents tax on our own cotton
would be very singular action in my opinion.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Nobody wants this cotton
protected; it cannot come in competition with
American cotton*.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is used largely by
manufacturers.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Not this imported cotton.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator's colleague
[Mr. Antiiovt] has been talking about it several
times, and has been very anxious to get the 10
per cent, taken off.
Mr. SPRAGUE. U can be used sometimes,
but it cannot be used generally. There may be
some cases in the business of cotton manufactur-
ing where it can be used, but it cannot be used
generally with the machinery now in use in this
country.
Mr. CONNESS. If it is not used much the
duty cannot be a very severe burden.
Mr. SPRAGUE It is a burden; there is no
benefit in it.
The amendment was rejected—ayes four, noes
not counted.
Mr, ANTHONY. I wish to ask the attention
of the committee to an article that seems to have
escaped their notice, the article of hair-cloth.
That article is manufactured here. I understand
the theory of this bill to be that an import duty
shall be imposed upon all imported articles equal
to the excise duty on similar domestic articles,
and taking into consideration also the increased
cost of manufacture caused by the tax upon the
raw materials that enter into our productions.
Imported hair-cloth was taxed 30 per cent, by the
tariff of 3861. When we put a tax of 3 percent,
on the domestic manufacture in 1862 there was
no increase of the import duty as there was in
the case of other manufactures. Now, there is
an additional duty of 2 per cent, on the domestic
manufacture, and still in this bill there is no in-
crease of the import duty. I think in conform-
ity with the spirit of the bill there should be an
increase of the import duty corresponding with
the excise tax, and that would be about 10 per
cent. The excise tax is 5 percent., and as all
the raw materials that enter into the manufacture
are also taxed, I suppose, in accordance with the
spirit of the bill, about double the tax should be
imposed on the foreign article as on the domestic.
1 move therefore to insert, after line seventy-one of
section six, " on hair-clotii, 40 percent, ad valo-
rem." The duty is now 30 per cent. I think it
ought to be 40-per cent.; but I will take anything
the Finance Committee will agree to give.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think an amendment
was made to-day to cover that—an amendment
offered by the President of the body.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was not aware of it.
The PRESlDENT^rotempore. The amend-
ment referred to was after" bunting," in line
ninety-eight of section five, to insert "mohair,
alpaca, or goats' hair."
Mr. ANTHONY. This is a different article.
This is hair-cloth, such as sofa covers are made of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoxe. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Rhode Island
that his amendment, would come in a better classi-
fication by being inserted after line one hundred
of section five.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well. I move to in-
sert at that place: "on hair-cloth 40 per cent, ad
valorem."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a very large duty.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is only 10 per cent, ad-
ditional. There has been no increase of duty on
the foreign article since the excise tax has been
laid on the domestic.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do these manufacturers
suffer? No one came before us to complain or ask
that any additional duty should be imposed on
this article.
Mr. ANTHONY. They are very modest
people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We had no chance to in-
vestigate it.
Mr. DIXON. I think the duty is high enough
already.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will put his amendment at 35 per cent., I
shall not object to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will take 35 percent.,
because i know I cannot get anything if the Sen-
ator from Maine objects.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg to be allowed to say
again to the Senate that the import duty on this
article is precisely the same now as it was be-
fore there was any excise duty on the domestic
manufacture. There is now an excise duty of
5 per cent., and I think according to the spirit of
this bill there should be a corresponding increase
in the import duty. If there is any reason why
there should not be, I am open to conviction and
I shall be glad to hear it. a
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Senatorsarecontinually
asking when we can get through the session, and
then when we get to work are moving to adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. We never shall get through
until members stop talking. I insist on my mo-
tion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The duty on ivory in the
tusk is 10 per cent., and the duty on manufac-
tured ivory 50 percent. There is a kind ofivory
imported that is partly manufactuted, cut into
blocks for billiard balls. I suggest to the com-
mittee that that description of ivory should pay
an additional duty over ivory in the tusk. I
move to insert after line twelve of section twelve:
" On ivory blocks for billiard balls, 20 per cent, ad
valorem." I will say 15 percent, if the chairman
of the Committee on Finance prefers. The duty
on it ought to be more than on unmanufactured
ivory and not so much ason manufactured ivory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is somebody's no-
tion who thinks he can make a little something
out of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know what rea-
son the Senator has to put that imputation on any
amendment I move.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has the Senator any in-
formation on the subjectJ
Mr. ANTHONY. We do not all know as
much as the Senator fiom Maine, but wc know
something.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not profess to know
anythigg about it. I do not see why we should
put an additional duty on the article because it is
partially cut into blocks,
Mr. ANTHONY. It is partly manufactured,
and weight is taken off.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
Maine is good-natured now, because 1 want to
offer a few amendments as to a class of articles.
These amendments are in regard to water colors
used for the manufacture of paper-hangings. We
have put an excise duty on the manufacture; we
have put a very large duty on many of the raw
materials used in the manufacture; whisky is ono
of the most important, on which the duty is very
large indeed; but we have put no increased duty
on the imported article. I desire that the duty
on the imported article shall be raised so as to
correspond with the excise upon the domestic
manufacture. With that view, I move to insert
at the end of section thirteen:
On blank ficks, enameled-whtte, satin-white, lime-
white, and all combinations ofbarytes with acids or water,
cents per pound."
The duty on that is now 2| cents a pound.
On carmine lake, 35 per cent, ad valorem.
The duty is now 25 per cent.
On moist water and mineral colors and paints used in
the manufacture of paper-hangings and all colored papers
and cards, not otherwise provided for, 35 per cent, ad va-
lorem.
The duty is now 25 per cent.
On French green, Paris green, mineral green, mineral
blur1, and Prussian blue, dry or moist, 35 per cent, ad va-
lorem.
The duty is now 25 per ccnt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is 35 per cent, on
all water coloi s.
Mr. ANTHONY. But water colors used for
paper-hangings are different. There is an ex-
ception ofcolors used in paper-hangings, i looked
at it this morning. All I ask is that there may
be an increased duty on the imported article cor-
responding with the excise tax, and that is the
spirit of the bill. A Senator suggests that tho
duty being paid in gold brings it up. I under-
stand that throughout the difference betweengold
and currency has not been taken into considera-
tion, because it is a fluctuating element.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Multiply all these duties
by two and then make the comparison.
Mr. ANTHONY. Buthow long is that to last?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
amendment proposed by the Senator from Rhode
Island will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
On blank fiefcs, enameled-white, satin-white, lime-white,
and all combinations of barytes with acids or water, 3^
ct^nls per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The duty is now 35 per
cent. What percentage is 3| cents a pound?
Mr. ANTHONY. The duty is now 2£ cents
a pound, and 1 propose to raise it to 3|.
Mr. X'ESSENDEN. That is a very large in-
crease, from 2£ to 3£ cents.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 wiy take 3 cents, and I
so modify the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
On carmine lake, 35 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
On moist water and mineral colors and paints used in the
manufacture of pnpei-liangings and all colored papers and
cards, not otherwise provided for, 35 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HALE. Whatis" moist water?" [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. Here is an article that is
produced in this country and is imported from
abroad. We lay an excise of 5 per cent, on
the domestic production, and we refuse to lay
any additional duty on the foreign production.
Gentlemen who do not know anything about it
content themselves with laughing at if moist
water."
Mr. HALE. I wish the Senator from Rhode
Island would give us the benefit of his learning
on it and explain what " moist water" is. What
use is it put to? Is it useful in mechanics or for
medicinal purposes? How does it differ from any
other water? [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. It is moist water colors.
Water colors may be dry or moist. It does not
