1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
recusant member, and 110 other motion or business shall be
entertained until the case is disposed of.
And that (lie committee report at as early a day as prac-
ticable by rule or otherwise.
Mr. STILES objected.
COMPENSATION OF PROVOST MARSHALS.
Mr.CrRISWOLD submitted the following reso-
lution; wJuch was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested to consider the justice of altering the present law
regulating thecompensation of provost marshals, so as to pro-
vide that the provost marshals shall receive commutation for
transportation to and from their respective places of resi-
dence to the headquarters of the district, when it shall ex-
ceed ten miles in distance ; and for fuel and quarters and
forage when not furnished by the Government, together
with'actual expense of postage, stationery, and clerk hire
authorized by the Prffvost Marshal General.
Mr. JENCKES submitted the following resolu-
tion; whicl) was read, and referred to the select
committee on rules:
Resolved, That the committee to whom the subject orthe
rules of the House has been referred'be, and they hereby
are, instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by rule for an additional standing committee to be desig-
nated as " the Committee on Mines and Mineral*.,'-' to con-
sist of five members, the duties of which committee <.liall
be to consider the subject of the title of the United Slates
to the precious metals and other mmeials, and also to the
legislation that may be necessary to protect pitch title and
to make the same asouice of revenue to the Government:
and also to report such other propositions relative to said
subject as may seem to them expedient.
CAVALRY FORCE.
Mr. MILLER, ofNew York, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Military Aft'ans be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ami neee«-ity of
increasing the cavalry lorce of our Army by immediately
raising filly thousand volunteers for that arm of the service;
and that they have leave to lepoit by bill 01 otheiwise.
KISIIXNG BOUNTIES.
Mr. ELIOT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved y That the Committee on Commerce lnqniip into
Ihe expediency of amending or explaining ihe nets of July
B9} 1813. and March 3,1819,and repot t by bill oi othei wise.
INTERFERENCE IN ELECTIONS.
Mr. COX introduced a bill to prevent officers
in the Arn?y and Navy and other persons engaged
in the military and other service of the United
States from interfering in elections in the States;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, informed the Mouse that the Senate
had passed, withoutamendment, bill of the House
No. 302, to amend section nine of the act ap-
proved July J7, 1862, entitled "An act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officcis of the
Army, and for other purposes."
EQUAL RIGHTS-
Mr. RICE, of Maine, submitted the following
preamble and resolutions:
Whereas the. vital principle of oui national life emanated
from arid suivivcm the grand and Heaven-inspired decla-
ration ''that ail men are created equal; tli.it they are en-
dowed by their Creator with certain inalienable ushN; that
anions those are lil«Mtberty,andthe puisuitof happiness
and whereas the Government of the United Sui«& mm
established, and the Constitution adopted, in the earnest
desire and confident expectation that both would ^peedilv
and finally opciate in harmony with said « deelaiafion,'5
and theieby seeure to all native and naturalized onions
equal civii lights and privileges, rcgaullcss of all condifons
of birth, race, descent, woildly possessions, or leligious
faith; and whereas the system of American .slavery has
been and isutleily suhvei?ive and detractive oi the afore-
said principles, desires, ;nid expectations,and ha* been the
mmtal pioiremtorof all manner of evils, social, moral, and
political, pioducmg uiueltv and oppression to tiie slave, de-
moralization and degradation to tin; free laborer, and bru-
taiization -and arrogance in the slave-driver and the slave-
master, and has finally culminated m jobbery rmd minder,
rebellion and civil war, and htwihus conclusivelydeinon-
strated that it cannot be longer toieiatcd with safety to the
Government and peace to the Union, and lhat'lu-sUee,
sound morality, and national unity, each and all,demand its
entite extinction ; and whereas our people of Afnean de-
scent have m the present war been more unanimous m their
loyalty to the Government and tinir devotednoss to the
Union than any other ria«, and have, at the call of Con-
gress and the Executive, sprung to arms to protect the one
and maintain the other, and have bravely and nobly vin-
dicated their coinage and their manhood upon the land and
upon the watet, on'the battle-field and on the gun-deck ;
and wheieas the fr'-edmen in the District of Columbia and
el&ewlifie in the United States have, by their obedience to
the laws, their wiihngne&s to laboi, theh desireforimprovc-
inent, and their ability ro p"rfoim military service. evinced
their capabilities as citizens and soldiers, and thus practi-
cally reversed and annihilated the monstrous judicial dic-
tum and heartless party dogma, that " they have no rights
which white men are bound to respect:" Therefore,
Resolved, That the Congiess of the United States should
by positive and effective legislation, and in accordance witn
the true theory of our republican form of government,
guaranty and secure equality of civil rights and privileges
to all classes of persons residing within the Distuctol Co-
lumbia and the Teiritories, and wherever else the Govern-
ment of the United States possesses sole and exclusive ju-
risdiction, who are required and made liable, under the
Constitution and the laws, to contribute to the suppoitand
maintenance of the Government by taxation and military
set vice, and in like manner to piotect, secure, and defend
all persons in life, liberty, and lawful pursuits, throughout
the length and breadth of the Republic.
Resolved, That American slaveiv having engendered the
rebellion and sustained and prolonged the vvai by which
uncounted thousands of the best citizens of the Republic
have been made to suffer and bleed and die, and being sub-
versive of mutual right and justice, connary to the spuit of
our institutions, destructive of the best interests of society,
disgraceful to our civilization, dangerous to the Republic,
and accurscd of God and all good men, should not be longer
toliMatcd, but should by foice of law m the adhering States,
and the povvei of aims in the rebellious States, be forever
abolished and extei tninated.
.Resolved, That all statutes, legislative acts, and city or-
dinances having the foice of law in the Distuct of Co-
lumbia and the organized Territories of the United States,
wheieby persons of Afiican descent residing therein are
deprived of their civil right* ami lesuained of their just
privileges, ought injustice to be repealed .mil deelaied void.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the resolutions on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I propose to let the res-
olutions go over, I desire to debate them.
Mr. COX. Cannot I move to lay them on the
table?
The .SPEAKER- They are not before the
House; the gentleman from Maine desiring to
debate them, they have passed from before the
House.
Mr. MALLORY. Who proposes to debate the
resolutions ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who offers
them.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the States
and Territories, m their regular order, for reso-
lutions, beginning with the State of New Hamp-
shire.
COURT-MARTIAL ON CAPTAIN HUNT.
Mr. MORRIS, ofOhio, introduced a resolution
requesting the Secietary of War to report to the
House the proceedings of the court-martial jn the
case of Captain Hunt, assistant quartermaster at
Fortress Monroe and superintendent in chartering
vessels for the Government in the department of
Virginia; and moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was agieed to.
ANNALS OP CONGRESS.
Mr. SMITH offered the following resolution,
and moved the previous question on its adoption:
Resolved, That the Cletk of ilie House be directed to exe-
cute the resolution of the Hou^e of *2'Jth May, 1862, ordoi mg
him to supply the House hbiaty with aceitam number ot
Concessional Annals and Debate1*, so fat as to pay the pub-
lishers for ihe volume,- d< livorcd prioi to the parage ol the
icsolution of 9th June, 186Q, lescmding the lesolution of
May '29, aforesaid.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether those Debates furnished
are in complete «ets, and whether we have any
assurance, if we take these sets, that another res-
olution will not be offered directing us to purchase
the remaining books to complete the sets. a
Mr. SMITH. I understand that this resolu-
tion only asks for the payment for those volumes
that are in the library, under the resolution of
May, 1862—the books that have been delivered
already.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution be debated,
it goes over under the rule.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask a question:
1 understand this to be the old question m refer-
ence to the Congressional Globe 
Mr. MALLORY No. It refers to the Na-
tional Intclligencer.
Mr. SMITH. 1 insiston the previous question.
Tellers were ordered by the Chair, and Messrs.
M orrill arid Smith were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 63, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table; and on that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to inquiie as to the
expense of adopting this resolution.
Mr. SMITH. I object.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnold, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Bcaman, Blow, Boutweli, JJroomall, Ambiose YV.
Clark,Cobb, Cole, Creswell,1ThomasT. Davis, Dawc<, Don-
nelly, Dumont, Eckley, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Gar-
field, Grinnell, Higby, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Jcnckes, Julian, Kelley, Orlando Kellogg, Marvin,
McBride, McClurg, Mclndoc, Morrill, Daniel Morris. Amos
Myer , Chailes O'Neill, Patterson, Pcrham, Puee, John H.
Rice, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Smithers, Stair, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Tiacy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu 13.
Washburne, William C. Washburn, Williams, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—57.
NAYS—Messrs. James C.Allen. Ancona, Anderson, Ash-
ley, Baity, Augustus G. Baldwin, Fiancis P. Blair, Jacob
B! Biaii, BlissJJame-- S. Banvn,Chanler,Clav, Cox. Daw-
son, Denmson, Drtggs, Eldridge, Eliot, Ganson. Griawold,
Hale, Haiduig, ChailesM. ihirri5, FJooper, lliitchms, Ker*.
nan, Knapp. Law, Long, Longyear, MaJlory, Maicy- Mc-
Allister, McDowell. MeKinney, William II. Miller, Moor-
head, James R. Morris, Morrison, Noble, John O'Neill,
Orth, Pendleton, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, James S.
Itollms, Ross, Smith. Spalding. Slebblns, John B. JSieele,
Stiles, Strouse, Stu.-ut, Sweat, Thayer. Thoma*, Vooiheps,
W.tdsworth, Ward, Wbaley, Joseph W. White, and Yea-
man—63.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
EQUALIZING PAY OF SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the remainder of the day is, by order of
the House, under the'control of the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask whether
a motion to suspend the rules is not in order.
The SPEAKER. This is acting under a sus-
.pension of the rules; being done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is scarcely worth while,
Mr. Speaker, because 1 do not intend to ask the
attention of the House to-day to the business of
the Military Committee, and 1 will state why.
The Committee on Military Affairs has, to a cer-
tain extent, reconsidered the bill which I was
instructed to report this morning, and m the mean
time a bill on the same subject has come from the
Senate, which is either on the Speaker's table or
has been referred this morning—a bill to equal-
ize the pay of the soldiers in the Army, i am now
instructed by the committee, instead of re porting
the bill which we had prepared, to ask that this
bill fiom the Sennte he ordered to be printed and
referred to the committee. I will at the same tune
ask, when we get this Senate bill before us, which
we will be ready to report back on Wednesday
morning, that we have the same arrangement
made for that day that we had made for this day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That would
interfere with reports from other committees
which have been kept waiting for a loti® time.
The act (S. No. 145) to equalize the pay of sol-
diers in the United States Army was taken from
the Speaker's table, and, by unanimous consent,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask unanimous conscnt
to ask a question.
There was no objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky whether he will consent to have the
resolution referred to a select committee of three,
to be appointed by the Speaker, to inquire into
the facts.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order, the
previous question having been seconded.
Mr. SPALDING. I want to vote for this if it
be an act of justice; not otherwise.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, this question has
been before me for ten days past, and 1 have re-
ferred to the parties who are informed of the facts.
I have the original resolution of the House under
which these books were to be delivered. I have
also the correspondence of Gales & Seaton with
former Clerks of tins House. I understand the
whole transaction to be fair and just. { under-
stand these men, after the passage of the resolu-
tion, proceeded to deliver these books; and they
ask pay for all delivered before the resolution was
rescinded. I hold that the House is m honor
bound, under the original resolution, to pay for
the books delivered up to the time it was rescind-
ed. None were delivered after the resolution was
