2074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Constitution possess a principle of perpetual vi-
tality, no death of a State and no severance of it
from the Union. The life-blood may cease to
flow for a time between the ccntcr and the ex-
tremities, butimmediately on the removal of those
liinderances and obstructions the life-bearing cur-
rent wilt again leap through vein and artery, and
the whole frame will once more rejoice in re-
newed health and vigor.
But,Mr. Speaker, we again recur to the fact that
the war has already consumed three entire years,
and is eating into a fourth. When we ask what
has been accomplished to bring it to a close, al-
though we can point to many glorious victories
and to something gained, in the face of what yet
remains to be done the further inquiry is forced
upon us, "How much longerwillit last?" Judg-
ing by what has been accomplished and by what
remains to be done, may it not last years and
years, unless it is ended by the sheer exhaustion
of one of the parties? Howlongcan itlast? The
total assessed value of all the real and personal
property in the United States in 1860, according
to the last census, was $12,084,660,005. If from
this we deduct the value of the property of the
States in rebellion and of the portions of States
held by the rebel armies, the amount will be ma-
terially reduced. The grand total of real and per-
sonal property in the rebellious States is $3,972,-
101,522; this is exclusive ofTennessee, Kentucky,
and Missouri. But as portions of the rebellious
States are held by our armies, I make a deduction
often per cent, from the above estimate, which I
believe to be a liberal estimate. This leaves a bal-
ance of $3,574,891,400, as representing the value
of property in the rebellious States. Deducting
this from the total amount leaves a balance of
$8,509,768,605, i*epresenting the value of the prop-
erty of the loyal States.
The question now arises, How long will it take
to sweep away the whole property of the country
by our expenditures, if thev continue at the rate,
of the past three years? A few move statistics
will illustrate the matter. Our present expendi-
tuies—including the sums expanded by the Gen-
eral Government, by States, counties, towns,
townships, and individuals—have been at least
$3,000,000,000. Assuming that our expenditures
will increase in the same proportion, there will
be an augmentation of our expenditures at the
rate of thirty-three and one third per cent, per
annum upon the present amount. According to
the last census, the rate of increase in the value
of real and personal property in the States and
Territories has been a little over twelve and a half
percent, per annum. Now the pioblem which
those figures suggest may be stated as follows:
if the whole property of the loyal States con-
tinues to increase at the rate of twelve and a half
per cent, per annum, how' long will it take our
expenditures, increasing at the rate of thirty-three
and a third per cent, per annum, to equal our as-
sets or resources, and thus reduce us to bank-
ruptcy ? A very simple arithmetical process sup-
plies the answer to this problem, and shows that
if oui expenditures and the increased value of our
property each continue in the same ratio as in
the paSt, at the end of eleven years our expendi-
tures will have been nearly equal to the total
value of all the real and personal property in the
loyal States. Our $3,000,000,000 of expenditures,
increased by an expenditure of thirty-three and
one third per cent, per annum and five per cent,
interest, will have reached at the end of eleven
years the gigantic sum of §20,044,000,000, while
our real and personal propeity, increased at the
rate of one hundicd and twenty-six per cent, in
each decade, will amount to about the same sum,
or $90,253,249,279.
Here are stubborn facts pointing at national
bankruptcy. We have a terrible war upon us,
which if not speedily settled will lead us to cei tain
rum. it is time to pause. We are only to choose
between two roads. The one leads to sure de-
struction; the other may lead to life and to pros-
perity. We have been going down the one, and
the piospect is gloomy und foreboding. The mut-
terings of the storm are already audible, and sal-
vation is yet within our reach. We yet have time
to choose "the good part which can never be
taken away." Let me appeal to the "power be- !
hind the throne" to cast aside the idols that have '
promised them and us so much but have given us
so littie. We have begged of our radical deities
to give us bread, and notwithstanding their prom-
ises we have only received a stone. Throw down
the idols and abolish the worship! Thus, and
thus only, may we seethe day when all the States
are again knit together in fraternal bonds and
revolve in the old harmony around our beloved
Union. God grant that we may live to see that
day. Then we may look back upon this terrible
war as upon a frightful dream; and when the
scars it has made are healed and the whole land
is once more smiling in prosperity we will gaze
with amazement at the folly and madness which
precipitated the fury of a war which might have
been averted upon our beloved land, and which,
to give a doubtful boon to the negro,endangered
the life of a nation.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, 1
had not designed to trouble the House with any
remarks upon the bill, but, being compelled to
leave Washington in the morning, and under-
standing that the question is to be taken to-rnor-
row,as 1 shall not be here when the vote is taken,
lest my views upon the bill may be misunder-
stood 1 have determined to submit to-nightsome
few remarks upon it. I will say,sir,before pro-
ceeding to those remarks, that it is my design
also, by the permission of the House, to refer to
some other subjects somewhat personal to my-
self, and not entirely germane to the subject im-
mediately under consideration. In deviating from
a confinement to the discussion of the bill itself,
J think I shall but follow the example of many
very able gentlemen who have preceded me in the
debate upon the measure.
Mr. Speaker, this bill, taking its title as a true
indication of its clnuacter, is to guaranty to cer-
tain States whose governments have been usurped
or overthrown a republican form of government.
The chairman [Mr. Davis, of Maryland] of the
committee which reported it describes it to be
a " bill for the lestoration of civil government"
in those States. I have carefully examined both
the bill and the speech of the honorable gentle-
man to ascertain upon what facts the assertion is
made that the State governments of the southern
States have been overthrown. In the latter I find
an nigument which aims to sustain the assump-
tion. It is as follows:
" Tho^c that arc hoic lepicsentf d arc the only govern-
ments existing With in tin; limit* of the United States.
Those that are not hero repiescmed are not governments of
the States, republican under the Constitution. And ifthey
be not, then they are military usui pations, inaugurated as
the permanent governments of the States', contrary to the
supieme law of the land, anayed inarms against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and it the duty, the first
and h tiili i *-t duly of the (.iovern meat. to suppie«s and expel
them. Congress must either expel or recognize and sup-
port them. If it do not guaranty them it if-bound to ex-
pel them; and they who ai e not ieady to suppress them are
bound to recogmzc them."
Now, it will he seen that here again is little but
assumption. It is taken for granted, and asserted
with positiveness, that there can be no republican
government that does not recognize the President
and the Congress of the United States. i' Those
States that arc here represented are the only gov-
ernments existing within the limitsof the United
States." This is singular doctrine. What con-
stitutes republicanism ? Itis not adhesion to any
particular political community or organization.
It does not consist in allegiance to any central con-
stituted authority; if it did, it would not bo irepub-
licanism at all, but a dcpendcntcondition without
the power of self-control.
The gentleman assumes too much. If the au- ;
thority or political rights of the States are depend-
ent on their representations here, then if Con- !
•grcss refuses to receive the representatives of a !
State on any pretext, it ceases to exist, and loses
the power of self-government. Suppose that a j
majority of both Houses of Congtess and the Ex- ;
eeutive wore to entertain the idea that the insti- j
tution of slavery was inconsistent with a repnb- i
lican form of government, and acted upon the '
theory to the extent of the refusal to accept the '
Representatives of those States which held slaves,
though they were not m rebellion, those States
would not then <k be here represented," and, un-
der this doctrine, would not have republican forms
of government, and it would become the duty of
Congress to provide a form of government for
them.
If Congress can do what this bill proposes on the
ground alleged, so can it disfranchise any State
in the Union at pleasure on any pretext what-
ever. The creature would thus bccome greater
than the creator. It would be the arrogance of
concentrated centralism in its worst features,be-
cause it would attempt to deprive a people of the
inalienable right to form their own organic laws
and to determine the nature of the Government
under which they live. It seeks to establish a
supervisory power, which, under the principle
asserted, could at pleasure alter, modify,amend,
annul, create, or destroy the constitution of every
State in the Union, North or South, in times of
war or peace.
There are some States in this Union, now rep-
resented here, whose constitutions have provis-
ions utterly repugnant to republicanism,and yet
no one proposes here to interfere with them.
Even Utah has its Delegate. No one questions
now the power of Congress over the Territories,
and yet the gentleman does not propose to inter-
fere with the notorious anti-republican govern-
ment in that Territory.
But if refusing to recognize the Federal author-
ity the States in rebellion cease to be republican,
how is it'that Mexico isa republic ? When Texas
seceded from the republic of Mexico, we accepted
her without asking any questions; she came into
the Union without any alteration in the character
of her government. She substituted a Governor
for President, and changed the titles of other of-
ficials. She maintains them now. Every one of
the southern States possesses the same form of
government now that they did before secession.
If they were republican then they are so now.
The people elect their own representatives, and
govern themselves in ali the essentials of repub-
lican government, and it is the extreme of folly
foranymanto assert otherwise. Indeed the con-
federate constitution has all the elements of re-
publicanism. There is not a provision of it
which,to the leastextent, infringesupon the rights
of the people. In many respects it is an improve-
ment upon our own, because it defines the powers
of the States with more clearness, leaving less to
doubtanddispute. Indeed I assert that the peo-
ple of the southern States enjoy a higher degree
of liberty than we have been allowed the last
three years.
Look at North Carolina! Her Governor, in
behalf of her people, openly opposed the action
of the confederate president and congress for the
attempted exercise of authority much less repug-
nant to free institutions than has been repeatedly
exercised unopposed here of late. What State
Executives at the North would have dared to take
similar action under far more aggravating circum-
stances? Doubtless despotism exists at the South.
Military authority is antagonistic to liberty. War,
and especially civil war, suspends more or less the
free exercise of personal rights. The civil power
cannot me maintained amid the clash of arms. It
is and must be suspended in those States where
any military conflict exists. But when the neces-
sity for military authority ceases, when the cause
which produces the contestshall be removed, civil
government returns and again has the entire con-
trol; and so must it be in the southern States when
this war ceases, as cease it must, sooner or later;
the armies will be withdrawn, and the people of
those States must be permitted to the full enjoy-
ment of self-government. Otherwise it will not
ho republican. No people live under a free gov-
ernment if they are deprived of the right of self-
government. To impose upon them a form of
government of your own making, under the pre-
text of this bill, would be the worst kind of tyr-
anny, whatever, the provisions of your Consti-
tution might be.
But this bill itself contains an inhibition which
gives the he to its title. It provides that none of
the States in rebellion shall hereafter hold slaves.
It does not leave to the people, therefore, the right
to dispose of this question ns the North have done,
is it republicanism to take away fiom a people
the privilege of regulating their own domestic af-
fairs, and to deny to others the privileges we have
exercised ourselves?
But it is contended that by the rebellion these
States have lost their right to form their own local
governments, and even some go further and con-
tend that by the rebellion all their rights as States
have ceased; that they have placed themselves m
the position of Territories, and that it has become
the duly cS Congress to provide governments for
them as cuch. The advocates of thesedoctrmca
