1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBI.
follow that a water color must' be moist all the
time. It may be dry or moist. The article is
moist water colors.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were, on a division—ayes 13, nays 9; no
quorum voting:
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not.
The motion to adjourn wag not agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is a quorum
here if Senators will vote.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question on the amendment again.
The question being put, there were twelve
ayes.
Several Senators. Wegive it up.
1 lie PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is a further
count insisted on ?
Mr. HALE. Does that make a quorum?«**
Mr. HENDRICKS. The last division showed
the Senate to be without a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that the last vote showing the absence
of a quorum, business cannot be proceeded with
till the presence of a quorum is ascertained.
Mr. WILSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken; resulted—yeas 12, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Dixon, Foot, Hale,
Harlan, Harris, Hendricks, Richardson, Sprague, Sumner,
and Wilson—1-2. '
NAYS—Messrs. Euckalew, Clark, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foster, Grimes, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, McDouaaJI,
Morgan, Powell,. ILunsey, Ten Ejck, Trumbull. Vail Win-
kle, and YViJley—lf>.
ABSENT —Messrs. Carlilc, Chandler, Collamer, Con-
n*s.s Oowan, Davis, Harding, Henderson, Hicks, Howard,
Howe, Lane of Kansas:, Morrill, Nosmith, I'omcrov, Rid-
dle,^ Saulsbury, Sherman, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of Mr. Anthony was
read, as follows:
On French yreeu, Paris green, minoial green, mineral
blue, and Ptusaiau blue, diy or moist, 35 per cent, ad valo-
rem
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
JItid be U fuithcr enacted, That when any cask, barrel,
or oth^r vessel of American manufacture, cxpoited or
sent out of the country filled with the pioducts of the
United Statesshall be icturned to th'eUnitedStates empty,
the same shall be admitted free of duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should fike to have an
explanation of that.
Mr. HARRIS. I will explain it. There is a
pretty large amount of beerand ale exported from
the United States to the West Indies and other
places, and the barrels and casks in which the
article is exported are returned. By a construc-
tion of the act as it exists the Secretary of the
Treasury feels bound to charge those empty bar-
rels coming back with duty. A different rule has
obtained in reference to otherarticles; forinstance,
grain bags sent out of the country with grain are
returned free of duty; but on application made to
the Secretary of the Treasury—[ made the appli-
cation myself—he said he felt bound to apply a dif-
ferent rule to these articles, and he recommended
that the matter should be submitted to Congress.
I have his letter before me.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " barrel'*
the word "carboy." Precisely the same thing
is true of oil of vitriol manufactured in this coun-
try and sent to Canada; the empty carboy m
which it was sent is charged a duty when return-
ing empty; and the effect has been to break up
the traffic.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it the meaning that the
barrels shall be returned in the same ship that
takes them out?
• Mr. HARRIS. Not necessarily.
Mr. JOHNSON. But they are bought in Eng-
land, and sold m England^and exported by un
English purchaser. The barrels go with the ale.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not understand the Sen-
ator.
Mr. JOHNSON. The barrel is sold with the
ale, and when the ale is disposed of, the buyer
there sends the barrel back here as a shipment.
Mr. HARRIS. That is never done; but sup-
pose that to be done, I do not see any difficulty
about it. I am, say, a brewer of ale*, I send a
cargo of ale to the West Indies and I bring back
my barrels.
Mr. JOHNSON. That 1 understand.
Mr. HARRIS. Or I-can get my pay for the
barrels and the ale, and afterwards buy back the
barrels. Should I pay a duty on those barrels
when J bring them home empty? I manufacture
the barrels here; I send them out for the purpose
of selling my ale; I bring them back for the pur-
pose of filling them and sending out another car-
go. Should I pay a duty on them ?
Mr. GRIMES. Is it right that the man in the
West Indies, who has bought the barrels as well
as the beer, should send them back'and sell them
here in the market in competition with our own
coopers?
Mr. HARRIS. I do not see any great diffi-
culty about that. What we-want is to get our
barrels back without paying any duty on them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are not the barrels sold
when the beer is sold?
Mr. HARRIS. That never is the usage.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted;
and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to call the attention of
the Finance Committee and of the Senate to the
duty on foreign salt. On the 34th page of the
bill, lines eighty-five, eighty-six, and eighty-
seven of section eleven read thus;
On salt in sacks, barrels, and other packages, 26 cents
per 100 pounds ; on salt in bulk, 20 cents per 100 pounds.
It is true that this raises the" duty but a trifle,
which is, I believe, 24 cents per 100 pounds on
salt in casks, barrels, and packages; and 18 cents
on salt in bulk. That, however, has been found
to be "so heavy a duty that since it was laid the
importation of foreign salt has very gieatly fallen
off; and now when the excise tax is but 6 cents
per 100 pounds on domestic salt manufactured
within the United States, the effect of this duty on
foreign salt, I apprehend, will be that the amount
of salt imported will be very Utile, perhaps
scarcely any. This duty will amount really to
a prohibition. Now, i think we should do no
injustice to the home product if we diminished
the duty on imported salt, while at the same time
we should undoubtedly increase the revenue.
I have not the figures here now, but the fact is
that since the duty was raised to its present point
the amount imported has diminished very consid-
erably. It cannot enter into competition with
domestic salt when that pays only 6 cents on the
one hundred pounds. A duty of 20 cents now
on salt in the bulk is'equivalent to a duty of be-
tween three and four hundred per cent, on the in-
voice cost, an enormous tax on an article of prime
necessity every where. I hope, therefore, that the
committee and the Senate will agree toadiminu-
tion of that duty. I move to amend the bill by
making the duty on salt in sacks and barrelsSO
cents fnstead of 26 cents per on,e hundred pounds,
and 18 cents instead of 20 cents on salt in bulk.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that the
change made m the House of Representatives to
which we agreed is adding to the duty on foreign
saltexactly what has been added to the domestic
dufy, 2cents per pound. The tariff before was
adjusted not only with reference to revenue, but
with reference also to the production of salt in this
country. Although I might agree with the Sen-
ator that the duty on salt is pretty high consid-
ering the nature of the article 
Mr. FOSTER. Higher than on anything else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yet I doubt whether any-
thing can beeffected by the amendment. It strikes
down the duty even below what it is in the pres-
ent tariff. The duty on the two grades is now
24 and 18 cents, and it is proposed to strike it j
down to 20 and 18. I should be very glad to
have it done individually, but I do not think it
can be accomplished. The production of salt in
this country is calling for protection, as well as
other interests.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes fifteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to call attention again,
in the hope of doing something to perfect the bili,
to the three sections that were added at the end.
I wish to except to them. I believe that they
have* been strictly passed'upon' by the Sefta^ef
but I wefsicalled to the door whenthat'Was done!
The PRESIDENT pro teMpore's The Chair will
remark that those ;sefetioris have been
Mr. SUMNER, Then I must appeal-to'th£
Senate to allow me to except tb them.' < I asVmy
colleague to move their reconsideration. 1
Mr. WILSON, - I moTo to reconsider;for the
purpose of bringing the question before th^Seri&t&i
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 would like*to
what the subject is. '
Mr. SUMNER-. They are' the three sections
at-'the end of the bill. ■ r -
The PRESIDENT ]M*o tempore. It is moved
b,y the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Wil-
son] that the Senate reconsider the vote concur-
ring in the amendments made as in Committeeof
the Whole, so far as the last three sections are
concerned,on the43d,44th, 45th,and 46th pages/
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose the Senator from
Massachusetts may as well make his remarks on''
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have a vo'td
on each of those sections. ["Oh, no."]
Mr. McDOUGrALL. I would like to under*
stand what the gentleman wishes to reconsider
more particularly before the vote is taken. *
Mr. SUMNER. I will proceed to explain/
The Senate may remember that I balled attention
in the first place to the section on the 43dand44tlr
pages. I stated that it was irfi^erfectly drawn,
that it set forth an obsolete statute, that if it was
adapted it would tend to promote litigation rather*
than anything else. At the same time I stated,'
however, that I was not so well informed in re-
gard to its character as I should like to be; but'
since the Senate adjourned this morning I have
had an opportunity of informing myself; I have'
seen a person whos6 business it is to be thor-
oughly acquainted with that, and from whom I
have derived the necessary information. It seems
that in line seven, where itundertakes to set forth
what is to be done under a certain statute it fails to
set forth another statute under which that is done/
which is necessary to the completeness of the"
statement. The object of the clause will appear
from my reading a few words:
That nn and after the day and year this act shall take
effect it shall be lawful for the owner, consignee, or agent
or'any goods, wares, or merchandise which shall have been,
actually pui chased, or procured otherwise than by pur-
chase, at the tune when he shall produce his original in-
voice, or invoices, to the collector, and make and verify
lit* written entry of his goods, wares, and merchandise, as
provided by section thnty-six of tlie act of March 2, 1799,
entitled "An act to regulate the collection of duties on im-
ports and tonnagft," and not afterwards, to mrnke such ad-
dition in the entiy to the cost or value given in the invoice
as, m his opinion, may raise the same to the true market
value of&uch gooils, wares, and merchandise in the prin-
cipal nmikets of the country whence they shall have been
imported.
He is authorized by this section at the time
when he produces his original invoice, and not
afterwards, to make such addition in the entry to
the cost or value as in his opinion may raise the
same to the true market value. Now, in point
of fact, in this section the only thing that is not
borrowed from a previous statute, and in borrow-
ing it that is not stated worse than it is stated in
the previous statute, are the simple words "and
not afterwards," which in point of fact are sim-
ply embodying in the statute an order of the
Treasury Department. The Treasury Depart-
ment has by a circular addressed to the custom-
houses limited the time when the declaration can
be made to the period of the entry and verifica-
tion, and not afterwards. All that this section
-does is to take from the order of the Treasury De-
partment the words " and not afterwards," and
embody them in the statute. They are at this
moment entirely within the control of the Treas-
ury Department. The Treasury Department
may continue them or not as it pleases.
Then, if you go through with this section to
the close, it undertakes to cite a statute of a par-
ticular year when there is another statute on the
same subject which on the whole is clearer; so
that the effect of the whole section is to produce
one inarticulate jumble, outof which nothingbut
litigation can ensue. It is much better to leave it
all under the old statutes than to attempt this im-
perfect codification. That is my objection to the
first of the three sections.
Then comes the second. The only change pro-
vided in the second section is that which regulates
