1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CxLOBE.
before this body it must lead to an extended dis-
cussion.
Now, there is a possibility that great public
harm may be done by postponing questions of
this kind any longer. It may be that loyal men
are required to take this oath. No harm can arise
from that. If disloyal men are not required to
take the oath, then great injury and detriment
may accrue to the public service. It does not
strike my mind with any forceatall, that because
certain Senators have taken seats on this floor,
and have acted in this body, and have retired with
the expiration of their terms of service without
taking the oath, that therefore no man in time to
come is to be required to take this oath of allegi-
ance to the Government, which he may pretend
to serve outwardly, but which he is the enemy of
in his heart. My remarks, however, are intended
to apply to the inutility of postponing this matter
or referring it to a committee, which has already
adjudged the case and decided upon it, it being
distinctly and directly brought up before them.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from New Jer-
sey thinks this question should not be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, because he
says that committee is composed of the same in-
dividuals now as it was during the last session
of Congress. That I believe is true. He says
they investigated and decided this whole question.
With deference to my friend from New Jersey, I
think he is slightly mistaken. I do not believe the
question was ever mooted in the Judiciary Com-
mittee as to whether, in respcct to this oath, item-
braced a Senator or not. The question as to
whether it was constitutional or not was. That
is my recollection. However, perhaps it is wrong
for me to say what occurred in committee.
But, sir, even if the Judiciary Committee had
considered and settled the whole matter at the last
session, is there any propriety m asking that com*
mittee to reconsider their action? 1 believe it is
a common practice for the most august judicial
tribunals to reconsider cases; and very often after
they have solemnly adjudicated a case, I have
known them, upon a petition for a rehearing, to
reconsider it, and reverse their former opinion.
That is common with all the superior and inferior
courts of this country. I do not believe that the
point as to whether that law applied to or em-
braced Senators was under discussion in that com-
mittee. In that, however, I may be mistaken.
But whether it was or not, there certainly can be no
impropriety in asking the committee to reconsider
the case. If they adhere to and affirm the opin-
ion they made heretofore on both these points—
for there are but two in the rule—that will per-
haps satisfy the Senate that they were correct
before; but whether they reverse or affirm their
decision heretofore made, it will be left then to the
Senate to decide the question. I really do notsee,
therefore, any force in the position taken by my
friend from New Jersey. Even if the committee
had settled both points, there could be no impro-
piiety in asking them to reconsider their decision,
and again giving us their opinion on this subject.
I say that after one of the committees of this body
have patiently investigated a case and have made
a report referring to all the authorities pro and
con., it very much aids the Senate in coming to a
conclusion; it at least puts them on the line of in-
vestigation, and facilitates them in that line; and
the opinions of the committee have grqat weight
and force with this body. Ceitainly in a grave
matter of this kind we have a right to the benefit
of the opinion of the committee, and have a right
to ask them to reconsider the case if they have
heretofore decided it.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the dis-
cussion in which we have been engaged has had
this advantage: it has shown the Senate precisely
how little occasion there is for any reference of
this proposition to a committee. I have listened,
I believe, to all the arguments in favor of such
a reference. Most of them I have already an-
swered; but a new one has been adduced by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell.] I think
it was also presented by the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard,] to the effect that certain Sen-
ators have been allowed to occupy their scats and
continue in the discharge of their duties without
talcing and subscribing this oath. It is true that
there has been such remissness on the part of the
Senate; but to my mind this is a reason for imme-
diate action. We must see to it that no such re-
missness occurs again. The incident tells in favor
of action and not of postponement.
The Senator says that some of us—and he
alludes to me particularly—are in "-hot haste."
Sir, he has a strange idea of" hot haste." This
proposition was brought forward on the 5th day
of March last, nipe months ago,and now, when
I ask the Senate to vote upon it, I am metl)y the
objection that I am in "hot haste." Well, sir,.
I am glad to be in " hot haste" when the good
cause is to be served against disloyalty in any
form. The Senator cannot hurt me by any sucn
charge. To my mind—and I speak plainly—the
Senate is justly obnoxious to the charge of delay
in this matter. It has shown no just sense of its
responsibility. It has been inattentive and tardy.
It only remains that, by prompt action and with-
out any parliamentary postponements, it should
do whatitcan to remedy the past remissness.
But to come to the point of law, I believe it all
resolves itself into one single objection: it is, that
a Senator is not a " civil officer" under the Con-
stitution of the United States, and therefore is
not embraced by the language of this act of Con-
gress. Change it, disguise it as much as you
please, the question always comes round to this
single point. Now, I ask again, who is there
that at this moment entertains any doubt on this
question ? The Senator from Kentucky has made
up his mind that a Senator is not a " civil officer."
I suppose he regaids him as a " military officer,"
or a " naval officer," for those are the other
classes. He is entirely satisfied that he is not a
" civil officer." I do not know if there is another
Senator in this body who is ready to avow this
opinion. He is alone or in a very small minority,
while I am sure there is not a single Senator whose
opinion on the question will be altered by any
i postponement of the debate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me to make one remark?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The term (t civil officer"
was not intended to define a Senator of the United
Slates.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the Senator from
California to say that the term " civil officer" was
not intended to define a Senator of the United
States. But that is not the question. The ques-
tion is, whether the words in the statute were in-
tended to embrace Senators.
Mr. SHEdMAN. With the leave of my friend,
I will say there is no such word as " civil officer"
in the law. The language of the law is much
broader than oven the Senator has supposed:
u That hon-aftei oveiv person elected or appointed to any
oflice of honor or piolit under the Government of the Uni-
ted State*, either in the civil, imlitaiy, or naval depiutment
ol the public semce,'5 ficc.
Mr. SUMNER. I was aware of that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. And therefoie I say it
was not intended to define a Senator of the Uni-
ted States, who holds his office under the Consti-
tution.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the very question
which the Senate is to pass upon; and now we
have two Senators who are ready to vote that a
Senator is not included under the term "civil
depai tment of Government." We have two Sen-
ators who will record themselves in favor of this
paradoxical opinion. 1 do not know that there
are not otheis. 1 think that every Senator, how-
ever, has made up his mind on the question, and
docs not need any assistance from a committee of
this body. Think of it, sir, a committee—a learned
committee—a grave committee—to sit on the ques-
tion whether a Senator belongs to the " civil," the
"military," or the "naval" department. Do
Senators intend a jest?
But we are constantly carried back to the con-
clusion of the Senate on a former occasion—long
ago. It is said that the Senate has decided this
question. How? At the close of the last cen-
tury a member of this body was impeached. An
objection was raised to the impeachment, that,
being a Senator, he was not included in the terms
of the Constitution authorizing impeachment. At
that time the deliberations of this body, as is well
known, were in sccret; the body itself wassmall;
and we have no means of knowing what was the
debate on the question; but we do know from the
record what was the vote. It was by a vote of
14 against 11—being a very small majority in a
very small Senate—that this body decided that
one of its own number was not, under the wgi$b
of the Constitution, liable to be im-peac.hed by <an
associate branch ofthe Legislature. That rfafeftU
that was then decided. And no!w lie good eilbiGgfh
to observe how this is treated by tlie-dktioguisked
commentator on the Constitution1, Mn Jwstice
Story. In hisConime'ntaries be says* - - . • :
"This decision, upon wb ich tho-Seoateik^lfwasgre&fiy
divided-, seems -not to have ;been quits ^tisfactory^as rosy
be gathered, to the minds of some learned commentary®,
And he refers in'his note toTucker andR'aWle,
both of whom, it will be remembered, were con-
temporaries of the decision. Ahd now it-islthat
this little prfecedent, at an early period, m-a*ri&ll
Senate, adopted by a femall majority, defclaritfg
that a member of this body is not FiaWe to mi-
peachment, is brought forward to control the in-
terpretation of an actof Congress which'distinctly
declares that every memberof the"civiP'depari-
ment of the Government shall take this oath ! fI
think Senators are as competent to determine iro^v
whether this precedentis applicable, as .they will
be after a debate for a fortnight on thereportotfa
committee. But this weak and inapplicable pre-
cedentis the whole stock of Senators who seek tie-
lay. Admit that the precedent is valid againstthe
impeachment of a Senator, it is absurd to stretSh
it beyond the case out of which it rose. Especially
is it absurd to say that a Senator does not be-
long to the " civil" department of Government.
Pray, sir, if not to this department, to what de-
partment docs he belong? And yet this -is the
question which it is proposed to hand over to the
incubation of a committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before this matter is
finally determined, I shall beg leave to present my
opinions on the subject, and I trust that I shall
have the courtesy of the Senate for that purpose.
The conclusion of this question at once seems to
be urged by the Senator from Massachusetts, and
by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. I
differ with them in opinion on the subject. They
may change my opinions; but it is certainly, a
proper subject for grave discussion. I should like
to have an opportunity to present my opinions,
and to have them correct when presented; and I
hope that the question will not be urged on the
present consideration of the Senate. I do not
care particularly about a reference to a commit-
tee, but I should like to have an opportunity to
present my opinions in careful form.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If tho Senator will give
way I will move an executive session. It is ne-
cessary, as I understand, for some messages to
be referred.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh,
no; there is time enough for that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me, I will move that the present
subject be laid on the table. It can be resumed
hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California moves that tho original proposi-
tion and the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. TRUMBULL. I
hope not.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now renew the motion
to go into executive session, as I understand it is
important that some references should be made.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough to look at the clock? It is only twenty
minutes after two o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves that the Senate jjow pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was notagieed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on leferring the resolution, with the proposed
amendment, to the Committee on the Juuiciary.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Massachu-
setts and I were at issue as to what was said in
the case of Blount. I will now read a part of the
plea filed by Mr. Ingersoll and Mr. Dallas, who
appeared as counsel for Blount:
'•That proceeding by impeachment are provided and
permitted hy the Constitution ofthe Umted Hmtes onlvon
charges ol trrusoti, iniberj, oi other high crimes and mis*
demeanors, alleged to have been committed by the Presi-
dent. Vice President, or any civil officer of the United
States in the execution of their offices held under the United
State?, as appears by the fourth section of the second article,
