8052.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jtine 17,
Jlte dutiable value according to the value of the
goods-at the last place of shipment. I called at-
tention to that when the subject was under con-
sideration before. The Senator from Maine
seemed to vindicate that change.. The inquiry
t^at I have fyeen able,to make on the subject sat-
isfies me that the change. i$ not advisable.- How
dpes the Senator propose,to ascertain the value
at the last place of shipment?
- L beg to say that it is.with great reluctance that
I have undertaken to make tins explanation, but
having had my attention called to it, and also
knowing that^he attention of-the Treasury De-
partment has been to-day occupied by it, I have
lelt It my duty to lay it before the Senate. It
will be for the Senates and for the chairman of the
Committee on Finance to treat it as they see lit.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts, this being an
amendment of the Senate, it will necessarily come
up in committee of conference, and if it is not
drawn just right it can be there considered. Let
us come to a vote to-night on this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not interfered much
on this bill, and I will say to the Senator from
Wisconsin that 1 have responsibilities resting on
me in connection with it as a Senator, and a Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not complain of the
Senator interfering at all.
Mr. SUMNER. There are three elements
which, according to this section, must enter into
the value of the goods at the last place of ship-
ment: first, the value of'the goods at the place of
growth; second, the cost of transportation; and
thirdly, the transhipment. Now, in point of fact,
I am told that it is impossible to ascertain these
elements with any certainty. Take the case to
which I called the attention of the Senate this
morning, of a shipment from Australia, if you
please, to London, and then from London to the
United States. Suppose the goods arrive at New
York, how are you going to ascertain these dif-
ferent elements that are specified in this section,
when the cargo has come by the way of London
-—the freight, the actual cost of that specific por-
tion of the cargo from Australia to London, the
cost of transhipment? I am told by those who
are familiar with the subject that practically it is
impossible. It cannot be done. Experience and
the convenience of trade, therefore, all testify in
favor of the rule that has been adopted; and, as the
Senator from Maine this morning reminded us, it
has been frequently recognized by the courts of
justice. That is my objection to the second sec-
tion.
Then comes the third section, which proposes
a tax of 20 cents on philosophical apparatus and
instruments imported for the use of colleges and
literary societies. I do not wish to debate that,
but the Senate will remember that that was
adopted only by a majority of one; and { wish
to have another vote upon it. The only way in
which I can arrive at the result is by taking these
propositions separately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SUMNER. On the motion to reconsider
the first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator desire a separate vote on reconsidering
each section by itselP
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
then will be on reconsidering the vote by which
the Senate adopted the first new section, com-
mencing on page 43.
The motion was not agreed to.
The FB.K31DE.1ST pro tempore. The question
will now be on reconsidering the vote by which
the second section was adopted.
The molion to reconsider was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now will be on reconsidering the vote by which
the last section was adopted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That relates to philo-
sophical instruments, I believe.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I mereiy wish to make one
remaik. I do not certainly wish to protract the
discussion at tins late hour; but I must say that
I think the proposition is not creditable to our
country, and I think if adopted it will be mischiev-
ous. That is the way it impresses me. I cannot
see it otherwise. It is to me a tax on education,
and as such odious to an extent which I am hardly
willing to characterize. Because we are engaged
in a war at this moment, 1 find no reason in our
imposing a tax on education. Let us tax every-
thing else, tax luxuries, tax necessaries, but do
not tax education. As I said this morning, if
need be rather give to it bounty.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Ilarlan, Ilendricfcs, Mc-
Dougall, Moigan, Powell, Sprague,*. Sumner, and Wil-
son—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harris,
Johnson, Lano of Indiana, Ramsey, Richardson, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and VVilley—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carlilc, Chandler, Collamer,. Con-
ness, Cowan, Davis, Harding. Henderson, Hicks, How-
ard, Ilowe, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Riddle, Sauisbury, Sherman, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wright—21.
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
dnd be it further enacted, That before any invoice shall
be certified by a consul, vice consul, or commercial agent
ol* the United States as is required by the first section of
an act entitled "'An act to prevent and pumsh frauds upon
the revenue, to provide for the moic certain and speedy
collection of claims m favor of the United States, and for
other purposes," approved March 3, 1863, samples of the
goods embraced in such invoice shall be deposited with
such consul, vice consul, or commercial agent, except
where from the nature of the goods such deposit i& im-
practicable.
The Senate is aware that by the act referred to
in the amendment triple invoices are now re-
quired to be made before our consuls in Europe.
It is a very important function of the consuls in-
deed, and it has proved to be a very important
check upon frauds; but in order to complete its
efficacy as a check, something more is needed.
Our indefatigable and very able consul in Paris
has anticipated the proposition by requiring, so
far as he could, the deposit of samples at his con-
sulate, and by that deposit he has in several cases
been able to verify the invoices and to detect
frauds. But certain of the large merchants, very
anxious to avoid that check, have repaired to
some of the consuls out of Paris in order to get
their invoices authenticated; those consuls not
requiring the deposit of samples. My object is
simply to put into the law that requisition, so
that it shall be applicable to all our consuls, and
so that no great merchant in Pans, or in Lyons,
or wherever he may be, by repairing to a consul
in a smaller place can evade it. The Senate will
see at once that if the consul has the samples at
hapd when he is going over the invoice, he has
almost a ccrtam check.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have heard something
about this, and it was suggested to me this morn-
ing, but so late that with the attention I was com-
pelled to give the bill before the Senate it was
impossible for me to look into it. I think it may
be as well to adopt the amendment, and it will
then be open so that it can be considered by a
committee of conference and looked into further.
I will not make any objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another point to
which I wish to call attention. On page38, sec-
tion thirteen, with reference to rice, I propose to
insert between lines sixty-eight and sixty-nine
an intermediate class of rice. The proposition as
it is now stands thus: "On rice cleaned and un-
cleaned, 2 cents per pound. On paddy 1 cent per
pound." In point of fact there is an intermedi-
ate rice which is known as "cargo or uneleaned
rice," intermediate between the two specified in
the bill. I propose, therefore, to insert between
the two the words, on "cargo or uncleaned rice,
cent per pound."
Mr. FESSENDEN. u Unci caned" in the first
line covers that. "Ricecleaned and uncleaned,2
cents per pound."
Mr. SUMNER. It is not so considered by
those in the trade. I have had a telegraphic dis-
patch in regard to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I know they desire to
make a distinction, but the committee on exam-
ination thought it best to put them both under the
same classification.
Mr. SUMNER. If the committee have had
their attention called to it, of course I defer to
them entirely, but I have in my hand a tele-
graphic dispatch.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Telegraphic dispatches
are a very unsafe reliance.
Mr. SUMNER. "I see that in the Senate
amendment rice is 2 cents, and paddy is 1 cerat,
without any intermediate grade. 1 insist upon
an intermediate grade called cargo." That is
from a person engaged in the business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly they would
like to have the distinction made. The commit-
tee were satisfied it was best to leave it as it is.
Mr. SUMNER. If the attention of the com-
mittee has been drawn to it, that is enough, I
withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
J$r. SUMNER. On page 30, line twelve of
section ten, " nickel" has been struck out from
the group of articles taxed 20 percent, ad valorem.
I do not understand what has governed the com-
mittee precisely in regard to " nickel," for I do
not find it anywhere else in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is in the former bill,
and the committee thought it was not necessary
to raise the duty on nickel.
Mr. FOSTER. The duty was so high that we
could not coin cents from it as it stood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will operate very hard
to raise the duty. It is used largely in manufac-
tures.
Mr. SUMNER. If the attention of the com-
mittee has been called to it I shall not make any
motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly if our attention
had not been called to it we should not have
moved to strike it out.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the duty in the old
bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ten per cent.
Mr. SUMNER. My informant, who is a gen-
tleman who is interested in it very much,and also
has given a good deal of attention to it scientific-
ally, tells me that it ought to pay a specificduty
of 50 cents a pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would be destroy-
ing a very laige class of manufactures for the ben-
efit of one establishment.
Mr. SUMNER. I had proposed to move on
the subject of nickel, but the explanation of the
Senator discourages me. If the committee have
considered it carefully, of course I shall not pro-
ceed any further in regard to it.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose an amendment which,
if I understand its ctFect, will add more than a
million dollars to the revenue. It is in the arti-
cle of brimstone on page 31, line twenty-nine of
section eleven. There is a duty of $6 a ton ac-
cording to the bill as it comes from the House of
Representatives. I propose to strike out
per ton" and to insert " 2 cents per pound."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say that the duty
on brimstone is just double what it was before.
It was §3 a ton before and we now make it $6.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand that this is an
article that is not produced in our own country,
that it is used chiefly, eight tenths of the quan-
tity imported is used for the manufacture of sul-
phuric acid, and that if we puta duty of 2 cents
a pound on brimstone it will add less than a ccnt
a pound to the article of sulphuric acid,and it
will not be oppressive at all to manufacturers.
Another portion of it, perhaps one tenth of the
article, is used in manufacturing blasting powder.
A pound of brimstone will make eight pounds of
blasting powder. It will add very triflin^ly to
the price of powder. In this way we may make
the importation of brimstone from Sicily, which
is now more than 30,000 tons a year, if we put,
as I think we may without injuring anybody,
without making it burdensome, a duty of 2 cents
a pound on it, pay a revenue of $1,500,000 with-
out anybody feeling it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was only $1,000,000
a moment ago.
Mr. HARRIS. I said 11 more than a million."
I now say " a million and a half." I do not know
that there is any very great discrepancy in these
two statements. If the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance can see it, I submit to the criticism.
I think we can get more than §1,000,000. I am
