1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEE
riot sure about it; I do not intend to press it; but
I think it well enough for the Senate to adopt it,
and the committee of conference can consider it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator proposes $40
instead of $6 a ton.
Mr. HARRIS. What harm is that? The
thing has been overlooked.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was discussed In the
other House, and a motion was there made in
regard to it.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know what the other
House did about it, but it was not discussed in
the Finance Committee, I believe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. HARRIS. If we can get $1,000,000 out of
it I think we ou^ht to try it. I make the motion.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This article of brimstone is
used almost' exclusively in large quantities in the
bleaoheries of the country, and I can say to the
Senator from New York that the bleachers in
his State will find a great deal of fault with his
proposition. They are able to get but a very
small pittance for bleaching; the price is reduced
to almost nothing; and if you increase the duty
on the article which enters almost exclusively
into that business you will, in my opinion, de-
stroy their efficiency.
The amendment was reacted—ayes nine, noes
not counted.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to offer an amend-
ment on page 21 in reference to cotton, and be-
fore I move the amendment I will say to the
Senate that cotton is sent from New York to
France and to England, and in many cases it is
brought back. Now, I suppose it is not the in-
tention of the Committee on Finance to tax cotton
already taxed, of American production. Therefore
I would suggest whether after 44 cotton" in line
five of section six the words " not of the growth
of the United States" ought not io be introduced.
If there is no objection I move that amendment.
1 hope it is not the intention of the Senate to tax
this cotton when it is once taxed by the Treas-
ury Department, and then when it goes to Eng-
land and comes back, owned perhaps by the
same party.
Mr. GRIMES. What do they take it to Eng-
land for?
Mr. SPRAGUE. They send it constantly to
England us they send it to Boston from New
York, or from Boston to New York as there may
be a scarcity in New York or Boston. It is not
the intention of the Government, it seems to me,
to tax cotton that has once paid a tax to the Gov-
ernment of the United States of 2 cents a pound,
using the argument of the Senator from Maine,
and then when it comes back to the country to
tax it 2 cents more. I offer the amendment, and
I ask for the yeas and imys on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 21; as follows:
YE A3—!\lev re. Anthony, Dixon, Hale, Harris, Sprague,
Sumner, and Wilson—7.
NAYS—Messrs Brown, Buckalew, Clark, DooIIttle,
Fe%«u'mien,Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Hendricks, John-
son, Lune ot Indiana, McDougnll, Morgan, Powell, Ramsey,
Richardson, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and VYil-
ley—21.
■AUcSGNT—Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Collamer, Con-
nors, Cowan, Davi-s, Harding, Hemleison, Hick*, Howard,
UowPjJjane of Kansas. Morrill. Ne>mith, Pomeroy, Riddle,
Saulsbury, fcsheiman, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—*21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose to try the brimstone
again. I move to strikeout" $6 per ton "and in-
Bert((1 cent per pound."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is $20 a ton.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is an enormous increase
of duty on a raw material.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is an article 1 under-
stand that we can just,as well as not get revenue
from, and I hope we shall get it.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 13.
Mr. HARRIS. This amendment requires that
the next line should be amended: " brimstone in
* rolls." I move to strike out " §10 per ton" and
insert u U cent per pound."
Mr. WILSON. Call it " 1 cent."
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to that. I
so modify the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It makes it the samo as
the other.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. The article of chiccory is pro-
vided for on the 32d page. There is a good deal
of that article brought into this country. It pays
now a revenue of about $250,000. Here is 120
per cent, on the present rate of duty, which is 2
cents on the root and 3 cents a pound when
ground. The bill proposes to charge 4 cents a
pound on the root and 5 cents a pound on the
ground. It is too much. Those engaged in the
business—there are but few-^-say they cannot
sustain themselves with that duty. I propose,
therefore, to strike out4," so as to charge a
duty of 3 cents a pound on the root instead of
2, as it is now, and 4 cents a pound on it ground
instead of 3, as it is now.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to amend the
amendment by increasing it 2 cents a pound above
what the committee report, instead of reducing
it, as the Senator proposes. This is one of the
articles imported into this country and used sole-
ly for the purpose of misrepresentation and de-
ception. After having been imported and pre-
pared it is passed upon the people who finally
consume it in the sl*ape of coffee, or called coffee,
and as a question of morals as well as of political
economy, I think it is the interest of the Gov-
ernment and of Congress to ax it as high as
possible,
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senator from Iowa if
he knows what the plant is.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, I know what it is.
I know, too, the word 44chiccory" cannot be
mentioned without bringing to their feet several
Senators who live in the neighborhood of some
of these ground-coffee men. [Laughter.j
Mr. DIXON. I will inform the Senator that
I doubt whether he knows what it is. It is our
ordinary dandelion root, neither more nor less.
It is a more healthy article than coffee, would be
healthier for the Senator to drink, and make him
better-natured and more civil. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK, (Mr. Anthony in. the chair.)
I want to call the attention of the Senate to this
article for a moment, and if they will look into
the chemistry of common life, they will find this
article mentioned as an article of all articles sub-
ject to adulteration, as showing the tricks of the
trade. The coffee grinder adulterates his coffee
with chiccory; the chiccory vender adulterates
his chiccory with Venetian red; and the Venetian
red man puts in brick-dust to make it weigh, and
then it is all sold as chiccory or coffee. If that
article cannot pay 4 cents a pound and we drink
it, perhaps the duty had,better be struck down.
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw mine.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There are several gen-
tlemen who propose to discuss this bill, I am ad-
vised, and that they may be able to do so con-
veniently, I move thatthe Senate do nowadjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the pErssuge of the bill, resulted—yeas 22, nays 5;
as follows:
YEA.S—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
littio, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Giinies, Hale, Harlan, Har-
ris, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wiliey, and Wilson
_2D,
NAYS — Messrs. Buckalew, Hendrleki<, McDougall,
Powell, and Richardson—3.
ABSENT—Mcssis. Carlile, Chandler, Collamer, Con-
ner, Cowan, Davis, Harding, Henderson, Nick", Howard,
Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Moriill, Nesinitti, Pom-
eroy, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wright—22.
So the bill was passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 286) to repeal the commutation clause of
the enrollment act.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I want to take up the bill so
as to have it tho order of the day for to-mor-
row.
Mr. HALE I do not.
The motion of Mr. Hale was agreed to; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP R EPRESENTATIVESi
Friday, June 17, 1864.
The House met at twelve o 'clock, ra. Prayerby
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H:. Ghannjk'g. * ' ;
Mr. J. G.ALLEN moved to dispense with the
reading of the Journal. I !■- , .
The motion <was agreed to.. : : . r :■ 1
The SPEAKER'proceeded, as the regularoW
der of business, to call the Committees far reports
of a private Mature.
HANNAH LANDER, ;
Mr. PRICE, from ths Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported adversely on the claim
of Hannah Lander, and the papers in tSfe case
were laid upon the table. ~ • •
REPRESENTATIVES OF ABRAHAM LIVINGSTON,
Mr. PRICE, from the same committee, reported .
adversely on the petition of the legal represents
tives of Abraham Livingston, and the same was
laid upon the table.
RICHARD CHBNEX.
On motion of Mr. HALE, ths Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further copsid?
eration ofthe petition of Richard Cheney,and the
same was referred to the Committee on Privato
Land Claims.
J. AND O. P. COBB AND CO 
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, joint resolution of the House (No. 80)
for the adjustment of the claim of J. &. O. P. Cobb
& Co., ot Indiana.
The joint resolution authorizes the&uartermas-
icr General toexamine and adjust theclaimof*J.&
O. P. Cobb & Co., of Indiana, for losses sustained
by them on the 11th and 12th of July, 1863, by
the destruction by military orders of their barges
and other,vessels employed in the shipment of
hay to Memphis, Tennessee, under contract with
the Government of the United States, and the hay
o"n board of said vessels,which was being shipped
by the said firm in fulfillment of said contract,
and other property connected with and being used
in the fulfillment of said contract, s&id property
having been burnt or destroyed by United States
gunboat No. 33, and the Quartermaster General
is directed to allow the claimants the value of said
property, not exceeding $11,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to call the previous
question; but before doing so I- ask that the re-
port be read.
The report was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw that demand.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. From the
reading ofthe report it would appear that this-is
one of that class of cases to which I think the
House ought not to give its sanction at this time.
It seems to be a claim for the destruction of prop-
erty by a gunboat on the Ohio^river. It is for
hay which had not been delivered to the Govern-
ment. It was to have been delivered at Mem-
phis, Tennessee, and then the Government would
have been obliged to pay for it; but before it got
there it was destroyed by a gunboat, and hence
the case comes within the ordinary damages of
war.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will not
misapprehend the character of this claim. If it
is understood, I have not a shadow of doubt that
the House will approve of it.-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man is committed to the principle of this resolu-
don by his vote in the Armes case.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not consider, the Armes
case as being at all involved.in this matter. These
gentlemen, contracted toideliver hay at a certain
point on a certain day. They had got the hay
already loaded in the barges ready for shipment.
