1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBS.
Mr. DAVIS. X will make a single remark to
facilitate the motion made by the Senator from
Massachusetts. Gentlemen have said that this
whole subject has been considered by the present
Senate, "that ia a mistake in fact. There is some
new material, and there are some able members
of this body who have never yet had an oppor-
tunity of considering or discussing the question.
The new members of the Senate who took their
seats at the commencement of this Congress and
at the last extra executive session, have not had
the opportunity of debating or considering the
question. I think they ought to have it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after sometime
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 21, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of February 25, 1863, a copy of the
record of the proceedings of a naval general court-
martial, convened at the Boston navy-yard in
January, 1863, in the case of Commander Charles
Hunter, of the Navy; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DIXON presented six petitions of bishops
of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United
States, praying for such a modification of the en-
rollment act that clergymen and candidates for
the ministry, engaged in clerical studies, shall be
regarded as non-combatants, and employed as
chaplains or in hospitals; or that a certain sum
shall be levied upon every clergyman anil candi-
date for the ministry liable to draft, unless lie
chooses to be enrolled; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi
zensof Sanilac county, Michigan, praying fortlie
establishmentofamail route from Stevens'sLand-
ing to Maple Valley in that county, and also for
the establishment of post offices in Fremont and
Maple Valley townships; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying for the passage of an act eman-
cipating all persons of African descent held to in-
voluntary service or labor in the United States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Des Moines, and two petitions of citizens- of
Burlington, Iowa, praying for the establishment
of a uniform- ambulance and hospital system for
the armies of the United States; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of Charles
F. Swallow and other hospital stewards of the
United States Army general hospital at Ches-
ter, Pennsylvania, praying that their lank and
grade may be raised to that of a first lieutenant of
infantry; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask leave to present
a petition of all the commissioned officers of the
first brigade in the regular Army, praying that
tobacco rations may be issued to the soldiers. My
fondness for tobacco is such that I may not be
considered an impartial witness; but I aminclined
to think that the prayer of the petition should be
granted. I move that the petition be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of F.
B. Groff, of Maryland, praying that he be allowed
payment of his account for subsisting recruits for
the first regiment of Maryland volunteers; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEY presented additional papers in
support of the claim of J. 0. Armes, praying com-
pensation for property destroyed by United States
troops; which, witli his papers already on file,
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition ofSamuel
Pickard and others, citizens of Maine, praying
that the surviving officers and soldiers of the war
of 1812 and the Mexican war, who have been paid
for only a part of the time since their services
were rendered, may be allowed back pay up to
the time their pensions commenced; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented a memorial of
a committee of citizens of Parkersburg, West
Virginia, and also a petition of citizens of the
States of Ohio and West Virginia, praying that
the city of Parkersburg may be made a port of
entry; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce. „
Mr. SUMNER. I ask leave to offer the peti-
tion of William W. Thayer, of Boston, praying
that a pension may be granted to the son of the
late Alexander Hichborn, who lost his life in the
service of his country, and who was a contract
surgeon. By our existing laws pensions are not
allowed to contract surgeons, and this petition
prays that one be allowed in this case. I ask that
it be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
It was so referred.
Mr. MORGAN. I am requested to lay before
the Senate a series of resolutions unanimously
adopted at a mass meeting of the citizens of New
York to promote volunteering, asking that the
pay of the privates in the military service may be
increased to twenty dollars a month, and approving
of the call of the President for more volunteers.
I ask that the resolutions be laid upon the table
and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
will lie on the table, and the motion to print will
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of the
bishop and assistant bishop'of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in Pennsylvania, praying for
such a modification of the enrollment act as will
provide that clergymen and candidates for the
ministry may be regarded as non-combatants;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of J. M . Johnson
and others, hospital stewards of the United States
Army, praying'for an increase of their rank and
pay; wnich was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented two petitions of soldiers,
who volunteered and enlisted in the service of the
United States for the period of nine months, pray-
ing that a bounty of twenty-five dollars may be
given them; which were refeired to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers In relation
to the claim of John U. Mngill for payment for horses de-
livered to Shields'® division of the United States Army, m
May, 1862, be taken from the files of the Senate and referred
to the Committee oil Claims.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Henry P. Blanchard, pray-
ing compensation for service6„rendered as United States
marshal of the consular court of the United States at Can-
ton be taken from the flies of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That all memorials and other papers referring
to the subject of French spoliations of Amciican commerce
be taken from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the memorial of the Wine Growers' Association
of California, praying for a reduction of the tax
on the production of native wines, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
what number of copies of the President's mes-
sage with the reports of the heads of Depart-
ments should be printed, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
five thousand additional copies of the President's message
and the reports of the heads uf Departments.
ARMY DESERTIONS TO REBELS.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous coji-
sent, and agreed to: V
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to re-
port to the Senate the names of all the officers, non-com-
missioned officers, (and privates, If any,) in the tegular
Army, who, between tile 1st day of December, i860, and
the 1st day of December, 1863, left the service, either by
resignation or desertion, stating which, to jngagei jn the
rebellion against the Government of the United.
giving the grade or rank of the officers, and also designating
such (if any) as have been formally dismissed Dy the
President.
NAVY DESERTIONS TO REBELS.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requestedto
report to the Senate the names of all the officers of the Navy
and of the marine corps who. between the 1st day of De-
cember, 1860, and the 1st day of December, 1863, left .the
service, either by resignation or desertion, stating wliich,
to engage in the rebellion against the Government of the
United States, giving the grade or rank, and also designa-
ting such, if any, as have been formally dismissed by the
President.
- NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice'of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making it illegal for
a member of Congress to act as counsel in arty
case in which the United States is concerned.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 26)
to amend an act to provide for the public instruc-
tion of youth in primary schools throughoutthe
county of .Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, without the limits of the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, approved May 20, I860;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 7) authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to cause surveys, plans, and estimates to
be made for the purpose of improving the drain-
age and sewerage of the city of Washington,and
supplying the Insane Asylum with Potomac
water; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
OATII OF OFFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of the last sitting, which now comes up,
and which is also the subject-matter before the
Senate after the expiration of the morning hour,
is the following resolution,submitted by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.,] amend-
ing the rules of the Senate:
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules of the
Senate: "The oath or affirmation preseilbed by act of
Congress of July S, 1863, to be taken and subscribed before
entering upon the duties of office, shall be taken and sub-
scribed by every Senator, in open Senate, before entering
upon his duties, it shall also be taken and subscribed in
the same way by the Secretary of the Senate; but the other
officers of the Senate may take and subscribe it in the office
of the secretary."
The question before the Senate is on agreeing
to the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] to strike out all after
theword "resolved," and in lieu thereof to insert:
That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed to
inquire whether Senators and Representatives in Congress
are included within the provisions of the act entitled "An
act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other purposes,
approved July 2,18G2, and whether the said act is in ac-
cordance or in conflict with the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the ques-
tion now before the Senate is not upon the adop-
tion either of the rule or of the amendment, but
on the motion which I made that the further con-
sideration of the whole subject be postponed until
Tuesday next. That was the question pending
at the time the Senate adjourned on Friday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is cor-
rect. The present occupant was not occupying
the chair at that time. The question is on post-
pones the further consideration of this subject
until Tuesday.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to make a few brief
remarks to the Senate, to explain my own position
in reference to this subject, before the vote is taken
on that motion. It is my desire, whenever the
