2078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
tracted by faction, revolution,and final civil war. |
There was no union between "the iron and the
clay," to adopt the imagery of the dream of the
monarch, of Babylon. The civil wars of Marius_
and Sylla, of C&sar and Pompey, of Brutus and
Antony, of Antony and Augustus, if they did not
destroy the great fabric of Roman conquest, did
certainly consume the lives of millions of men,
and were accompanied by cruelties of the deepest
-dye.
^ The wars which followed the establishment in
Arabia oftheMohammedan faith extend, we may
say, from the era of the Hegira to the time when
John Sobieskirthe heroic King of Poland, de-
feated the Turks under the walls of Vienna, ex-
tending aver a thousand years, and embracing
within its limits southwestern Asia, southeastern
Europe, Spain,and northern Africa.
" The- French Revolution, to which I have re-
ferred, with its dark and lurid picture of massa-
cres, anarchy, the guillotine in the background,
concluded with a general European conflagration
and the wars of the first French emperor. The
emphatic and broken sentences of Carlyle fitly
describe the scenes of the reign of terror, while
the establishment of a new dynasty as the result
of that stupendous social earthquake is now going
forward before our eyes. We think, perhaps,
more of Yalmy,Lodi, Marengo, Austerhtz, Wat-
erloo, Magenta, and Solferino in this drama of
desolation, and less of the ingulfment of the
abuses of feudalism which led to the breaking out
of the Revolution. This is the usual error of man-
kind, to think more of the visible and material
than the social and moral causes which have pio-
duccd the merely physical outbreaks. Experi-
ence, however, continually calls on us to see how
it is that ideas control the currcnt of history, and
that on them the fate of nations and the happi-
ness or misery of the great masses of mankind
depend.
A parallel butsomcwhatearlierstrugglc,based
rather on religious than social ideas, took place
in Europe. 1 speak of it because the English
Revolution which brought Charles I to the scaf-
fold and established Cromwell as Protector was
to a certain extent an outshoot of the general
movement. The German mind had divided itself
on (lie subject of religion. It was a sectional as
well as religious division—North against South
—Protestant against Catholic. One of the great
masters of modern war, Gustavus Adolphus of
Sweden,played his part in this, the Thirty Years'
War. It drew in, from political considerations,
Fiance and her great minister Richelieu; it dev-
astated Prussia, Saxony,Bavaria, Denmark, Bo-
hemia, and Hungary—all the central poitions of
Germany; it consumed a generation of Swedes,
and it left traces of its horrors on the towns and
cities of Germany for more than a century and
a half. I doubt not but that there may be Ger-
mans now among us who have looked upon the
monuments of that mighty and stubborn civil
war and could tell us of the extent of the wreck
and the ruin it caused by the relics of the catas-
trophe. So the geologist reading the course of
creation in the rocks can describe the deluge and
the earthquake of early epochs from the history
!eft behind them on the stony tablets of the his-
tory of the earth.
Mr. Speaker, I have already transcended the
time allotted to me in this discussion far beyond
the hour. I am indebted to the courtesy of the
House for the permission. There is much more
I intended to say. The member fi'om Ohio had
arraigned me, to which I have fully replied. It
was my intention at this time to have put him on
trial; but he is notitt his seat. I have additional
facts which, I am confident, would satisfy the
House that he, of all others, should not assail
the public conduct of any man on this floor; but
I will not use them now. I have no stomach for
this kind of debate. The personal references
made by me to him and others have been forced
from me in self-vindication; and when assailed I
hope always to be able and willing to break a
lance with my antagonist, and to carry the war
buck again, " even into Africa."
Mr. fCELLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
puipose to follow the gentleman who has just
closed, [Mr. Fejimando Wood,] or specially to
reply to him; but 1 cannot help, before proceed-
ing to the general subject, making a remaik or
two. I have seen a wttnessin the trial of a cause
contradict one after another of the witnesses who
had sworn before him, until, when counsel came
to sum up, they reckoned the number of wit-
nesses who contradicted him, and justly argued
that his testimony, so contradicted, was unwor-
thy of belief. Robert Toombs's telegram to the
mayor of New York spoke of arms, and not of
merchandise, and so did the mayor's reply to it.
They are of record, and stand against the gentle-
man's assertion. He tells us he fitted out, from
his private purse, a regiment; but the men of the
Mozart regiment deny the fact, and publish the
denial over their signatures. He says the city of
New York would-not have given the country one
hundred men for the Army could its citizens have
foreseen the policy that has been adopted by the
Administration;, but the thousands of men who
have just filled the ranks of her decimated veteran
regiments, and are hastening to the field to sus-
tain that policy,give indignant denial to the slan-
der, and protest that New York city is not want-
ing in patriotism, though some of its people do
confide in him.
I will not, however, follow the gentleman's
challenges on the question of veracity. I will not
comment upon his apology for the "disturb-
ance," as he'called the mob violence which led to
the use of musketry in the streets of New York.
Nor will I even press the question as to what his
answer was to his friends, when they gathered
about him and said to him," There are rich men
whose stout, able-bodied sons are walking free,
but my poor boys are subject to the draft: what
shall we do?" No; I will not press the question
as to what his answer was before he left the city,
that his friends, boiling and bubbling with sedi-
tion and murder, might do their work without
involving him in responsibility. But I will pro-
ceed at once to the subject before the House.
The questions involved in the bill are of the
first impoitance. It is not just such a bill as I
should have proposed, nor does it meet my un-
qualified approval. Among other objections to
it, in my judgment, is the want of some of the
provisions contained in the amendmentsubmitted
by my distinguished colleague, [Mr. Stevens.] I
should like to see his distinct decLuation that<{ the
confedetate States area public enemy, waging an
unjust war, whose injustice is so glaring that they
have no right to claim the mitigation of the ex-
treme rights of war which are accorded by modern
usage to an enemy who has the right to consider
the war a just one."
1 would like to see it provide further, as his pro-
posed amendment does, " that none of the States
which, by a regularly recorded majority of Us
citizens, has seceded and joined the southern con-
federacy, can be considered and treated as within
the Union, so as to allow them, or any part or
portion of them, to be represented in Congress,
or to take any part in the political government
of the Union."
And, as more immediately important, I would
like to have the bill declare in his language that
"in all proceedings to amend the Constitution of
the United States none of the Slates embraced in
the southern confederacy can be permitted to par-
ticipate, nor can they be counted as among the
States nccessai y to form a constitutional majority
to adopt said amendments; and thafwhcncverany
amendments shall be ratified by three fourths of
the non-seceding States, they shall he taken and
adjudged to be a part of the Constitution."
1 will briefly and rapidly as 1 can proceed to give
the reasons upon which my views are founded.
Sir, the flag of our country symbolizes the sover-
eigntyof our whole country, which extends from
the Bay of Fundy to San Diego, from Cape Sable
to Mount Olympus, from Brownsville to Pem-
bina, from ocean to ocean, and from the Gulf to
the lakes. The question is, how shall the sover-
eignty the flag symbolizes be exercised over por-
tions of that broad region? Plow is certain terri-
tory to be governed ? The Constitution declares
the method. Our country in part is governed as
States, not confederated, but united by the Con-
stitution of the United States, not united link by
link, but so fused as to make a sovereign nation,
in the Constitution of which is found ample pro-
vision for the government of eveiy footof the na-
tional domain, vast as it is. The third section of
the fourth article of the Constitution contains the
following provision:
"The Congress shall have power indispose of and make
alt needful rules and regulations rcfpocting the territory 'or
other property belonging to the United States; and noth-
ing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to pieju-
diee any claims of the United States, or of any p.uucular
State."
There can be no sovereignty over any portion
of this domain while it is a territory save that of
the Government of the United States. But two
forms of government are provided for, namely,
State and territorial government. But gentlemen
say, here are States that were in the Union, but
whose people have withdrawn their allegiance and
rebelled: how would you govern them? Sir, a
State is not immortal; it has a mortal existence;
it has its beginning, its transitions, and may have
its end. A State may be killed, a State may com-
mit suicide. The act of God may carry through
the portals of death the entire people of a State,
and extinguish it by reason of the want of citi-
zenship. A foreign Power may subdue the peo-"
pie of a State, hold and exercise dominion over
them and their territory, overthrowing their in-
stitutions, and establishing others in accordance
with the views of the conqueror, thus destroying
the State and reducing the people to the condition
of colonists, from which they could only escape
by successful revolution, or by the assistance of
a people from beyond the limits of their State.
Sir, I have said a State may commit suicide.
A sovereign convention of the people called to
consider the propriety of amending, revising, or
abolishing the constitution may abolish that con-
stitution, and having proposed no new one ad-
journ sine die, submitting their work to the peo-
ple, and, if approved by them, the State would
cease to exist. It might be succeeded by a mon-
archy, a despotism, or any other form of govern-
ment; or its territory might be occupied by a for-
eign Power, or both people and territory be ah-
sot bed by a conterminous foreign nation. This the
people of the revolted States have done. They
have destroyed the institutions which bound them
politically to this Government. They have or-
ganized a foreign government, and seek to trans-
fer to it part of our domain. How is sovereignty
manifested ? Is it not by the peaceful administia-
tion of the laws ordained by the soveteign Gov-
ernment? We have our system of customs, and
our postal system; we construe our laws by a
judiciary, who derive their appointmentfrom the
President, and are confirmed by the Senate. Our
judges interpret and apply our laws. The mar-
shals execute their process; but m the event of
armed insurrection they appeal to the executive
branch of the Government for power to enforce
their judgments and decrees. But so long as it is
mere insurrection, mob, riot, or local lesistance,
the fact of such resistance does not overthrow our
Government or create war. The States of the
Union maintain their connection with ourGovem-
ment by electing through their Legislatures Sena-
tors to represent them and express their voice in
the Congiess of the nation. At the beginning of
each decade the Legislature divides the State into
districts, each district of which isentitled to send a
member of this House to participate in the making
of laws. Thus the State and the people thereof,
through its organization, make part and parcel of
the Government, and while participating in the
Government are governed under and by the Con-
stitution.
Is there a State of South Carolina? Pray who
represents it on this floor? Who in the other end
of the Capitol? Will you name her Senators, or
tell me what judge comes from a circuit whereof
that State is a part to sit in the councils of our
Supreme Court, or what judge holding authority
from the President and Senate of the United
States administers the laws in its district court?
Who or where are the marshals, collectors of its
potts, or postmasters, who hold power fiom our
Government and act in its name and behalf? So,
too, of the other confederated States. Where or
how do you feel the influence of any of them in
this Government? How do you enforce the Con-
stitution and laws within the territory once gov-
j eined^jy the constitutions of those Slates? Ah,
: sir, the sovereign people, or, to speak more pre-
| cisely, the political people of each of those States,
, haveovcrthrowntheState. Through its corporate
power each Stale destroyed its corporate life, and
no one of them exists.
Sir, the destruction of a State by the severance
of the constitutional ligaments that bind it to this
l Government is one thing', but the government of
