56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
question comes up for the decision of the Senate,
to express my views fully, and to explain the
grounds on which i consider tins law unconsti-
tutional. I believe I am the only member of the
Senate who has not taken the new oath, as it is
called. The usual oath was administered to rne
when 1 took my seat in the Senate at its last ses-
sion. I wish to recall the recollection of Senators
to the facts of this case, that they may then de-
termine whether they consider it right and proper
that I should he forced immediately to defend the
position which I have assumed, (and, as it is one
which I assume alone, it is one of responsibility,)
or whether they will give mc some further time
for preparation for the aigument that I desire to
submit to the Senate.
The facts are these: the bill picscribing this
oath for officers of the United States came from
the House of Representatives in the month of
June, 18G2. Without noticing all the proceed-
ings, I will state that I think it came on the 6th.
of June and was reported back from the Judi-
ciary Committee on the 10th of June, and it was
taken up in a few days afterwards, and, during
the morning hour, taken up on several occasions.
In the shot t discussions which touk place in ref-
erence to the bill, the honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] opposed it fiom its first
introduction to the Senate, and my colleague
made a suggestion that clearly the President of
the United Suites ought to be excepted. To that
suggestion the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary yielded. But it was also pressed by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky that Sen-
ators and Representatives could not within the
Constitution have any other oath propounded to
them than an oath to support that Constitution.
That was his position. When the bill came to
its discussion, before ihe vote of the Senate was
taken on its fust passage here, the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, as I stated, yielding to the
suggestion of my colleague, proposed, himself,
(though the hill had then passed without argu-
ment or discussion to its thnd reading,) a motion
for a rehearing, and moved an amendment except-
ing the President of the. United States, not in woius,
butexceptmg such officers for whom the form of
oath was pi escribed m the Constitution. That was
his doctrine. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, i think, I am almost sure—at nil events a
Senatoi moved to amend that amendment by ex-
cepting also members of Congioss. The. debate
went on upon that ground. No leason was as-
signed except llutt the act would be unconstitu-
tional if it included members of Confess. After
a discission, in which the honorable Senator bom
Illinois contended that it was notuuconstttutionnl,
and in winch my colleague, the honorable Sena-
tor fiom Kentucky, and tin; honorable Senator
Irom Virginia, {Mi. (-aulili:,] aigued against
the constitutionality of such legislation, the vote
of the Senate way taken, and there could be no
other inference diawn irom that decision than
that they consulon-d the hill unconstitutional if
members of Confess Vveie nic.luded in it, because
by a vote of :20 to 18 they did amend it by ex-
cepting members of Congiess hom ihe operation
of the law, and that was aiu r discussion.
The mode m which the bill then progressed was
tins: theie were sevei a I oi h< r amend mi nts offei ed
by oth< r Senatois—1 lbiget what lunnbei ;I think
four oi iive; nor (an 1 iceall what the chaiacter
of those amendments was which weie adopted, by
the Senate, f was not piesent at the time the vote
was taken on the amendment of the honorable
Senator fiom Kentucky, which pievailed, and
with which the Senate passed the bill, and 1 did
not vote upon H; I was not present at the debate;
but the bill passed in that shape. When it went
to the House of llcpiesentatives, the House re-
jected ali the amendments of the Senate, and asked
for a committee of conference. The Senate in-
sisted on i hen a men dim. nts, and ant hoi iz< <1 a com-
mittee of conference to be appointed by {ho Chair,
The Chair appointed the honorable Senator from
New Yoi k, (Mr. King,) not now a member of the
Senate, flu; chairman i.t the Committee on the Ju-
dicinty, the hopoiah'e Sei-a'ot j-o-r, Tliieor-, j Mr.
Trvmsvli.,] ard a I ho d Senate; v. hos<* eane dm ^
nor, appear to the '"portend 1 have been unable
to find u,j who dissented from the report. That
committee met the committee of the House, and
1 think about the middle of June, the I5th or itith,
the committee of conference reported back that
the committee of the House agieed to recedcfrom
their disagreement to all the amendments of the
Senate except one, and that one they agreed to
modify by excepting the President of the United
States, but throwing out the exception of mem-
bers of Congress. That was the report that came
back to us.
Thus the views of the honorable Senator from
Illinois were certainly carried out in that report.
The question, though, which came before the
Senate was simply the question of agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference; and,
as you well know, our practice requires that it
must be iejected as a whole or must be accepted
as a whole. One of the honorable Senators whom
1 have now in my eye objected to that practice
and usage of the Senate as not being parliament-
ary I think ho was right. I think it would be
wiser and better if the Senate could adopt some
of the recommendations of a conference committee
on different propositions which arc distinct in
themselves, and reject others; but such had not
been its practice. The honorable Senator made
no motion, though he made a somewhat long ar-
gument, and a very strong one, in favor of the
position lie assunu d in reference to the true chai-
acter of parliamentary law. Under this vote on
acceding to the report of the committee, the Senate
did accede to the report, and so the bill became
a law.
Now, sir, the second question which is involved
hero was not before Congress at all. 1 have a
right to assume that at least this is a gravely
doubtful constitutional question, when, on the ar-
gument of the question, this body decided against
the inclusion of members of Congress—the very
body that subsequently agreed to the law, in the
mode in which I have stated, only by ay;ret ing
to the report of the committee of conference m
order to save some amendments. That would be
pcifectly consistent with the fact that, having pio-
viously decided that meinbois of Congress could
not be constitutionally included in the law, it
would make no difference if they got their other
amendments m by agreeing to that report, be-
cause they would "be excepted by the operation
of the Constitution. That would be but a fair
infeience. I drew that inference. As I tell you,
I was not prtsent at the debate, but I read it.
After this law was passed, fair members of the
Senate, who were here at the last session, were
elected. It went into effect at once. Thiee of
those four members held out during the terms for
which they were appointed, and acted as Sena-
tors, just as 1 have been acting since my reelec-
tion, under the ordinary oath. The fourth—1
think I am not mistaken—the honoiable Senator
from Illinois that is not now in his seat, [Mr. Rich-
akdsok,~| al.so acted under the ordinary oath, for
no other oath was administered during that ses-
sion by the body which passed the law. At the
special session of the Senate, I think, the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, now absent, was not
present, and I presume that he and 1 aione have
not taken the oath. What his action would be,
whether he would take it under protest, or whether
he would desire first the decision of the Senate, 1
have no means of knowledge, fur I have had no
communication with him since the Senate ad-
journed at the former session.
Undei these ciicumstances, sir, the honorable
Senator fiom Massachusetts, for the first time,
brought up the question of an otderof the Senate
alter all the new members had been sworn in.
That order, 1 supposed, would bring up the de-
cision ot tiie question. I thought it unwise to
decide it with a Senate which then had but about
thirty-seven members present, and I suggested a
postponement, but i made no motion. " Finding
that the debate was going on, f rem ed foi the pm -
pose of consulting those woiks which I thought
neces.sai y, and making that preparation to sub-
mit my views which 1 intended to do, if it was
the pleasuie of the Senate then to persist m the
determination of the question. The ne.U day, or
certainly if not the next day the next day but one,
under some sort of voluntary irr ncement honoi -
able S'matov^, *.nder protect ? o^ik t h "a* b „a >'d t h<-
motion w'*s vifh''r,ivn. Of { !>:-"< vi^viu'ht
to consid-'i u m any other mode than tdeterm-
ination of the Senate that the actum wa^ pniely
voluntciy. if the motion had been sufieied to
remain until every Senator had taken the oath
voluntarily,! should then have nudeistood it was
the intention ogam to raise the question at this
session: hut it was withdrawn, not on any vote
of the Senate, but by a kind of understanding to
which I was no party, not being present when it
took place.
The consequence of this was that I drew the
conclusion from all these facts that that was the
determination at which the Senate had armed,
that it would be left to my own option. During
the present session no motion was made until
Thursday last. I was not then in the city. The
order was then introduced, and I came up on Thurs-
day evening. I had not been well, and had not
attended in my place in the Senate. I came up to
the Senate on'Fi idav, and the motion was pressed
then; a reference of it was refused. The reason
why I desired a reference was, that it was my de-
termination not to trouble the Senate further if
the Judiciary Committee, when it was refcried
to them, excepting;, ofcourse, my honorahh friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell.] whose opinions
I knew, should be unanimous in their decision
that the law was constitutional and obligatmy.
If, on the contrary, theie were divided opinions
in the committee, it would then come properly
before the Senate on the decision of a constitu-
tional question of the gravest character.
Under these circumstances, sir, of course 1
must be prepared to present my views for the
course which I have taken of refusing, or declin-
ing, if you please, to take this oath, whenever it
may be the pleasure of the Senate that it shall be
done; and I say to you, with entiie frankness and
sincerity, that if the motion that was made at the
called session of the Senate hud been suffered to
remain, and had not been witluhawn, 1 should,
in the vacation, during; the recess of the Senate,
have prepared myself for the argument. 1 did
not do so, because the view I took of it was that
it was left to voluntary action. "But, as the ques-
tion is now biought up, and the Senate seem to
be determined to have it decided, I must leave it
to them to say whether, on such a question, which
has been but paitially debated in the body, and
in which the only direct vote taken was against
the constitutionality of the law bv the very body
that adopted it, 1 shall have an opportunity for
pieparation. Jf it is the pleasure of the Senate
that 1 must say what I have to say, or make my
exposition of my views here, to-morrow or the
next day, of course 1 shall be bound by their
decision, whether I be prepared or not. 1 have
thought of this question; I have read sufficiently
to make up my own mmd; but every honoiable
member will understand that on an argument of
a question of this kind, authorities must be re-
ferred to, facts must be collected, in order to pre-
sent the subject in such a manneraswiil conduce
to impress the body.
Now, sir, I leave it to the decision of the Senate
altogether. I have no personal motive whatever
for delay in this proceeding. On the contrary,
for myself, individually, i would a j^i-eat deal
lather (as 1 find now it is the sense ot tin- Somite
to make the deteimmation) u weie made at an
early day; but 1 do want to be heaid on full piep-
aration, I admit. If the Senate, arrer wliut I
ha\e stated to them, deem that the time proposed
is sufficient, since this motion was brought in on
Thuisday, and that it is my duty to be n.idy at
once to express my vuew^, of coiuse I must obey
their mandate, and go on at once, though my ar-
gument may be more imperfect than 1 couiu d<-
snc to make it: though 1 may beohh^'d to leave
out some references which 1 should wish to make.
1 am in the hands of the Senate in that respect.
1 leave the matter < nurely to the decision of the
Senate, with the statement 1 have made; but it
does seem to ine that it cannot bo assumed, as I
think it was assumed ui the debate of I'Yuhiv,
that 'lie Senate has made up its mind on ibis
question. There aie many new Senators' sorted.
In the old body there was serious division ol
opinion on tins very question, and when the di-
rect question was up, a majority weie against the
measure so far as they voted. The membei s who
have become members of the Senan- for the fiist
tl'Il'1 « !U.", "! ' otr K ' en  ) •)' it tie ' "> bi 
l; 0"  :o I'w.i v. :f h t ill ^ rju°s't i'Oi, t!0 ve }*> \ fs1 -
K ;>o as to give to such a ( oiietitunon-'l
qu.sfioo a pi.opei decision; yet th'ne can be no
doubt that the Senate is the proper tribunal in this
case, m ieference to its own members, judicially
