1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•MP
refuse to tax the country to the fullest extent it can
bear.
Believing1, as I do, that this measure is a judi-
cious and wise one, and that it is an instrument-
ality which can effect some considerable good, and
no harm, I am in favor of it. I cannot conceive
how it can do any possible harm. It certainly
will, to a very considerable extent, prevent spec-
ulation. As to the proposition of my colleague
[Mr. Boutwell] to anticipate the payment of
coupons, with or without rebate, I cannot con-
ceive how that can produce any considerable ef-
fect any way. It may deplete the Treassry to
some extent, and it may prevent, in some slight
degree,thisacfcumulation ofgold in thesub-Treas-
ury, but it will not have the desired effect of pre-
venting speculation; and that, I take it, is what
we want to accomplish, i cannot conceive how
any true patiiot, how anyone who desires to for-
ward the true interests of the country, can fail
to see that this speculative spirit is encouraged
and promoted by the refusal of (he House to put
into the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury
this power to sell his surplusgold. I cannot see
how any person who is in favor of this Admin-
istration, and who has voted to intrust the Ad-
ministration with that vast amount of power ne-
cessary to be placed in its hands, can refuse to
put this additional power into the hands of one in
whom there is so much confidence.
In my judgment, Mr. Speaker, even if the Sec-
retary of the Treasury does not sell one single
dollar of gold in this way, still the very fact that
the stock-jobbers of the country know that that
power is in his hands and can be used at any
time, will do a good deal toward preventing spec-
ulation in gold, and will very much reduce its
price. I do not anticipate that the Secietary of
the Treasury will find it necessary to dispose of
any considerable amount of gold. At all events
I feel certain that he will not dispose of any that
there is any reasonable chance of his needing to
redeem the maturing obligations of his Depart-
ment. But, as I said just now, even if he does
not sell a single dollar of gold, the fact of his hav-
ing the power to do so will be productive of great
good.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I am opposed
to the proposition adopted on motion of my col-
league, [Mr. Boutwell,] and am in favor of (he
Senate amendment giving this power to the Sec-
retary. I do not say that I should be in favor of
his exercising it. I do not believe that he will
exercise it often. Perhaps he would never exer-
cise it. We know his carefulness. We know his
prudence. We know his desire to provide forall
the exigencies of the Treasury, prospective as well
as in the present. Knowing that, 1 do not see
how any gentleman on this side of the House can
think that the Secretary of the Treasury will ex-
ercise that power unwisely by selling gold that
the Treasury may require. If theie is more gold
on hand than can he required, if certainly would
be wise to sell it; and when it is sold th<- exllcts
of that act will be seen on the market.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if there was a lar^e surplus I
■of §20,000,000 of jrold in the Treasury, what
would be the benefit of selling it at tiit> present
time as affecting our pecuniary interests? Even
supposing that u did not result in reducing the
price of gold much, it would at least have the
cffect of putting in the Treasuiy froui thirty to
thirty-throe millions of actual capital, and saving
the interest on it for several months, till next
July. If we have $20,000,000 of gold in the
Tieasury which we can spare, and which will
not be needed till next July, and if we sell that
gold atits present puce, and theie should be no va-
riation in prices between nowand then, we should
have the advantage of the use of $30,000,000 or
more, and save lour months' interest upon it,
which, at two per cent., would be $600,000 or
more. Is not that worth saving? IT,very man
'van cipher on* that ad vantage, and see that it is
exactly so. If we have $20,000,000 in gold now
to spare, and the Secretary of the Treasury sees
that it will not be wanted till July, then he can not
only save six or eight hundred thousand dollars
in interest, but also relieve the Government from
so much of its present indebtedness. That'will
be a iar^e arid positive saving, besides promoting
the credit of the Government-, because every dol-
lar you can avoid goingjnto the marketand obtain-
ing by loan helps the credit of the Government so
much, and this is no inconsiderable benefit to the
Government.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that this is a plain
proposition so far as that goes. Then I say that
we have a right to governmental protection against
these speculations. The merchants ofthe country,
the manufacturers of the country, the business
people of the country, have a right to.expect that
the Government will do all it can to protect them
against the spirit of speculation.
Now, sir, 1 have not received a letter from a
single merchant, I have not found an individual
who had large possessions and large business in-
terests, who does not feel that this power placed
in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury, if
properly exercised, will be productive of good.
Not an individual of large busi ness interests I have
conversed with, not a correspondent of that char-
acter, and I have many such all over the country,
with one exception, and that is agentleman who
has long since retired Horn active mercantile busi-
ness, though formerly a gentleman of large busi-
ness connections—with that single exception I
have not received a letter that has not advised this
thing as productive of considerable good.
As I said before, I do not think that it will be
productive of such vast results assomethink for;
that, independent and alone, it will njt accom-
plish very much. But it is as certain as we live,
as certain as that time rolls on, that unless we pro-
tect the currency of the country in every possible
way, and raise by taxation all we can to give an
earnest to the people of our purpose and determ-
ination to sustain the credit of the Government
in every possible manner; I say that unless we do
that before Congress adjourns, you will see the
paper of tins Government not worth in gold fifty
cents on the dollar. No, sir, not worth fifty cents
on the dollar. With such immense resources as
we have, such unbounded wealth, with such pa-
triotism as the people exhibit, if we will only sup-
ply, by taxation and such incidental legislation as
this measuic pi opuses, the wants ofthe Govern-
mental the present time, we shall sustain the credit
of the Government to the fullest extent, and as
the credit of no Government ever was sustained
through such a trial since the world began. But
everything depends upon our legislation. If we
do not give adequate legislation, then we have
everything to fear and nothing to hope.
I will conclude by saying that I do hope the res-
olution as it came from the Senate will be adopted
by the House. If we were unwise the other day
in passing a resolution which we did, I hope that
the House will bo wise enough, if convinced that
it was wiong, to back outof that action, and not
adhere to it on account of any pride of opinion.
We have everything to encourage and guide us in
the history and experience of other nations, and
in their example, guided by the light of their ex-
perience, we may see the way to a safe solution of
our embarrassments. With such boundless re-
sources and unexampled energies as the American
people po?>&<-s>, nothing can lum or even cripple
us but inxu*uc«ent or misjudged legislation.
Mr. COUrWELL. Mr. Speaker, it is desi-
rable that the vote should bo taken tin's evening,
and after ma king the remarks I design to submit,
I intend to demand the previous question. I un-
derstand that that will be satisfactory to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. They will have their
hour for reply.
Mr. HULBUHD. I am opposed to (he pas-
sage of this resolution as it has come back from
the Senate. If the resolution must pass at all, I
gieatfy prefer it in the shape in which it left this
House, the slmpo proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Ootjtwfll ] The gentle-
man fioni Massachusetts who has just spoken
[Mr. Allev] said that his correspondence indi-
cates that it is very desirable that this resolution
should pass as it came from the Senate. I wish
to say to htm that I have correspondence which
indicates entirely a different thing, i hold in my
hand now a paper written by a gentleman fiom
New York—and who is not on that side of the
House, either—who says that if this measure
passes m the shape the Senate gave it, gold in the
city of New York will be two hundred percent,
within sixty days; that the very fact that that
resolution requires that there shall be five days'
notice of sale given willgive the brokers in New
York ample time to prepare themselves to take
up any amount of gold which the Secretary has
in his vaults to dispose of, and" that instead oftte-
preciating gold it will positively tend, to raide'the
price. - ^ ' ■ - rv ;
But there is another objection to this meagre.
The act of 1862 pledged the application oftftis,.
gold to the payment of interest on the public debt,
and one per cent., by way of a sinking fuml, in
all time to come, on the entire debt of this Gov-
ernment. This resolution of the Senate ignores
the latter provision of that act. Its passage; will
be a fatal stab to the credit of this;Governm^nt,
and I adjure members of this House to pausfe be-
fore they adopt the amendment ofthe Senate-to
this resolution. If we must confer such a power
let us give it in a proper and legitimate manner,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts proposes
to do it, having regard to the pledge of the public
faith made by the act of 1862. Any departure
from that will swing us loose from our moorings
and jeopardize and shake the financial credit,
faith, and stability of the Government.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I agree with my colleague
who addressed the House this morning {Mr.
Alley] that the passage ofthe joint resolution
as it comes from the Senate will have some effect
upon the price of gold; but I believe that the ef-
fect will be temporary only. The condition of
this country, its necessities and its fortunes, jus-
tify an attempt, at least, to put its financial affairs
upon a broader basis than is contemplated by
this resolution, either as it went from the House
or with the amendment introduced by the Senate.
It is a peculiar circumstance that thus far the
Secretary of the Treasury is not publicly com-
mitted in favor of the passage of this measure.
My opposition to granting authority to the Secre-
tary to sell gold does not proceed from the appre-
hension that he will exercise the authority un-
faithfully, or intentionally to the prejudice of the
public interest; but I am opposed to granting this
power because, in the first place, I think we have
no right to grant it. I do not speak of right in
the sense ol power, but I mean to say that we
have no moral right to granttheauthority. In the
next place, if I were satisfied that we had the right
I should still think it unwise in the highest de-
gree to exercise it.
It has been observed that when this resolution
passed the House and.went to the Senate, gold
advanced from three to five per cent, in the markets
of New York. On Saturday it declined six or
seven per cent, below the highest rate previously
attained. I trust no man will be influenced in his
vote by a fact of this character, for it can be ex-
plained in several ways. It may be explained by
supposing that the men who deal in gold, having
the opinion—the honest opinion very likely—that
the passage of this measure will produce a tempo-
rary depreciation in (he price, prepared themselves
for that event. Or the rise in price may have been
a device on their part to secure a grant of author-
ity to the Secretary to make the proposed sales.
But it does not follow that the passage of this
resolution in either shape—the shape in which it
passed the House or that in which it passed the
Senate—is calculated to effect permanently the
price of gold, Wc are to judge the measure with
reference to its effect upon the country generally,
and through a long period of time. In what I
say, I address myself to a condition of war. If
we soon obtam peace, as I trust we may by the
success of our arms, the character of our financial
measures will be comparatively unimportant.
Considering the resources of the country, the ca-
pacity of its people, and its productive power in a
time of peace, we feel assuied that the nation can
rise superior to the effects of unfortunate or even
unwise legislation; but in discussing this measure
I address myself to the probable condition of the
country should the war continue not only during
the year 1864 but also during the year 1865.
If the war shall or shall not thus continue, what
is to be the condition of the country in reference to
the supply and use of coin? In the financial year of
1864-65 there is to be a demand for coin to the
extent of $85,000,000. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has estimated the receipts from the custom-
houses for the same period of time at $70,000,000}
showing a deficit of $15,000,000.
Sir, I never heard of this bill until the morning
when it was called up for consideration by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and on which I
submitted my amendment to the House. When
the resolution was presented my mind went back to
