1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
near Bermuda Hundred that there has been sharp fighting,
and that the troops and tiains of the enemy were, as he
writer, moving across the Appomattox as if retreating, j
Hancock is not near enough to render General Smith any !
aid. The Richmond papers have nothing to indicate a
suspicion of our crossing the James river. They expect to
be attacked from the direction of Malvern IIill.
City Poikt, Virginia.,
June 15,1864, 7.30 p. m.
Our latest report from Smith was at 4.04 p. m. He had
carried a line of intrenohments at Beatty's* House, the col-
ored troops assaulting and carrying the rifle-pits with great
gallantry, but he had not yet carried the main line. He
desciibes the rebel artillery fire as very heavy. He ex-
pected to assault this line just before dark. Hancock is
within three miles of Smith.
Uixr Point, Virginia, 7 a.m., June 16, 1864,
via Jamestown Island, 11.43 a. m.
At 7.20 p. in. yesterday, Smith assaulted and carried the
principal line of the enemy before Petersburg, taking thir-
teen cannon, several stands of color*, and between three
and four hundred prisoners. This line is two miles from
Peter^bmg. Hancock got up and took position on Smith's
left at 3 a. m. to-day. Thete was heavy firing in that di-
rection from 5 to 6. No report yet.
Donthard Landing, Virginia,
1 p. in., June 16, 18o4.
After sending my dispatch of this morning from the
heights southeastof Petersburg, 1 went over the conquered
lines with General Grant and the engineer officers. The
works are of the very strongest kind, more difficult even to
take than was Missionary Ridge, at Chattanooga. The
hardest fighting was done by tiie black tioops. The forts
th' y stormed were, I think, the worst of all. After the
affair was over, General Smith went to thank them and tell
them he was proud of their courage and dash. He says
th«*y cannot be exceeded as soldiers, and that hereafter he
will send them in a difficult place as readily as the best
white troops. They captured six out of the sixteen cannon
which he took. The prisoners he took were from Beaure-
gard's command. Some of them said they had just crossed
the Jamps above Drury's Bluff. 1 do not tfnnk any of
Lee's army had reached Petersburg when Smith stormed
it. They seem to be there this morning, however, arid to
be making arrangements to hold the west side of the Appo-
mattox. The town they cannot think of holding, for it lies
directly under our guns. The weather continues splendid.
Citt Point, Virginia, June 16, 1864, 4.15 p.m.,
via Jamestown, 11.45 p. m.
General Butler reports from Bermuda Hundred that the
enemy have abandoned the works in fiont of that place.
His troops are now engaged In tearing up the railroad be-
tween Petersburg and Richmond.
The following dispatch dof ■? not designate the hour, but
it is supposed to be later than the preceding ones;
Jamestown, Virginia, June 16,1864.
I came down from the pontoon above Fort Powhatan
with dispatches for Secretary Stanton. Just as I leftCap-
tain Ptlkin reported to me that Petersburg was in our pos-
session.
Nothing of a recent date has been heard from General
Sheridan, but the Richmond Whig of the loth conuins a
dispatch liom General Lee stating that Sheridan had been
jouted in an engagement with Fitz Lee and Hampton,
losing five hundred prisoners, and leaving his dead and
wounded on the field.
From General Sherman, a dispatch dated last night at
9 p. m., has been received. It only statos the relative
portion of the forces. No seiious engagement had yet oc-
curred.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Sea vtuiy of War.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker House of Representatives.
The rending of the communication was followed
by loud applause on the floor and in the galleries.
REBELLION LOSSES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 212) to provide for ascer-
taining and adjusting claims against the Govern-
ment for injury or destruction of property by the
Ai my of the United States, or by militaiy author-
ity, during the present rebellion.
Air. HALE. It will be recollected that this
bill was before the House some two rftonths ago.
It was printed, and I suppose it has been exam-
ined by the members of the House. A bill sub-
stantially like this was first referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and that committee
reported favorably upon it to the House.
This bill is well understood by the members of
the House. It is an important bill. It contains no
appropriation of money. It provides merely for
tin investigation of claims arisingagainst the Gov-
ernment for property destroyed by the Govern-
ment during this war, and the facts are to be re-
ported to Congress. It does not include any
•claims for slaves, nor are the claims of any ^is-
loval men to be included. A man must prove his
loyalty before his claim can be considered. Com-
missioners are to be appointed to take testimony
on both sides, and report it to Congress, so that
Congress canactinteHigentiy. The bill does not
commit Congress to the appropriation of any
money. It merely provides for perpetuating the
testimony in relation to these claims, and 1 think
the justice and fairness of the bill will commend
it to every member of the House. It is a well-
known fact that a considerable amount of prop-
erty has been taken by the Government from loyal,
citizens for its dwn use, and has been either de-
stroyed or consumed. We have by express en-
actment taken away from the Court of Claims
jurisdiction in these cases. It therefore becomes
necessary that we should create some tribunal
where these claimants can be heard, and itseems
to me that it is not only wisdom and sound policy
but strict justice that we shall at leastgive to loyal
citizens who have lost property by the action of
the Government permission to prove their claims
before commissioners appointed by friie Govern-
ment.
This bill authorizes the commissioners to take
testimony on both sides, and provides that there
shall be a solicitor to cross-examine the witnesses
for the claimants, and to subpena and examine
witnesses in behalf of the Government. Now, it
is a well-known fact that the Committee of Claims
are obliged to act very much in the dark in such
cases, and in many instances it is impossible for
us to get at tlje truth of a case. We have to rely
on ex parte testimony. The Government not
represented, and there is no opportunity of cross-
examining the witnesses. The object of this bill.
is to obviate that difficulty and provide for a fair
hearing on both sides, so that Congress r..ay
know the true state of the case, and be able to
'act intelligently. It seems to me that now, when
the witnesses are still in existence, and the facts
are fresh in their recollection, it is certainly the
proper time to ascertain the facts, in order that
at some future time we may do justice not only
to the claimants but to the Government.
These are the principal features of the bill now
before the House. Unless some gentleman de-
sires to oppose the bill, I shall move the previous
question. I would not do it but for the fact that
the bill has been piinted and has been discussed
heretofore, and its provisions aie known to the
members of the House.
Mr. FENTON. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to whotn these commission-
ers are to report.
Mr. HALE. They are to be appointed by the
President.
Mr. FENTON. To whom are they to make
their reports?
Mr. HALE. To the Secretary of War.
Mr. FENTON. Does the bill provide that the
Secietary of War shall from time totimesubmit
their reports to Congress?
Mr. HALE. It does.
Mr. FENTON. Is this bill substantially the
same as the bill reported by the Committee of
Claims of the last Congress?
Mr. HALE. -It is the same bill with some
modifications.  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
which the last House of Representatives de-
feated.
Mr. HALE. Let the bill be read.
The Cierk read the bill.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania give way to me for a moment?
Mr. HALE. What does the gentleman de-
sire?
Mr. FENTON. I desire to make a proposi-
tion. I will take no advantage o#any courtesy
the gentleman may accord to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania does not propose
to call the previous question on a bill of this mag-
nitude.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, i want the unanimous con-
sent of the House that a small amendment may
made in the internal revenue bill beforeHgoes to
the committee of conference, to define whatu pea
coal" means. AVe have not defined it at all in the
bill, and i understand that great fiauds have been
practiced by parties returning as " pea coal,
which is exempt from tax, what they afterwards
sell as "chestnut coal," which is an article that
is taxed. :
I simply, want.to insert a provision 'tha' coal
which will pass through.afiVeeighths'ahSotSf a
three eighthsin'ch mesh shulibe considered as pea
coal. That is what it ought tobe; < that is the way!
they define it in the trade; but there being no-
legal definition, they are "taking adiantage.offlifci
fact to defraud theGovernment. 1 ask the una#-;
imous consent, therefore, to insert after the word'
ton,"in the fourteenth iine/page 134,.the words'
" that can pass through a five cightlisiand over-®!
three .eighths inch .meslt shall bi: considered' pea-
coal,"- - - . : i - :
Mr. .GARFIELD. I -wish to. suggest to ilia1
gentleman from Pennsyl vania whether he cannot
at the same time put in a sentence fixing the
weight of a ton at two thousand pounds ^instead"
of the long ton of two thousand two hundred and.
forty pounds. I have conversed with the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania on the subject, and
think there is a concurrence between us as to tte
propriety of that provision. s
Mr. STEVENS. 1 am afraid there will be ob-
jection to that. I ask the unanimous consent to
introduce the amendment I have suggested.
There being no objection, the amendment waa>
received and adopted. . '
Mr.PRUYN. I desire to ask a question in re-
lation to one feature of this tax bill, whetherthere-
is any provision or reservation in favor of State
licenses? .
. Mr. STEVENS. That is provided for. • ; >
Mr. PENDLETON.' If the gentleman will:
turn to page 91 of the bill, hie will find this pro-
vision:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be held or con-
strued so as to prevent the several States, witlnn the limits
theieof, fiom placing a duty, tax, or license, for State pur-
poses, or any business matter or thing oil which a duty, tax,
or license Is required to be paid by law, nor shall any law
of any State or Territory prohibiting any trade, business, or
profession, be hotel to exempt or excuse any person follow-
ing or being engaged in any such,.trade, business, or pro-
fession, from the payment of the license tax herein re-
quired.
Mr. PRtTYN. That covers the ground.
Mr. MORRILL. Since the attention of the
House has been directed to this matter, I desire
the unanimous consent of the House to make an-
other slight amendment in the tax bill. The six
hundred and twenty-sixth amendment of the Sen-
ate, which the House has concurred in, contains
this provision:
And provided furiher, That no direct tax whatever
shall be assessed or collected, under this or any other" act
of Congress heretofore passed, until Congress shall cnnct
another law requiring such assessment 'and collcction to
he made. , <
This provision applies not only to the ioyttl
States but to the rebel States, and would prevent
the Government at any future time from collect-
ing this first direct tax which has not been as-
sessed or collected in the rebel States. I think,
that was not the object of the House, and for the
purpose of reserving the power of modifying the
amendmentso as to leave the Government at lib-
erty to collect this first tax in the rebel States, I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to non-
concur in this amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
Mr. WILSON. I ask my colleague to with-
draw his amendment for a moment, until I can
make a suggestion. 1 request the gentleman from
Vermont to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to concurin the amendment of the Senate,
reserving the right to collect the direct tax au-
thorized by the act of 1861 in the States in which
it has not been collected.
Mr. MORRILL. I will so modify my prop-
osition, and I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object. It is im-
possible to understand its effect.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will explain the effect of
it. The language of the repealing clause goes'too
far,and repeals the direct tax^not only in the loyal
States but in the disloyal also, where it has never
been assessed or collected. Now, what 1 propose
is merely to concur in the amendment of the Sen-
ate, reserving the right, to collect the tax in the
rebel States.
Mr. HOLMAN. For fear of misunderstand-
ing, 1 shall have to insist on my objectian.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the attention of the
gentleman from Indiana for a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN.' I say to the gentleman from
Iowa thatj shall not for the present give my con-
sent to that amendment.
