THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17.
. REBELLION LOSSES—AGAIN.
Mr. FENTON. Idesire only to say that I am
in favor of the object of this hill, but I am not in
favor of all the methods provided for carrying it
out. 1 therefore ask that sections one and two
of House bill No. 401 of the last Congress as re-
ported by the Committee of Claims may be sub-
stituted for sections one and two of this bill. The
bill will then, receive ray cordial assent. My
reasons for these changes are these: the bill- of
last Congress proposed three commissioners and
one solicitor, at a salary in gross of $12,000, with
authority t  hold their courts in the different States
or localities: where it, might ba found necessary.
The present-bill provides for five commissioners,
With different districts* ten officers in all, with a
salary in gross of $25,000. I desire to avoid this
large number of officers and of commissioners. I
believe that the basiness should be intrusted to
owe general commissioner, with authority and un-
der direction to report to the Secretary of War, as
provided in this, bill, and for him to submit such
reports to Congress from time to time. I there-
fore have to, suggest to the Committee of Claims
that, this bill will receive a larger support and be
more generally satisfactory in my judgment if the
amendments which I propose are accepted. I
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he
will accept the amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannotaccept the amendments, as the bill
is a report from the committee.
Mr. FENTON. I did not wish to take the floor
from the gentleman from Pennsylvania to move
these amendments without his consent. If he de-
sires to renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion, of course I will not offer the amendments; but
if he does not I will.
, Mr. HALE. I am not authorized by the Com-
mittee of Claims to accept the amendments sug-
gested by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman yield the
floor to me that X may move the amendments?
Mr. HALE. I do not believe that they would
be an improvement on the bill. We have made
these districts as small as we thought they should
be made, so as to have the law efficient. They
comprise a large extent of territory, quite too
large already; and if we should make the districts
larger there would be nothing done under the bill.
The committee has considered the bill very care-
fully; and I hope the gentleman from New York
■will not press his amendments.
Mr. FENTON. I have no doubt that this
whole subject should be under one general com-
mission. I um opposed to this division of labors,
and in favor of that uniformity which should
characterize the decisions of the commissioners.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me that-1 may suggest
two or three amend meats to the first section of
the bill.
Mr. HALE. , I will hear them.
Mr, WILSON. 1 propose to amend the first
section by inserting the word " loyal," so as to
make it read, "and one commissioner and one
solicitor for those loyal Slates not included in the
foregoing districts.'' As the section now stands
the commissioners will have jurisdiction of all
the rebel Slates, of claims of citizens of all the
States in rebellion.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will see by the
last section of the bill that the provision is en-
tirely confined to loyal citizens. Now, a loyal
man may be in a rebel State, and may lose his
property in a rebel State,
Mr. WILSON. I only want to ascertain the
intention of the committee, whether they intend
to have the jurisdiction of the commissioners ex-
tend to all the rebel States as well as the loyal.
Mr. HALE. Certainly. 1 ask, why should
not a loyal man residing in a rebel Siate be paid
for his losses as well as a loyal man elsewhere?
Mr. WILSON. I do not desire to argue the
question now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of orilor. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hale] cannot yield the floor unless
he yields it unconditionally. He has brought in
a bill of eight printed pages, and proposes to put
it through under the previous question, holding'
the floor at his own option. Now, unless he
yields the floor entirely, I object to his yielding
it at all.
Mr. FENTON. If the gentleman yields the
floor unconditionally, I will claim it.
Mr. WILSON. As the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects to my amendment, I desire to
suggest another.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. It is to insert after the word
" President " in the first section the words "not
being residents of the district for which they are
appointed;" so that it will read:
Who shall severally hold their respective offices during
the pleasure of the President, not being residents of the
district for which they are appointed.
The object is to have persons entirely disin-
terested to act as commissioners*.
Mr. HALE. I have not the least objection to
that amendment.
Mr. WILSON. With the gentleman's per-
mission I will suggest another amendment to
which I think no one will object, and that is after
the word "salary," in the sixteenth line, first
section, insert " at the rate ofand in the sev-
enteenth line after the words "per annum" the
words " for the time actually employed;" so that
it will read:
That there shall hp appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, one commissioner and one solicitor of claims for the
district composed ot the States of Maiyland, Pennsylvania,
the District of Columbia, and Virginia; one commissioner
and o^ie solicitor for the district composed*bf the States of
West Virginia, Ohio, and Indiana; one commissioner and
one solicitor for the district composed of the States of Ten-
nessee and Kentucky; onecommissionerand one solicitor
''lor the disuict composed of the States of Illinois, Missouri,
and Kansas; and one commissioner and one solicitor for
those States not included in the foregoing districts, who
shall severally hold their respective offices during the
pleasure of the President, and be entitled lor their services
to a salary at the rate of $2,500 each perannnm for the
time actually employed, to be paid quarterly out of any
money in the Trea&my not otherwise appioprtated, and
such other sums as shall be necessarily and unavoidably
expended by them for stationeiy and office rent in the dis-
charge of their duties under this act, and certified as rea-
sonable by the Secretary of War oi First Compti oiler of the
Treasury.
Mr. HALE. 1 Imvc no objection to the gen-
tleman from Iowa offering his amendment, but it
will amount to nothing. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Hale, were appointed.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 55,
noes 50..
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
th® negative—yeas 57, nays 73, not voting 52; as
follows: *
TEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Arnold, Ashley, John L) Baldwin, Baxter, Beatnan, Blaine,
Btnitwcll, Br.uidogce, Chanler, Ambiose VV. Clcuk, Free-
man Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Doming. Dixon, Eckley,
Farnswoith, Fenton, Iligby, Asahcl W. Hubbaid, John H.
Hubbard, llulbuid, IngtnWll, Julian, Kelley, Orlando Kel-
logg, Knox, Loan,McClui<r, McIndoe,Moirill, Darnel Mor-
ris, Amos Myers, Orth, Pattei&on, Peiham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Puce, John II. Rice, Schenck, Seoiield, Shannon, Sloan,
Snntheis, Stevens, Thayei, Upson, Van Valkeuburgh, El-
iliu B. Washburne, Wilham B. Wasdibuin, Williams, Wil-
son, and Woodbridge—57.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Anderson,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss, Blow, Boyd,
Cravens, Ores well, Dawson, Demson, Driggs,Eden, Edger-
ton, Eldudgo, English, Finck, Frank, Ganson, Grider, Gris-
wold, Hale, Harding, Harrington, Charles M. tlarus, Hoi-
man, Ilotehkiss, llutehms, Philip Johnson, William John-
son, Kalbfieisch, Jveruan, Law, Eazear, Long, Mallory,
Marcy, McAllister, McDowell, Middicton, William H. Mil-
ler, Moorhead, James It. Mori is, Morrison, Leonard Myers,
Noble, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn,
Radford, Samuel J.Randall, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ross,
Scott, Smith, John B. Steele, Stilus:, Strouse, Stuart,*
Thomas, Wadsvvorth, Ward, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton
A- White, Joseph W. White, Wmdom, and Fernando
Wood—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Brooks, Broomall, James S.
Biown, William G. Brown, Clay, Coftroth, Cox, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Donnelly, Dumont, Eliot,45
Gatfield, Gooeh, Griimell, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Mer-
rick, Hooper, Jenckes, Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg, King,
Kriapp, Le Blond, Littlojohn, Longyeai, Marvin,McBride,
MeKmney, Samuel F. Miller, Nelson,Norton, John O'Neill,
William H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, llobmson, Edward
H. Rollins, Spalding. Starr, Stebhins William G. Steele,
Sweat, Tracy, Voorhees, Webster, Wilder, Winficld, Ben-
jamin Wood, and Yeaman—52.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and'Messrs. WiLsoNand
Blair were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ay.es 52, noes 48.
So the vote by which the previous question was
seconded was reconsidered.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
fof the previous question.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cravens
and Fenton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 54, noes 65.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the'previous question.
Mr. FENTON moved to strike out the follow-
ing:
That there shall be appointed by the President of the
United States, by and witir the advice and consent of the
Senate, one commissioner and one solicitor of claims for
the district composed of the Stales of Maryland, Pennsyl-
vania, the District of Columbia, and Virginia; one com-
missioner and one solicitor for the district composed of the
States of West Virginia, Ohio, and Indiana; one com-
missioner and one solicitor for the distrietcomposedof the
States ofTennessee and Kentucky; one commissioner and
one solicitor for the district composed of the States of Illi-
nois, Missouri, and Kansas; and one commissioner and
one solicitor for those States not included in the foregoing
districts, who shall severally hold their respective offices
during the pleasure of the President, and be entitled for
their services to a salary of $9,500 each per annum, to be*
paid quarterly outof any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, and such other sums as shall be neces-
saiijy mid unavoidably expended by them for-stntionrry and
office rent in the discharge of their duties under this act,
and certified as reasonable by the Secretary of War or
First Comptroller of the Treasury.
Sec. 2. Jlndbc itJin ther enacted, That each of said coin-
misMOners shall appoint a clerk for his district, who shall
hold his office during the pleasure of said commissioner,
and perform such duties as may be required of him under
this act, who shall receive a salary of $1,600; and the com-
missioner may from time to time employ a marshal, at a
compensation of four dollars per day for the time actually
employed by said marshal in biibpenaing witnesses for the
United States, and for such other duties as may be required
of him by the comim&sionei, which salary tothecIerk,and
compensation to the marshal, shall be paid quarteily, nut
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise nppropuated,
on the certificate of the commissioner. And said com- (
missionera, solicitors, cleiks, and marshals shall each take
and subscube an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and faithfully discharge the duties of their
respective offices, and shall, in addition, take and sub-
scribe the oath of allegiance required by the act of Con-
gress passed August 6, 1861, which oaths shall be filed in
the War Department.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
That there slmll be appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate,three commissioner® and one solicitor ofelaim>-,who
shall hold their offices during the pleasure of the President,
and be entitled for their services to a salary of $-3,000 each
per annum, to be paid quarterly out of any money in the
Treasuiy not otherwise appropiiated, and such other sum
as shall actually be expended or incurred by them for trav-
eling expenses in the disehaige of their duties under this
act, and certified as reasonable by the Secretary of War,
or First Comptroller of the Treasury. Each of suit! com-
missioners and solicitor, before entenng upon the discharge
of his duties, shall take and subscribe an oath to support
the Constitution of the United Suite*, and faithfully dis-
charge the duties of said office; and shall also take and
subscribe the oath of Jillegiance required by the actof Au-
gust 0,18(51; which oath shall be filed In the War Depart-
ment.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That said commission-
ers shall appoint a clerk and marshal, who shall hold their
ufiices during the pleasure of said cotnmissioneis, and per-
form such duties as may be required of them under this
act. The clerk shall receive a salary of $1,600 and the
maishal a salary of $1,0UU per annum, to be paid quarteily
from the Treasury; and m addition the amount which they
shall actually expend for traveling expenses in the dis-
charge ot their duties under this act, and which shall be
ceitified as reasonable by the Secretary of War, or Firs;
Comptroller of the Treasury. Before entering upon the dis-
charge of their duties, said clerk and marshal shall each
take and subscribe an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, and faithfully discharge the duties of said
office, and shall in addition take and subscribe the oath of
allegiance required by the act of Congress passed August
6, 1S61; which oaths shall be filed in the War Deparunent.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, by unanimous con-
sent, to insert in the repealing section in reference
to the direct tax the following: <
But this shall not be construed to repeal or postpone the
a^e^&ment or collection of the first direct mx levied or
which should be levied under the act entitled " An act to
provide increased revenue from import.*, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes,*> approved August
5, 1861, nor in any way to affect the legality of said tax or
any process or remedy provided in said act or any other
act for the enforcement or collection of tiiqeame in any
