1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14.
eertain thoughts I had had touching our finances,
one of which was that tl# time was coming when it
would bedifficult for the Government to secure spe-
,cie enough to meet its liabilities. I-had suggested
privately to my colleague who is upon the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Hooper] the
propriety of imposing a tax on cotton to be paid
m specie. I thought that such a tax might give
us from twenty to forty million dollars in specie,
which might be appropriated to the payment of
the interest on the public debt in coin. In this
connection, atjd naturally, I was led to reflect on
the measure proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means. I supposed that instead of a surplus
of coin in the next sixteen months there would
be a deficiency. Speculators, who are notrespons-
ible for the financial condition of the country, may
give advice, either wise or unwise, without care
or thought; but I feel bound to submit that, in
accordance with the doctrines of the Constitution
and the principles of liberty which wo have in-
herited from our ancestors on the other side of
the Atlantic, the responsibility for the financial
condition of the country rests upon this House;
and I submit def'eientially that whoever upon
this floor takes into consideration the financial
condition of the country until July next only, and
omits the year that is to follow, fails to compre-
hend the great facts upon which the safety of the
Republic rests. We must look to the next year
as well as to this. Sir, 1 was bred to business,
and early instructed in the principle or rule of
commercial safety, that a merchant who has a
surplus of funds which he does not need for the
purpose of meeting his immediate liabilities, but
who has paper maturing the next month or the
month after, instead of going into the market and
loaning his temporary surplus to his neighbor, or
investing it in stocks or real estate, should go to
his creditors and anticipate his indebtedness, and
thus provide for his liabilities and sustain hia
credit.
Is not, the Government to-day in the position
of a debtor who has more money than he needs
at the moment, but who will be called upon in
tho next four, six, or twelve months to pay an
amount which he cannot obtain in the ordinary
course of business during the months when the
indebtedness is to mature?
The purpose of this resolution, as adopted by
the House, is to relieve the Treasury of a tempo-
rary surplus which, it is alleged by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means—and the. force of their
statement I did not fail to see—is affecting unfa-
vorably the business of the country. It was my
purpose, by anticipating the payment of the in-
terest coupons from time to time, to carry the
temporary surplus of the present financial year
over to the year 18C4-65, when, according to the
estimates of the Secretary, there will be a defi-
ciency., ^1 thought it a wise proposition, I sub-
mit deferentially to the House that the fuels have
not changed. A member of the Committee of
Ways and Mean«, [Mr. Hooper,] whom 1 honor
as my colleague, stated to the House in the ori-
ginal debate that there would be a surplus of from
ten to twelve million dollars on the 1st of July
next. This surplus of £12,000,000, added to the
estimated receipts lor the year 1864-65, makes an
aggregate of $,82,000,000. You will be called to
pay, during the year 1864-65, $85,000,000; so
that, it these estimates ai*e correct, theie will still
be a deficit of $3,000,000.
And now the proposition submitted to the X-Iou^c
and the country is, (hat instead of applying this
temporary surplus of ten or twelve millionslo the
payment of coupons that are to be paid in com
unless the Government intends to repudiate, the
Secretary of the Treasury shall go into the market
and sell this com. One of two things must then
happen if these estimates are true and if the war
continues—-and ail that I say is on thatassump-
tion—yoa will cither refuse in the year 1864-65
to pay your interest in coin, or yon will go into
the market and hay coin for the purpose at the
cheapest price at which you can get it. This
Government is in the condition in regard to money
in which U would be in reference to bread for the
Army if there was a short crop of grain, and the
Government, having control of a quantity neces-
sary for the maintenance of the Army, and more
than could be used within the next three months,
but noliiaviugasurpius beyond the requirements
of the next twelve months, should, in order to
forcc down the pi ice, sell that which it had in
store, put it into the hands of speculators ready
to buy it, and then trust to the tender mercies of
greedy men when the exigencies of the country
should demand bread for the Army at any cost.
We have, temporarily, a surplus of money.
And what is the proposition? To take ten or
twelve millions, a temporary surplus, put it into
the markets of New York, sell it to the specula-
tors who will make a ring large enough to buy it,
(they can hold it for six months for two and a
half or three per cent.,) and when your exigencies
comc,when the day of your distress is upon you,
as it will be, if the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury are right, you will be in the power
of these men. I askwhetherthe Representatives
of the people are prepared to authorizea measure
so fruitful of disaster if the war shall continue?
It is said that the Secretary of the Treasury is
not likely to act under your authority. There is
no man on this floor whose confidence in the Secre-
tary of the Treasury exceeds mine. I have known
him personally, I have known him somewhat in-
timately, and 1 believe that no public officer, from
the establishment of the Government till now,
has exercised his high trusts with a more sincere
and conscientious regard fur the interests of'the
countty. But if is not the officer that is to be
clothed with this authority; it is the office. I
am free to say that I do not mean to vote to intrust
any public officer with authority except on the
ground of necessity; and while I do not hesitate
to give my vote for all necessary authority to en-
able the Executive to carry on this war; while I
am not troubled with the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus; while I have no apprehension
that the liberties of the jvoplc of the country are
to be wrested from them, 1 yet maintain that itis
no time, when we ou  conferring groat and unex-
ampled powers on executive olFieers that arc ne-
cessary to be conferred, to confer upon them also
powers that are unnecessary. This is the time,
ifevor, to withhold authority notabsolutely neces-
sary, in oider that if it should happen that there
should be an attempt to abuse any of the powers
which in good faith we have granted, we may still
have in our hands the means of reclaiming those
abused poweis fiom unfaithful public servants.
Mi1. ALLEY. 1 desire to ask my colleague if
lie knows anything more necessary than to pro-
tect the currency of the country in the present
emergency, and whether he does not believe, as
wedo, thatthe possession by iho Secretary of the
Treasury of the powers that we propose to give
him, would, to some extent at least, protect the
currency ?
Mr.LOUTWELL. T will say to my colleague
in all frankness that if I had no more faith in the
efficacy of this measure than was expressed by
him m his remarks to-day, I certainly should not
vote font. I do noM.hmk this measure necessary
to protect the currency. It will prove a pallia-
tive, not a remedy.
Mr. ALLEY. Will my colleague answer me
further? Docs he not believe, if the Secretary of
the Treasury should not exercise that power, the
fact of his possessing that power will prevent, to
a considerable extent, speculation in gold?
Mr. EOUT WELL. Theehiefelement which
enteis into speculation evcrywheie is uncertainty
Uncertainty is the basis of speculation. This
measure, as it comes from the Senate, introduces
into the business of the country a new element of
uncertainty, to wit, the will of the Secretaiy of the
Treosurv.
Mr. HIGBY. Would not our finances be in a
firmer condition by the passage of tin House bill,
without the Senate amendments, than its passage
with those amendments, and be agieater ohtck
upon speculation in the publiccredfts ? When a
surplus of gold had accumulated would not the
anticipation of payment, and makingpaymentm
amount as paper should demand, he far more
powerful in controlling the market than to allow
the putchase of Government paper at the lowest
price it could be obtained at in maiket?
Mr.BOUTWELL. Igiveanalfirmativeanswer
to those questions as far as I understand them.
Mr. Speaker, I was saying, when interrupted, i
that one of the chief elements of speculation is .
uncertainty. We know very well that the pre- '
miums on maritime risks in time of war ate nut i
based upon actual losses iiorn }.. i\ute : hut apon j
the uppiehenoions and (jarj <>i tiie un«. ivvi ,
of what those losses may possibly be. Now, if
you give to the Secretary of the Treasury the
power to sell gold in addition to the power he
now has to buy gold, it will always Oe an ele-
ment of uncertainty in the gold market in addi-
tion to those elements which exist at present;
and a merchant or speculator buying gold or sell-
ing gold will always take into account the fact
that the Secretary of the Treasury may go into
the market and buy or sell gold and force it tem-
porarily above or below the price at which it was
held on the day of the sale or purchase.
There is yet another objection to giving the
Secretary of the Treasury this power. "VVe do
not know whether he will exercise it or not; and
this House ought not to confer power unless it
believes that an exigency will exist when he
ought to exercise it. 1 believe no such exigency
can exist while the law of 1862 remains upon the
statute-book. On the 25th of February, 1862, the
Congress of the United States passed a loan bill
asking the country and the world to furnish
|)500,000,000 to enable us to carry on the war.
in that bill we introduced two pledges. The
first was that nothing but coin should be received
in payment of custom-house duties. Secondly,
that this coin should bo appropriated, first to the
payment of the interest on the public debt, and
secondly, that a sinking fund should be created
by the use of the coin in purchase of bonds equal
to one per cent, of the whole public debt. The
balance, if any, was to go into the general Treas-
ury. What is the proposition which comes to
us from the Senate? It contains, to be sure, a
promise to secure the payment of the interest on
the public debt, but no attention is given to the
second great pledge, the establishment of a sink-
ing fund, which each year should be increased in
an amount equal to one per cent, of the public
debt. The redemption of this pledge will require
for the years 1863-04 and ISO 1-65 not less than
§15,000,000. I ask gentlemen in all sincerity how
they are to defend themselves to theirconstuuents
and to the wotld if they disregard this solemn ob-
ligation? Is there any defense ? I know of none.
A gentleman, in endeavoring to satisfy me that
this bill ought to pass, assures me that the woi Id
does not know that we have made this pledge. I
cannot say whether the world knows it or not. 1
know it. This is sufficient for me. I know that this
pledge was made, and therefore, so long as 1 have
power, I intend to keep it. I will attempt to keep
it though the Committee of Ways and Means
make no provision therefor. I ask what defense,
what excuse, what justification is offeied? Is it
said thatthe Government intends to secure this gold
at a cheapenateby and by ? I aek my colleague
on the Committee of Ways and Means, if to-mor-
row I were to give him a bond under seal that I
would convey to him in fee in one year a certain
estate, and the next day he should hear that Iliad
conveyed it by warranty deed to a third person,
would* he not feel that at that very moment 1 had
violated my faith ?
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose the piece of property
was to be conveyed a year'hence, and he conclude
to sell it to somebody else, have I a right to say
anything before the year comes round, and before
I sec whether or not he has then anything to pay
with ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman will ob-
serve that that is a different case entirely from
this, because here the law says that "from and
aster the 1st of. July, 1862," the Government will
do so and so. The day of performance has already
passed. NeoiJy two years have transpired, and
ytui have not yet taken the first step toward the
creation of this sinking fund. And now svhen
you say yuuhave twelve or twenty millions ofgold,
and th.it you do not need it for paying i merest, I
turn to the statute and ask you why you do not
establish the sinking fund which you havengived
to establish.
Mr. HOOPER. Will the gentleman yield a
moment?
Air. BOUTWELL. I wish to say one woid
more to my colleague upon the committee before
1 yield. Would not my colleague, [Mr. Hoopeh,]
whenever he found that 1 had conveyed away the
estate by warranty deed to a thiid peison, say 1
had already violated my obligation, although he
would have no legal right to cull upon me for-a
performance of the condition of my bond before
the yuir transpired? if incidentally he should
