208Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
trite; to invest with a new office by solemn rites."
1'lie Very object the President desires, as ex-
pressed so clearly in this admirable paper, is the
reinstitution of State governments over the ter-
tory over which they once prevailed.
1 care not whether the States to be instituted be
as large as Texas or as small as Delaware. When
any given portion of the country shall be peopled
by loyal men, who shall meet in convention and
adopt a constitution and present it to Congress
asking admission into the Union, it will be our
duly to consider the constitution and to determine
on the question of admission. Here, again, my
views appear to be in perfect consonance with
those of the President; for on this subject the
proclamation says:
" Anfl it is suggested as not improper that in constructing
a loyal State government in any State, the name of the
State,the boundary, the subdivisions, the constitution, and
the general code of laws as before the rebellion be main-
tained, subject only to the modifications made necessary
by the conditions hereinbefore stated, and such others, if
any, not contravening the said conditions, and which may
be deemed expedient by those framing the new State gov-
eriiment."
Does the President insist upon the revival of
the names, boundaries, or subdivisions of former
States? No. But as it might in some instances
be proposed to maintain all or any of them he
suggests that it would not be deemed improper to
do so. Why may not the two Carolinas be com-
bined and called the-State of Carolina, if so the
people occupying that portion of territory de-
termine, and, having: held a proper convention
representing all the territory within the two old
States, come and ask us toaeceptthe constitution
and admit the State into the Union. Or suppose
they come with two constitutions springing from
two conventions, one representing the people who
occupy the old State of North Carolina, the other
the people who dwell within the limits of the old
State of South Carolina; would it not be proper
to admit the one or both as the case might be?
Neither the Constitution nor the President's am-
nesty proclamation make it necessary that the
limits or name of a future State shall be determ-
ined by what existed prior to the overthrow of
the now rebellious States.
Sir, the question whether those States are in
or out of the Union is said by some gentlemen
to be an unimpoitant one. 1 think it is a very
important one, and may, before a great while, be
of great practical importance. We have before
us a bill from the Senate providing for the amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States.
I low many and what States are to pass upon
that question > Under article five of the Consti-
tution, should it receive a two-thirds vote in this
House, it will be submitted to the Legislatures
of the Slates, and if ratified by three fourths there-
of it will be valid to all intents and purposes as
part of the Constitution. Are the rebel States in
or out of the Union for the purpose of passing
on this proposed amendment? If the amendment
fails in this House the Legislatures of two thirds
of the States may require us to call a convention
for proposing amendments. The Legislatures
of two thirds of how many States must unite in
such a request? In either of these cases we must
know whether the confederate States arc in or
out of the Union before we can determine this
vital question. Certainly these arc practical ques-
tions—questions which must be settled. I have
no fear us to what the decision of the Supreme
Court will be if we act upon the theory that the
old States have been utterly abolished. The
three fourths of the remaining Stales will unques-
tionably be held to be adequate to act, because
the theory that the rebellious States no longer
exist as States of the Union is true and in har-
mony with many decisions already pronounced
by the Supreme Court.
It is in another point of view a question of great
practical importance. We have a picsidential
election pending in which it may become impoi t-
ant; and there should be some clear, well-defined
expression of the opinion of Congress on the sub-
ject before the possible contingency arises. It is
not frank, it certainly is not courageous, in a time
like this to shiik a great question because it is
possible that it may have no practical importance;
while it may on the other hand be used as a means
of extreme embarrassment to if not for the absolute
ovet throw of the Government. The President re-
gards itns the duty of Congress to net on this ques-
tion. He prepared the people of the South by
his proclamation to expect Congress to act on the
subject by saying in his offer of amnesty:
" It may be proper to further say that whethei members
sent to Congress Irom any State shall be admitted to seatb
constitutionally rests exclusively with the respective
Houses, and not to any extent with the Executive."
I apprehend that nobody can deny that we have
properly passed on questions of the admission of
gentlemen coming here claiming to represent the
loyal people of rebellious States. Congress alone
can determine who shall be a member thereof.
But the President, as if to remove all possible
doubt as to his clear recognition of the power and
duty of Congress in the premises, says:
"And still further, that this proclamation is intended to
present the people of the States wherein the national au-
thority has been suspended.jaml the loyal State govern-
ments have been subverted a mode in and by winch the
national authority and loyal State governments may be re-
established within said States or in any of them, and while
the mode presented is the bc^t the Executive can suggest
with his present impressions, it must not be understood
that no oilier possible mode would be acceptable."
It was certainly a mischievous spirit that
prompted1 the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Blair] to claim that the opinions he expressed
were those of the author of the amnesty procla-
mation.
I object in part to the bill before us, because it
is drawn rather too largely from the President's
.plan. It leaves to a military man, a brigadier
general, the organization of the riewgovernments.
Mr. Speaker, we have a simple and a better mode
of governing Territories. We give them a terri-
torial government,a Governor, secretary, judges,
and the right to electaTerritonal Legislature; and
provide for their forming a constitution whenever
they have sufficient population to constitute a State
and to apply for admission into theUnion. This
method operated admirably during the long period
m which we grew from thirteen to thirty-three
States. The fact that most distinctlypresaged
this war, was an attempt to depart from it and es-
tablish a new one based on one of two novel theo-
ries, that of popular soveieignty, or that of the rec-
ognition of slavery as a national and not a local
institution. We have already seen the evil effects
of a departure from our territorial system and of a
military governor attempting to organize a State.
The experiment has been made in Louisiana,
where a geneial announced that martial law was the
fundamental law of the State in the proclamation
in which he ordered the first election and fixed the
day on which it should bo held. Indeed, he un-
dbrtook by proclamation to make a constitution
for the State. Accepting the constitution of the
old State as a basis, he set aside two distinct
clauses of it, one which prohibited soldiers in the
service of the United States Government from
voting,and another which related to and regulated
slavery; and the question is already powerfully
made by loyal citizens of New Oileans, why did
he not strike out the clauses highly prejudicial to
them? No man will deny that the election was
shaped by the military power, wielded by that
general. He struck out or permitted to remain
so much of what he was pleased to recognize as
a constitution as was agreeable to him, and there
is no reason why he should not have stricken out
more, or, if he had the power to strike out, why he
should not have added clauses. In fact, his mili-
tary regulations were equivalent tu new clauses in
the pretended constitution. The election was a
ridiculous farce, because Geneial Banks assumed
to begoverried by whatdid notexist—theconstitu-
tion of Louisiana, which had been overthrown
when she withdrew bur Senators from this Capitol
and her members from this House. That he knew
it had no force asa binding law is patent from the
fact that he exscinded vital provisions by his mere
edict. So will it be everywhere if Congress do
not provide the means of reconstruction. There-
fore it is that I would prefer to apply our "old
territorial system to the reorganization of the
entire ten itory of tlie confederacy, but will, rather
than omit all legislation on the subject, vote for
the bill as reported, even though the amendment
proposed by my colleague be rejected by the
committee or the House.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood] and others tell us that before we
can establish any governments in the revolted
States we mustexterminateoranmhilate the peo-
ple of the. whole wide field of the confederacy; that
we cannot have peace between a conquered and
a conquering people or their descendants.
Sir, the President, in the proclamation I have
refeired to, offers, with few exceptions, general
pardon to the people of the rebel country. But
his right to offer pardon is denied. His right to
grant conditional pardon is denied. His right to
pardon the people en masse is denied. These de-
ntals may be made in ignorance, but I fear they
are prompted by a mischievous spirit. Certain
it is they who make them shut their eyes against
what they know to be the law of the land or speak
in utter ignorance of that law. Such pardons have
constitutional, congressional, and judicial sanc-
tion. The pardoning power is vested in thePies-
ident by section two of article two of the Consti-
tution. And Congress, foreseeing the necessity
for the exercise of that power in behalf of the
rebels against the Government, by an act ap-
proved July 17, 1862, provided as follows:
"That the President is hereby authorized, at any time
heieafter, by proclamation, to extend to persons who may
have participated in the r<*b«ihou, in any State or part
thereof, pardon and amnesty, with &uch exceptions and at
such times and on such conditions as he may deem expe-
dient for the public welfare."
This is in accordance with settled law. The
Supreme Court decided that the President may
grant conditional pardons. (7 Peters*s Rep., p.
161.) It has decided that a pardon does not take
effect until it is accepted; thataman denying his
guilt may reject the proposed pardon which pro-
ceeds upon the basis of his guilt. (7 Peters, p.
161.) The Presidentalso follows English prece-
dents, as did Washington, the first President of the
United States, who granted amnesty and pardon
to the people of western Pennsylvania who had
engaged in the whisky insurrection. Charles II,
before returning to England, April 16, 1G60, is-
sued a general amnesty, proclaiming conditional
paidon with exceptions, such as our good Presi-
dent has made; and he followed the course of
George II in what was termed the Jacobite revo-
lution in 1745. You will find in chapter fifty-
two, 23 George II, 1747, that that king issued a
proclamation granting conditional pardon to the
Scottish insurgents who had fought for the Pre-'
tender. Ah ! but, say the champions of the rebels
on this floor, the pardon will not be accepted, and
you cannot conquer them, and if you could you
would breed only perpetual civil war. Then,
Mr. Speaker, tins broad, fertile, beautiful, heaven-
enriched country of ours, this land upon which
imagination paints three hundred million people
dwelling in peace, with a measure and general
diffusion of intelligence that the world has never
seen, with a measure of comfort unequalcd by that
known to any people on the earth, is doomed to
perpetual war. For, sir, if we recognize the con-
federacy,and create two conterminous martial re-
publics, with thousands of miles of frontier and
conflicting systems of labor, we will make war
inevitably perpetual.
But let us see whether those gentlemen speak
from the teachings of history or with fair judg-
ment of the facts that surround us, or take coun-
sel of their sympathy with our foes. Let me
remark, sir, that the progenitors of the hundreds
of millions who are to people the South are not
dwelling on that soil now. The confederate States
claim to hold nearly one half of our territory
lying east of the llocky mountains, a territory
on which may dwell one hundred and fifty mil-
lion people, but on which there are now less
than eight million white and four million black
people. Throw your eyes across the Atlantic
and behold Europe swarming with oppressed
but restless and aspiring people. You see there
the people and ancestois of the people who are
to occupy the South as well as the broad prai-
ries of the Northwest and the golden fields of
the Pacific slope. We must go beyond our
country to find those who will populate it in the
long hereafter through which it is to live. Yet
the Pilgrim Fathers will ever be hailed as the
fathers of the country, for the civilization they in-
stituted, resting as itdoes on intelligence, morals,
and religion, will prevail over the whole country.
Year after year from the crowded Old World the
tide of emigration will swell and flow. The future
owners of thousands of southern plantations are
now upon the green hills of Vermont, or laboring
in the industrious villages of Massachusetts or
other noithern States. They are strolling over the
verdant hills and through the beautiful vajjrys of
