1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
face of the enemy atCharleston,%vheie they have
been for months doing the same duty precisely
as the soldiers to whom you propose to give a
bounty; onshore as they were down atPort Hud-
son; on shore as they were at the first battle of
Bull Run, where they did certainly as good ser-
vice as any other portion of the United States
Army. I have no particular interest in the ma-
rine corps  
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Iowa
allow me to ask him what efforts, if any, are be-
ing made to recruit that branch of the service;
whether there has been an attempt, and it has
failed ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. I was called upon
by the commandant of marines to-day, who told
me it was absolutely necessary that this should
be done in order to keep the corps reasonably
full; and he told me that he called upon me with the
advice and after consultation with other gentlemen
connected with the department who thought it
was necessary' that something should be done
in order to fill up the Army. I will state what
the Senator already knows, I presume, that there
is to-day, and has been during the whole sum-
mer and fall, a recruiting rendezvous in each one
of the large cities, for the marine corps.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says he im-
presses no opinion on the point whether or not
the corps as provided by law is or is not un-
necessarily large. I should like to have the Sen-
ator express his opinion on that point; because,
if it is tne fact that the corps is too large, it would
be well to attach a proviso to this proposition,
that the corps shall not exceed at any time so
many men. I do not wish to give a bounty to
raise a number of men whom we do not want,
and who are unnecessary. The Senator unques-
tionably has an opinion on that subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think reflection will con-
vince the Senator from Iowa that his amendment
will be inoperative, for another reason: marines
are not included in the proclamation referred to
in this section—the proclamation of the President
of the United States of October 17. This section
limits the bounty to all who shall enlist before the
5th day of January.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After that we give a
bounty to everybody.
Mr. SHERMAN. Of #100 only.
Mr. GRIMES. My amendment will give them
only $100—that is all.
Mr. SHERMAN. But there might be some
question or doubt about it. They would proba-
bly claim the bounty of $300, and ask to be put
on the same footing with those in the military
service. At any rate, I shall now say what I de-
sire to say in regard to this section. I think—and,
indeed, I believe we all think—that the assump-
tion by the authorities of the power to give boun-
ties was without law. It was probably the great-
est stretch of power that has been exercised during
this war. I do not know whether it was neces-
sary or not. I think it was not necessary. I be-
lieve that if the authorities had in good faith,
commencing last March, enforced the law which
was provided for them according to the terms of
the law, by the month of July they would have
had the Army filled up. There is no doubt of it,
in my judgment. They seem to have delayed
action, to have put it off from day to day,show-
ing timidity, anxiety, fear of the people; deterred
at one moment by the mob in New York, at an-
other by threatened political movements in other
parts of the country; and finally, in October last,
they fell upon the measure of offering bounties
without law.
This section of the bill, if it passes, will, in my
judgment, involve the expenditure of over one
hundred million dollars. There are three hun-
dred thousand soldiers called for. The bounty
offered to veterans is $400 gach; toother persons
$300 each. Counting one hundred and fifty thou-
sand, or one half the number requited, as veterans
—Senators can figure it up for themselves—and
it amounts to over one hundred million dollars—
an immediate demand on the Treasury of the
United States. This money has not been paid
out; no portion of it has been raised except the
$12,000,000 paid in as commutation money. I
ask Senators whether, under the present condition
of affairs, they ought not to look a little into the
subject before they legalize what may amount to
an immediate demand on the Treasury of the i
United States for over one hundred million dol-
lars.
I have made up my mind to acquiesce in the
increase of the pay of the soldiers, because the
increased price of living to their families renders
it necessary to make that increase; but, in my
judgment, this system of bounties was not neces-
sary. I do not know that there is any hope of
resisting it. I presume that the people of the
United States, who have shown their trustand
faith in the Government, will raise this money;
but I believe it would have been wiser if the War
Department had left the matter to the people at
home. There is not a community in the United
States where they have not voluntarily, by their
own action, raised the necessary bounty. In some
portions of the country, where there is an accumu-
lation of wealth, as in Massachusetts, they gave
very large bounties, and they raised them by the
voluntary offerings of the people. In the West,
where money is not so easily had, where the price
of labor is'not so high, the bountyis notso large,
but it has been uniformly raised by the people
through their own organizations, either by vol-
untary subscriptions, or by counties or States or
communities. The little city in which I live has
already raised by voluntary bountiesevery soldier
demanded under this last draft, and the passage
of this bill will not add one particle to their ability
to make up their quota.
It seems to me, under the circumstances, we
ought to hesitate a little about sanctioning this
enormous bounty system. I shall vote for the
bill in any shape it may assume, but I shall vote
against this first section, because 1 believe the
men could be raised by the fair enforcement of the
conscription law with such amendments as the
wisdom of Congress may devise, and without
burdening the Treasury with the enormous de-
mand of over one hundred million dollars. I know
it is said—and the remark, I believe, has been
made by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson]—that the three hundred thousand men
will notbe laised by the 5th of January, and con-
sequently all the bounty will not be paid, but the
amendment proposed by the committee will save
a large sum. in my judgment, a very large por-
tion of the three hundred thousand men called for
by the President in his proclamation of October
last has already been raised, and this bill is the
only legal authority that authorizes the* payment
of bounty to those that have been raised. Whether
we can, under the circumstances, refuse to pay
men who have enlisted on the faith of the procla-
mation is a different question. Perhaps we can-
not refuse, because m a time of war we admit that
the executive authorities must often exercise ple-
nary powers, and go beyond the limits and terms
of the law. I think there are cases of that kind
where they may be justified by the necessity of
the case. I do not believe, however, that this is
such a case; but I think from a timidity, from a
fear to enforce the law as it was prescribed by
Congress, the executive authorities have made it
necessary to call upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for a large sum of money, which no doubt he
may be able to raise, but it adds very much to
the burden already thrown on that Department of
the Government.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I think the
passage of the first section of this bill, with the
limitation put upon it, that it is only to continue
till the 5th day of January next, will save money
to the Treasury of the United States. I agree
with the Senator from Ohio that the offer of these
bounties by the Government was made without
authoiity of law. The Government had no au-
thority to offer bounties for any persons to enlist
beyond the extent of the amount already received
as commutation. But, sir, there had been agreat
deal of misrepresentation in the country m regard
to the enrollmentact, or conscription act, as some
choose to call it. Its results as well as the act
itself hud been misrepresented. It was said to be
a failure. Sir, it was not a failure. Ifnotagreat
and eminent success, it was no failure. The Gov-
ernment made a draft of about one fifth of the per-
sons enrolled between the ages of twenty and
thirty-five years in some of the States. The Gov-
ernment undeitook to raise a class of very perfect
men. The Government said that in the volun-
teer service a great many men had been enlisted
who had broken down after a few months' ser-
vice, and that we ought to have nothing but per- :
feet men . They made, I think, one htmilred and
twenty-four causes of exemption, andTttndertake
to say that any enrolling board eou'hl
nearly every drafted man under these exemp$on
clauses. About one fourth of all the 'pfcrStfna
drafted throughout the United Statesw^re held to
service. About sixty thousand snemwere placed
in the service, either as drafted men or as '•substi-
tutes, and about forty thousand men paid the com-
mutation, and the Government was authorised to
offer bounties to that extent, which would raise
forty thousand men, and no more, J' /
The Government then, instead of going on and
making another draft, in whichr_beyond all d<?ttbt,
in drawing the same number of men, they would
have obtained at least twice the number of Sol-
diers or twice the amount of money obtained by
the previous draft, called, on the 17th of October,
for three hundred thousand men, promising to pay
veterans a bounty of $400 and other persons $300.
Supposing they obtained the men, one iialf from
each class, here was a promise of $105,000,000 as
bounties. The Government had then about nine
million dollars paid in as commutation; the Gov-
ernment has now about twelve millions. That was
all the money the Government had to pay the
bounties promised.
Now, sir, the first section of this bill under-
takes to legalize and to fulfill the pledge made by
the Government to the people of the country and
to the States. The proposition of the Govern-
ment is limited to the 5th day of January next.
The promise was that persons enlisting before
that day, the 5th day of January, should have
these bounties. We propose to accept the prop*
osition and to fulfill the promise ;but we propose to
close it on thatday and fall back upon the bounty
of $100 for persons who are drafted or who vol-
unteer after that day, not allowing it, however, to
substitutes. We require the man who is drafted
to pay tlie whole sum himself to get a Substitute.
I agree with the Senator from Ohio that we
ought to have great care in regard to ourexpend-
itures and to the condition of ourTreasury. From
the first hourof this war I have felt that our great
danger, if we had any danger at all, was in ob-
taining money and not in obtaining men, and I
am more convinced of that to-day than ever. As
long as our currency is sound, as long as we can
meet our obligations promptly, as long as the
general businessof the country is prosperous, we
can maintain and prosecute this war. Had the
Treasury failed, had the currency of the country
broken down and interrupted the trade and pro-
ductive industry of the country, then we should
have had at once a strong opposition to the Gov-
ernment. The condition of the treasury of the
confederate States is full evidence to the whole
world that they must go down, that they cannot
succeed. They are weaker in that than in their
armies. I agree, therefore, with the Senator from
Ohio that it is very important to be careful as to
what sums, cither for bounties or anything else,
we pay in carrying on the war. It is important
that we should be careful to keep the credit of the
Government sound, the Treasury full, the cur-
rency solid, and the productive industry of the
country prosperous.
The Senator says that, in his judgment, the
larger portion of the three hundred thousand men
called for by the proclamation of the President of
October 17 have been raised 1 think the Senator
must be greatly mistaken. I do not believe that
one third of the number have been raised, or that
more than one third of the number will be raised
by the 5th day of January next. The Government
asks now for $20,000,000. That $20,000,000 will
only pay the bounties for between fifty and sixty
thousand men. It is said that we have expended
the greater portion of the $12,000,000 derived from
the commutation, and it is very important before
the adjournment of Congress to give the Govern-
ment this sum of $20,000,000, which it asks for,
in order to pay the promised bounties. That is
all they ask; and the opinion of the Secretary is
that that sum will be sufficient up to the time in-
dicated, the 5th of January. However, that is all
a matter of judgment. It may be that between
now and the 5th day of January there will be a
great number of enlistments if this bill should pass
in this form; but I believe we had better run that
risk and fulfill to the States, and to the people of
the country, and to the Army, the pledges made
by the Government on the 17th day of October
