60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
last. If we refuse to make this appropriation, the
result will be that we have made promises which
we have not fulfilled, and it will create dissatis-
faction in the country. It is said that we have
now men enlisted who have been enlisted for two
or three weeks, and that there is no money ap-
propiiated to pay them. 1 think we had better
fulfill the pledge of the Government, and to do it
we must stand by the first section of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Iowa to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. H ENDRICKS. I desire to hear the amend-
ment read.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the de-
bate which has sprung up does not really seem
to mc to be upon that amendment, but upon the
question which has been raised between the Sen-
ator from Ohio and the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs. Upon that question I desire
* to express the opinion that Congress ought to
encourage volunteering, rather than to rely upon
what, of necessity, must be an unpopular meas-
ure of the Government—the draft. I think we
have had evidence enough iu the country that the
Army can be supplied with men by volunteering •,
andalthough the Senator from Massachusetts will
not admit that the draft has been a failure thus far,
he will hatdly claim that it has been a success.
Out of 125,000 drafted men, there went into the
service about 6,000; about 20,000 paid the $>300
commutation; and 37,394 were exempted for phys-
ical disability. The Senator says that the Depart-
ment made a mistake in the number of causes of
exemptions for physical disability. I am not
prepared to discuss that question with the Sena-
tor, IIu is better mfoimed on the subject, un-
questionably, than lean be; but that is a very
large exemption lor physical causes. According
to this report, Uihio paid commutation money,
20,13tf; furnished substitutes, 10,402; failed to re-
port, 17,940; exempted for other causes, about
32,319. Under the draft, therefore, in New Eng-
land, Pennsylvania, New York, and perhaps a
portion of Wisconsin, up to the 1st day of No-
vember, the Government realized about (3,000
troops who were, drafted; 10,000 substitutes, and
perhaps 20,000 volunteers, who were induced to
volunteer under the policy adopted by the Ad-
ministration in paying $300 bounty—the £300
that were paid by those who were diafted.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will allow mc to
interrupt him for a moment, I think he included
the State of Wisconsin in the list of those States
which had made up this number. I believe that
up to the 1st of November no draft had been made
m any part of Wisconsin. That is my recollec-
tion about it. i
Mr. IlENDltlCKS. I dare say the Senator is ^
right. I had an imptession that thoie was one i:
district, perhaps, in the State of Wisconsin m ;
which a draft had been made prior to the 1st day |
of November. Then the draft was only enforced
in part of New England, New Y<uk, Pennsyl- j'
vaiiLi, and tin- District of Columbia; and this is j
the showing made by the lepott of the Piovost j,
Marshal Genera!—that there were secun d to the <
Government under the draft 6,000 men who were
diafted, 10,000 substitutes, and perhaps 20,000 ij
who Were induced to volunteer by the ^300 !
bounty that was paid in by the paities who were :i
drafted and who did not go. Thus the draft up ;i
to the lt>t of November lesulted in securing to
the service between 30,000 and 40,000 tioops. ||
Sir, can it be claimed as a success that out of l!
125,000 drafted men we secured but 0,000 men :i
who were in fact drafted, 10,000 substitutes, and ;'!
20,000 volunteers who werooncouiaged to voiun- i1
tcer by the payment of $300 bounty? I think b
that cannot be claimed as a success. \'
But, sir, from tin- commencement of this war J1
ev«iy dioi't on the part of the Administration to j:
secure troops oy appeals to the patriotism of the !,
people, by appeals to their desire to piovafe for '■
then famines beloie they enter the service by ]'
giwng them bounties, has been a success. At il
least, prior to the issuance of a proclamation by the '
Pa s.'dent, v,'hn.lt £ shall not now discuss, there
was no failure in the volunteer system, i tlaim '
that it was a success; and I may venture to say ;
an aimy of volunteeis ijs a butter aimy than ij
an army of conscripted men. They go freely,
cheerfully, and they serve freely and cheerfully.
You can hardly expect an army com posed of men
who are fosced to go, when their interests will
scarcely allow them to go, when the condition of
their families will scarcely allow them togo,tobe
as valuable an army in the field as one made up of
volunteers. I claim, therefore,that the effort on
the part of the Government to obtain its troops by
volunteering has been a success, and the effort to
raise troops by draft has been a failure.
What then is the plain duty of Congress? With
these facts before us, is it not our plain duty to
undertake to fill up the Army by volunteering
rather than by a draft? 1 do not ask that the draft
law be repealed, for I know that such a motion
in this body would not prevail; butit were better
that it were repealed, in my judgment, and that
the Govei nment should pay libeial bounties to the
soldiers in advance of their going into the field,
in order that they might weil provide for their
families during their absence. It id proposed to
give them §300 bounty up to the 5th day of Jan-
uary. At the proper time 1 intend to move to
strike out that limitation of time. I say that it
ought to be the permanent policy of the Govern-
ment to fill up the Army by volunteers and not
by drafted men, and my votes on this subject shall
be governed by that policy.
Senators have ciiticised the course of the Ad-
ministration in offering this bounty of $,300. Of
couise I am not going to say that the Department
did right m offering a bounty of $300 beyond the
amount of money received fiom those who paid
commutation money instead of going into the ser-
vice under the draft, for in that they did not act
accoiding to law; but the puipose of the Admin-
istration was right, and that purpose of the Ad-
ministration Congress ought to indorse by giving
liberal bounties, instead of enforcing what must
be an unju puiai law in the country—the drafting
law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Iowa to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. HOWE. M r. President, in looking at that
amendment as modified, I am inclined to\hink it
does not express the idea of the Senator from
Iowa, though I am not certain about that. I am
inclined to think that, as modified, the amendment
would authorize any veteran to enlist into the
marine service and receive his $400 any time be-
fore the 5th of Januaiy. I understood the Sena-
tor to disclaim any such purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no such purpose. I
do not think there are many veterans who will
enlist under this law, or that the law will pass be-
fore then.
Mr. HOWE. Itstrikes me if die Senator means
to limit the bounty to $100, he had better say so.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well; make it to% suit
yourself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. IIARU IS. Mr. President, I have not much
expectation that the leport of the Committee on
Military Affairs will be changed by the Senate;
but I am at a loss to understand the policy which
has governed the eommittec in reporting some of
the provisions of this bill. The bill as it now
stands mi«ht very properly be called "a bill to
stop all reci uiting after the 5th day of January
next. J If tJi.it is the policy of the Committee on
Military Affairs, they have reported a bill which
will eairy out their wishes. Does any Senator
suppose that after the Government shall have
stopped paying this bounty of ^300 offeted by the ;
proclam ition ot the l<th ot October, any citizen :
disposed to enter the Army will enlist? After j
bounties of ^300 and £,400 have been offered, £400 i
to veterans and ^300 to other citizens, and th.it
has been wuhdu'wn, Will there be any volunteer- i
ing alter that.- I apprehend the Committee on ;
Military Alum sdoe^ not expect it. ri heir nolicy, I
tjieh'lme, seems to be to stop teeruiUiio; alter the I
otn day or Jamjar v. 1 am opposed to that policy,
1 a^reu with tiie Senator trom Indiana, that it is 1
 ar better that we should fill up our Aimy with
volunteers, il it be possible. If it be not posai- '
|l ble, then I say draft, but fust let us try volun-
h teering.
The Senator from Ohio lias criticised the con-
duct of the Government in offering these large
bounties on the 17th of October last. Sir, 1 think,
if any one measuie that has been adopted by the
Government recently has met with general appro-
bation, it is that measure. The Government had
in hand some twelve million doilais received from
commutation money. What was to be done with
it? Plow was it to be appropriated ? Of course
to the raising of soldiers. And how was that to he
effected? By offering a bounty. If by offering
the same bounty the drafted men had paid as com-
mutation the Government have done wrong, I am
unable to perceive it.
But it is said the bounties that they offered
amounted to a larger sum than the amount of the
i commutation money. Well, sir, if that be so, it
i is the good fortune of the country that it has fur-
| nished us with more soldieis than the number of
j drafted men who paid their commutation. In my
| judgment, if by going on with this system of re-
j cruiting we could expend $100,000,000 m raising
j three hundred thousand men by the 1st of March
| next, so that on the 1st of March we could send
| into the field an army of three hundred thousand
[men, it would be the best possible investment
i which this Government could make. Is there a
1 Senator here who would not to-day cheerfully
' vote to pay $.100,000,000 for an army of three
hundred thousand men to be put in the field on the
1st of March ? I apprehend there is not a patri-
otic man in the country who would not indotse
such an appropriation as that; and yet the effect
of this bill is to stop just that process on the 5th
of January. Sir, I am opposed to the whole
policy of this measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I agree
measurably with what was said by the Senator
from Ohio. I believe there has been rathera mis-
take m the policy of the authorities with reference
to this subject, and a mistake, too, on our part.
I behove that the continued offerof bounties, and
the continued increase of bounties—and they have
ij been increasing almost gcometiically from thebe-
' ginning—instead of having a tendency to increase
and promote the patiiotism ofthe people, has had
a tendency to diminish and destroy it. The effect
has been, m my judgment, carried on at such a
late as it has been, especially in my section of
country, to turn the attention of the people from
the fact and the consideration that every man owed
to the Government when necessary his personal
service, which as a citizen he was bound to lender,
to the question,how much can we make by hold-
ing oil a little longei before wo volunteer?" And
the system, as now proclaimed, going on as it
. does, must necessarily be one that ineieases ami
ij enlarges from day to day.
|| We began by calling for seventy-five thousand
(.volunteers. That was the President's fiist call.
II They were furnished readily, for the patriotism
!| of the country was awakened. Nobody thought
ij of paying a bounty at that time, except, oei imps,
ij a mouth's additional pay, or something of that
j, kind. The time came, and came vei y soon, when
jl a certain oth<*r large number was called toi. The
1' bounty was then increased. Theie was no difii-
!s culty then, altinaigh the bounty was small, in fi 11-
ji ing up the ranks of the Army. Naturally there
|l would be moic difficulty on that subject the longer
m a war lasts. Asa matter of comse, as people be-
ll come mote acquainted with the hardships of coni-
ji panning, and see the difficulties before them, there
i{ will be more trouble in luismg hoops. Eutwhat
!i has been the course adopted m my section ot the
;| country? The moment a certain number of men
;! are called for. one set of politicians, thinking to
make something out of it, sa ys, " why, tlie.se poor
fellows must have so much bounty; thrv ought
not to go unless they are paid so much." An-
other set of politicians, not to be outdone, says,
t( that is not enough; wo will go a little further."
In fact, the question how much bounty shoukl he
laised has been canied into party politics, and
politicians have vied with each other as to which
should be the loudest in calling for bounties. The
; result has been that we have discarded the really
' patriotic feeling at the bottom, which would have
given us men enough had we adhcr«.d to any reg-
) ular system, and put the matter upon the nglit
i giound and the correct piinoiplo from the b<g"m-
; ningj and that is, that every man who is able to
