3058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
the vote is taken upon it, and I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the demand for the previous question
for that purpose.
Mr. FENTON. I can hardly refuse to allow
the chairman of the committee which reported
the bill to speak if he desires, and I will therefore
withdraw the demand and yield to him if he will
state the time he wishes to occupy.
Mr. HALE. I think I ought to have one word
on the subjectof this amendment. I do not want
two minutes.
i Mr. FENTON. Very well, I will yield the
floor to the gentleman for two minutes.
Mr. HALE. The provision contained in the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa is already
substantially in the bill. His amendment pro-
vides for loyal States. The bill provides for loyal
men. I do notknow what the term u loyal States"
means exactly, and, as I understand it, I think
the gentleman will find it very difficult to explain
what it means. "We know what is meant by
loyal men; the term is understood everywhere.
Now, I submit to the gentleman from Iowa that
when we make the advantages of the bill apply
only to loyal men we ought not to go further.
I gee no reason why a true loyal man who lives
in a disloyal State is not entitled to at least as
much consideration as a man living in a loyal
State.
Mr. WILSON. I will suggest to the gentle-
"man that I see no particular difficulty in describ-
ing the meaning of" loyal State." I should say
thatwheie a State, by its legal authorities, has
engaged its people in rebellion against the au-
thority of the United States, that State is not a
loyal State.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman from Iowa says
any State that has adopted an ordinance of seces-
sion. How would he regard the State of Ten-
nessee? What would he do with the property of
Andrew Johnson ?
Mr. WILSON. There is a provision by which
he puis Tennessee in a special district.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. lie then provides in a special
provision that all the other States shall be in an-
o'her district to be presidedover by anothercom-
mission.
Mr. HALE. What does the gentleman mean
by loyal States—those which did not adopt the
ordinance of secession?
Mr. WILSON. It will not include Tennessee.
Mr. IIALIS. We did not believe there were
many men in the disloyal States who were loyal,
but undoubtedly theiv are some. I suggest to
the gentleman that the provision he proposes to
put m ia already in the bill. They must be loyal
m^n before their claim can he considered.
Mr. FENTON demanded the previous question
on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeird.
Mr. MALLORY dnnnruh-d the yeasand nays.
The yeas and nav  weie ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas TO, nays 61, not voting 51;
as follows:
YEAS—Alley, Allison, Ames, Amlci-on, Jolm D.
Baldwin, Beamun, Blaine, Boiitwoil, JJojd, Bran-
<!' :re<', Bfoom.jll, Ambrose \V. (.'lailc. Freeman Clarke,
Cwbii, Cole, Cicswell, Dawes, D< inin<r. Donnelly, Ecklcy,
Eliot, K.ini.sworth, Feu ton, Fia.uk, Gailicld, (Jooeh, Hii'by,
Hooper, Asaiiel VV. Hubbaul, Iluibuul, Ingersoli, Julian,
Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Loan, Longyeru, Marvin, Me Bride,
McChirg, Mclndoe, Moirill, Daniel IVfoiris-, Amo^ Mjer.v,
Leonard Myers, Chailes O'Neill, Oith, Porham, Pike, Pom-
eioy, Price, Alexander II. Kiee, John II. Rice, Sehenck,
Seotield, Shannon. Sloan, fchuiiheis, Stevens, Thayei,
ThoiiKK.Tifiey, Up<nn. V:m Valkci'tui Eli hu B W
buuu', William B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, VViNon,
and Woodbridge—70.
NASTfc—James C- Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, B.iily, Blair, Blow, Biooks, Jaim^ a. Brown, Cia-
vens, Dawson, Denison, Ildcn, l-ldgeiton, Eidndge, Eng-
gli,-h, Fuiek, Gunson, Gnder, liaie, flaidin<r, Hamngron,
Charles M. Hairis, I-Iolm.in, liotehkisi-, llutcbms, Philip
Johnson, William Jolm&on, Kalbflew'h, Reman, Law,
Lnzear, Le Blond. Long, Mallory, Marey, McAllister,
McDowell. William H. Miller, James It. Moitis, Moni.-on,
Nel?-op, Noble, Pendleton. Piuyn, Radioid, Samuel J. Ran-
dal!, Robinvon, Jame>- S. Rollins, Ross, Scott, Smith, Stiles,
Stn.at, W.uMvorih, Ward, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Wmdom, and Fernando Wood
—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.*Arnold, Ashley, Augustus C.
Baldwin. Bliss, William G. Brown, (.'hauler, Clay, Cof-
fiotli. Cox, liemy Winter Davis. Thomas T. Davis, Dixon,
Dumont, Gunnel!, Griewold, fl.iil, Benjamin G.
Bams, Ueinek, John H. Huhbant, Jenokes, Kass.on, kel-
kiy,Francis W. Kellogg, King, Knapp, Listiojohn, McKin
ney, Middleton. Samuel P. Millet, M"<>ihea<]. jVoirmi,
Odeil, John O'Neill, Patterson, Perry, William H. Randall,
Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, Spalding, Starr, Stebbins, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiouse, Sweat, Voorhees,
Webster? Winfleld, Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—31.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be,laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed tp,.
Mr. WILSON moved to insert after the words
"and one commissioner and one solicitor for
those States not included in the foregoing dis-
tricts, who shall severally hold their respective
offices during the pleasure of the President,3i the
words "not being residents of the district for
which they were appointed.'*
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to insert in the first sec-
tion the words " at the rate of" and " for the time
actually employed," so that these officers shall
only be paid for what they do.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Fenton's
amendment.
Mr. FENTON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MALLORY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 70, not voting 59; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Beaman, Boutweli, Brandegee, Bioomall, AmbiOsC
W.CIatk, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Demmg, Dixon, Donnelly,
Eliot, Fuinsvvoith, Fenion, Fiank, Gooch, Uigby, Asahei
W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Uulbuid, Ingei-oli, Julian,
Oilaudo Kcllogs, Knox, Longvear, Mai vm.Mooihead, Mor-
rill, Daniel Mofru, Amos Myers,Oi th, Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Ponieroy, Alexander II. Rice, John II. lticc, Seofield,
Shannon, Sloan, Smithes, Thayer. Tiacw Van Valkeri-
buigh, Ehhu B. Washhurne, William B. Wasiiburn, Wil-
haiu«, WiNon, and Woodbridge—33.
NAYS—Me^stry. James C. Allen, Alley, Aneona, Ander-
son, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blair, Blow, Boyd,
Blocks, James S. Blown, Chanler, Fieeman Clarke, Cia-
vrn>,CieM\ ull,Daw;>on, Fiden.Edgerton, Eld ridge, English,
Finek, Gunson,Garfield, Cinder, Hale, Harding, Ilanmjr-
ton, Charles M. flams, Ilotehkir-s, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Kalbflmseh, Keruan, La/.eat, Loan, Long, Mal-
loiy, Maicy, McAllistei, M«'Clmg, McDowell, Melndoc,
Middleton, William II. Miller, Mounon, Noble, (Jinnies
O'Neill, Pen v, Pnct\ Pinj u, Radfoid. Samuel J. Randall,
Robinson, Jaini's S. Uollui--, Ro-s, Scott, Smith, Stiles,
Strotwe, Stuart, Thc ma«, Wadt,worlh, Ward, Whaley,
Wheelei, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wildei,
V\ indoui.and Fernando Wood—70.
NOT VOTING—Me«sM. William J. Allen, Arnold, Bax-
ter, Blaine, Bli-s, William G. Bio\vn,Clay, CofFiotli, Cox,
Henry Winter Davis Thomas T.Davis, Denton, Dnggs,
Dumont, Eekley, Gnnnell, Guswold, Hall, Benjamin G.
IIaui>, Heiriek, liohnan, Iioo[)ei, Hntchins, Jenckes,Kas-
son, Kelley, Fianeis W. Keilogc, King, Knapp, Law, Lo
Blond, Lmiejolm, McBritle, McKmney, Samuel F. Miller,
Jauie& U. Morns, Lcoiuud Myois, Nel^on, Noiton, Odell,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, William II. Randall, Rogers, Ed-
waid H. Rollins,Schenck, Spalding, Starr, Stebbins, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Sweat, Upson,
Vooiiieet>, Webster, VVinfi«ld, Benjamin Wood, and Yea
man—59.
So the amendment was rejected.
Dunn? the roll-call,
Mr. WILSON stated that Mr. Eckley was
paired olF with Mr. Morris, of Ohio.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PARNSYv'ORTII. I desiie to offer an
amendment to the fourth section.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to offer one to the
third section.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the first section, and 1 do not want to
lose my right by passing by that section.
The SPEAKER. The House has not yet
passed by any section.
Mr. FARNSWORTH offered the following
amendment to be added to the fourth section:
And fcliall aKo piove by the testimony of disinterested
and competent wi'nes-os the extent of his, hei,or their
lOiS, and the vaiue oi the pro;-'Uy taken or des>tioyud ; and
the commission hb.Ui have power m addition to cioss-ex-
amine th< claimant 01 claimants upon any matter or thing
'•fyled sn hi*. ji<ji. 01 (hen aceoiu.i.
Mr. THAYER. I suggest that that provision
is already contained in the ninth section.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the amendment of the gentleman trom
Illinois adds nothing new to the bill. Every-
thing contained in the amendment is in the bill
now.
Mr. SPEAKER. That may be a good reason
for voting against the amendment but not for rui-
in<" it out of order by the Chair.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill provides that
the claimant only shall make oath. Thebilldoea
not require him to prove by any other person any-
thing except his title and the extent of it. It is
important that a provision should be adopted re-
quiring the claimant to prove the extent of his
loss and the value of the property taken.
Mr. HALE. I would call the attention of the
gentleman to the eighth line of the ninth section
of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I inadvertently over-
looked the fact that the provision in the last clause
of my amendment is already in the bill, and I
therefore modify the amendment by striking out
the last clause.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read as it now is.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
And shall also prove by the testimony of disinterested
and competent witnesses the extent of his, tier, or tlieir
loss, and the value of the property taken or destroyed.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no provis-
ion of that kind in the bill. It is suggested that
I should also modify the amendment by insert-
ing after the word " disinterested" the word
" loyal."
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman yield
for a suggestion ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The gentleman 9s amend-
ment requires that the witnesses shall be disin-
terested. Now, I apprehend that in most of the
States interest does not disqualify a witness, and
I do not think it should.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I prefer to have it just
as it is, "disinterested, loyal, and competent."
Mr. HOTCHKISS. This bill provides for the
examination and cross-examination of the claim-
ants,and of all parties who know anything upon
the subject. I do not objcct to requiring that the
witness shall be loyal, for I do not think a disloyal
man is a competent witness; but to say that a man
who is interested in a matter shall notbeallowed
to testify is an exploded theory in this country.
It is not the rule in many of the States.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Farnsworth,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeasand nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brandegee and
Mr. Scott were appointed.
The House divitled; and the tellers reported-
ayes twenty-six—a sufiicient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 66, nays 59, not voting 57;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Amos, A^Iiloy, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Bourne!!, Bojd, Btandegue,
Broomall. AtnbiosseW. C!,nk, Cobb, Cole, CiosweU, Dawes,
Dummg, Dixon, Donnelly, I)n ^, Eliot, Faniiwor'tlh Fen-
ton, Frank, Goocb, f-li«l)y, Hooper, As-abei VV. Hnlibaicl,
John H. Hubbaul. Iluibuul, in«er oll, Julian, Uilando
Kellogg, Knox, Loan, Longyeai, Maivoi, McCltirg. Melu-
doe, Samuel F. Millar,Morn!!, Daniel Muiri->, Amos Myers,
Lponaui >1yors, CliaiUs O'Neill, Oith, Peihnm, Pike,
Pomci oy, Piiec, Alexander II llice, John H. Riee, yeofinlcl,
Sloan, Hnuthers, Stevi ih,Thayer,Tracy,VanValkenbuigh,
Ehhu B. Wfishbuinc, William H. Wiulibuus, Williams,
Wilder, Wii-on, Wit dom,and Woodbiid^e—66.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen. An-
cona, Anderson, B;uly, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blair,
Brooks, Chan lor, Dawson, Edon, Edgertou, Eldiuige, Eng-
lish, Fmck, Ganson, Gariieid, Grider, Hale, Harding, Har-
rington, Ohailes M. Hams, liolman, Hotcbki-*, Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfluiseh, Law, Lazear, Le
Blond, Long. Mallory, Marey, McDowell, Middleton, Wil-
liam H. Miller, Mooihead,Moirison,Nel&on, Noble, Pony,
Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall,Kobinson, James S.RollmR,Il<^s,
Scott. Smith, Stile.s Strouse, Stuart, Thomas, Wad^woi rh,
Ward, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, ami Fernando Wood—59.
NOT VOTING—Mcssis. Arnold, Blaine, Bli?a, Bl<nv,
James Btovvn, William G Brown, Fireman CI.like,
Clay, ColFroih, Cox, Cuvon*-, Hemy'Winfer Thomas
T. Davis. Dt-iiison, Dumont, Kckiey, Giinnell, (ii^vvold,
Hall, Benjamin G. liars it«. Heiriek, Hut china, Jenckes, Kas-
^on.'ls"!lfv, I'laiK-i--? W.' Keiji^^. TCernan, King, Knapp,
