62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE".
December 21,
would bo something in tliis argument; but it
cannot be done.
What was the effcct of this conscription law,
and how has it been successful or unsuccessful?
Under that conscription law any man drafted or
prior to the-draft could procure an exemption by
paying §300. That fund, by the provisions of
the law, the Secretary of War was authorized to
apply to the enlistment of soldiers, or, under the
■terms of the law, as I think, to hire substitutes.
It is said, and upon very high authority, and I
have no doubt truly said, that under the opera-
tion of the conscription lav/ some §12,000,000 have
been brought into the Treasury; and itis further-
more said that the Government has lost nothing
in men, because for every $300 paid as commuta-
tion a soldier has been brought into the service.
That, I apprehend, is not founded in fact. 1 have
high authority, nay more, the very highest au-
thority, for saying that such is not the fact. Of
the $12,000,000 paid in as commutation money,
more than two thirds of that sum now remain in
the hands of the Secretary of War, to be admin-
istered under the direction of the Provost Mar-
shal General; so that they have really received
but one third of the men which the §12,000,000
vvould hire at §300 per man. Tins §300 exemp-
tion, as it seems to me, operates in this wise simply:
to raise money to the Treasury upon the enforce-
ment of the draft, and not to bring the drafted men
into the service of the country; for no man who
can raise the §300 will go into the service, and
there aie vei y few who by themselves or friends
cannot raise the §300 exemption. In addition to
that, many cities, towns, and townships have en-
tertained seriously the proposition of taxing the
whole people to raise the §300, so as to buy off
the whole quota under the conscription law. If
this §300 exemption clause is suffeied to remain
in any conscription law, I promise you that you
will get but few soldiers under it in the future, as
you have m the past.
It was said, and I have rio doubt the law was
passed with that view, that the §300 exemption
clause was passed for the benefit of the poor man,
and therefore any poor man who could raise the
§300 was not compelled to go into tile service.
The operation of that clause has been not m fa-
vor of the poor man, because the poor man had to
go at all events; he could not raise the §300; but
it has operated, perhaps, beneficially upon the
middle classes,and 1ms exempted thcncli entirely,
for tliey could all pay the §300 exemption. At
the time the law was passed there was much ob-
jection made to that clause in the Senate, and
much objection throughout the country. It was
held up as an odious feature, a discrimination in
favor of the rich and against the poor. That, I
have no doubt, was utterly unfounded and false;
and yet it was used tocieatean odium against
this [aw, and in many instances such an odium
as almost, to prevent its execution in many dis-
tricts o( the United States; so much so that in my
own State one of the best and purest men upon
earth was assassinated in his attempt to execute
this law. This provision was denounced through-
out the whole country as an odious law, as class
legislation in favor of the rich and against the poor;
and, strange to say, many of the very men who
denounced that §300 exemption clause are now
engaged in denouncing the repeal of that clause
all over the country.
But, Mr. President, suppose we resort to a draft
alone, and retain the §300 exemption clause. I
show you that we cannot, by any possibility,
raise an army under any system of diaft which
retains that clause. We cannot fill our armies
underany conscription law which retains the if>300
exemption clause. If we rely upon volunteering
alone, wo may, and perhaps will, fill our armies;
but is it just, is it fair and honest to the whole
peopie, that the loyal, the true, the patriotic, the
Umon-loving shall be called again and again to
volunteer and to shed their blood in defense of
the flag, and to find martyrs' graves upon the
battle-field, while the disloyal, the traitorous,and
the sympathizers with treason lefuse to go into
the Army, and remain at home to denounce
L very measure of the Administration calculated to |
suppress the rebellion ? It is time that the people,
and the whole people, should be called upon to
defend the country in this hour of its extremest
need and peril.
How, sir, what is to be the result of a draft,
supposing we resort to it? If we tsjee an arith-
metical view of this question, what have we?
Under the last draft, when the enrollment shall
have been completed, m round numbers there are
three million men subject to draft in the coun-
try. The proportion of men held to service, ex-
empted, &c., in the late draft, will perhaps hold
good through any subsequent draft. Under the
late draft, one third were rejected as physically
and mentally unfit for service. There goes one
third of your three millions. One third were ex-
empted under the second section of the act in
reference to unsuitableness of age,&c. There are
two thirds stricken from your enrollment, the
other third being held by the board's of enrollment
as subject to military duty. This reduces our
capital to draw from to only one million men.
Now what becomes of it ? Taking the experience
of the draft so far as it has been enforced, only
one seventh of the million is held to personal ser-
vice; two sevenths furnish substitutes, pay com-
mutation money, &c.; that is to say, if we draft
all the men in the nation, we shall have only the
following result: original drafted men put in ser-
vice, 142,000; substitutes, 284,000. The total
number of men that we can got from the whole
nation under the present law, with its most rigid
enforcement, is only 426,000; exempted by the
commutation clause, 568,000, taking the propor-
tion of men who have paid commutation with
those who have gone into the service. It is there-
fore seen that, after all the labor, and vexation,
and expense of draftmgand examining the whole
nation, we will at last get but 426,000 men, and
not that, for a large proportion of these men do
not leport for duty, and are reported as deserters.
Perhaps some 20,000 or 30,000 out of this num-
ber would be a fair proportion for those who
would be reported as deserters.
The present law allows but one surgeon in a
congressional district. Supposing each distiict
to consist of ten thousand men, and remembering
that the examination of one hundred men a day
is the largest amount of work a surgeon can pos-
sibly do, and that after being examined himself,
the drafted man may have his substitute also ex-
amined, and that Sundays are counted out, and
the exact number will not always be in readiness
for a full day's woilc, it will be found that it will
take more than one year to get thiough with the
physical examination alone under the present
law. We wish an army in the field, and in the
field immediately, and not at the end of one year.
If this law is not amended, and if you intend to
carry it out as it stands, it will take more than
one year to go through with the examinations
alone which you provide for in your bill. At the
end of the year we find that we have got four
hundred and twenty-six thousand men, less the
number who may be reported as deserters; but
the astounding fact is also found that to all who
furnish substitutes, or who have paid commuta-
tion money, six sevenths of the million men in
the countiy ascertained to be fit for duty have
been granted certificates giving a pledge that the
Government will not call upon them for military
service for three years. If this law is enforced,
and the war is to last more than one year—which
God forbid—you will find that your draft leaves
you standing without an army. Then you must
rely, as it seems to me, upon a ligid enfoicement
and the most rigid enforcement of the draft law;
and there is nothing unequal in it, nothing im-
proper in it.
Mr. President, I am pioud to make the avowal
which I now do, that the State of Indiana, from
the very moment the rebellion commenced, has
been in advalice of her quota. Every single call
has been answeied, and promptly answered, and
more than answered. It is true that in the fall of
1SG2 we had a draft in Indiana, carried on under
the auspices and direction of our able and efficient
Governor, for some four thousand men; but at
the same time, by a letter from the Secretary of
War, it is shown that we were two thousand in
excess of our quota a I that tune; but our Governor,
from patriotic motives, did not choose at that
time to raise the question. We have been in ad- ]
vance of every draft and every quota; and let this ]
bill fail or let it pass, I am p'roud to assure the j
Senate that there will in all probability be no I
draft in the State of Indiana even under the last !
cali; that prior to the oth ot January, when you ;
propose that this law shall go into operation, In-
diana, by voluntary enlistment, will have filled
her full quota. I have no doubt of it.
But,, sir, the operation of the §300 exemption
clause upon volunteering in our State is found to
be just this: those who are indisposed to go into
the Army, as long as they can shield themselves
under the §300 exemption clause will not volun-
teer. If you repeal that clause, there is an addi-
tional inducement held out to them to go into the
service of the country. I understand that when
notice was given in the Senate of the intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal that clause,
volunteering was wonderfully accelerated in that
State. It was thought that within one week the
whole list would be filled up; but when some busy
telegrapher telegraphed to the West what I doubt
not is untrue, that that clause would not be re-
pealed, that moment volunteering ceased.
I ask you then either to carry out the conscrip-
tion law in its terms, or to abandon it altogether
and rely upon volunteering. Those two systems
do not harmonize; they do not go together. You
must make sufficient inducements by bounties and
increased pay to fill up your armies by volun-
teering, or you must fall back upon the draft. I
believe that from the beginning the draft would
have been the more just, themoreeconomical, and
the moic proper way of filling your armies. So
far as the proud State which I in part represent
is concerned, I have only this to say, that under
any and all circumstances she will fill her quota,
whether you decide for a draft or for volunteering.
In either event, her quota will be filled as required
by the President and the Secretary of War.
Mr. DAY1S. I will ask my honorable friend
from Indiana aquestion. He belongs to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and is a veiy faithful
and able member of that committee. The ques-
tion I ask the honorable Senator is this: if there
was a clause introduced in this or some other bill
that every office-seeker should be conscripted into
the Army, would it not raise a very considerable
force ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no doubt that
my distinguished friend speaks more particularly
in reference to Kentucky, and I doubt not the
number of our forces would be greatly increased,
if the Commonwealth ofKentucky was embraced.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. How would it be if my honor-
able 1'iieud included Massachusetts?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Perhaps with Mas-
sachusetts it would work well; but in Indiana we
have no office-seekers; they have all gone into the
Army. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator from
Indiana, he has struck the point. It was in special
reference to some men in Kentucky who are com-
ing on or sending to this city to sell themselves
for office, that I directed my inquiry to him.
Mr. HOWE. X wish to inquire whether the
pending question is to strike out or to adopt the
clause at the end of the first section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is on inserting
the words in italics.
Mr. HOWE. From the twentieth line?
The VICE PR.ESIDENT. The question is
on inserting* all the words printed in italics at the
j end of the section.
j Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, I understand it. So
| much ot tins section, then, as precedes the word
; " dollars," in the twentieth line, I suppose to be
j absolutely necessary to enable the Government to
] settle up fairly and honorably with men who have
j been enlisted into the service during the past sum-
i mer and fall; and I agree with th^ Senator from
Maine, that we have no honorable way of evad-
ing the provisions contained in that nart of the sec-
tion, I am in hopesthat the amend * ?nt proposed
in the latter part of the section wiil not beadopted
at present. I have listened to the debate, so far as
it has proceeded, with agreatdeal of interest, and
( I would not add a word to it but for the fact that
i I have considered this subject considerably, and
I have a view which has not yet been suggested
by any Senator, and therefore I suppose it ia one
j that no Senator entertains, and perhaps that no
j Senator will entertain,
j ^ TheSenator from Maine haft announced aprin-
j cipjehere which I welcome with my whole heart,
i as it is about the first distinct enunciation of it I
: have heard m the Senate of the United States
since i have hud the honor of a seat here. I was
i particularly gratified with it, It wets tins, that
