1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli.lt
clerk's office of the supreme court of the District
of Columbia. .
A bill (S. No. 163) to authorize the Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind
to confer degrees.
BILL BECOMB A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 14th instant, an act (S. No. 1) granting a pen-
sion to John L. Burns, of Gettysburg, Pennsyl-
vania.
' STEAM FIRE ENGINE.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred^ the petition
** of the Columbia Fire Company of this city, pray-
ing for the purchase by the Government of a steam
fire engine to be committed to their care, !**ve
directed me to report a biil on that subject, and
I ask its passage now.
The bill (S. No. 168) providing for the pur-
chase of a steam fire engine was read, and passed
to a second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that this day has been assigned for Dis-
trict business.
Mr. WADE. This is business of the District,
and I ask to have the bill passed now.
By unanimous consent the bill was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Commitiee of the
Whole. It proposes to appropriate $4,000 for the
purchase of a steam fire engine for the use of the
Columbia Fire Company, the engine to be pur-
chased and kept in efficient condition by the com-
pany or by the corporation of the city of Wash-
ington without further charge to the Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. HALE. I simply ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. An tlinny, Hue kalew, (.'handler, Conner,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Dooliitle, Fer-«eudeii, Foot, Foster,
Gntrjca, Harlan, llanillctuiiK-i;s Howe, Johnson. Me-
Doupall, Morrill, liamscy, Riddle, Sumner, Ton Evck,
Trumbull, Vnn Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, ami YViMey—28.
NAYS—Messrs. llale, Haidinjr, ijane of Indiana, I^nne
of Kansas, Nesmitll, I'owell, riauUbury, Sherman, and Wil-
son—9.
So the bill was passed. ,
CAPTAIN FISH'S HEPOUT
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
extra copies of the report of Captain James L.
Fisk of his overland expedition from St. Paul via
Fort Abercrombie to the gold fields of the Terri-
tory of Idaho, have instructed me to report the
same back and recommend its passage, and also
to ask for its present consideration.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent. It is as follows:
Rcwlrcd, Th.it five tliou^md oopH'y of*the import of Cap-
tain L. Fjsk of his notthcrn ovorhiml expedition
fiom St. Paul via Fort Abfticrombte to tho cold (ioids of the
Terntory of Idaho, be printed for the u&e'of the Senate-
Mr. HALE. What is the estimated expense?
Mr. ANTHONY. The estimate is §109.
The resolution was agreed to.
111LLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
169) to repeal ali acts making appropriations for
the colonization of persons of African descent;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Ten hones, and ordered to be
punted.
Mr. WILSON askod, dnd by unanimous con-
sent obtained, loavd" to introduce a bill (S. No.
370) to promote the efficiency of the artillery of
the Army of the United States; which was read
twice by its? tide, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, ieava to introduce a bill (S. No.
17i)to further amend an act entitled "An act for
the collection of direct taxes xn the insunection-
ary districts within tho United States, and for
other purposes,'* approved June 7, I860; which
was read twice by its title, ami referred to (he
Committer on the "Judiciary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This bill was drawn un-
der the direction of the Commissioner of internal
Revenue on an examination of the law as it stands.
As it is an important matter, I ask, after consult-
ation wiih the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, that the bill be printed, in order that it may
go to them jn a printed form for examination.
The motion was agreed to.
MONARCHICAL GOVERNMENTS IN AMERICA.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be lequested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, any coire?poudenee or other information in posses-
sion of the Government, relating u> any plan or plans? now
projected or being projected with a view to the establish-
ment of monarchical Governments in Cential and South
America.
TROOPS OF KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secrmiy of War be instructed to
report to the Senate Hie number of men in the State oi
Kalian's subject to military duty ; the regiment's, white and
coloied, heretofore raided in said State; their regimental
number; by whom raised, and their toim of service ; the
sttenglh of each regiment when mustered into the service
of the United States, the present locality of each regiment
and corps, as also the number and description of troops now
in the State of Kansas and in the Indian territory south of
Kansas, subject to the orders of Major General Curtis.
PRINTING OK A BILL.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 131) to consolidate Into
one district for judicial purposes the northern ant! southern
districts of California, and for other purposes, be punted.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to give notice
to the Senate that it is of the highest importance
for us to have an executive session early to-day,
and that I shall, at un early hour to-day, move
for an executive session.
PAY AND PENSION OF CHAPLAINS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will lay
before the Senate the bill (H. It. No. 302) to amend
section nine of the act approved July 37, 1862,
entitled "An act to define the pay and emoluments
of cei tain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses," returned from the House of Representa-
tives, on which the Sonatorfrom Connecticut [Mi.
Foster] has submitted a motion to reconsider the
vote on its passage.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 now move to reconsider the
vote by which it was ordered to a thiid reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
befoie the Senate, and open to amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all of the first section after the word
" that," where it first occurs, and inserting in lieu
thereof:
The rank of chaplain in the icsular and volunteer service
ol the United States is hereby recognized. Chnpiain^shai!
be borne on the field and MalViolis next after the eurgeon,
and shall be subject to the fame rules and regulations as
other offleeis of the Auny. They .shall be entitled tuquat-
ter=- and fuel, Mihieet to the same conditions and limita-
tions a--are now by law piovided mthec.i^e of suigcon*.
When ab>enl from'duty with leave,on account of nefcness
or other diMibiiitv, or when held by the enemy as prison-
em, they piia!i be subject to no other diminution or loss.of
pay and allowances than other officers in the military ser-
vice aic under like circumstances.
Mr. WILSON. I think that had better go over.
Mr. GRIMES. And be printed.
Mr. FOSTER. It is suggested by Senators
around mo that the amendment had better be
printed. 1 have no objection, of course, and should
desire it if thore is any question arising upon it.
1 understand the Senator from Massachusetts also
wishes to propose an amendment. J suggest that
his amendment also be offered now, and that they
be printed together, and the further consideration
1 of the bill postponed.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
j receive the amendment.
j Mr. WILSON. 1 will prepare it presently.
! Let the bill be laid aside informally.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. There is also an-
1 other amendment submitted by the Senator from
| Connecticut, which has not been read. These
1 amendments, toother with the amendment to he
submitted by the Senator Mm Massachusetts,
will be ordered to be printed, if theie be no ob-
jection, and the bill will be passed over mfoi tnally.
REGULAR ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up the
bill (S. No. 151) relating to chaplains, and for
other purposes, which we had up yesterday morn-
ing. I think we can pass it in five minutes.
^he motion was agreed to; and the Senate5 as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 151) relating to chap-
lains, and for other purposes.
Mr. WILSON. The only objection made to
the bill yesterday morning was that made by the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] to the ninth sec-
tion. That section provides for the addition or
selection of three officers, and adds to the expense
gf the battalion thirty dollars a month, $360 a
year. The duties that those officers are to per-
form they can be detailed to perform, and I do not
know that it is very important that this section of
the bill should be retained. As the other sections
of the bill are very important I will move to strike
out the ninth section of the bill, in the hope that
there will be no further opposition to the bill,and
that it may be allowed to pass at once.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the reading of the
section proposed to be stricken out.
The Secietary read it, as follows:
' Sec. 9. -rtwi be it further enacted, That there be allowed
to the battalion ofoniiineers one adjutant,onequai'teunas-
tei', and one couinusfary of subsistence, to be selected Ii om
the lieutenants on duty with the battalion, with the same
compensation as is allowed to legimental adjutants and
quartermasters, respectively.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill was
amended so as to read: "A bill relating to enlist-
ments, and for other purposes."
DEGREES FOR DEAF AND DUMB AND Till! BLIND.
Mr. GRIMES. This day was set apart for
Distiict business; but I understand that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance is desirous of
occupying the day, or such part of it as may be
necessary, with the bill that was under consider-
ation when the Senate adjourned yesterday. I
do not see him now in his place. I am willing,
so far as I am the representative of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, that lie should
do so, with the understanding that when that bill
shall be disposed of the business of the District
of Columbia shall be taken up and continued on
during the day and to-morrow, if necessary, in
order to dispose of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not to-morrow. The
Senator will bear in mind that there is a special
order for to-morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. The bill to repeal the fugi-
tive slave act.
Mr. GRIMES. If I have to abandon to-day,
I shall insist on leaving to-morrow for the Dis-
trict business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will say
Thursday, and not interfere with the assignment
already made for to-morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 3G3.
The molion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 1C3) to authorize the
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and
the Blind to confer degrees.
Mr. HALE I wish the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia who reported
that bill would explain the necessity for confer-
ring this power nn the Draf and Dumb Asylum.
It seems to me rather an extiaordmary one. It
is lo confer decrees like other colleges, I believe.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that there is
any necessity for the passage of the bill at all. It
is done at the instance of the trustees and super-
intendent of this institution, in this District who
desire that they should have permission to confer
upon deaf and dumb and blind, pupils who may
graduate at their institution, and who are to go
out into the world and become instructors of the
deaf and dumb and the blind, a diploma. That,
I believe, is the full scope of the hill and lbs
