3060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 17,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 83, not voting 51;as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Ashley, Bax-
ter, Brooks, James S. Brown, 'Chanter, Freeman Clarke,
Dawes, Penison, DixGn, Eden, Edgerton, Eldruige, Farns-
worth, Fenton, Gooch, John H. Hubbard. Hulburd, Inger-
jsaH,William Johnson, Kalbfleiseh, Orlando Kellogg, Knox,
Law,Le Blond, Loan, Longy ear, Mcf ndoe,Morrison, Amoa
Myers, Odell, Charles.O'Neili, Ortli, Pike, Pruyn, Radford,
John II. Rice, Robinson, Schencfc, Sloan, Smithes, Stiles,
Strouse, Thayer, Traey? Elihu B- Washburne, and Wil-
liams—48.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Anderson, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Beaman,Blair, Blow,Boutwell, Boyd-, Broomall, Ambrose
W. Clark, Cobb, Coffroth, Coif, Cravens, Creswcll, Daw-
soi^ Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, Englifb, Fiuek, Fiank, Gan-
son, Garfield, GrJder, Hale, Harding. Chailes M. Harris,
Highy, Holman, Hooper, Botchktss,"Asaliel W. Hubbard,
Philip Johnson, Julian, Kernan, Lazeai, Long, Mailory,
Marcy,McBride, McClurg, McDowell, Middleton,Samuel
F. Miller, William H. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Leonard Myers, Pendleton, Price, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ross.,
Scott, Smith, John B. Steele, Stevens, Stuart, Sweat,
Thomas, Upson, Wadsworth, Ward, William B. Wash-
burn', Webster, whaley,{Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Jo-
seph W.White, Wilder,Wilson,Windom, FemandoWood,
and Woodbridge—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnold, Blaine, Bliss, Brande-
gee, William G. Brown, Clay, Cox, Henry Winter Davis,
Thomas T. Davis, Doming;, Duinont, Eckley, Gritmell,
Griswold, Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G. Ilarus, I-Jerrick,
ilutchins, Jenckes, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg,
King, Knapp, Littlejohn, Marvin, McAllister, MeKinney,
James R. Morris, Nelson, Noble, Norton, John 0'N<#111, Pat-
terson, Perham, Perry, Poineroy, William H. Randall, Ed-
ward H. Rollins, Seoficid, Shannon, Spaldmg, Starr, Steb-
bin9, William G. Steele, Van Valkonburgh, Voorheos,
Winfield, Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—51.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HARRINGTON stated that he had paired
with Mr. DEMiNG,of Connecticut, on all questions
affecting the bill before the House, and as this
vote might incidentally affect it, he would decline
to vote.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committer had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a joint resolution
of the following titles, when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (Ii. R. No. 290) for the relief of Rhoda
Wolcott;
, An act (H. R. No. 521) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to piovide for the payment of the
claims of Peruvian citizens under the convention
between the United States and Peru of the 12th
of January, 1863," approved June 1, 1864;
Ah act (H. R. No. 227) granting lands to the
State of Michigan for the construction of certain
wagon roads fornrulitary and otherpurposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) for the relief
of Rev. W. B. Matchett.
REBELLION LOSSES—AGAIN.
The question being on seconding the demand
for the previous question, on which tellers had
been demanded, tellers wereordcied;and Messrs.
"Wilson and Strouse were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 48.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered — ayes 68,
noes 24.
The question being put on the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Hale, on the suggestion of Mr.
Boutwell, 68 voted in the affirmative and 24 in
the negative.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays.
The and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed , it was accordingly read the third "time.
Mr. HALE moved the previous question on
the passage of the hill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LE BLOND called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move that the House
adjourn immediately after the roll-call on the
passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
that motion will" be in order. The gentleman
may, if he desires it, move to extend the session
after half past four o'clock.
Mr. CRESWELL. I make that motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion. We have set apart to-night for
the consideration of the business of the District
of Columbia, and I want to see whether we will
break faith with that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, so that
the House may understand it, what will be the
condition of this bill if the House do now ad journ
or take a recess. The main question having been
ordered on its passage, should the House adjourn
it will come up immediately after the reading of
the Journal to-morrow morning, and should the
House not adjourn but take a recess, inasmuch
as to-night has been devoted to the business of
the District of Columbia by unanimous consent,
that business will take precedence, and this bill
will still go over till to-morrow immediately after
the reading of the Journal.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I desire to inquire
whether this party opposition is to defeat the bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
the question put in that way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there notaspecial
order for to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. The business of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs is assigned as a special
order after to-morrow morning. During the morn-
ing hour the Pacific railroad bill is the business
in order. The morning hour, however, will not
commence until after the disposal of this bill
should it go over to-day's session.
Mr.W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the gen-
tleman to postpone his motion for half an hour.
Mr. CRESWELL. As that seems to be the
pleasure of the House, I withdraw my motion for
half an hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. liLAINE. What will be the effect of an
adjournment?
The SPEAKER. This bill will come up to-
morrow in the morning hour, and there will be no
evening session.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 44,
noes Gl.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ancona, and
Rice of Maine, were appointed.
During the division, the hour of half past four
having arrived,
The SPEAKER announced that, under the or-
der of the House, the House would take a recess
until half past seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House, at half past seven o'clock, p. m.,
resumed its session.
CALIFORNIA LANDS.
Mr. HIGBY. I move, by unanimous consent,
to take up the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 179, concerning lands in the State of Cal-
ifornia, m order that they may be concurred in.
They are immaterial amendments, and will give
rise to no debate.
There was no objection, and the amendments
were taken up and severally concurred in.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ROAD TO LAKE SUPERIOR.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask unanimous consent to
take up the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No, ^47, granting lands to the State of Wis-
consin to build a military road to Lake Superior,
in order t!iat the amendments may be concurred in.
The amendments were read.
Mr. BROOKS. I object. I think the amend-
ments ought to be referred to a committee of this
House.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER stated that this evening was
set apart for the consideration of business relat-
ing to the District of Columbia.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether we
are entitled to the morning hour for the Pacific
railroad bill. 1 ask the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Steele,] who is chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, whether
he will not have enough time after the morning
hour for his business ? I think he will, and 1 ask
him to yield to me to call up the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. 1 yield for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. The House will resume the
consideration of the Pacific railroad bill, on which
the gentleman from New York is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I have no fur-
ther remarks to make.
The question recurred on the following amend-
ment submitted by Mr. Holman:
And said road shall be a public highway, and shall tran<?-
poitthe property and troops of the United States, when
transportation of them shallbe required, ireeof tolloi other
charge.
Mr. STEVENS. I have examined very care-
fully, as any gentleman may do, the original char-
ter of this company, and it was granted on con-
dition that the railroad shall at all times give the
preference to the United States at a reasonable
rate, which is to be credited on the bonds. I hope
the amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. In the absence of the gentle-
man from Indiana I demand aidivision.
Mr. KERNAN. There is not a quorum pres-
ent. It was the general understanding that Dis-
trict of Columbia business would be considered
this evening. I know gentlemen who would be
here if they thought this bill would come up, as
they have amendments to offer to it.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I suggest that
the bill be postponed until we dispose of the Dis-
trict business. We will not occupy more than
an hour.
Mr. STEVENS. With the understanding that
it will come up when this business is disposed of,
I do not object.
It was so ordered.
ENTRIES OP LAND IN MISSOURI.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, moved to
take up and concur in the amendment of the Sen-
ate to House bill No. 217, to confirm certain en-
tries of land in the State of Missouri.
The bill was taken up, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was concuired in; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported back
House bill No. 514, to amend an act to extend the
charter of the Alexandria and Washington lail-
road,and for other purposes, passed March 3,
1863, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. DRIGGS. The bill provides for steam
power through this city, and I would like to have
further time to consider it.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I withdraw the
report for the present.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. WHEELER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back Senate bill
No. 54, to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad
Company of the District of Columbia, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. •
The several amendments recommended by the
Committee for the District of Columbia to the bill
of the Senate were agieed to without division,
with the exception of the seventh amendment,
which was reported as follows:
Strike out the lollowing piovi&o at the end of the four-
teenth section :
Provided, That there shall be no regulation excluding
any person irom any car on account of culor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Will it be in older to
move an amendment to peifect the clause before
the vote is taken upon striking it out?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move to amend by
adding to the proviso the following:
But the said company may place cais upon said roufp,
indorsed on the outside of s-ame in large letters, " White
persons *f
