2084:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
" Mr. Randolph and Mr. Madison moved to add to the
p,nd of article six, section three,4 and may be authorized to
compel the attendance <>f absent members in such manner
and under such penalties as each Ilou&e may provide.''
Agieed to by all except Pennsylvania, which was divided."
—Madison Papers, vol. 3, pp. 1287-1290.
Mr. President, this debate shows this state of
fact in the Convention: that the identical ques-
tion now under consideration was before that
body for its deliberation and decision, and every
member that Convention, so far as he ex-,
pressed himself, explicitly, or so far as his under-
standing of the point can be inferred from the
language I have read, regarded the effect and the
plain language of the Constitution as it had been
reported, to establish conclusively and without
any doubt the principle that a majority of the
whole number of the Senate, as the Senate had
been organized by the Constitution itself, was re-
quired to constitute a quorum to transact busi-
ness. It was theinconvenience and difficulty that
might often arise to obtain a quorum, consisting
of the whole number of the two Houses, that oper-
ated upon many members of that Convention so
as to induce them to attempt to make a less number
a quorum. Various propositions to that effect were _
offered, but all of them were voted down, and the
Convention steadily adhered to the principle that
a majority of the whole number of the two Houses
should be required to do business. After having
persistently refused to reduce the number which
should form the quorum of each House, it added
to the clause words giving to a less number than
a majority of the whole a power to compel theat-
tendnnce of absent members, which isfurtherand
strongevidence thatitintended thequorum should
be a majority of the whole number of both Houses
as organizea.
This question has arisen several times in the
Senate, ltfirstcame up at thebegmning of its first
session in 1789, and now was it decidcd? The
former President pro tempore of the Senate [Mr.
Foot] presented a most lucid and able paper on
this subject when it was up before in July, 1862.
1 will take the liberty of reading from the author-
ities which he gathered and collated, or a portion
of them, in the address that he caused to be read
to the Senate on that occasion, and which had the
effect of settling the question and inducing the
Senate to lay the resolution to establish its quo-
rum at a less number than the majority of the
whole number which the Constitution had or-
dained for it, on the table. There were but eleven
States that had then ratified the Constitution, and
consequently there were but eleven States that
were authorised to send Senators to the Senate.
" Theie being eleven State-; in fhe Union entitled tosnnd
twenty-two members to the Senate, ot whom only twenty
mombets had been elected by the States—New Yoik not
having eloctcd them until the 15th of July, 178!)—the Senate
not having formed a quorum at the time appointed, con-
tinued to meet and adjomn from day to day until the 28th
of March, 17t5i), when eleven members cippu.ued, and al-
though but twenty had been elected as above stated, they
were still considered as le«s than a quotum. On the 6th
of April, 1789, twelve members attended and were consid-
ered «t quorum."
This construction oftho Constitution wnsadopt-
ed immediately after its format ion, and some of the
men who gave it had been members of the Con-
vention. There does not appear to have been any
difference of opinion on the position that notwith-
standing but twelve States had elected Senators,
and consequently there were only twenty-four
members in office, yet fourteen, a majority of the
whole number of the Senate as ordained by the
Constitution, were required by it to constitute a
quorum to do business.
" January 4, 1790. —There being twelve State* entitled to
twenty-fourmembers, of whom twelve appeared on the f>th
of January, and were coiwdcred a quoi uin. In tliK ea^e
ail the members had been elected by the States. Hut it is
supposed that the seat of one of the Senators of Vnpmi.i
(Mr. Grayson) bad been vacated by hi* death, the date of
which h not stated, but his successor was appointed 31.-t
Maiehj 1<90.5'
Asto this case of Mr. Grayson's vacancy there
is some uncertainty about the facts. 1 concede
that it seems to favor the position that one half of
the whole number of the Senate formed a quorum;
it does not tend to show thataless number would.
*'• November 3, 1794.—There being fourteen States enti-
tled to twenty-eisjlu member?!, of whom fouitetn attended
on the 17th November, the Vice President also being pros-
ent—siiii not considered a quoium—but on the 18th No-
vember another member appealed and made a quoium."
This is another precedent which squarely ant]
fully sustains the construction for which I con-
tend. # /
The next precedent, occurring in 1797, is pre-
cisely to the same effect with the last one, and
shows that the Senate refused to recognize one
half of its whole number as a quorum. The two
which follow, one in 1798 and the other in 1800,
though not passing upon the question directly,
conduce to sustain my position. The next prece-
dent, in 1802, is in point, and shows that a ma-
jority of a full Senate was necessary to form a
quorum:
" November 13,1797.—There being sixteen States enti-
tled to thirty-two members, of whom sixteen attended on
the 21st November, but were not considered a quoium,
" Deceinber3? 1798.—There being sixtee'n States entitled
to thirty-two members, of whom fifteen attended on the 5th
December, but were not considered a quorum. On the
6th December seventeen attended, and were eonsideieU a
quorum.
" November 17,1800.—There being sixteen' States enti-
tled to thirty-two members, of whom fifteen attended on
20th November; no quorum.
"November 21.—Nineteen attended, and the business
proceeded.
" December 6,1802.—There being sixteen States entitled
to thnty-two members, and no quorum found until seven-
teen attended.
" November 5,180-1.—There being seventeen States en-
titled to thuty-four members; on that day the Vice Presi-
dent and thateen Senators appeared; no quoium.
" On the 6th November seventeen members attended,
and although one of !he members had just lesigued, and
his successor w.h not elected until the 13th November, this
number (seventeen) was not considered a quorum; but on
the 7th November eighteen members attended, and were
considered a quorum."
The preceding precedent of 1804 meets^fully,
and refutes absolutely, the principle of the*pend-
ing proposition. So does the following one, pre-
senting a parallel case, in 1812:
"November 2,1812.—There being eighteen States,enti-
tled to thury-mx members, of whom eighteen attended on
th.it day, but were not considered a quorum. In this case
one of the Senators of Louisiana had resigned some time
previous to the session, and bis- place was not supplied until
IsCfcDeeciflbor, 1813. On the 3d November twenty members
appealed and the business pioceeded."
This question has been decided diversely in
the HouscofReprescntatives,and theargument of
the Urte President pro tempore of the Senate, from
which I have read the senatorial precedents, gives
a good many from the Journals ofthe House; but
their preponderance is dccidedly in support of the
position that a majority ofthe whole House also
is necessary to constitute a quorum to do busi-
ness. While 1 hold this principle to be certainly
true of the House, I concede it is not so clearly
so as it is of the Senate. The Constitution estab-
lishes the same rule for both Houses, and being so
plainly the law, the law of the Senate is a weighty
argument,and, in connection will) so many others,
conclusive that it is also the law of the House.
Mr. Picsident, it seems clear to my mind
that Congress cannot enact a valid law unless
by a constitutional quorum of ea^h House; and
that all acts passed when there was not present
such a quorum in both Houses would be void and
of no effect. Any serious doubt on this point
ought and should restrain the Senate from passing
this resolution, at any rate until it has exhausted
all means to procure the presence of a majority of
its whole number to transact its business. This
question may arise judicially in a great variety
and number of cases; and if the courts should
decide that legislative measures passed by both or
either House when there were present iess than
a majority of its whole number, were void, it might
produce great confusion, wrong, and mischief.
When the quorum of the two Houses was es-
tablished by the Constitution, there were no Sen-
ators or Representatives in office or in being; but
a Senate and House then existed potentially by
the Constitution and as a legal entity, it was
then, and m thatstate of fact, that the Convention
declared what should be a quorum, not of the
Senators but of each House, Senate and the House.
11 then provided, not that a majoiity of the Sena-
tors and a majoi ity of the Representatives, but that
a majority of each House, as they had aheady been
oidamed by previous section^ of the Constitution
then agreed upon, accoidiiig to the numbers that
had been declared and established as the member-
ship and strength of each House, should consti-
tute its quorum to do business, ^t seems to me that
such is the plain import, meaning, and principle
ofthe Constitution; that it was so molded, under-
stood, and agreed upon by the wise and great men
who framed received contemporaneously, and
ever since, and uniformly by the Senate, that con-
struction,and most generally by the House; and
that the proposed resolution is another bold and
reckless assault upon the Constitution, and if
adooted will produce a vast amount of evil.
M r. JOHNSON. It would be idle, Mr. Pres-
ident, to assert that the opinion which 1 am about
to express is free from doubt, because the oppo-
site opinion is entertained by many Senators,
perhaps has been entertained by .Senators who
have heretofore been in this body. But at the
last extra session of the Senate, without being
aware that the Senate had come to the conclusion
that a majority of the whole number of Senators
who could be elected by all the States if all the
States were in was'necessary to form a quorum,
I stated that my impression had always been
that the true meaning of the Constitution in the
clause which prescribes the quorum is that it had
reference only to the Senators who are such, in
other words to Senators elected, and I propose
very briefly to try to make good that pinion,
and to do so I shall address myself mainly to a
reply to the honorable member from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis.]
In the first place, I ask the Senate's attention to
the Constitution itself without reference to any de-
cisions which have heretofore been pronounced.
There are four clauses as I think in that instru-
ment which bear upon the particular question
under debate. The clause wh'ich gives rise to the
discussion is that which is found in the fifth sec-
tion of the first article. The other three clauses
to which I propose to advert as bearing on the
leaning of that clause will be found in the sec-
ond section of the same article, and in the third
section, and m the fifth article of the Constitution.
The language of the clause prescribing the quo-
rum is:
"Each House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of it& own members, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business."
Now, 1 suppose it would be perfectly clear,
.that with reference to the House which is to pass
upon the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its own members, all that is meant is those who
are members by election or by appointment, not
those who have not been elected to the House of
Representatives or who have not been appointed
as Senators by the respective Legislatures. It
assumes, consequently, that there is an existing
body actually in office by virtue of an election
which has already taken place, and that that ex-
isting body is the one which is to pass upon the
elections, returns,and qualifications ofthe mem-
bers. It evidently therefore, to repeat, assumes
that members have been elected or profess to have
been elected, that returns have been made of such
election, and that there may arise in relation to
such elections a question of the right of the mem-
ber to take his seat on the ground that he does
not possess the qualification which the Constitu-
tion or the laws of the United States prescribe.
If those who are in the House elected, and no
others, or to take the ease of the Senate, if those
who are in the Senate, Senators chosen by the
respective Legislatures, and no others, are to pass
upon the elections, returns, and qualifications of
their own members, it would follow that the lat-
ter part of the clause, which provides for the
number which is to constitute a quorum, is to
be construed with regard to that House, for the
language is "a majority of each shall consti-
tute a quorum to do business." "A majority of
each " of what? A majority of each of the Houses
who have a right to judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of the respective mem-
bers. Then, if it be true that only those are au-
thorized. to judge of the elections, qualifications,
and returns, who have been elected to the House
or chosen tQ the Senate by the respective Legis-
latures, it would seem to follow logically that a
quorum of that House is to be a majority of the
same number and no other. If it had been the
purpose of the Convention to prescribe that the
House should only be considered as organized
for the purpose of passing judgment upon the
elections, returns, and qualifications of the mem-
bers, when all should have been elected by the
States, or when all should have bpen chosen by
the respective Legislatures, then they would have
so provided; but on the contrary, as seems to mo
to be manifest, all that they meant was that when-
ever there were persons elected m the one or
