1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
2085
chosen in the other, a majority of the persons
elected or chosen was to constitute the quorum
o-f each House.
Rut if that clause was doubtful, considered by
itself, I submit that the second and the third sec-
tions of the first article remove that doubt. The
second section tells us who are the House of Rep-
resentatives, and in these weids: "The House
of Representatives shall be composed of members
chosen every second year;" -not of members
which the States have a right to choose, but of
members actually chosen; and in relation to the
Senate the language is that "the Senate of the^
United States shall bo composed of two Sena-^
tors from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof."
luseems to me to be clear that by the true
meaning of the Constitution the House of Rep-
resentatives in the one case, and the Senate in the
other, arc to consist of those who have been
chosen *o the House or to the Senate,and nobody
else. It would be an absurdity to say that the
House of Representatives consists of members
not chosen or that the Senate consists of Sena-
tors not chosen. The thing to be done under the
Constitution was to bring into existence repre-
sentatives of the States or of the people; repre-
sentatives of the States in the vocation of Sena-
tors, representatives immediately of the people of
the States in the person of the Representatives;
but until Senators are chosen or Repiesentatives
are chosen, there is no House of Representatives
and no Senate; that would seem to be clear.
The honorable member from Kentucky has re-
ferred us to the debates in the Convention. I have
had occasion to consider those frequently and to
refresh my recollection this morning. My friend
from Kentucky, as I think, misapprehends the
meaning of those debates. The question, what
was to constitute a quorum, was before the Con-
vention; how many, was the point to bedecided.
Having decided that the States should be repre-
sented jn the Senate by two Senators from each
State, and should be represented in the House of
Representatives by members elected by the peo-
ple in the way pointed out by the Constitution,
and having ascertained, therefore, what would be
the entire number which, if elected, would con-
stitute the House, and if appointed by the Legis-
latures would constitute the Senate, it was sug-
gested that to require a majority of the whole
number might be very inconvenient. Then it was
proposed to fix some number less than a major-
ity of the whole; but in the debate upon the prop-
osilion to fix a number less than the whole, as well
as upon the propriety of requiring a majority of
the whole, the several speakers, to whose speeches
my friend lias referred, assumed that all would be
elected to the House of Representatives and all
would bo appointed to the Senate by the respective
Legislatures. That isevidentfrom what the Sena-
Iol, I believe, read; if he did not read it, it is herein
the debate. It was said, in ansHjer to the propo-
sition to require less than a majority of the whole
number, that no inconvenience could result from
it, because they could give to the House the au-
thority to send for the absent members and enforce
their attendance: Mr. Mercer, for example, said
that he was for a less number than a majority;
" So (treat a number will put it in the power of a lew by
seceding"—
A few what? A few members. Nobody else.
They can break up the Senate or the House;
there may be u factious minority; and such things
have happened. It has been proposed here in
the Senate of the United States to leave the Sen-
ate without a quorum for the very purpose of
defeating a particular measure; and Mr. Mercer
therefore insisted that it was all-important that a
quorum should be made to consist of a number
less than a majority of the whole m order to guard
against the inconvenience or the mischief which
would result from some of those who were mem-
bers of the House by virtue of election and quali-
fication, or members of the Senate, from seceding
and breaking up the deliberations of either body
and airesting the action of either body. How
was that n^et? In the first place, as I have said,
the objection assumes that there are members to
leave the Senate—not members not chosen, for
they cannot leave it, they have never been in it.
'v Mr. "Randolph and "tfr. j>T ^mson tn aihl to tlto
erul of a.ticlo -i\\ M-efmn Hnec. 'ami that m.iy he atithni-
teed to compel the attendance ol absent inembuis m tueii
manner and under such penalties as cach House may pro-
vide.' Agrncd to by all except Pennsylvania, which was
divided."
How was that to be done? South Carolina has
no Senators ^elected or chosen, and there is no
power in the Constitution to force South Caro-
lina to choose Senators.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator al-
low me to make a remark?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The members of the Convention
were then debating an inconvenience and a diffi-
culty in doing business that was not certainly iden-
tical with the question now under discussion; but
in debating that difficulty, in their argument they
referred to the principle and to the fact of the pro-
vision of the Constitution, of what was and what
would be a quorum to do business.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand it. Thatamend-
ment proposed by Mr. Madison and Mr. Ran-
dolph was offered after a speech had Been made
by Mr. Ellsworth, in answer to the objection of
the inconvenience, the mischief, that might be the
consequence of requiring a majority of the whole
to constitute a quorum.
uMi .Ellsworth reminded the movers that the Constitu-
tion piopohed to give such a discretion with reg.ud to the
numboj of Representatives,ihat a veiy inconvenient num-
ber was not to he apprehended. The inconvenience of se-
cessions may be guarded against by giving to each lloiifp
an authority to require the attendance of absent members."
The whole debate then, I think I am justified
in saying, assumes that they arc dealing with those
who have been chosen mcmbeis of the one House
or chosen Senators of the otlrer. It was to meet
that very apprel^nded mischief, that members
chosen to each branch might break up the delib-
erations of each branch by—to use the language of
the debaters—seceding, that Mr. Madison pro-
posed the amendment to which 1 have just adveit-
ed, to give to each House the authority to compel
the attendance of those who were bound to at-
tend.
Mr. CARLILE. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him just at this point, I desire to call
his attention to the first decision that was made by
the Senate as given in the memorandum presented
at the last Congress by the then Presiding Officer,
[Mr. Foot.] Thatfiistdecision is directly oppo-
site to theargument that the Senator from Mary-
land is now making* There were then eleven States
m the Union, Ten of them had chosen Senators,
and one, the State of New York, had not chosen;
and although eleven membeis were present, the
Senate adjourned from day to day for the want of
a quorum in consequence of that fact.
Mr. JOHNSON. The next succeeding prece-
dent is directly the other way, so that there is a
precedenteach way; that is all; but 1 am speak-
ing of it now independent of precedent. I shall
speak of the precedents presently.
Mr. CARLILE. The precedents are ail against
the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. They arc not, begging the
member's pardon; and he is the only member that
has said so.
Mr. CARLILE. The only precedent to which
the Senator has referred as at all sanctioning the
view which he is now attempting to enforce on the
Senate is that which occurred in January, 1790.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a very good one.
Has there been none since?
Mr. CARLILE. None in the Senate since.
Mr, JOHNSON. I think there are, but i shall
come to that presently. I have said, Mr. Presi-
dent, all that I proposed to say on the weight to
be given to the debates in the Convention at the
time the Constitution was adopted. I have said
that there was a precedent in the Senate other than
that to which the honorable member from Virginia
had adverted which decides the very question as
1 have suggested it should be decided. The fitth
article of the Constitution provides that" the Con-
gress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall
deem it necessary, shall propose amendments^
this Constitution.'5 It does not say how many
are to constitute each Housein^passmgupon con-
stitutional amendments. The argument in rela-
tion to the quorum clause is that il the House"
means the entire House that might be chosen, the
entire Senate that might be selected, pot that which
has been chosen or selected. It will be seen that
the language of the amendatory clause in relation
to the manner in which amendments to the Con-
stitution are to be proposed is identical, as far tu
the particular question is concerned, with the lan-
guage of the clause which prescribes the number
to constitute a quorum. The one says 44 a major-
ity of each House;" the other says "two thirds
oi both Houses." There can therefore evidently
be no difference between the meaning of the term
" House" as used in the amendatory clause and
the meaning of the term "House as used in
what I call the quorum clause. Then what-in
the view of the Senate is " the House, 'Hwo thirds
of which are to act upon constitutional amend-
ments? Upon that fruitful topic and melancholy
fruitful topic which has brought us into the con-
dition in which we are, the institution of slavery,
an amendment to the Constitution was proposed
in 1861. I read from the Journal of the Senate of
the 2d of March of that year:
" The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the Whole,
the consideiation of the joint resolution (II. E. No. 80) to
am^nd the Constitution of the United States; and
The following amendment proposed by Mr. Pugh being
under consideration"—
It is not necessary to read the amendment; va-
rious other amendments were proposed. Finally,
on the 2d of March, 1861, the question was taken
on the passageof the joint resolution:
"On the question, Shall the resolution pass?
u It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 24, nays 12."
Then the yeas and nays are given.
"The President (Mr. Folk in the chair) announced
that the joint, resolution was passed. •
'•'Mr. Trumbull jailed a question of order: whetherthe
joint resolution, being a proposition to amend the Constitu-
tion of the United States, it did not lequirelhe afliunative
vote uf two tluuis of the members composing the Senate to
pas--, the tarap
"The Prksidext decided that it required an affirmative
vote of two till) (is of the Senator? present, only.
u From th|-; deet&ion Mr. Tiujmxiui,l appealed ; and
" On tlie question, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?
. " It %v,i-> determined in the affirmative—yeas 33,nay 1."
That could not have been done if the meaning
of the word " House," as used in the quorum
clause, is that it embraces all who could be elected
to the one House or appointed to the other. If
it meant that, then there must have been an af-
firmative vote of two thirds of the entire number;
and yet with the single exception of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who afterward said that
he voted under a misapprehension, every mem-
ber of the Senate voted to sustain that decision of
the Chair; and the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] although he called for the yeas and
nays, voted m the affirmative.
Then, if it be true that.the Constitution can be
amended by a vote of less than two thirds of the
entire number that the Constitution contemplates
as composing the House or the Senate, it must
be equally true that the quorum may consist of a
less number than the majority of that whole num-
ber; and what is that: If two thirds of those
present are all that are necessary in the one case,
a majority of those who have been chosen in tile
other case is all that is required.
The great inconveniences of the decision under
which we have been acting all along are manifest.
My friend fiom Kentucky sees or thinks he sees
great danger to States and to people by changing
the rule. Is there no danger on the other side?
is not the Government to go on? .
Mr. DAVIS. It has gone 0n.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is going on, I know, but
going on how? Let yesterday answer, and let
the day before'yesterday answer.
Mr. DAYIS. And many days before the re-
bellion too.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then they were all here.
But what is the hardship' Let me ask the hon-
orable member what harm is South Carolina to
receive and the people of South Carolina ? What
injustice is to be done them? Who keeps South
Carolina from electing her Senators?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not expostulate here for
South Carolina; I do for my own State, and I
maintain that the business and proceedings of
this Government so far as the interests of my
State and of every loyal State in the Union are
concerned, are deeply involved in the proper set-
tlement of this question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Put it in another way, that
would lead to this conclusion, which I am sure
, the honorable member does not mean: that the
i interest of the people of Kentucky will not be
I taken sufficient care of unless these seceded States
! are represented.
