1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
M
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No objec-
tion to that.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the words " provided they
are sober."
Mr. UPSON, [demand the previous question. ;
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order to move an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as one amendment
to the amendment is already pending.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to move to include
also the members from Iowa. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. And the member from Wiscon-
sin too. [Laughter.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment offered by Mr. Price to the
amendment of Mr. Morris, of Ohio, was agreed
to.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order now to move
my amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The House was divided on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 28, noes 33, no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tollers; and appointed
Mr. Morris, of Ohio, and Mr. Price.
Mr. BROWN", of Wisconsin. It is evident
there is no quorum here, and I suggest that we
take up some other matter with which we can
proceed.
Mr. STEVENS. There is a quorum here if
they are only sober. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. They arc all in
the condition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. Then they are all right.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire as to the
effect of this vote. If we adopt this amendment
does it admit white men provided they are sober,
and drunken negroes?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
the question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. White men sober, and ne-
groes drunk?
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment as amended was not agreed
to.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I demand the yeas and
nays on agreeing with the recommendation of the
committee to strike out the proviso.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and there were—yeas
38, nays 45, not voting 99; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. JnmcC. Allen. Ancona, Baily. Augus-
tus C. Baldwin.Brooks, Jnme«a. Brown,Co'flroth. Dawt-ou,
Kcien. JGrfgmim, EldiiUiie, English, Fmck. Gilder, Ilnnl-
inSjCh.ir)e< M Hams. William Jolms-on, Kertian, Lazear,
Loii", McDowell,MeKnmey, WilliamH Millar. James It.
Monis, Morrison, Noble.Robinson, Ilo.s?. Scott, Smithes,
John B. Steele, tStiles, Thomas,VV«bstor,VVhaley,Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, and Joseph W. White— 38.
NAYS—Messis. Alley, Ames, John D- Baldwin, Baxter,
Beainan. Blame, BoutwcM, Brooin.'ll,Cohb, Cole, Dawes,
Dixon, brur*p, Ecldey, Ehot, Gooch, Hale, Highy, A&alicl
W. Hubbaid, John H. Hubbard, lngei&oll, Oilamlo Kel-
l'og<i. Loan. Longyear,Mai vm, McCluru. Melndoe, Samuel
F. Miller, Moorhcad, DaniH Moras, Amos Myeis, Charles
O'iVoiil, Patterson, Perham, Pu"tJ, Seofieid, Shannon,
Slom, Steven*, Up$on. Klilm I>. Wa&hburne. William B.
Washburn, Wilder, Wilson, and Wmdom—-45.
NOT VOTING—Mewsr*. William J. Allen, Allison, An-
dt'i son, Arnold, Ashley, Blair, Bliss. Blow. Bo\d,B a.ndegee,
William G. Biown,Chanlei, Ambiose W. Claik, Freeman
Clark'4, Cla\, Cox,Cravens, Cieswt-li. Henry Wmtei Davis,
Tlmmafe T. Davis, Doming, Donnelly. Dumont,
Fai nswoith, Fen ton, Fiank. Ganson, Gaifield, Grmnell,
Gnswoldj Ilall. Harrington. Benjamin G. Hams, Ilemck,
Ilnhuan. Hooper, Ilotehkifa, Jlulbuid, Hutehins, Jcnckes.
j'liihp Johnson, Julian, Ivalbfleiseh, Iva^on, Kellcy, Fian-
(M- W. Kelto*™, King, Knapp, Knox, Law, I> Blond, Lit-
lleiohn. M-Ulorv, Marey, McAllibier, iMcBude, Middlcton,
Moirtll Leonaid ftljex, NeKon, Koiton. Odcll, John
(rNeill, Orlh, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Uadfoid, Samuel J. Randall, William U. Randall, Aiexau-
dei H. Rice, John II. Rteo, lingers, £dw;ud H. Rolline,
J-nnea S KoIIhk, Schick, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Steb-
bin- William G. Steele, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer,
"JYicv Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wads worth, Ward,
w'lliiiims. Wmfield, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,
Wondln idge, and Yearaan—99.
Durinc the roll-call,
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. Hooper was
paired off. , ~
Mr. MeBRlDE stated that he was paired off.
No quorum having voted, , u
Mr. J. C. ALLEN moved that the House
adjourn,
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I suggest that
we take up some other business, and take another
vote upon this hereafter.
The SPEAKER. No business can be trans-
acted until a quorum appears.
Mr. ELAINE. If the House adjourns now
will tins come up as unfinished business'to-mor-
row?
The SPEAKER. It will, as the previous ques-
tion has been sustained on it.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois tp withdraw the motion to
adjourn, that I may "ask the House to setanother
day for the consideration of District of Columbia
business.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. I will do so.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask the House
to assign some other time for District of Columbia
business.
Mr. BLAINE. Say Monday evening.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I will ask for
Wednesday evening.
The SPEAKER. The same objection exists
to that as did to passing to other business, from
the fact that no quorum is present.
Mr. J. G. ALLLN. I renew my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaine] that there be a call
of the House will now be in order if on an actual
count a quorum shall not be found in their seats..
The Chair will count the House.
The SPEAKER proceeded to count the House,
and ascertained that there were only 91 members
present, being 1 less than a quorum.
The question was taken on Mr. Blaine's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The roll was accordingly called; when the fol-
lowing members failed to answerto their names:
Me*&is William .T. Allen, Allison, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, Bliss, Boyd. Brmd^gec, Chanler, Freeman Clarke,
Clay,"(Joffioth, Cox, Umveiw, Ciebwcll, Henry Winter
Dav^, Thoni.ia T. Davis, Demirig, Duni&on, DonueMy, Du-
mont, Fanisvvortli, Fenton. Fuink, Ganson, Garfield, Grin-
ncli, Hal'. Harrington, Benjamin G. flams, Tlesriek, Uoop-
er, Hotchki^s, llulburtl, Hutehins, Jeiiehrs, Philip John-
son, Julian, Kalbtiei&ch, Ka^snn, Kellfy, Francis W. Kel-
lo?5, King, Knapp, Law, Lc Blond, Lntiejohn, Malloiy,
Marcy, McAllister, Muldlcton, Moruli, Leonaid Myers,
Nelson, Nm ton.Odoll, John O'Neill, Pendleton,Pen v,Pikc,
i'omeioy. Piuvn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William li.
Ranci.iil. Alexander H. Rico, John 11. Rice, Robin.son,Ro-
gers, Ed waid H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Selienek, Smith,
Spalding. Ptarr, Stebbine, William G. St^elf, 9tiou-e,Stu-
ait, Thayer, Voorhees, Wad-woith. Waid, Winfield, Ben-
jamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, andYeaman.
A quorum having now appeared,
Mr. ANCONA moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
So all further proceedings under the call were
dispensed with.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment reported by the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that this bill be
passed over, and that we take up some other bill
about which there is no controversy.
The SPEAKER. That can be done now by
unanimous consent. [Cries of " Agreed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. There is no ob-
jection to that on the part of the committee.1'
Mr. BLAINE. I object unless this bill, after
the other business shall be disposed of, can take
the place it now holds in reference to the business
of to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. It can if it is passed over
by unanimous consent. It will then retain pre-
cisely the same position it now occupies.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I make no objection.
The bill was then passed over informally.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I met the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. King] at the
depot last evening, and he said that he was going
home on account of the illness of his wife. He
desired that I should ask leave of absence for him
indefinitely, and I now do so.
There being no objection, the leave of absence
was granted.
LANDLORD AND TENANT LAWS.
Mr. WHEELER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with sundry-
amendments, and with the recommendation that
it do pass, bill of the Sefiate No. 138", to "regulate
proceedings in cases between landlords and .ten-
ants in the District of Columbia.
The bill was read, and the amendmep ts ^reported
by the committee were agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I- should like to hear porije
explanation ofthis bill. If I understand itaright,
it reverses the whole doctrine of tenancy, at- will*
Tenancy at will is by sufferance generally, and
without any contract. Now, if I understand the
first section of this bill, tenancy at will can neter
exist exceptunder ex press agreement. How that
can be tortured into tenancy at will, X cannot un-
derstand.
There are two or three other provisions in the
bill which are utterly at variance with the prin-
ciples of the common law, and which may be
well enough for the landlord, but very hard for
the tenant, I think that the bill-ought to be fully
and thoroughly examined by the Committee on
the Judiciary, and I move its reference to that
committee.
Mr. WHEELER. One of the amendments
reported by the committee for the District of
Columbia, and which has been adopted, provides
that the first section shall not apply to existing
leases or contracts, and persons who contract
hereafter and then lease buildings will contract
with reference to the law as it then exists. There
is 110 objection to it if it does'change thecoiprooii
law rule on ' this subject. , -
The other amendments have been prepared
simply for the purpose of adapting the proceed-
ings of justices'courts so as to allow acivil rem-
edy in obtaining possession of property. 1 think
theie is no necessity for referring this bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary. 1 hope it will be
passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that if
the previous question is ordered it will extend to
the third reading of the bill, if the motion to refei
should not be agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. . Very well-,
let us have the pievioUs question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was referred;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. H. No. 217)
to confirm certain entries of land in the State ot
Missouri; when the Speaker signed the same.
WASHINGTON AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. The gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Dkiggs] objected a short
time ago to the passage of House bill No. 514, to
amend and extend the charter of the Washington
and Alexandria Railroad Company, and for othei
purposes. He has since examined the bill, anil
finding that his objections were not wellfounded
is willing to withdraw them. I ask that the bill
may be put upon its passage.
Mr. DRIGGrS. 1 desire to state that when 1
objected to the bill I understood, not having heard
it read distinctly, that its object was to extend
the privileges of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company instead of the Washington and Alex-
andria Railroad Company; and 1 supposed thai
the right to use steam dummies upon the road
was to be independent of any control by the cor-
poration of Washington. 1 have since read tin
bill,and finding that I was mistaken in both sup-
positions, 1 have no objection to it and hope it
will pass.
The bill was passed.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back House
biilNo. 523, to amend the charter of the Washing-
