1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
objectof {he person^ who desire its passage. It is \
to allow the trustees of this institution to confer
a degree, whatever they may determine the title
of it to be,thafwill indicate that they have passed
through a course of thorough education at this
institution.
Mr. HALE. As it is explained I have not the
slightest objection to it in the world; but it struck
me that the bill read a little broader than that. I
would be obliged to the Secretary if he would
read it again.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, §v., That the board of director? of the Co-
lumbia Institution lor the Instruction of the Deaf'and Dumb
and the Blind be, and they are hereby, authonzed to grant
and confirm such degree? in tho liberal aits and bcicnces. to
such pupils of the institution or oiheis 
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the words
" or others." I was not aware that those words
were in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued thereading,asfollows:
who, hy their proficiency and learning or other mcntori-
ous distinction, they shall think entitled to them, as are
usually granted and contened in colleges, and to grant to
such ginduate? diplomat or certificates, healed and signed
tn such niannei as such boatd of directors may determine,
to authenticate and perpetuate the memory of such gradu-
ation.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied I was in error
in agreeing to strike out the woids <k or others."
1 do not know why this institution or why any
educational institution designed for the use of the
deaf and dumb should not have the privilege of
conferring a degree upon an experienced educa-
tionist in this particular department in New Hamp-
shire or in Iowa or elsewhere as well as upon the
pupils of the institution in the District* I do not
think that any disadvantage can result from the
passage of the bill. It is not intended to confer
degrees upon anybody except those who are them-
selves deaf and dumb or who are the instructois of
deaf and dumb people.
Mr. ANTHONY. It ought to say so.
Mr. HALE. I think it ought to say so. The
bill as it now stands would empower this institu-
tion for the education of deaf mutes to confer de-
grees in the arts and sciences the same as Harvard
university or Yale college. It seems to me that
it should not bedone; that it is lessening the thing
altogether. They might have an appropriate di-
ploma, indicating that they have passed through
the regular order of education, piescnbed by such
an institution. I think that would be very well,
and I have no doubt it would be proper. 1 do not
stand hero as the particular advocate for degrees
in the arts and sciences or for colleges; but the
community have supposed that there was some
character attached to such degrees, and if there is,
it seems to me we should not confer this power on
this institutions so that a degree from this deaf
and dumb institution should have the same rank
and standing as a degree fiom the highest and old-
est colleges and universities in the land.
Mr. ANTHONY. If I understand the bill cor-
rectly, it would enable this institution to confer
the degree of Doctor of Laws or Doctor of Di-
vinity. I think that would make the thing more
ridiculous than it is now, which is hardly neces-
sary. If they were to confer some degree appro-
priate to the institution upon the deaf and dumb,
it would be very proper. But I do not think it
ts necessary to pass this bill. I suppose the}* can
confer a degree of Doctor of Laws, if they choose,
without a legislative act. I suppose any institu-
tion, or any voluntary body of men, can do it. I
think the bill had better be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to report on
the nature of the degree they shall be authorized
to confer; and if the chairman of the committee
will agree to it I will make that motion.
* Mr. GRIMES. I am not very familiar with
this business of degrees. I never was in posses-
sion of one myself, and I never believed that they
conferred upon those gentlemen who were m pos-
session of them any particular merit or distinc-
tion. I know that institutions in my country
without any particular standing as scholastic in-
stitutions confer degrees; but the world judges of
the graduates by their success afterwards, and
not by the fact that they happen to have a degree
on parchment. I would not object myself to this
institution having the power to conler any kind
of degrees. I do not suppose anybody would be j
injured by conferring that power upon them, al-
though that is not the design of the act; and I do
not think there is any possibility or probability
of decrees being conferred on anybody else except
upon the pupils of the institution or occasionally
upon some person who'is distinguished as an ed-
ucationist of persons whoareafflicted by the loss
of their sight or their articulation.
I do not think it is a very important matter, and
I do not care whether it is recommitted or not. i
never imagined that it was of any particular ad-
vantage to the institution that the bill should be
passed. When it was brought to me by the gen-
tlemen who have charge of this ins#tuuon, I saw
no objection to it. There was not a member of
the committee to whom it was referred who saw
any objection to it; and I have failed thus far to
hear any substantial objection, except that possi-
bly they may confer degrees like Harvaid and
Yale colleges. Suppose they do: what harm is
going to be done to anybody? Is anybody going
to employ a deaf mute or a man who has not the
power of utterance and give him any greater con-
fidence because he has a diploma from this deaf
and dumb asylum than they would if he had not
one r Would not a man's credentials, if his char-
acter be good, be worth just as much without a
diploma from this deaf and dumb asylum as with
it? 1 beg pardon of the Senate for occupying its
time on such a subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the bill be re-
committed. I think the objectof the bill is a very
good one indeed, but 1 do not think the object is'
expressed in ihe bill itself. I think it will rather
make the institut'on ridiculous to give it the power
to confer literary or scientific degrees, whereas I
think it would be very pioper to give it the power
to confer some degree that may be framed and
invented for the deaf, dumb, and blind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fiom
Rhode Island moves to recommit the bill to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. There is no provision that the
degrees they confer shall be on the deaf and dumb
and the blind. I move to insert these words be-
fore the word " pupils."
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of my col-
league and of the other Senators who oppose this
blii if their opposition is not a little captious.
Piay, sir, what is the objection to this seminary
having the power to confer a degree as a matter
of compliment on somebody who was not edu-
cated there if they choose to do it and the man
chooses to accept it? Take the case of a man
who happens to be an educator of the deaf and
dumb, not deaf or dumb himself, buta man who
could talk and who could listen, and this institu-
tion, for the purpose of complimenting him for
his skill and faithfulness in educating the deafand
dumb, or for some other purpose, chooses to con-
fer a degree upon him, and he is willing to re-
ceive it—pray what is the objection to it? I do
not think there is any dangei of making the whole
tiling ridiculous, as suggested by the Senatorfrom
Rhode Island. I think we may as well trust this
matter m the hands of these people who educate
the deaf and dumb as anybody else. I do not
believe that they will abuse it. I can harder con-
ceive how it can be abused. 1 think we had bet-
ter allow this institution and the gentlemen who
are engaged m this good work to issue these de-
grees, and if anybody chooses to receive them,
and receive them as a compliment, let him have
them.
The lull was reported to the Senatcas amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole to strike out the words " or
others."
Mr. GRIMES. I withdrew that amendment
afterwards.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was put to the
Senate and agieed to, but can be disagreed to now.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the thud time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhliuon, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
158) in addition to an act to amend the laws re-
lating to the Post Office Department, approved
Ma! ch 3, 1803
Th§ messagefurther announced thatthe House
of Representatives had passed a joint resolution
(No. 38) directing the Secretary of the inferior to
pay to the-Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawato-
mie Indians residing m Michigan the <sum: of
#192,850; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 190) to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate trade and intercourse with tha
Indian tribes and to preserve peace on the fron-
tier," approved June 30, 1834.
HOUSE DILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 38) directing
the Secretary of the Interior to pay to the Chip-
pewa, Ottawa, arid Pottawatomie Indians resid-
ing in Michigan the sum of $192,850 was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs. „
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone all
prior orders,with a view of taking up and finishing
the bill that was under consideiation yesterday.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate, ets
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 40) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
18G5; the'pondmg question being on tlmamend-
ment offered by Mr. Sumner, from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, to add the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Jhxd be U further enacted, That the President may, in his
discretion, Jjy and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, appoint an envoy extraordinary and minister plenipo-
tentiary to the kingdom of Belgium, who shall receive no
higher compensation than is now allowed to a minister
i evident.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken on
the amendment I desire to add one word to what
was said yesterday, if I can have the attention of
the Senator from Maine.
The question was very earnestly asked by that
Senator what was the origin of this proposition.
I have in my hand the first origin of the proposi-
tion—at least so far as I am concerned, it is a
letter dated at " Brussels, November 23, 1863"—
a strictly private letter to myself from a very emi-
nent and very able citizen of the United States, by
accident in Brussels at that time,and, I may say,
there at this very moment. The Senator will ex-
cuse me if I do not mention his name. I have no
objection, of course, to communicate it to him
privately. From this letter I read a passage only:
"It seemed to me out of fitness that, on all public occa-
sions, ho [oui minister] should hold an inferior rank <ind tag
after a file of plenipotentiaries representing little X'owers
known only to adepts in geography. There is also another
incongruity which, I believe, has not failed to be ob&erved
here. Dclgiumsendsa plenipotentiary to Wa&hington ; and
we arc in the habit of bestowing upon King Leopold very
burdensome and we may suppose unwelcome tokens of our
respect by asking him to be arbiter in international ques-
tions! of which the investigation subjects him to great labor.
On the other hand, by sending to his court a representative
of inferior rank we seem quite clearly to declare thatwe iioid
him to be a monarch of lower grade,"
These, sir, are the words of a private citizen,
but one of singular intelligence and unexampled
opportunities in Belgium, who knows well the
actual condition of things in that country.
Here, then, is the testimony of one on the spot
that our country would be aided in Belgium by
givingnn additional rank to its representative there.
The Senate will bear me witness that in urging
this proposition yesterday I put it expressly on
the ground that it seemed to me important to
contribute at this moment in every possible way,
especially where itcould be done without any ad-
ditional draft upon the Treasury, to the efficiency
of our missions in Europe. I drd not put it upon
any ground of compliment to any minister, norin-
deed on any ground of mere compliment to the dis-
tinguished sovereign to whom the plenipotentiary
will be accredited, but simply on the ground that
m this way wc should add to the efficiency of our
representation abroad; and on this I gave my tes-
timony, such as it was woiith, enforced also by
the recommendation of the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Buta question was made as to,the desires of
