2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4r
Mr. DAVIS. With the Senator's permission
I will say that he draws his conclusion, not .mine.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it is mine.
Mr. DAVIS, My conclusion is that if a quo-
rum, consisting of a less majority than la majority
of all the members of both Houses, is allowed to
do business, that state of legislation and that mod-
ification of thepoweroflegislation will essentially
add to the danger of the interests of my constitu-
ency.
Mr. JOHNSON. How? In what way ? Sup-
pose the independence of the confederate States
was recognized to-day  
Mr. DAVIS. If it was, there would be an end
to this Confederation, to this Union; it would
stand dissolved, and every State would be thrown
back upon its original sovereignty.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I deny.
Mr. DAVIS. That I maintain.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I deny, because if the
honorable member is correct in that, if any one
State*could succeed, with the assent or against
the opposition of the rest of the States, in getting
out of the Union, the Union would be dissolved.
Now, supposing the Union to be in existence—
and I suppose I may assume that the Union
now stands—how does it stand and why does it
stand ? It stands upon its own Strength as repre-
sented by the loyal States. It stands maintained
by the power of the loyal States. It stands in
spite of South Carolina and those whom she 1ms
seduced to their rum; and if those States were by
some natural convulsion blotted out of mateual
existence to-morrow, the Union would stand rep-
resented in her remaining States. Theie is noth-
ing in the Constitution of the United States which
requires for the existence of the Union that each
State that comes in is to remain in fQrever; and
vet the position of my honorable ftiend from
Kentucky is that the moment any one State suc-
ceeds in getting out of, or is permitted to go out
of, the Union, the Union is dissolved, and each
State stands where it was before the Constitution
was adopted by which the Union was formed,
i protest, with all the respect I feel for the judg-
ment and patriotism of the honorable member
from Kentucky, that his proposition is wholly
unfounded. I was about to say, Mr. President,
if 1 am right, and I assume now that I am right,
what has Kenutucky to apprehend? What has
Maryland to apprehend? Are not both States
represented in this Chamber and in the other
House? From whom is danger to be appre-
hended to either State? From the other States
that are equally loyal with ourselves and united
with us as a band of brothers to maintain the
Government ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Sena-
tor, with his permission, this question: does he
maintain that the government of Maryland as it
is about to be organized by the presidential proc-
lamation and military interference will be legiti-
mately organized ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see that that is the
question before us in this debate. It has not been
so organized that I am aware of. I rather think
that Maryland is in the Union yet, and I am very
much inclined to think that if she is enabled to
maintain herself she means to remain in.
Mr.DAVIS. That does not answer my question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot answer the question,
because ihe occurrence has not happened.
Mr. DAVIS. I put it hypotheiically.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is not Kentucky in the
Union ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have heard a great deal
about military interference m the State of Ken-
tucky, and Kentucky ought to be out 
Mr. DAVIS. Her constitution has not been
pulled down by an illegitimate power and another
one erected for her by military interference'—not j
yet awhile.
Mr. JOHNSON, it is pulled down and dis-
regarded by military interference. If my hon-
orable friend was elected by the use of military
interference he ought not to be here.
Mr. DAVIS. I was riot.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know you were not, but
I was assuming it for the sake of the argument.
I know it could not well happen.
Mr. DAVIS, f agree to your proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, i have de-
darted somewhat, being very anxious to answer
any suggestion that falls fro'm the Senator from
Kentucky, from the argument with which I pro-
posed to conclude.
My friend said in his speech that every law
that shall be passed in virtue of such a construc-
tion as we#put upon the Constitution by a vote
in a body composed of less than a majority of the
whole, will be a nullity, and every comrt will so
hold.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say that the courts
would so hold. I gave it as my opinion that that
was the true principle, and I said thatif the courts
so held, they would vacate the legislation as a
matter of course.
Mr. JOHNSON. That amounts to the same
thing. He says the courts ought so to hold, be-
cause that is tne correct principle. If it be the
correct principle, then the courts would so hold,
because the courts are honest and intelligent.
Mr. DAVIS. In my judgment, that is the cor-
rect piinciple; but the courts might hold a very
different opinion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should think that would
be very likely on this particular question.
Mr. DAVIS. And I suppose it might be very
different from yours.
Mr. JOHNSON. That may be; they have
often done so, very mujh to the disappointment
of my clients..
If my honorable friend from Kentucky is right
in his legal proposition, we are in a very bad
way. The House of Representatives during the
whole of last session and during the whole of
this have been acting upon the view of the Con-
stitution which.I am maintaining, and most of
the laws that have been passe# have been uncon-
stitutionally passed 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me respectfully to propound to him another
question? * Does he maintain that a less number
of either House of Congress than a constitutional
majority may pass a law?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; but I say that there is
a constitutional majority.
Mr. DAVIS. He agrees to the principle; he
only differs as to the fact.
Mr. JOHNSON. What difference does it make,
looking to the result which the Senator appre-
hends, whether we adhere to the past course of
the Senate, or whether we adopt the present rule
of the House of Representatives? Looking to
that result, if the rule of the House is'to require
less than a constitutional majority, then so far as
the validity of our legislation is concerned it is
perfectly jmmaterial whether our view which re-
quires thatco-nstitutional majority issound.or not:
the laws are equally invalid. And yet I have not
heard fiom dnybody except from my honorable
friend a suggestion that the legislation for the last
two years, when the House of Representatives
hav"e been acting upon the rule that a quorum
consists of a majority of the members elected, is
invalid.
Suppose it be doubtful. Itcannot be, I submit
to my friend from Kentucky, so very clear. Then
if it be doubtful, what should we do in the pres-
ent condition of the country? Adopt that rule
which the convenience of legislation required,
which the business of the country demands at our
hands; and we are not without precedents. In
the absence of any express constitutional provis-
ion in relation to quorum, what would be a quo-
rum ? In the House of Lords three of the lords
constitute a quorum; m the House of Commons
at one time forty niembeis out of a House of over
six hundted members. Lately, I believe, they
have increased the number to sixty, which con-
stitutes a quorum.
Mr. DAVIS. Thatis no authority for the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it is no authority;
but I mention it for the purpose of showing that
there is no great inconvenience, and that in the
absence of any express and positive provision
requiring a specific number to constitute a quorum
we must be thrown upon what may be considered
as the law of Parliament, and make that a quorum
which" we ourselves think should constitute a
quorum.
Mr. DAVIS. I make my apology to the hon-
orable Senator for having interrupted him, and
with one more question shall not interrupt him
further. Doesthe honorable Senator contend that
if thirteen members of the Senate were to i:et to-
gether and were to assume to pass laws, those
thirteen members could legitimately pass laws for
the Senate of the United States, and that when
they were so passed by thirteen members with all
the other forms of legislaiion, they would have
the validity of laws?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; I have not said any such
thing. I have said that the Constitution required
to constitute a quorum a majority of those who
were elected to the House of Representatives'or
elected to the Senate; and that is the reading which
I give to the only clause which prescribes the
quorum.
Mr. DAVIS. I attempted to show that the
principle might lead to that state of case, and that
it was not an improbable state of case, when thir-
teen members would be authorized to assume the
legislative powers of the Senate. The question
that I propounded to the honorable Senator was
this: if the Senate was placed in circumstances
where thirteen members of the body would be as-
suming to act and acting for the body in'passing
its laws, would that action be legitimate accord-
ing to the Constitution?
Mr. JOHNSON. It is very easy to put ex-
treme cases about anything. The Senator might
as well ask if one member was elected to the Sen-
ate he could constitute the Senate, and if one mem-
ber was elected to the House he could constitute
the House of Representatives. That is not the
question which I was trying to discuss. What
1 mean to say is this: that according to my in-
terpretation of the clause in question it requires
only a majority of members; and until my friend
can satisfy me that there are Senators entitled to
seats on this floor who have not been chosen as
Senators, or that there are members entitled to
seats in the House of Representatives who have
not been elected, whose names nobody ftas ever
heard of or can hear of, because they are not in
existence, I think I shall remain of the opinion
which I stated when I rose to address the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to make a remark. The
clause of theConstitution which determines what
proportion of the two Houses severally as it had
ordained them should be necessary to constitute
a quorum to do business did not then apply to a
Senate or House of Representatives in the con-
crete, to a body of men composing a Senate and
another body a House; no such bodies of men
were then in existence. It applied to the Senate
and the House which it had organized by pre-
vious provisiohs, and also to the quorum of each
which it was then about to organize, as abstrac-
tions, merely constitutional and legal entities.
The matter to be determined was what part of
the numerical strength of each House should be
required by the Constitution to form a quorum
to do business. The plan of the Constitution
reported to the Convention by its committee pro-
posed it in these words:
"Each House shall be the judge of the electiqns, re-
turns, and qualifications of it* own members, and a ma-
jority of each iliaiy&oustmitc a quorum to do busine&s."
A majority of what? Of each House? What
was each House? Not the Senators ami Repre-
sentatives elected and chosen, but of the abstract
Senate and House as they had been organized by
principles that would give to each body a certain
numberof members; and the majority of the num-
ber of which each House was to be composed, it
declared, should be a quorum to do business.
When the question was under consideration in
the Convention, there was no proposition to en-
large the quorum of the Houses beyond the ma-
jority of them respectively, but the inconveniences
and obstructions to business resulting from such
a large quorum were pointed out and enforced by
several members, and sundry and different prop-
ositions were made to reduce the quorum below
the Majority, and they were all inflexibly voted
down, and the objections against that large quo-
rum were attempted to be obviated by giving to a
less number than a majority the power to com-
pel the attendance of absent members. if a less
number had constituted a quorum, there would
have been no reason forgivingto them that power.
The rule, the principle of the quorum of Ihe two
Houses is established by the Constitution; and
that is, the majority of the Senate and not of the
Senators chosen, and of the House of Represent-
atives and not of the Representatives elected, con-
stitutes the quoi urns to do business of the Senate
and House respeaivtly.
