64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21.
is raised and another call made for other three
hundred thousand men, the party paying the com-
mutation money is exempted.
Mr. HOWE. I will not undertake to contra-
dict the Senator from Pennsylvania on that point.
XVIy attention was called to it by a provost mar-
shal in my State, and I gave him my own opin-
ion of what the law ought to be, and what I sup-
posed it was. It was that he should only be ex-
empted from the particular draft made, but should
be stdl liable to any subsequent draft.
Under the operation of the provision I have
suggested, if a call is made for three hundred thou-
sand men, and they are drawn from the box, arid
one hundred and fifty thousand choose to pay
whatever is the sum fixed for commutation, say
§300, they are exempt from that diaft, and you
only get half the number you want; but that fund
is distributed among those who enter the service,
and they get a bounty from the hands of those
who are exempted from that burden, who owed
it equally with them to the Government, taking
it from them, and not apart of it from those par-
ties who are drawn and go. They get $300 apiece.
You pay a bounty to all these men of $300, and j
the men who serve, who go into the Army, pay
a part of it. Let it come out of the pockets of
those who are exempt from the service, and then
they pay the whole of it.
1 think such a provision would be satisfactory;
and while I am speaking-, as I do not propose to
speak ngain on any of the points in this bill, I !
wish to say that it seems to me, whether a substi- i
tute is provided, or a sum of money is paid by j
way of commutation, it should exempt only from j
that particular draft. This bill, I notice, provides !
that the furnishing of a substitute exempts for the 1
whole term of service specified in the call. The j
result of that is, that if your whole military force |
amounts to a million nu-n absolutely liable to do !
military duty, and the President neon lit to call for |
five hundred thousand, and you mako a draft of '
the five hundred thousand, and the live hundred i
thousand drawn, instead of going, hue I lie other |
five hundred thousand to go as substitutes for ;
them, on a single draft of half a million men j
you have exhausted the whole military force, ;
amounting to a million; and whatevei may be the ;
precise numbers, under this rule of action, evei y |
man who employs a substitute actually uses up .
two men belonging to the militai y fwi ce of the Um j
ted Stales, it seem.s to me that that is prodigality, ]
that it is improvident, and I hope that provision j
will be amended-, and if the chairman of the Mii- ;
itary Committee is at all disposed to adopt the pro- i
vision which I have suggested here, then [ should |
hope he would forego, at the piesent time, the |
adoption of this last clause to the iiist section. j
Mr. WILSON. What is your proposition? !
Mr. HOW 15. This last proposition, at the !
close of the first section is, that after the 5th day :
of January there shall be no bounties paid by the h
United States Government to substitutes, and ij
none to enlisted or drafted men, except the bounty i!
of $300 provided by law. That would not beab- ;j
solutely necessary anywhere, because if that be L
struck out there will be no law after the 5th of i!
January authorizing the payment of any bounty -i
to either of these classes of men. Being there it j'
will be somewhat repugnant to the provision i ;|
propose to oiler, which 'is not that theie shall be ij
no bounties paid, but no bounties paid by the !j
Government, only a distribution of the comma- i{
tauon money paid by those who pay for exemp- ',j
tion; that that shall be distributed among the men Ij
who jto in. It does not come out of the Tiea sury,
but comes out of the pockets of those who owed
the scuue duty that these men paid, but whochose j
to pay money rather than to pay the duty. !
Then, as I said, under the illustration that I '!
gave of the opeiation of it, yon do not get on the i|
fitst draft the number of men you called for, but ,j
you have only reduced or weakened the military
force by the exact number of men you get in the 'j
service, and all the restsliK remain liable to duty,
and it you want one hundred thousand more, you 'J
have only to turn the wheel again and they come 'j
up. In that way you certnin'iy can fill up your ■!
Army to any number which ihe whole military ,,
force of the United States will wanant. '
Mr. WILSON. M<\ Pi evident, 1 will say to !
the Senator from Wisconsin that the question of 4
repealing the ^300 commutation clause is in an- tj
other hill that i intend to call up after this. i|
Mr. IIOWE. I know it.
Mr. WILSON. This is a simple bill making
legal the bounties offered by the Government,
making an appropriation for their payment, in-
creasing the pay of the Army, and equalizing the
pay of the colored troops. That is the substance
of this bill, which we would like to get through at
once. Out of this bill and the other has been
framed a small bill in which is included an appro-
piiation that i hope to welcome fiom the House
of Representatives to-day or to-morrow morning,
and that we shall be pretty sure to get thiough, !
think, befoie the adjournment over the holidays.
Mr. IIOWE. The Senator will allow me to
say that 1 was aware that that subject belonged
to another bill, and I had prepared the proper
amendments to move to it; but, indulging in the
corrseof discussion indulged inby others, I made
my remarks with a view of suggesting to the Sen-
ate the propriety of waiving this amendment for
the present.
Mr. WILSON. In regard tothisamendment,
the committee, as I have before said, went upon
the theory that the pledge of the Government
should be redeemed; that we should stop there
and leave matters as they now are, with the ex-
ception of substitutes; and it was thought best
that persons drafted and employing substitutes
should pay them m full, and that would relieve
the Government.
I think, sir, from what has been said here to-
day, that theie is a great deal of misapprehension
m regard to the history of recruiting the troops
we have raised. As was said by the Senator
from Maine, when the rebellion sprang upon the
country, our people leaped to arms. We raised
very leadilya Uuge number of men. At that time
all kinds of employments weie checked; the price
of labor was very low. That fact undoubtedly
had its effect, m addition to the spontaneous en-
thusiasm and patnotism of the people. But, sir,
in the month of January, 1862, recruiting began
to wane; and m January, Februai y, and March,
of 186:3, we had very few men enlisted. At that
tune we had scattered through the country about
one hundred and fifty unfilled regiments. Regi-
ments had been stai ted here and there all over the
country; and we had several hundied recruiting
officei s out at enormous expense, and \v e were rais-
ing very few men. Those regiments could not he
filled by the oiiieers that had undettaken to raise
them.
The Senator from Maine in March, 1662, called
our attention to the reported number of men and
the expenses of the recruiting system. He re-
ferred to the large number of men we were then
supposed to have. We had not and could not ob-
tain at the War Office evidence of the number we
did have, but we weie told that we had some
seven to eight hundred thousand num. The Gov-
ernment stopped that mode of reci uiting for about
thnty days, and forced the consolidation of these
fragments of legiments, scattered over the coun-
try, and ascertained what number of troops we
actually had. Finding that we had fewer troops
by one hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand
than had been represented, the Government im-
mediately commenced an improved system of re-
el uiting. 1 have no doubt, sir, that this action of
the Government, instead of checking ncruitinfr
in the spi mg of 1662, n ally added to the military
fotce ot the countiy on the 1st of July of that
year. I had no doubt of it then. 1 have none
now.
! n the middle of the summer of 1862 we began
to feel, n« the active campaigns progressed, that
we required moie men, and Congress passed an
act providing for the calling out of the militia for
nine months. I belkve the Senator Aom Ver-
mont [Mr. Colj.amer] was anxious to fix it at
that tune, as he thought nine months was long
enough lor nnhtia to scive. We passed that act
authorizing the Gos eminent to call upon the Gov-
ernors of the States for militia for the term of nine
months, and they were to be drafted undei the
militia laws of the States. While we were making
that law, and just as we were about adjourning,
thcic came to us fiom all parts of the country a
call for an act of Congress providing for drafting
men. Tlie Albany Argus, the New Yoik Ex-
press, and the World, the Illinois Roaster, and
many of the leading journals of the Opposition,
till maintained that dialling was the only equal
way of getting troops. Then, sir, under the power
to call out the militia, there was an enrollment
begun in the various States, and by diaf'ing and
by volunteering under the bounties of the Gov-
ernment, and the bounties offered by the States
and by towns and by indi\iduais, we raised then
something like foui hundied thousand of the six
hundred thousand men called for.
At the last session of Congress we began to
feel what every nation feels that carries on a war
any length of time: we began to realize that
war is a great drain upon the labor of a countiy.
The wages of labor everywhere rose, especially
of skilled labor. Business revived, and has since
been exceedingly active. Men who couid earn,
a few weeks after the rebellion broke out, but fif-
teen or twenty dollars a month, \v eie able to earn
forty or fifty dollars a month, and that fact has
continued so to this time. This general pros-
peiity is a check upon the filling up of the ranks
of the Army. Besides that, many of our com-
munities have already had immense drafts upon
them. I live in a little town of five thousand
thiee hundred inhabitants,and we have sentover
five hundred men to the war foi three years. It
is so in many other places, and it is now very
hard to get men to go at ail unless they are drafted
or paid enormous bounties.
Then, sir, we passed the enrollment act, and
we desired to make that act just as humane as
possible, and to cot rect the inequalities thatexisted
m all the diaft laws of the States. The burdens
imposed by the State laws were upon the toiling
poor, an<i those who were exempted were the more
privileged portion of the community. in ouren-
rollment law we exempted four or five classes of
persons who were poor or had poor relatives de-
pendentupon them. We inserted the commuta-
tion provision, of which so much has been said,
which has been so much misrepresented and mis-
understood. That provision was put intotheact
for no earthly reason but to make that law bear
as lightly as possible upon the poor and the labor-
ing portion of the people. We thought if that
piovision was not in the bill, it would be found
when the draft was made that there would be an
immense rise in the price of substitutes; that there
would be great speculation, that the price of sub-
stitutes would go up to $1,200 or $1,500 or §2,000
in afew days; thatthe mechanics, the small farm-
ers, the laboring men of the country, no matter
what might be their condition, could not obtain
substitutes; that thus the law would bear with
great weight upon the poorer portion of the peo-
ple. We thought £300 v/asa fair sum to fix; that
the effect would be to keep down the price of sub-
stitutes, and that the Federal Government, having
the whole country to recruit from, especially the
rebel States, would lelieve the loyal portion of
the country to some extent, and put some of the
burden upon the portion of the country m rebel-
lion. We were right in our opinions.
| This section of the act was misrepresented, I
j think very wickedly misrepresented. 1 think if
| that provision had not been in the law the same
i outcry would have been made against substitutes;
! that when we came to put the law into effect, and
the puce of substitutes had been very high, then
i the cry would have had great effect, from the
J fact that no man could get a substitute without
I paying away a small fortune. Nobody but rich
men could obtain substitutes. Now it is pro-
posed to strike out that clause. It is said by the
Senator from Indiana, who made the proposition
eaiiy in the session, and who has addiessed us
to-day against the provision, that it has not fur-
nished the number of men needed. I behave the
moie we study it, we shall find that the enroll-
ment act needs a few amendments of detail, but
very few, and the mam, leading features of it
must be retained. I think ail the trouble in the
act was that it was not at once promptly and en-
ergetically put in force and kept in foice until it
brought into the field the lequired number of men
or the money to recruit the required number of
men. Now, sir, what is the fact* The Senator
from Indiana has reteried to the report up to the
1st doy of November; but 1 have been tuid—in
fact, it has been published — that we have obtained
fiom fifty to sixty thousand men from the draft,
and (hat we have now about twelve million dol-
lais from the commutation. If it be ^i~,000 000j
forty thousand men have paid the commutation.
Now, it is said that we have not the men. Sir, with
this money that was raised, the Secretary of War
