1110
THE COIN1 GrliESSIOjSTAL GLOBE.
March 15,
the King of Belgium, and 'I wa#asked whether J
there was any evidence on that head. In reply
I siated^that the Government, of the King of Bel-
gium had invited the iast Administration to send
a plenipotentiary to Brussels, but I did not state
the case with sufficient strength.- The desires of
a foreign Government may be seen in two ways:
first, in a positive request or invitation, which of
course must go for something; and secondly, in
a positive act, which goes much beyond even any
positive request or invitation. Heie, then, are
the two classes of evidence. The positive act of
the Government of Belgium is that it has accred-
ited a plenipotentiary to our Government. This
act on the part of the Belgian Government de-
serves, I submit, even if it does not demand, re-
ciprocity on our part; and when Senators ask
whether a plenipotentiary would be agreeable to
the King of Belgium, or according to his desires,
I reply that we have positive and unanswerable
evidence to enable us to answer this inquiry in the
fact that his Government has sent an amiable and
accomplished minister plenipotentiary to our Gov-
ernment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I am
called upon to say anything in reply to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts; but it is very natural to
suppose that theie may be a citizen abroad who
may have a very considerable feeling of pride,who
would be struck with the fact that the minister
of the United States was simply a minister resi-
dent, while the ministers of divers and sundry
small Powers were envoys extraordinary, and he
might think that that fact detracted from the dig-
nity of our Government. I am in the habit of
thinking that the dignity of the Government does
not depend on such small matters, but that it
is impossible to ignore the Government of the
United States, and that we shall be estimated
abroad according to our actual power and what
that is known to be in the world, without refer-
ence to the particular grade of the ministers whom
wc choose to send abroad. Although the gentle-
man writing this letter may have ptechudy the
opinions that he expresses, it does not follow, [
think, that the Senate of the United States must
necessarily entcitain the same view. A man re-
siding abroad a long time nmy get impressions
which, perhaps, are as little likely to be in har-
mony wiih our own mode of thinking at home as
wo should desire them to be.
I think this proposition h< open to all the ob-
jections that 1 stated yesterday. The same ar-
gument piecisely would apply to other Govern-
ments, liolland for example, wilh which and its
dependencies we have, if { have l i^htly ascertained
the facts, about double the amount ofmtercouisc
in the way of trade that we have with Belgium,
although since the war commenced we may have
made consideiabiy more purchases of firearms,
munitions of war, &c., of Belgium than we did
before.
It seems after all that this idea did not originate
in any expression of a wish on the part of that
Government, butin a mere pnvate letter, and was
started in the first place at the suggestion of some
eminent citizen abioad, as 1 supposed in tin* be-
ginning, und notin any desire of an oulcial char-
acter officially expressed. That a small Power,
a second-rate Power, chose to send a minister
plenipotentiary here was a matter for that Power
to consider. 1 do not think there is anything in
our relations with Belgium, or any feeling; ex-
hibited in rcgaul to the whole matter, that should
lead us to depart from the line of policy we have
adopted and the distinction we have seen lit to
make, merely for the purpose of raising this gen-
tleman another grade. The result I can easily
foresee. I have seen before in other caacs from
what simple beginnings great results grow in the
way of money. 1 think we had hotter stand in
the way of the first step, and resist that. My
opinion, with all respect to the. Senator from
Massachusetts amd the committee which he rep-
resents, remains the same ascxpressed yesterday.
However, it is for the Senate to decide. It is a
matter about which I have no feeling.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If I am to vote to In-
crease the giade, very ceitainly I shall vote to in-
crease the salary, because I would not be willing
to impose the honors without the compensation
which would enable the man to bear his honors
properly in the presence of the representatives of
other nations. It is very plain what this thing
will result in. If wc raise the grade now, next
session we shall raise the salary, and we may as
weH meet it nt once. I therefoie move to strike
out the last clause of the proposition which re-
stricts the pay. If that be the sense of the Sen-
ate, there can be no necessity for raising the grade,
because the President has that power now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana proposes to amend the amendment by
striking out the words, " who shall receive no
higher compensation than is now allowed to-a
minister resident."
Mr. ANTHONY. lam going to hold the Sen-
ator from Maine to the promise he made yester-
day. 1 understood him then to say that if he
could be satisfied that this request came from the
potentate to whom we arc under so great obliga-
tions for friendship and kindness, and not from
a desire to gratify the incumbent of the office, he
should be willing to accede to it. Now, I think
the Senator from Massachusetts lias made out
that case completely. Certainly the Senator from
Massachusetts has shown that the King of Bel-
gium made tins request under the last Adminis-
tration.
Mr. SUMNER. I have stated the faet.
Mr. ANTHONY. And I can state the fact.
I know it. I know it from the State Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want that officially.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator is very
particular. The Secretary of State has told me
that ho made that request; that he made it under
the last Administration; and that, in anticipation
that we should grant the request, he sent a full
minister here to us. I think something is due to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; they have
investigated this matter, they have consulted with
the State Depaitmcnt, and they make this prop-
osition. When the Senator from Maine makes
o proposition from the Committee on Finance we
all agree to it; wc have to agree to it first or last.
We vote to tax whisky or not to tax it, just as
he says. We raise all the taxes that he says are
necessary; we make ail the appiopiiations that
he says ale pioper,and cannot make any that he
does not n reo to. I acknowledge that that is
proper. I sometimes remonstrate against it, and
sometimes I vote against it, hut. if 1 do I am al-
ways voted down, as in such cases 1 generally
ought to be. I want to hold the Senator from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, in the same respect that 1
do the Senator from Maine at the head of the ex-
chequer; and I think he ought, m consideiation
of the implicit obedience with which we yield to
all ins i equests, to give something to the chairman j
of the other committee. j
Mr. li ALE. 1 hope we shall repay all the >
gratitude that is due to this old King of Belgium
somehow or other pretty soon, so that it shall not
be brought up on every bill to influence us. Not
long ago we had up here a bill to buy out the
Scheldt dues-
Mr. SUMNER. That was a treaty, in secret
session.
Mr. GRIMES, (to Air. Hale.) It has passed 1
now, and you have a right to talk about it.
Air. HALE. Yes; it is a law now.
Mr*ANTHONY. No, H is not.
Air. SUMNER. It has not yet been promtil-
g\ted.
Mr. HALE. I am glad that the Senators see
the force of what I was going to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest, to the Senator
that he can suppose a case.
Mr. HALE. Thank you. I will suppose a
case where'we had before us a treaty which was
to saddle our Treasuiy with a debt of neaily a
million dollars, and that the principal argument
for it was an obligation of gratitude that we owed
to this King of Belgium; and now it is proposed
to raise the grade of the minister to Belgium to
gratify this good old man for whom we voted a
million the other day. I am opposed to the whole
of it, and I am opposed *to it for this reason: it
does seem to me that from the commencement of
this rebellion to the present time the men who
have had the dealing with it here in the Senate
have thought the whole remedy consisted in rais-
ing the rank and pay of officers; and we have got
now pending, introduced by the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, two bills of the
same kind; one of them was discussed the other
day, in regard to the regiment of engineers, and
the other was introduced this morning, in regard
to the artillery.
Air. WILSON. "Wehave passed the engineer
bill.
Air. HALE. It is constantly raisins: rank and
raising sa'anes; and it has not been confined to the
Military Committee. I remember that my friend
from Michigan [Mr. Chandllr] thought it was
absolutely necessary, in order to put down this
rebellion, to raise the pay of the revenue-cutter
officers, and it was done because raising pay and
rank seemed to be the lemedy. Now the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations have taken it up.
They have begun morp modestly. They propose
to raise the rank this year and the pay next. It
will all come to the same thing. And at the same
time we are spending money as if the enassmnsof
the paper factories that wc have going turning it
outwore never to come back to be redeemed. This
is a small matter to speak on in that connection,
pcihaps, but I tell you a time is coming when we
shall learn economy or bankruptcy, and that is
not far off, unless we alter our course of constantly
increasing rank or pay.
I apprehend that this matter in regard to the
minister atBelguim is altogether but a compli-
ment, There is no public necessity, no public want
for any minister there; but wc have got one, and I
do not propose to disturb him or to do anything to
disturb him, I confess that I am opposed to this
raising of rank and raising of pay. I am some-
what of aeon vei t to the doctiines that weic poured
out here so bountifully when a proposition was
made to raise the salary of some naval paymasters®
clerks thatgot about five hundred dollars a year-
What a Upodgate of economy overflowed the Sen-
ate at that moment! It is only such little thingsthai
excite the patriotism and economy of the Senate;
.but when you come tobngadicrgeneralsand min-
isters plenipotentiary, and characters of thatsort,
there is no end to the money that you may vote
without any reproof or any indictment.
Sir, we aie going in a wrong diiection; we must
turn lound; we must adopt a different system;
and we must (though I know it will sound ridicu-
lous to many ears) recur to some of the old-fash-
ioned notions of economy that used to prevail m
the public councils.
It is idle lo maintain that this proposition does
not look to an increase of salary. It is an insult
to the minister if increased pay does not follow.
Why shall a minister plenipotentiary be sent to
Belgium and he be made an exception to all the
other ministers plenipotentiary? What has A'lr.
San fold done that he should be subjected to this
indignity by the Senate, to say that he shall be
made a minister plenipotentiary and at the same
time shall only receive the salary of a minister
resident,making him an exception to all the other
officers of the Government of this kind? While I
am willing to do a pleasantthing to the old gentle-
man who is the King of Belgium, I am unwill-
ing to do it at the expense of insulting our own
minister at the same time; for, while it will be a
compliment to the King of Belgium, it will be an
insult to the minister to point him out und say,
lie shall have additional rank, but shall not have
additional pay.
I think my friend from Indiana [Air. Hen-
dricks] has mistaken the remedy. He had better
vote against the whole thing, because if you strike
out the provision against an increase of salary,
(and I rather think the Senate will strike it out,)
you cannot then get the other part stricken out;
and the result will be that you have stricken out
the only part you want to keep in, and got in the
part that you want to keep out. I think it is best
to keep it all out.
Air. GRIMES. I do not know anything about
diplomacy; but my idea tdways has been that
matters of state should be made public. The*
Senator from ATassachusefts, the chaiimanof the
Committee on Foreign Relations, may have some
information upon the subject; he may be willing
to communicate it. or he may not; but I venture
to ask him the question whether or not any por-
tion of this idea has originated in the fact that this
King of Belgium, Leopold, is the father-in-law of
Maximilian, who is to be our neighbor in Mexico;
and whether this is designed to propitiate the in-
fluences that are likely to control him if he shall
become our neighbor in Alexico ?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator wish an
answer?
