THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 18,
ton and Georgetown Railroad Company, with an
amendment in the form of a substitute.
The substitute gives the right to the Washing-
ton and Georgetown Railroad Company to con-
struct horse railways upon any public highway
within the county of Washington, limiting the
fare on such roads to ten cents for each passen-
ger, aftd making the necessary limitations and
guards connected with .the grant.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended'was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time,and passed.
"Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to l.ay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REVISION OF THE DISTRICT LAWS.
Mr. BEAMAN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back without
amendment Senate joint resolution No. 59, to
provide for the revision of the laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The joint resolution was read. It states that
the revised code of the District of Columbia was
prepared under the act to improve the laws of the
District of Columbia, and to codify the same, ap-
proved March 3, 1855, and published by order
of Congress in 1857, and it is believed that said
code was a comprehensive, complete, and accu-
rate compilation of the laws of the Distiict at the
period of its execution, and that measures should
Be taken to have the work brought down to the
present time and perfected; and enacts, that the
Committees on the District of Columbia of the two
Houses of Congress, respectively, be instructed
to cause said code to be so revised, amended, and
corrected, and also the laws of Congress for said
District passed since the compilation aforesaid,
as shall adapt the same to the present condition
of the laws, and may employ not more than two
suitable persons on the preparation of the work
at a compensation of ten dollars per day for the
time employed; and the code so prepared shall
be primed by direction of the committees in a
neat and convenient form for the use of the com-
mittees and Congress; and the committees shall
report the same to their respective Houses at the
next session of Congress for adoption.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly reud the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to Jay the motion to reconsider on tike table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER stated that the business of
the Commute for the District of Columbia hav-
ing been disposed of, the business next in order
was the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I have just learned that the
Senate has taken off the duty on railroad iron,
which I suppose will enable the Pacific Railroad
Company to get their iron so cheaply that no
further grant will be necessary. [Laughter.] 1
therefore move that the bill be postponed til] to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the bill will come up in the morning hour ut any
rate.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well,! move, then, that
ihe House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to: and thereupon (at
nine o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 18, 18G4.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
On motion of Mr, ANTHONY, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal wa3 dis-
pensed Willi.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COLL AM ER presented twenty-five pe~
titions, embracing the names of fourteen hundred
find eighty-nine citizens of Vermont, praying for
the passage of the bill (H. R. No. 276) to secure
to persons in the military or naval service of the
United States homesteads on confiscated or for-
feited estates in insurrectionary districts; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands*
Mr,,LANE, of Indiana, presented a petition of
men and women of Indiana, praying for the abo-
lition of slavery, and such, an amendment of the
Constitution as will forever prohibit itsexistence
in any portion of the Union; which was referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. FOOT presented three petitions of citizens
of Vermont, praying for the passage of the bill
(H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the mil-
itary or naval service of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or forfeited estates in insur-
rectionary districts; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
11EFOKTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the motion to
print the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating an abstract of the returns re-
quired to be made by banks and associations
doing a banking business, as provided by the act
of March 3, 3863, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent," and agreed to:
Pewlvedf That two thousand additional copics of the
abstiact of the reports of the bank4?, associations, corpoia-
tions, and individuals doing a banking business, made to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, communicated to
the Senate by the Secretary of the Tieasury, in response
to a resolution passed May ยฃ0,18G4, be printed for tiie use
of the Senate.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was xeferred tiie resolution submitted by Mr.
Trumbull on the 13th instant, that five thousand
additional copies of the report of the Smithso-
nian Institution, for 1863, be printed, reported
it without amendment; and it was agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the
report of tiie Smithsonian institution for 1863 be printed,
two thousand for the use of the Smithsonian Institution
and three thousand for the use of the Senate: Provided,
That the aggregate number of pages contained in said re-
port shall not exceed fourhundrcd and fifty, without wood-
cuts or plates, except those furnished by the Institution ;
and that the Superintendent of Public Piinttn? be author-
ized, if consistent with the public service, to alimv the
Smithsonian Institution to stereotype the report atitsown
expense, or to otherwise print at its own expense such ad-
ditional copies ad may be desired, from the type set m the
Government printing establishment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution to print one thousand
copies of all Indian treaties, asked to be discharged
from Us further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which
was agreed to.
He atao, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Senate, exhibiting a detailed
statement of all payments from the contingent fund
of tiie Senate for the year ending December 6,1863,
reported in favor of punting the same; and the
report was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Seeietary of the S'-nate
be referred to the Committee to Audit andConUoi the Con-
tingent Expenses ot the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also instructed by the
Committee onPiinting, to whom was referred the
motion to print the report of Lieutenant Colonel
J. H. Simpson, on his explorations across the
Great Basin of Utah Territory, to report a res-
olution on the subject. The report is an ex-
ceedingly valuable one, and at some time should
be printed; but the costof it will exceed ยง100,000,
and the committee did not deem H proper to rec-
ommend such an appropriation at the pie^ent
time. They instruct me to report the following
resolution,and I ask for its present consideration:
Resoh'cd, That it is inexpedient at present to print ihe
revolt ut Lieutenant Colonel J. II. Simpson, and that the
Secretary of the Senate lefnin the m.muscript.^, drawings,
and maps, now on the files of the Senate, to the chief of
the engineer eorp for preservation.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also directed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred the
motion to print the message of the President of
the United States communicating a copy of the rec-
ord containing the charges, sentence, judgment,
and proceedings in ths case of William Yoeum,
to report in favor of printing the same, I ask
for its present consideration.
Mr, WILSON,
that ?
What it1 the use of minting
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that that report
lie over under the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie over
if objection be made.
Mr. POWELL. I hope not. It is a very
small matter.
Mr. ANTHONY. The cost is very trifling;
only some $50.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. Objection be-
ing made, it must lie over.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill(H.R.No.
483) granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from Lake Superior
to Puget sound on the Pacific coast, by the north-
ern route, reported it with amendments.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
466) for the relief of the widow of C. A. Haun,
reported it with amendments, and submitted a re-
port (No. 86) which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 347) for the re-
lief of Martha Jane Skaggs, reported it with an
amendment, and submitted a report (No. 87)
which was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bjringin a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 68) securing payment to the Dela-
ware and Pottawatomie Indians for lands sold to
the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western Rail-
road Company, now known as the Union Pacific
Railway Company, eastern division; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
312) to regulate the compensation of registers
and receivers of the land offices in the State of
Iowa, in the location of lands by States and cor-
porations under giants from Congress; which was
read twice by its title, and icferred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands,and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 313) for
the relief of Henry Rudd; which was read twice
by its title, and ordeied to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 314) for
the relief of James P. Johnson; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked,and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 315) in
relation to the sale of reservations of the public
lands; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWE. The substance of this bill has
been sent to me by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office. There are some reservations
ordered for sale, and hedesires that this bill may
be passed at this session, otherwise it will not be
in season for those sales. I have shown it to the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
and to one other member of that committee in
the Senate, and the chairman of the committee on
the part of the House of Representatives. They
think it is right; and if there is no objection, I
should like to have it considered now. It will
lead to no debate.
Mr. WILSON. I object to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot be considered to-day.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary, announced
that he had on yesterday, the 17th instant, ap-
ptoved and signed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 10G) to prohibit certain sales of
gold and foreign exchange;
A bill (S. No. 129) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the corporation of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to lay and col-
lect a water tax, and for other purposes," ap-
proved May 21, 1863;
A bill (S. No. 216) to grant the right of pre-
emption to certain settlers on the Rancho Bolsa
de Tomales, in the State of California;
A bill (S. No, 223} to regulate the foreign intl
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 282) to amend an act entitled
"A n act to extend the time for the withthawal of
