1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
goods from public stores and bonded warehouses,
and for other purposes," approved 29th Febru-
ary, 1864;
A bill (S. No. 285) to regulate the veto power
in the Territory of Washington; and
A bill (S. No. 293) to empower the Superannu-
ated Fund Society of the Maryland Annual Confer-
ence to hold property in the District of Columbia,
and to take a devise under the will of the late
William Doughty.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houseson the bill (S. No. 145) to equal-
ize the pay of soldiers in the UnitedStates Army,
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the following House bills:
A bill (No. 179) concerning lands in the State
of California;
A bill (No. 217) to confirm certain entries of
lands in the State of Missouri; and
A bill (No. 247) granting lands to the State of
Wisconsin to build a military road to Lake Su-
perior.
The message also announced tliat the House of
Representatives had passed the following bills and
joint resolutions of the Senate:
A bill (No. 253) to amend the act of 21st De-
cember, 1861, entitled " An act to further pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy;"
A bill (No. 270) to amend an act entitled " An
act to establish and equalize the grades of line
officers of the United States Navy,'* approved
July 10, 1862;
A joint resolution (No. 44) for the relief of the
clerks at the Kittery and Philadelphianavy-yartls;
and
A joint resolution (No. 53) to provide for the
revision of the laws of the District of Colum-
bia.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bills; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 514) to amend " An act to extend the
charter of the Alexandria and Washington rail-
road, and for other purposes;" passed March 3,
1863; and
A bill (No. 522) to amend the charter of the
Washing ton and George town Railroad Company.
OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. COLLAMER. By order of the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads I reported yes-
terday morninga jointrpsolution from the House
of Representatives authorizing the Postmaster
General to extend the contract with the Overland
Mail Company for a year. I suggested then that
the Vrtlue oi' it depended entirely upon the prompt-
ness of action upon it. Unless we can have it
passed immediately, it is of no use. I simply
wish the Senate to pass upon it, either reject it or
allow it, one or the other. 1 move to take up
that joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and tile Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 93) to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to extend the
contract with the Overland Mail Company. It
authorizes the Postmaster General, in his discre-
tion, to extend the mail contract, No. 10773, with
the present contiactors, commonly known as the
Overland Mail Company, for the term of one
year fiom the 1st of July next, upon the same
terms and conditions ivith the present existing
contract.
The Committeeon Post Offices and Post Roads
reported the joint resolution with an amendment,
to add the following:
E^cppl as to K'tieiiul*1 tunc, which ?hai] not exceed six-
teen r - Tor eigln moiinib of tile year ami twenty days tor
tlie miiaimng loin months.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the con-
tract of the Pacific Mail Company expires on the
1st of July. By that contract that company re-
ceive $ 1,01)0,000 a-year; but $160,000 of that is
tiiken to pay for carrying the printed matter of
that mail by water to California, leaving to them
^840,000 for the overland letter mail for the Ter-
ritories and for California. The Postmaster
General, under authority given by law, adver-
tised for bids for this service at the expiration of
that contract. The bids were put in, but before
they were opened (I believe they were opened
the day before yesterday) and decided upon, the
inquiry arose whether the bids would not be very
extravagant and crcate the necessity for a very
great outlay of money, and the House of Rep-
resentatives passed this resolution which has been
read, authorizing the Postmaster General, in his
discretion, to extend the present contract for one
year. As 1 understand, those bids have been
opened, and the condition of the matter stands
thus: there were four bids put in for the letter
mail only, the Postmaster General being now
authorized to have the printed matter carried by
water at the expense of the Department, not ex-
ceeding the §160,000 a year. A Mr. John A.
Hiestand bid for this contract at $750,000 a year;
the next was Mr. floladay, at $820,000; the next
was Mr. Burbank, at $824,000, and then a Mr.
Dinsmore, at $880,000. The lowest bid was that
of Mr. Hiestand at $750,000, and as I understand
he was declared to be the lowest bidder, and by
law the Postmaster General is bound to give the
contract to the lowest bidder; but immediately
upon declaring that bid to be the lowest, the
Postmaster General opened a letter which was
at his office, and found that this man withdrew
his bid and declined to proceed with it1, and there-
upon Mr. Holaday claims that he is the lowest
bidder at $820,000, which would be about $20,000
less than the present company i-eceives for that
service. They receive $840,000. The rest of
their pay goes to the steamboat service. There
is a dispute and a question of law arising whether
in point of fact this lowest bidder at $750,000
withdrew his bid in any regular season, and
whether in that state of things he becomes a non-
performer; and whether the next lowest bidder
is therefore entitled to it remains a question.
The only amendment proposed to this resolu-
tion by the committee is one to limit the period
of service, that is, the schedule time, to the same
that is bid for in these contracts, that is atsixteen
and twenty days. At present the time of the com-
pany, I believe, is twenty and twenty-three days,
but it is proposed to require them to go in sixteen
and twenty days, putting them upon the same
footing as the present bids. In this condition of
things the effect of this resolution if passed would
be this: it would leave it optional with the Post-
master General to extend this contract for one year
or to accept one of these bids. In the present stifte
of the currency the query is whether it would be
advisable to make a contract to extend for four
years, or whether it might not be better, in his
discretion, to make it for one year. The effect
of passing this resolution will be to leave with
him and at his discretion either of those courses
that he thinks the public service may require.
Mr. President, I have explained the resolution
as well as I am able.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. NESM1TH. If it is in order, I move the
indefinite postponement of the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be done.
As has been stated by the chairman of the com-
mittee, this resolution has been fully considered
by the committee, and it merely proposes to give
the discretion to the Postmaster General to let the
contract for one year or for four years and to se-
cure the shortest schedule time. The instruction
to him is to extend the service to the men who
now perform it, and we do not care as to who
shall perform it, but that it shall be performed in
a certain way and at a given time. 1 cannot un-
derstand any proper motive for its indefinite post-
ponement, and am very much surprised at the mo-
tion.
Mr. NESMITH. lam perfectly indiflerentas
to who shall perform the service, but I am not per-
fectly indifferent as to the amount of pay which
shall be given for it. I have not been able to com-
prehend the reason for the passage of this reso-
lution in the House of Representatives. There was
perhaps at the time of its introduction some reason
for it. It was then supposed that the bids which
would be put in under the proposals that were in-
vited by the Postmaster General, might be so ex-
orbitant that they could not be accepted. The Gov-
ernment was paying that company §1,000,000 for
the performance of this service under a schedule of
twenty and twenty-three days. The Postmaster
General advertised forproposals to carry the mails
upon a reduced schedule of sixteen and twenty
days. The House ofRepreseflta'tives then passed
this resolution, providing that the Postmaster
General may extend the contract Under the old
schedule, and pay $20,000 ttioie, for the service
?P,1S j?r°vided fqr under the new schedule at
which the contract Was let. As I understand,'^
bid of$820,000'has bee ri received. The chfiir-
man of the Committee on Post Officeaaotl Post
Jtein nnota'es t'lat '',at comP«ny is now receiving
$840,000 'on a twenty and iwcnty-ihreo days'
schedule. A bid is in, and I apprehend it is-
within the power of thfe Postmaster General to'ac-
cept it, reducing that time four days, making it
sixteen and twenty days for the sum of $820,000,
$20,000 less than is now paid. _ Sir, I cannot con-
ceive of any object for continuing the old contract
at $20,000 per annum more than parties stand
willing to accept it for under the new contract.
There seems to be no plausible reason presented
why it should be done. It may be left with per-
fect safety, perhaps, to the discretion of the Post-
master General; but I see no necessity for any-
such discretion in this case, where the exercise
ofitistocostthe Government$20,000 per annum.
There is another fact that should be taken into
consideration. If this' contract is continued at
$1,000,000 a year under the old contract the ques-
tion will be in a year from now whether we shall
be any better prepared to get the service at a
lower price. Generally theenhanced price of mail
contracts results from the depreciation of the cur-
rency. I can see no evidence going'to show that
gold will be any lower in a yiar from now than
it is at present, and I do not apprehend that tlia
Postmaster General will be able to procure the
service at any reduced price. I think it better,
therefore, that this resolution be not passed, and
that the Postmaster General avail himself of the
bid that he now has the power to accept to carry
the mail for four years at $820,000 with a reduced
schedule of four days; The passage of this res-
olution will in nowise affect the reduced time. It
merely increases the expense, and does nolreduce
the time below what other parlies have already
put in their bids for.
Mr. CONNESS. A very important consider-
ation in this case has been presented briefly by
the honorable chairman of the committee, namely,
that at this time we cannot tell what the condition
of our finances will bein a year from now. Sup-
pose gold should go up to 300, three for one or
four for one, would any mail contractors be able
to continue their contracts? Would not Con-
gress be called upon for an additional compensa-
tion to the contractors in thiscase? Is it wise not
to place a discretion of this kind'in the hands of
the Postmaster General ? Will'he abuse it? Is
$20,000 a sufficient sum to avail against placing
that discretion in his hands? But sir, I do not
wish to continue the debate.
Mr.POMEROY. I agree with-what the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads has said about this resolution. I believe
that when it was introduced into the House of
Representatives and passed by them it was emi-
nently proper, because at that time there was great
danger that the Government would have to pay
an exorbitant price for this service. No one
knew what the bids were going to be, and this
resolution, therefore, was eminently proper. Iilo
not think now there is much importance to be
attached tb it, because Benjamin Holaday, who
is perfectly able and responsible, is entitled, as I
think, and as the law officers of the Government
have given their opinion, to this contract at
$820,000. I do notkriowofany reason why there
should be any effort to put it into the hands of
the old contractors at §840,000. However, as a
matter of fact, the contractors either way will be
about the same. Benjamin Holaday is a sub-
contractor under the old parties, and if he gets
the contract they will be sub-contractors under
him and run their end of the route. That is all
there is to it. He will be the principal where
now heis only the deputy. Ifthe resolution does
not pass Holaday will get the contract and the
Government will save $20,000 a year, I think it
is very important that Holaday should have the
contract on one account: if he should come here,
as the Senator from California suggests, after ad-
ditional pay, he will not have the sympathy of
Congress as a poor man would, or a man who
had not the means to carry it on. Holaday ha*
abundant means, and if the Government cur rene
