1864, >
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2067
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (.Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. CARLILE and Mr. DAVIS called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr.-SHERMAN". At the suggestion of some
Senators I will modifymy resolution by striking
out the words 11 or qualifiedso that it will read:
Resolved, That a quorum of {he Senate consists of a
majority of the Senators duly chosen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tffat modifi-
cation can only be made by unanimous consent,
the yeas and nays having been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection; and the question now is on
the adoption of the resolution as modified.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Cowan,
Dixon, Fessenden, Hale, Harding, Harlan, Howe, John-
son, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, MorriM,
Nesmith, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Surnner,
TiurnbuH, Van Winkle, Wade, WiJley, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cariile, Davis,
Poolittle, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Henderson, Powell, and
Riddle—11.
So the resolution was adopted.
BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideration of tKe special order
of the day, which is the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 308) to establish
a Bureau of Military Justice. The question is on
concurring in the report of the committee, and
upon that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Collamer, Conness,
Cowan, Dixon, Foot, Foster, II owe, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Morgan, Powell, llamsey, Sumner, Trumbull,
and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cariile, Clark, Davis, Fes-
senden, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Harlan, Henderson, John-
son, MoriUl,Ncsmith,Pomerov, Riddle, Sherman, Sprague,
Van Winkle, Wade, and WMey—30.
So the report was non-concurred in.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the whole
subject lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; moveanothercon-
ference.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be laid upon
the table, and I ask for the yeas and nays upon
that motion. I hope that we shall lay it on the
table, and then we can get up a new bill on some
sound principle.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senate has no right
to get up a bill.
Mr, WILSON. I think it is in the power of
the Senate to getupabillin regard to thatbureau.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator tharthe motion is not
debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better have
another conference. _
Mr. CONNESS, (to Mr .Wilson.) Withdraw
your motion.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot do it.
Mr. HALE. Order! I object to debate.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to violate the
rule of the Senate, and I am much obliged to the
Senator from New Hampshire for calling me to
order.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator desires to debate
it, let him withdraw his motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator from Massachusetts
whether he desires the yeas and nays upon his
motion ?
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN". What is the question now?
Mr. WILSON. Now, I believe, the subject
is open for debate.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no question before
the Senate.
Mr. FOOT I move that the Senate insist on
its amendments to the bill of the House, and ask
for another committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON. It is now debatable, and I
desire to present this question precisely and ex-
actly as it is.
The House of Representatives passed this bill
on the recommendation of the Secretary of War.
It made Colonel Holt a brigadier general and gave
him two assistants with the rank of colonel. It
passed the House of Representatives with that
recommendation without opposition. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs of the
Senate. The committee,on investigation, desir-
ing to save every dollar we could to the country,
were led to believe that the assistants should be
reduced to the rank of majors instead of colonels.
When the bill came up for consideration a new
theory must be sprung upon it. We could not
give the general and the majors we proposed, or
the colonels as the House bill had it, the pay and
emoluments as we did everybody else; but we
must single out Colonel Holt for degradation. We
must fix a sum of money against these officers,
though wc never did anything ofthe kind before.
We could not accept the committee's amendment.
We must give these officers the rank of colonels.
But rank was notthe question at issue between
the two Houses. The simple question then was
whether the general should have the pay and
emoluments of a general, and whether the col-
onels we had made in preference to making them
majors should have the pay of colonels or whether
they should have a fixed sum. The Senate in-
serted a fixed sum for these officers. The House
disagreed to our amendments, and committees of
conference were appointed. You, sir, appointed
the committee on the part of the Senate. I sup-
pose it was appointed without any reference to
or any thought of the opinions of the members
of the Senate. I have no idea that the President
of the Senate intended to make a committee that
should do anything that was not just and fair.
The Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,]
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] and
myself were appointed on the committee. We
met the committee of the House of Representa-
tives in conference. Perhaps it is not for me to
say what took place in that conference. The mat-
ter was fully discussed. The question was whether
the committee would agree to those amendments or
recede from them, and the committee finally agreed
to recede from these two amendments of the Sen-
ate, whiph had never been placed before on any
military bill.
The Senate has just dccided by its vote that-
the policy of its amendments is to be adopted.
If these officers are to be generals and colonels—
and thaj we have settled; both Houses have
agreed to that—then 1 say they ought to ha\e the
pay and emoluments of generals and colonels. If
not, I think we had better drop the subject. If
it is believed that these officers ought not to be
military men—and how they can be anything else
I do not know—we might make them judges, or
give them some other title, and give them a fixed
sum; or we can adopt a rule that shall take from
all these other officers we have made the pay and
emoluments that belong to their rank. I think,
therefore, sir, we had better drop this bill and
bring in a new bill. I cannotvote at any time to
give officers the rank of generals and then vote
away from them the pay we give others of the
same rank.
Mr. HALE. I do not know and cannot con-
ceive how the Senator from Massachusetts con-
strues this matter into an attack upon Mr. Holt.
I protest against any such personal motive being
assigned to me, and I protest against the right of
any man to say that. How does the Senator
know who is to be appointed? The bill reads:
And the President shall appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate", as the head of said bureau a
Judj;e Advocatc General.
Has the President told the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that he is going to appoint a given
man, and have the Senate told the Senator that
they mean to confirm him? What right has he
to assume that Judge Holt is to be the man? He
may suppose so; but certainly, for legislative ac-
tion neither he nor anybody else has the right to
assume that it is to be Judge Holt.
Mr. WILSON. He is there now.
Mr. HALE. He cannot be there now, because*
there is no such office. The bill says he^hall be
appointed.
Mr. WILSON. He is there with the rank of
colonel.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, this bill is pros-
pective entirely. Let mc ask the Senator what
are the pay and emoluments of a brigadier gen-
eral? Where is the propriety of sulectingaman
for a civil office, a judicial office, the discharge of
the duties of which requires him to sit in'his of-
fice and do business,' and putting him on the same
footing as to pay and emoluments with a general
who has to go into the field? Why should we
allow him horses, and forage for horses and quar-
ters and servants, and all these innumerable al-
lowances which may or may not be proper* for a
general in the field? By whatanalogy^ l)y what
course of reasoning is it proper to make the same
allowances to a man who.performs judicial duties
sitting in his office devoting himself to those
duties?
Sir, as this matter has been put in this ungra*
cious way, 1 do not choose to submit to it. I yield
to no man in the high regard thatl have for Judge
Holt, for his spotless integrity, his untiring in-
dusfry, his faithfulness, his fidelity, and his un-
surpassed loyalty; but I do not choose to be led
into a vicious course of legislation by my regard
for any individual. I think that even for officers
in the Army this is a vicious mode of compensa-
ting them. It ought to be carried no further than
the absolute necessities of the service require it
to be carried. Certainly, when you undertake to
pay judicial officers who sit in their offices and
perform judicial duties by the same rule that you
pay officers in the field who are compelled to do
their duties there, it seems to me you undertake
to apply an analogy where there is no analogy
from the nature of the case.
Sir, the officer that you propose to create here
is a judicial officer entirely. He wants no arms,
he wantskno forage, he wants no horses, to enable
him to discharge the high functions with which
you charge him as a judicial officer.
The bill also provides that he shall appoint
" such clerical force as in his judgment the inter-
ests of the service shall require.0 The next thing
will be that those assistants must have the rank,
pay, and emolu ments of captains; the messengers
the rank, pay, and emoluments of sergeants; and
possibly those who sweep the office the rank, pay,
and emoluments of corporals. It is trying to as-
similate things where there is no similarity and no
analogy to justify it. If you are creating a judi-
cial officer, giving him judicial duties to perform,
pay him as you do other judicial officers.
It is said that this is to degrade Judge Hoft. If
I knew that it was Judge Holt who was to be ap-
pomtcd I should consider it a degradation to vote
that when he was to perform his judicial duties
he must put on a chapeau and wear epaulets,
and his compensation must be according to that
of a brigadier general. I think the system is wrong,
and here is a good place to commence to alter it.
The other officeis that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts 1ms named, the Quartermaster General,
the Adjutant General, and Provost Marshal Gen-
eral, are all military officers, and by the very cir-
cumstances of the case are connected with the
Army and have military duties to perform. I
would not say a word or give a vote that should
detract a feather's weight from the just reputation
that is due to Judge Holt or anyother man; but,
sir, I think here is a good place to begin to set a
precedent. When you make a judicial officer,
pay him a salary. Does any man here know what
the pay and emoluments of a brigadier general
are? Take your Army Register, and you will
find that they vary widely, sometimes more and
sometimes less. Where is the propriety in giv-
ing this uncertain, irregular compensation to a ju-
dicial officer?
It is for these reasons that I opposed the report
of the conference committee, i hope the motion
ofthe Senator from Vermont will prevail; but I
should not be very soiry if that should be voted
down, and the vote should be taken on the mo-
tion ofthe Senator from Massachusetts and that
should prevail. I am far from being certain that
it would not be better to create a judicial tribu-
nal and not undertake to make it ridiculous by
tricking it^out with the' gewgaws and the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a military officer.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire, like all the rest of us, is likely to be mis-
taken sometimes in his facts and in his law.
This bill says:
That the office of Judge Advocate General, created by
the fitch section of an act entitled {*An act to amend the
act calling forth the nniitia to execute the laws of the
United States, suppress ui-mneenon, and repel invasion,
appioved IVlnu.uy 28, 171)5, and the acts amendatoiy
thereof, and for otlur purposes," approvod„Jufy 17,
