3064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 18,
depreciates he will be able to carry it out of .his
own funds.
As we cannot get any shorter service, a& we
sannot get any reduced price, and as the con-
tractor runs as much risk as the Government about
the currency—f consider they both runabout the
same risk—I think the Postinaster General ought
"to let it to the lowest bidder, who is entitled toit
under the law. I do riot believe that Congress
ought to interfere by any legislation, when bids
are fairly made u'po.n an advertisement.
Mr. LANE,*of Kansas. X hope this resolu-
tion will Hot be postponed, 'Die object of the
resolution is this', to open up this route to compe-
tition by bid'ders. The time between the period
when these bids were made and the 1st of July
precluded competition, and the result has been
that the old contractor has the lowest bid. If you
pass this resolution and allow the Postmaster
tSeneral to let the.contract for a year, when that
year expires there will be competitors for the
route, and the Government will let it at a reason-
able sate. I think it would be suicidal to close
this contract for four years at the bid that has
been declared the lowest at the present opening.
I hope that the resolution will pass, and that we
shall open this route to competition to the people
of Kansas and to the people of other western
States, and thereby greatly economize the outlay
to the Government.
Mr. POMEROY. My colleaguo is mistaken
in one or two of his statements. This matter has
been open some three'momhs. The bids have
been in two months, if not three months; I think
three months. Mr. Dinsmore bid for the old
contractors.'
Mr. COLLAMER. The old contractors did
not bid at all.
Mr. POMEROY. Dinsmore bid for them.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know whether
he bid for them or not. I know they did not bid
in their own name.
Mr. POMEROY. He is one of them, and the
Department understand that it was for them,
Mr. COLLAMER. They withdrew their bid.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Dinsmore, who was
the highest bidder at $880,000, bid for the old
company. Now, the proposition is to let it to
the highest bidder for one year, that is the party
who represented the highest bidder, in preference
to the man who put in a bid at $820,000, who is
now a sub-contractor, and runs two thirds of the
road to-day. My colleague is mistaken in say-
ing there has not been competition. This thing
has been advertised for three months, and the bids
have all been in in the regular way, and been
regularly opened and published, anu a report of
them made to the House of Representatives yes-
terday. There was nothing secret about it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am not mistaken
about the statement that I made. The constitu-
ents that I represent arc not prepared now to bid
upon this contract. Tile temporary rise in the
price of stock and labor has prevented that com-
petition which, in my opinion, we shall have at
the etui ot a year. The question presented to
the Senate h this; shall we continue this old con-
tractor at §820,000 for four years, or shall we
give the Postmaster General the privilege of con-
tinuing him for one year at $840,000?
Mr. CON NESS. That is the question exactly.
Mr. JjANEjof Kansas. That is the question.
As far as my constituents me concerned, we want
this limitation so that nt (he end of the year the
contract can be let, and they may become com-
petitors and save to the Government, in my opin-
ion, hundreds of thousands of dollars. Should
this rebellion be crushed, as ( hopt-and believe it
will within that year, two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars will pay for this same set vice. The
idea of agreeing to pay $820,000 fot four years
witii tins prospectbefore us is in my opinion most
suicidal, and 1 hope the opinions and desires ex-
pressed by the chairman of our committee may be
sanctioned by the Senate and this motion defeated.
Mr. N"ESM1TH. It seems to me theconstitu-
ents ol the Senator from Kansas have had fair
notice tais matter. This route has been adver-
tised for some time, and I am at a loss to know
how hundreds of thousands of dollars are goin°"
to be saved to the Government by delay. Before
there was any rebellion, and when gold was paid
for the transmission uf the overland mail, a mil-
dollars in coin wm paid for that seince. I i
do not apprehend that the close of the rebellion
within one year is going to raise our paper to such
a standard as will enable the contract to be let so
much more cheaply as to save to the Government
any hundreds of thousands of dollar&atall. The
probabilities seem to me to be that the currency of
the country is liable to become more depreciated.
On that, however, I do not pretend to give an
opinion. We know that as the war has pro-
gressed- the currency of the country has become
depreciated; and I suppose it will be a fair infer-
ence to reason of what may occur in the future
from the past. I do not believe there is going to
be any such appreciation of the currency as will
enable the Government to save a single dollar.
The question is now presented to the Senate
whether this contract shall be let to the lowest
bidder or whether the-Postmaster General shall'
be authorized to let it to the highest bidder. The
present proposition, which comes from the old
contractors, is that the Postmaster General be au-
thorized to let the contract, under this resolution,
to the very highest bidders. It proposes to give
the Postmaster General the discretionary power
to give the contract for one year to the highest
bidder to the exclusion of the lowest bidder for
four years. That seems to me to be a very anom-
alous condition of affairs, and a reversal of the
ordinary mode of proceedings in such circum-
stances. 1 do not belie.ve the Government will
save a cent by it. I believe that in a year from
now you will not be able to get a bid to carry that
mail for less than $1,000,000. I am anxious, there-
fore, that it should be closed at the present pend-
ing proposition.
Mr. HALE. I happened to be a member of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
when this contract was made, and know some-
thing about it. 1 desire to make a short state-
ment in regard to it, and then 1 will leave it to
the Senate.
When this contract was originally made, I
think Mr. A. V. Brown was Postmaster General,
and the route was run down through Arkansas,
instead of going, as the manifest intention of the
law was, atiaight across the country. It was
supposed at thut time to have been improperly if
not corruptly done. At any rate, the contract
was made, and the contractors ran it until the
symptoms of rebellion began to manifest them-
selves, and the teams of the parties were seized
and it was found impracticable to run it upon the
route which was then contracted for. The con-
tractors then came forward and asked to have that
contract moved up from the extieme southern
ioute to the route that is now run by this com-
pany. A bill was introduced, I think by my
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] giv-
ing these contractors $1,150,000, and the report
that was made was that they could not possibly
run it short of that sum. I happened at that time,
being; on the Committee on Post Oflices and Post
Roads, to know that there were responsible par-
ties in this city who were ready to take it for a
very much less sum; and finally, I think it was
upon my motion in the Senate, the sum was re-
duced from $1,150,000 to $1,GOO,000, and they took
it. It was represented that it could not possibly
be done for thatsum; but there weregentlemen in
this city at that moment ready to contract for it
for a sum much less than $1,000,000. However,
such were the representations made to Congress
that it was let to them for $1,000,000. They have
had it, and carried it, and I suppose received for
their pay $1,000,000 per annum.
The fact that I am going to speak of now I do
not know of myself; what I have said I know;
but I have had u stated to me that in the regular
opeiation of the Post Otfi.ce laws they have adver-
tised for the letting of this route, and responsible
bidders have offered to carry it for $>S20,000, and
they ought to have the contract. These parties
have received $200,000 a year for four years more
than the Government could have contracted for it
at the time they took it, for it could have been let
at $800,000 at that time. In the due course of
law and the administration of this Department,
this contract can be let to responsible parties for
$820,000 a year at a less time than the old con-
tractors have it; and instead-of closing with that
proposition here is an extraordinary proposition
made Lo give these parties this cormact for an-
other }eot at $150,000 more  han responsible
parlies stand ready to Jake it for,
Mr. COLLAMER. You mean $20,000 more.
What they receive is $840,000.
Mr. HALE. They did have $1,000,000.
Mr. COLLAMER. But $160,000 was taken
off to pay for carrying the printed matter by
water.
Mr. HALE. That I was not aware of. Bu t,
sir, why not give it to these parties who have bid
for it? Where is the necessity of-renewing the
present contract?
Mr.CONNESS. My friend from New Hamp-
shire is always very ingenious as well as always
able. He says why give §20,000 more for carry-
ing it for a year than you can get it for four years?
Mr. COLLAMER. Carrying it by the year.
Mr. CONNESS. Carrying it by the year for
four years at $820,000. 1 will tell the Senator,
and I will speak it to the Senator from Oregon,
who ought to be well aware of it and doubtless
is. The price at which this contract was originally
let, it should be remembered by the Senate, was
a price based upon its being carried through an
unpopulated country, through a country without
roads, without population, without incidental
business. To-day the overland route to Cali-
fornia is the most profitable and the greatest stage
route in the world. The whole route teems with
population. New Territories and new States
are springing up in everydirection. Millions of
dollars of treasure are offering to be carried at
the highest rates by the parties who are to be paid
for carrying the mail, and as it is to-day it offers
the best opportunity fora colossal fortune to the
parties engaged in it of any other operation un-
der this Government or in this country.
Now, sir, why not give the Government the
opportunity a year after this time of availing it-
self of the advantages that these great incidents
place in its way? Admitting that currency shall
be worth a year from this time just what it is now,
does any Senator mean to say or suppose that
the service over that great route cannot be let at
a less rate than when it was originally let, under
the circumstances so graphically and exactly de-
scribed by the honorable Senator from Now
Hampshire? Why, sir, it must not be forgotten
that it is entirely a different kind of proposition.
As 1 desire in part to hold the Postmaster Gen-
eral responsible as the head of the Post Office
Department for this service and for its fan- and
exact management, I am willing to place in his
hand the power to close the contract with these
parties for one year longer for $840,000, or, if he
shall elect it, with these other parties for four years
at $820,000. What the honorable Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Lane] has said is sUicily tiue.
These advertisements, I think, have been butfor
the short period of two months. Theie has bc'n
no fair opportunity for competition, and it i« ex-
ceedingly doubtful to my mind whether thete has
been but one real bid made.
Another fact in this connection that has not
been stated is that the present contractors have
already agreed with the Department to continue
the service until October next upon the present
terms. Why then desire to indefinitely postpone
and dispose of this matter, and prevent the Gov-
ernment from availing itself of whatever advant-
age shall present itself heieafter?
Mr. JOHNSON. I have as much confidence
in the discretion of the Postmaster General as the
honorable member from California can have; but
the reason that operates upon me, as at present
advised, in voting against the resolution upon Urn
table, or for its indefinite postponement, I lisn
simply to state. 1 do not understand it to bu de-
nied that the notice which the law requires for
these Settings was in fact given. If that notice
is not such as enables all parties concerned to
have an oppoitunity of bidding, the fault is in
the law, ami should not be visited upon those
who do bid.
As I recollect the facts from the debate (and I
know nothing of then in any other way) this
route was, in the ordinary way and in strict com-
pliance with the law, advertised. There were
four bids. Some of those bidders are entitled,
to the contract. That is very clear. The Post-
master General under certain circumstances has
a right to reject a bid; but where the hid is the
lowest, and the party is in a condition to satisfy
the Postmaster General that he is able to emu ply
witii the oontiact, the Postmastei Gesieial ih
bound by law to give it to him. No\v.«n,ni
