66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2\
Now, 1 say that if the people are once informed
of this bill, and especially of the other bill which
the honorable chairman has reported in relation
to the draft law, which tells those who have been
out for nine months and less than two years that"
they too are to be enrolled, and that they now,
being veterans, can come in and take the §400
bounty, and that unless they do it they may be
subject hereafter to draft without any bounty, it
v^ill make a very great difference, and this call of
the President may be filled up.
Then gentlemen say to me, " what if you put
in these words and the authorities do not make
any draft?" When will the Government cease
to make a draft? Only when their calls upon the
people fill up the Army, so that they do not need
recruits. I am perfectly willing that they should
fill up the Army under the system of bounties,
notwithstanding what some gentlemen in other
quarters may say.
Mr. President, it is not to be disguised that the
burdens m this war upon the people of this coun-
try consist in two things: one is in rendenngper-
sonal service, and the other is in paying money.
Now it is attempted to separate these things alto-
gether. The men who are of that age and ability
to be subject to the performance of military duty
and capable of it, owe their services to the.Gov-
ernment, and as many of them as the Government
needs should be called out, and they should ren-
der the service. All that is very well; I find no
fault with it; but lot us see how it works.
Here you repeal all essential bounties; you say
to the men between twenty and forty-five years
of ajre, " you owe duties to this Government by
the way of service, and you shall render them;
and another thing you see, too; you shall render
themwithoutthe restofuswhoshould paymoney
paying much of anything to you," it will not
do, say gentlemen, to go on giving bounties; it
will be so expensive that we ennnotdo it. What
is it, then ? Essentially that we will put the whole
duties upon the men between twenty and forty-
five—the duties of rendering service without ony
compensation, without our contributing anything,
f do not like that. I prefer to bear my part of
what shall be an honorable and fair bounty to
these men. Almost any of them can earn infi-
nitely moie athome than we pay them. Can you
expect that people are so* patriotic that they me
moie willing to be shot at for twenty dolUus a
month than to stay at home and receive fifty dol-
lars for common labor? Is it a reasonable re-
quest? Not at all. Now, I say that in the form
of bounties, or in the form of pay, (and it is not
very material to mo which, though 1 believe boun-
ties will quickest fill the Army,) we should take
measures to fill up the ranks. I am willing that
the Government should fill the Army by offering
these bounties. I do not like the idea of saying,
in this bill, "you may continue the bounties to
enable you to fill up yourquota, butyou shall not
do it after the 5th of January." What if the
Executive finds that the Army is being filled up
rapidly, and will, under these laws, fill up rapidly,
and lie chooses to extend the time for the draft?
Should he not have that privilege? Should not
the influence of such a law be upon the people to
enable them to fill up their quota? I think so.
Mr. President, I am unable, in the condition of
my voice, as well as in other respects'generally,
to add anything to the advantage of what I have
already said, but I still persist in having my
amendment tried,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the Con-
gress, on full deliberation, fixed the bounty that
they would give, in addition to the ordinary pay,
&c., at $100. That is the way the law stood, and
the way the law stands at this day. The Execu-
tive Government chose to offer of its own accord
$400 to veterans, and §300 to other volunteers.
Under that offer of the Government (made with-
out law so far as it goes beyond the amount they
received as commutation money) many men have
enlisted. The object of the bill now before the
Senate, as I understand it, is simply to declare
that, as to all those who have enlisted under that
offer of the Government, thus made without law,
and as to all who may enlist under it previous to
a given time, we will pay the bounties thus of-
fered by the Government; we will make good their
offer; but that after that time expires we will then
revert to what Congress fixed upon as a proper
b'ounty to be paid, to wit, $100. That is the
amount of it. In that view of the law, the Sena-
tor from Vermont proposes to change the day
fixed, and to say that these bounties may be paid
until the beginning of the next draft. The effect
is, substantially, to say to the Executive Govern-
ment, " you may vary from what wo have fixed
upon at §100, and as long as you please, without
our interference, go on and pay the $300 and the
$400 which you fixed, and not we." That is the
amount of it. It is not striking out any bounties
which the Government has ever authorized—that
is to say, the proper authority, Congress, has ever
authorized—but it is simply making good what
has been done. The honorable Senator from Ver-
mont proposes to change entirely the system which
Congress has adopted, and to put into the hands
of the Executive the power to judge how long they
shall continue to pay the bounties. They have
already offered to men to enlist three or four times
as much as Congress thought sufficient; and in
addition the bill contains a clause for raising the
pay of the soldiers to which I will not now advert.
Then it becomes a question of money. As I
said before, it is very easy indeed for us to de-
clare that we will pay this, or pay that, or pay
the other. The sum may be limited, or may be
almost unlimited. It is very easy to Say that they
ought to have it, or ought not to have it. But the
question which I put before comes, how long can
we continue to put into the hands of the Execu-
tive Government the power to offer just as much
as they please in the shape of bounties, and have
us indorse it, and lot them have an unlimited time
in which to act upon it? because it amounts to
that. It is simply taking it out of our hands and
saying that as to the law which we have passed
pioviding for a draft, they may enforce it or not
at their pleasuie; if they choose to do it, do it; if
they do not like it, they may offer just such sums
as they please, within a certain limit, and keep it
going. That is a state of the law ! do not like. I
want to have a day fixed one way or the other.
If Congress is ready to offer a bounty of §400 to
veterans and $300 to raw recruits,say so and dis-
pense with your draft; but do not say to the War
Department," manage this thing to suit yourself,
put off the draft or not, just as you think right,
and pay bounties of three or four times the amount
originally fixed by luw; give as much as you
please."
I think that is not a safe mode in which 'to leave
it. I agree with the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, that under such circumstances the result
would be precisely what he says: they could raise
more men undoubtedly by these very large boun-
ties than in any other way. Very likely they can
for the present, and therefore if recruiting goes on
at that lar<re late, they will defer the draft, and
they will defer it indefinitely, so that the result of
his motion is simply to change the law from what
it now stands,$100 bounty, to $400 and §300,and
the question is whether we are prepared to offer
that as the law of the land, and offer it indefi-
nitely, just as long as the Executive Government
choose to authorize it.
I am opposed to that. Let us settle it one way
or the other. I do not think it is just to the sol-
diers now in the field, the men wlio have not re-
ceived these bounties or anything like them, but
have gone there to fight. 1 do not think the sys-
tem operates equally; to go on Aom day to day
and month to month, increasing, as the war draws
near its close, as I think it does, the bounties to
be paid for services which at the most cannot
begin to equal the services rendered for small
bounties or for no bounties at all by the soldiers
in the field. Besides, it has the other effect of
which I spoke, to make men stop and consider
and wait to see how much money they can get,
instead of coming forward in defense of their
country.
But it is stated here that the men can make more
at home. That is truu in some cases, but true in
very tew cases, so far as my observation goes.
Throughout New England the counties and the
towns pay very large bounties, and the States pay
a bounty in addition; and I undertake to say, so
far as my observation goes, that the great major-
ity of men who go into the field, if they live and
piescrve their health, come out of it, if they are
prudent, temperate, and caieful, very much better
oil than they would be as ageneral rule if they had
staid at home. There are exceptions, of couise;
but unless wages are very much higher and every-
thing else much higher, as I dare say is the case,
in Vermont than in Maine, the effect of which the
Senator speaks in reference to that matter can
hardly be considered as a just result, in my judg-
ment.
Now, sir, I hope the bill will pass substantially
as it is. I am not particular about the time; it
may be enlarged if Senators think better; but a
definite time should be fixed, and Congress should
say when the payments of these large sums shall
cease, and not the Executive Government.
Mr. WILSON. Suppose you put it the 1st day
of February.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In order to make it just,
it has been suggested to me that the draft must
commence at the same time in all the States, or
it would operate differently. 1 do not know—I
am not familiar enough with military affairs; I
defer to the judgmentof my honorable friend who
stands at the head of that committee—what time
is the best, but I hold that this matter should
be kept within the contiol of Congress. They
should settle these questions, how much they are
to pay and how long they are to pay it, and not
be legislated out of their own legislation by the
War Department. I will agree, as 1 stated before,
to make good all the pledges they have given to
men, or else I would have those men discharged
and not deceived; but, for the future, let us pro-
ceed upon a system. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Vermont to the amendmerft-ceported by the Com-
mittee on M ilitary Affairs.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will modify my amend-
ment to suit the views of other gentlemen rather
than my own by saying " the commencement of
the next draft, not later than the Istof February,
1864." I believe othergcntlemenure well enough
satisfied with that, and therefore I put it in that
shape. Now I wish merely to say a single word
in reply to the honorable Senator from Maine. I
am free to acknowledge that I would rather con-
tribute my portion to pay the bounties which are
now given, If they will fill the Aimy and produce
the number of men wanted,than to resort toa draft
My judgment is that it would be best. It is said
that it is unjust to those now in the service. They
nevermakeany complaint aboutit. All they ask
is, "do send us help." But it is further to be re-
marked that according to this very bill we have
before us, all the men m the Army now will soon
have an opportunity to avail themselves of these
bounties. Most of them have the opportunity
to-day. Their three years are nearly out, and
when the time is about out they will have an op-
portunity to reenlist and receive these bounties.
I do not know, however, but that this limitation
to the 1st of February will cut some of them off.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
Vermont that the idea of the committee was that
the soldiers in the field would be reenlisted as sub-
stitutes by bounties offered by persons who were
drafted. If theSenator fixes it the 1st day of'Feb-
ruary, it will give us an opportunity, after the
holidays, to make a few corrections in the enroll-
ment law that we want to provide for, and make
the draft commence on the 1st day of February.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am willing to let.itstand
in that way with that qualification for the present,
though I must say again that I think a resort to
a draft is not advisable if those who contribute
to the taxes will pay their portion of the expenses
of the war'by paying the pioper bounties.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Oil the latter clause of
the amendment I have a word to say; that is that
I object to that, being opposed to drafting, in fact
being no particular friend to war anyhow; yet I
wish as far as my State is concerned that the long-
est time possible shall be given to her, and that
the cittzehs in my State shall not be forced to en-
ter into this war on any particular day. i am
perfectly willing to vote for any amount of bounty
to volunteers, and I am not only willing to vote
for any amount of money to volunteers, hut t am
willing, as far as I am individually concerned,to
contribute outof myown puvate purse to recruit
the armies of the United States. I am opposed
to making it obligatory upon any citizen m my
State, by force ofu draftor otherwise, to enter into
the armies of the United States; I wish to leave
it to his own voluntary action. I therefore move,
if it is in order, to amend the amendment of the
