1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089
Mr. FESSENDEN. But there has never been
any provision made for carrying out that clause.
Mr. HALE. I know there has never been any
law about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
Vill.cause the rule on that subject to be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"8 No member shall absent himself from the service
of the Senate, without leave of the Senate first obtained.
And hi o.a^e a leps number tlmn a quorum of the Senate
shall convono, they are hereby authorized to ««?nd the Ser-
geanf-ai-Anns or any otherperson or persons by them au-
thorized, lbr«any or ail absent members, as the majority of
such members- present 'shall agree, at the expense of such
absent members respectively, unless such excuse for non-
attendance t-haff be made as the Senate when a quorum is
convened shall judge s-uflicumt, and in that case the ex-
pense shall be paid out of the contingent fund. And this
iulc shall apply as well to the first convention of the Sen-
ate, at the legal time of meeting, as to each day of the ses-
sion, after'the liuui has ariived to winch the Senate stood
adjourned."
Mr. HALE. I was about to say that I re-
member once hearing this rule discussod in the
Senate. Possibly the Senator from Vermont
may remember it. I remember that there was
some very curious special pleading- upon it. i
(to not remember what it was now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will al-
low me, while Mr. Breckinridge was Vice Pres-
ident we had a contest here one night, which went
far into the nightand even into the morning, upon
some question on which parties weie divided and
we found ourselves without a quorum. The ma-
jority made a motion that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed to bring in absent members. The
then Vice President examined the subject very
carefully and I examined it with him. I con-
tended that there was no power to compel the at-
tendance of members except at the fiist meeting
of the Senate.- He examined the question very
carefully and so ruled, that there was no such
power; that all the power there was was to send
the Sergcant-at-Aims and a&k them to come in;
and whether they came or not was a matter to be
decided by them in thcir-own pleasure. He de-
cided that there was no power in the Senate to
bring thorn in after.the opening of the session;
that then if there was not a quorum they could
be sent for a tier brought in; but after that there
was no power to do it; and that decision was ac-
quiesced in by the Senate.
Mr. HALE. There was an earlier discussion
than that upon tins rule, if my un-moiy does not
fail me, in which the late Judge Berrien, of Geoi -
gia, and some otheis took part, and 1 icmember
that there was something—i do not recollect dis-
tinctly what—suggested of this clause: "That
this rule shall apply as well to the first convention
of the Senate at the legal time of meeting as to each
day of the session after the hour has arrived to
which the Senate stand adjourned." I do not ic-
member what it was; but there was some special
consideration suggested growing out of that clause.
My own opinion is, with great defcroice to the
gentlemen who surround me, that the better way
would be to frame a iulc somewhat analogous to
that of the House of Representatives by winch,
if the Senate choose, they may compel the attend-
ance of absent members. It is clearly given un-
der the Constitution. I think it is time that the
Senate should have the means to enforce the
power which is clearly conferred upon them. I
think it would tend to keep a quorum here, and
possibly we should never have occasion to ex-
ecute it.
Mr. CONNESS. With the Senator's permis-
sion, I should like to know where we could find
the Senator from New Hampshire on such occa-
sions. He is absent very much.
Mr. IIALE. As I did not get up to discuss
any personalities, I will not answer, i think the
better way would be to have this matter arrange d
so that, whenever the necessity occurs, we might
exercise the power; and, as J was saying when
i was interrupted, I tlnnk it would be more likely
to prevent the e\il than anything else, even the
lesolution suggested by the Senator fiom Maine,
though 1 have no objection to that; but I think
it is a little too inefficacious for the remedy that
should be sought.
Mr. CONNESS. I thii\k all these rules will
pro\ e ineffective unless the minds of Senators and
the feeling of duty that they owe to the country
keep them in their seats. Some Senators sit here
fiom day to day, sometimes when they would I
like to be absent either on pleasure or other busi-
ness, but they are nearly afways in their seats,
and cast their votes on every question. It appears
to me that it should only be necessary on this sub-
ject to direct tiie attention of Senators to the de-
gree to which the public business is retarded by
their absence in order to have their presence in
the Senate hereafter.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
regarded the question that I asked him as per-
sonal. I do not know how the Senator could so
regard it. It may have been felt by the Senator
to apply to him somewhat. I have often had*the
pleasure of listening to the Senator's speeches,
always eloquently given, yet 1 have not heard
his votes succeeding them when the question was
taken. I did not intend, however, to present his
case specially, but to intimate by that question
that the way to have service in the Senate was
to be always present. 1 do^iot think that the
enfoicement yf any lule of this kind or any mode
which you can devise will serve the purpose. It
is the duty of every Senator to be in his place.
He is elected to be here, and he is paid to be here.
If the sense of duty which a Senator should feel
will not compel his attendance, I think all other
efforts will prove abortive and futile.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no sort of objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire if he will frame a rule, but I submit
to him and to the Senate that it will be ineffica-
cious, especially at this period of the session. We
should spend half our time, if things go on as they
have heretofore, in sending for men, bringing
them in here, and hearing excuses if they can be
found. Although it brings the names of absentees
in the Globe, it is found to be a farce in the House,
and amounts to nothing. To be sure they go on
until they getenough to make aquorum,and then
they stop. The few thatare brought in in the first
placc'help to constitute a quorum; they are there,
and the rest entirely escape.
My belief is that this rule can do no harm and
may do some good. I think Senators will hardly
be willing on trifling grounds, business at the
Departments or something of that sort, during
the session of the Senate, to have their names
published in the list of absentees when import-
ant votes are taken. And if gentlemen are nc-
cessauly absent on account of sickness in their
families or their own sickness or for such other
reason as they must be absent for, it willbeveiy
easy for a colleague or s>ome one else to state the
fact, and the excuse is sufficient in such a case.
1 feel that the lesolution I have offered may be
productive of good, and I think it will come in
aid of the resolution we passed this morning.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Fostlr] thinks we shall be certain now not to
have a quorum; and lest he should be a true
prophet in that paiticular, I wish to have this
provision made m addition,and 1 think it will
produce a good effect.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to this
lesolution, but I cannot see the practical way in
which it is to accomplish the object desired. This
list will be published in the Globe, and nowhere
else, 1 suppose. The Globe is always at this
period of the session three or four days behind,
and does not reach the people m any distant part
of the country until a week after the votes have
been taken. If th's list is to be published at all,
to attract any attention it should be published the
day after the votes aie given, and to do that it
should be transmitted by telegraph, §nd that is
entirely unnecessary, because when the news-
papers publish the yeas and nays, they can make
out the absentees without the expense of sending
such a list over the wires. 1 tlnnk the papers do
it now very frequency. The New York Tribune,
I think, generally publishes the yeas, the nays,
and the absentees.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I can state to the Sen-
ator what effect I think this measure will have.
The fact of the ficquent wantofa quorum in this
body has become notorious, and I may be per-
mitted to say, as { really think so, that it is shame-
ful and discreditable to the body. Whatevermay
be the excuse given, the fact that it occurssofre-
quently  day after day, especially at this period
of the session when we have so much important
woik to do, is discreditable. This list may not
appear the next day, but when it does appear in
tiie Ulobe the fact of the absence appeals. The
Globe goes to all the important newspapers of the
country, and when the newspapers, instead of
having the trouble to pick out the absentees and
make a list for themselves, see them printed' tftere^
they will take notice of them, and I think gentle-
men will feelaresponsibiiity to their constituents*
who now know nothing aboutit, that they .do
seem to feel at present.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 will add to what the Sen-
ator from Maine has sajid that the effect of the
other rule compelling attendence will be about
this always, that the absent members will come
in /md immediately aid in adjourning the body.
That is generally the result of compellingattend-
ance. I am decidedly in favor of the mode pro-
posed by the resolution of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot say that I have
any special objection to the adoption of this res-
olution, but it really looks to me very much like
child's play. It is very much like the calling of
the yeas and nays sometimes when itis supposed
•that persons will vote differently when the yeas
and nays are called from whatthey would if they
were not called. I do not suppose that any mem-
ber of the Senate ever changed his vote under
such a consideration, and I should be sorry to
think that any member of the Senate woulu be
controlled in the least in his vote by the fact that
it was or was not to go upon the record. I should
think more meanly than I am willing to think of
any member of this body if I supposed that be-
cause the yeas and nays were called on a ques-
tion he would vote differently from what he would
if they were not called, or that his presence or
absence here would be affected by the fact that a
list was to be published of those absent on a call
of the yeas and nays. The fact appears suffi-
ciently when a record is made of tnose voting.
As has been remarked by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, if a sense of public duty will not impel
men to be present to discharge their duties in a
time like this, 1 am quite sure that the publication
of their names in a list by themselves will not
have that effect, for when the yeas and nays are
called now it is always apparent who is absent.
I look upon the adoptioaof such a rule as trivia!,
if I can say so without being at all disrespectful
to my friend from Maine. 1 think nothing will
be accomplished by it, and its adoption is lather
a reflection upon ourselves.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me that the remedy
suggested by the Senator from New Hampshire
is decidedly the better one forusto adopt for the
correction of this evil The remedy suggested
by the resolution before the Senate, it seems to
me, will as often do injustice to individual Sena-
tors as it will do justice to the public service.
The fact is that Senators occasionally are obliged
to absent themselves from the sittings of the Sen-
ate on business. 1 myself occasionally happen
to be sent to the other end of the avenue with en-
rolled bills; other Senators feel compelled to ab-
sent themselves from the sittings of the Senate,
and their reasons for doing so cannot be put upon
the Journal at the time their names are put upon
it. The fact that they were absent would go out
to the country without any explanation of the
reason which compelled their absence. In those
cases injustice would be done to individuals, and
no justice would be done to the public service,as
I conceive, in any case.
^ Itis, I believe,the practice in some 'very well reg-
pulated schools, when boys do not come in exactly
on time, to put down a blackmail: against them,
and J believe that discipline is now enforced in
the government of boys, but I do not believe it will
have very much effect in regulating the conduct
of Senators. What we want is Senators here to
act, Senators here to vote, so thattho public busi-
ness can go on. TheSenator from New Hampshire
has pointed you to an authority, apow er vested in
you by which, if you please to exert it, you may
compel their attendance. Do that, and then the
public business will go on, and you will notcon-
tcnt youisclf by merely putting down a black
maik against the name of a Senator who is not
here. It seems to me that inasmuch as we are
clothed with that power, we had better exert it.
Then we secure these advantages to the public
service, and we do not do injustice to anybody.
Several Senators. Question! Question!
Mi. COLLASVIEU. I do not wish to detain
the Senate, but I um not sure now that we have
