1B68.
THE C OKG-RESSIQFAL GLOBl|:
Senator fiom Ycitnoni, by allowing these boun-
ties to be paid till the 4th day of March instead
of the 1st of February.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Vermont being
an amendment to an amendment, the Senator's
motion is not now in oriier. The question is on
the amendment moved by the Senator from Ver-
'mont to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HICKS. If it be in order—lam not sure
that it is—I would move now to strike out 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that no amendments are in order while an
amendment to an amendment, which is an amend-
ment in the second degree, is pending.
Mr. HICKS. The motion I desire to make is
to strike out the latter part of the first section,
commencing after the word " dollars" in the
twentieth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is not now in order. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont to the
amendment reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Maryland will now be in order.
Mr. HICKS. I move to strike out all that
pari of the first section after the word " dollars"
in the twentieth line. I do.so becaus.e experience
has satisfied me that volunteers in the Army are
infinitely superior to forced men. I prefer to re-
tain the $300 clause because it is a sum which
many a man in moderate circumstances is able to
raise, or, if he cannot raise it himself, his friends
may-contribute it for him. T think: the money
obtained in that way can be well spent as a bounty
to induce men to enlist. We have among our
people many soldiers who have left the field, hav-
ing served out their terms and returned to their
homes, single men, who would gladly take a
bounty of $300 or $400 and go back, ready for
service, drilled, disciplined, and in condition to
„ enter immediately upon the service of the Govern-
ment.
Besides, sir, I do not know how it is elsewhere,
but these drafts, so far as the State of Maryland
is concerned, have been very heavy. Many of
our young diien who have been drafted, before
they could be forced to the rendezvous, have gone
over to the confederates, and a great deal of con-
fusion has been produced by it. I am induced to
think that it is better to offer a bounty to those
who will go and volunteer. Some honorable Sen-
ator has spoken of the amount of money that it
will require. Why, sir, the money involved is
but a small matter compared with the importance
of putting down at the earliest day this unholy
rebellion. The sooner we do it, the better; and
we should so act as to raise the necessary forces
as soon as possible. I feel exceedingly anxious
that this bounty shall be continued. When this
rebellion is put down.and the machinery of this
great Government is again put in motion, mil-
lions and millions of dollars will be raised without
any inconvenience to the people at large. I move
to strike out all after the word " dollars" in line
twenty to the end of the section.
Mr. GRIMES. We have not adopted the por-
tion of the section which the Senator proposes to
strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Lot the pro-
posed amendment be reported, and the Chair will
then pass upon the question. >
The Secretary. The amendment of the com-
mittee is to inset t after line eighteen the words
"except as provided in the fifth section of this
act,"and after the word " dollars," in line twenty,
to insert,"and after the 5th day of January, 18(>4,
there shall be no bounties paid by the United
States Government to substitutes, and none to
enlisted or drafted men except the bounty of $100
now provided by law."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Maryland is simply to
strike out a clause which has not yet been inserted,
and therefore it is not in oider. The question is
an affirmative one upon inserting the words which
have been read as reported by the committee.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand the pending
question to be on the adoption of both the clauses
in italics?
Tht PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on inserting all the words in italics in this sec-
tion after the eighteenth line.
Mr. HOWE. The proposition of the Senator
from Maryland is to strike out the words in ital-
ics after the word " dollars"in the twentieth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands it; but the words, as printed, form an
entire proposition to be inserted, and that amend-
ment has not yet been adopted. The equivalent
question and the direct question, in the affirmative
form, is upon inserting these words,
Mr. HOWE. The question in the affirmative
is on inserting these and the preceding-words in
italics, as I understand it. That is whatl am try-
ing to understand. The words in italics embrace
these words and a good deal more preceding.
Mr. JOHNSON. May I ask how the bill will
read if amended as proposed by my colleague?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that these separate words in italics are sep-
arate propositions; and the fiist question—and
that will divest it ofallcomplieity—is upon agree-
ing to the amendment reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs to insert after the eighteenth
line the words, " except as provided in the fifth
section of this act." That is now the proposi-
tion directly before the Senate, not connected with
the latter clause. The question is on this amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Now the ques-
tion is upon inserting the words printed in italics
after the word "dollars" in the twentieth line to
the close of the section. The proposition to strike
out those words before they have been inserted
is not in order. The question is upon agreeing
to the amendment proposing to insert those words.
Mr. JOHNSON. What are the words?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Let them be
read again.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
And after the 5th day of Januaiy, 1864, there shall be
no bounties paid by the United States Government to sub-
stitutes!, and none to enlisted or drafted men except tiie
bounty of §100 now provided by law.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Is it nowjn order to
move an amendment to the motion of the Senator
from Maryland ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on inserting these words.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. What I want to get
is to fix the 1st or 2d day of February, as pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont, instead of
the 5th of January.
Mr. HOWE. That has been negatived.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That question
has been decided in the negative on adireet vote.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move the 2d of Feb-
ruary, then.
Mr. CLARK. You can move the same amend-
ment in the Senate. It is now in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana moves to amend the amendment
reported by the committee by inserting " 2d of
February" instead of "5th day of January."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will ask my friend, the
^honorable Senator from Indiana, if he will not
agree to substitute the 5th day of March?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Probably the 2d of
February will do. I do not think the Senate un-
derstood the question when the vote was taken
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would suggest to the
friends of the bill as it is proposed to be amended
by the committee, whether it is advisable to Keep
in the 5th day of January. It is a question
whether the bill can be passed by that day.
Mr. WILSON. I thought the suggestion was
to fix the 2d of February.
Mr. JOHNSON. I mention that as a reason
why you should changc the day.
Mr. COLLAMER. My proposition was re-
jected without any vote that anybody could count.
Mr. CLARK. We can iiave it tried again in
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Try it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment reported by the com-
mittee to insert "2d day of Februaryinstead of
"5th day of January."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
• to; there being, on a division—ayes 24, noes 16.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
dSk
now is on agreeing to the amendmefafc'of th£
Committee on Military Affairs as amended. -1
The amendment,as amended', was agreed:to.,
The next amendment of the Corfitnitieeon Mil- -
itary Affairs and the Militia was to strike out'
" twenty-five,"in line three of section two, and to '
insert " fifteen;" and in like six of section tw<* to"'
strike out " fifteen" and in'Sfert "ten;" so
make the section read: * *
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, a t&nr-.„
ized to pay a premium not exceeding fifteen dollars, 'under* *
such regulations as In' may deem expedient, for the dnlis^ •
moat oj a veteran volunteer hot now in tii$.gervfc§, an'4-*i
premium of not more than ten dollars for the enlistment of
any other volunteer. ' _ ' -
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend that amend- ^
mcnt by striking out "fifteen" and inserting
" twenty;" and in the second placle, striking out
" ten" and inserting " fifteen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the committee what particular necessity ihere
is for paying this premium at all to persons who •
are enlisted men ? It must amount of course to ~
a very large sum, and I should like to have an
explanation as to whether it is absolutely -neces-
sary.
Mr. WILSON. In answer to the inquiry I s
will say that the Government have authorized the s
payment of twenty-five dollars in the case of Vet-
erans, and fifteen dollars in other cases, as-a pre-
mium for the purpose of encouraging enlistments.£'
They provide, however, that no expenses are to.
attend it except this sum; that is, when a-man
obtains a recruit, if he be a veteran, he is paid
twenty-five dollars. He may, in bringing the
man to the point where he is to be recnii.ted ,have
to pay several dollars; he has to pay that himself.
The committee cut down the sum the Government
is now paying from twenty-five to fifteen dollars
in the case of veterans, and from fifteen to ten •
dollars in other cases. We had the impressiori
that we ought to cut it down.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the chair-
man a practical question. Is not this necessarily
so much additional to the bounty? If the man
has made up his mind to enlist, will not the re-
sult be that he will get his neighbor to take him
in to get'the money? No man will be enlisted
who has not somebody to carry him forward.
This is just adding so much to the bounty money.
Is not that all there is to it?
Mr. HOWARD. Not all. If I understand it
rightly, this is a premium which is given to the
recruiting officer for the lime, ttouble, and care
which lie is compelled to bestow in the discharge
of his duties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He gets his regular pay.
Mr. HOWARD. He gets his regular pay be-
sides this, to be sure, but there are a thousand
incidental expenses which he is compelled to sub-
mit to, and which cannot be foreseen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Government pays
them.
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, no. In many eases re-
cruiting officeis have been reduced almost to pov-
erty in consequence of these incidental  -xp*-ns<-s
which they are compelled to pay out of their own
pockets if their friends in the neighboi hood do
not assist them. I know of one particular case of
this kind, in my own Stale, where the burden has
been absolutely insupportable; and it is not an
isolated case by any means, as I have been in-
formed. It strikes me that this is not, by any
mgans, an unreasonable compensation by way of
indemnifying the recruiting officer for these un-
foreseen expenditures which are required at his
hands. The Government, it seems, have been-
allowing twenty-five dollars premium for each
veteran recruit, and fifteen dollars for every re-
cruit not a veteran. This committee have reduced
the sum down to fifteen dollars in the one case,
and ten dollars in the other. It strikes me that
that is not sufficient, but it ought to be twenty
dollars and fifteen dollars for these respective
classes.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to be sure that
I understand the Senator from Michigan. Do I
understand him to say that the Government has
been paying twenty-five dollars to each recruiting
officer for every lecrutt that has been enlisted by
him?
Mr. HOWARD. I have been so informed. It
has been done under the order of the Department;
there is no law for it, I believe.
