1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
habit of selecting King Leopold as our arbitrator
in questions with foreign Powers. We have made
him our pack-horse 
Mr. GRIMES. Have we not done so with the
King of Holland ?
Mr. SUMNER. A great many yearsago. It
was -the ancestor of the present king.
Mr. GRIMES. But the king does not die, I
believe; the Government continues; and I do not
know but that the present king is as eminent as
the old one.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, we are legis-
lating in the present, not in the past, nor even in
the future; we are meeting things as they are; we
are dealing with a practical case. It is not a ques-
tion whether we will have aplenipotentia ry at Brus-
sels five years or ten years from now, when the
present sovereign will have ceased to reign, if in
thattimehe should be called away, but how we shall
be represented there atthis moment, in the present
condition of our affairs. This is the question.
But, says the Senator, if we have a plenipoten-
tiary at Brussels there will be a call to have another
at Gopenhngcn. Does he forget the difference be-
tween Denmark and Belgium ? The whole popula-
tion of Denmark, even including the duchies of
Schleswig, Holstein, and Lauenburg, which have
already, as the Senator knows very well, separated
from Denmark, is only two million six hundred
and five thousand; and our interests there, I need
not say, either commercial or political, are of
small importance compared with those which we
have in Belgium.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire of the Senator if he
includes the Danish possessions abroad 111 that
estimate.
Mr. SUMNER. No; t do not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.Poivnu.)
The amendment proposed by the Senator from In-
diana to the amendment having been withdrawn,
the question recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered;and being taken, resulted
—•yeas 21, nays 18; as follows: •
VE'iA^—Antlinny, ChandlKf, Conner, llnnii,
Doolinle, I'\wn>r, Harris, Howard, Johnson, Lane of' Indi-
ana, I .ami of Morgan, Morrill, Pomejoy, Ram-ev,
Huiiuioi', Van Winkle, VVade3 Wilkinson, VYilley,aiul Wil-
son—01.
NA Yrf—Hnrknlmv, ("lark, Collamer, Co wan,
Davis, Fes-enden, (Jrune-., Hale, Hauling, H.uhm. Ilrn-
diicks-, llmve, Nesniitli. l'owelljiSauishuiy, feheuiian, Ten
Tijck, and Tinni!>ull—J8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commorcf! to move an amendment to
the bill in lino sixty-three, by inserting " Clif-
ton" and " Coatieook" in the list of consulates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My colleague has sev-
eral amendments to offer, if I understand aright,
providing for about ten consulates. 1 should like
to have him read them all over and explain to the
Senate the necessity of the whole. If we pass one,
wc ought to pass all, and they ought to be con-
sidered as a whole.
Mr, JOHNSON. Can they not be provided
for in one amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They come in at differ-
ent places.
Mr. MORRILL. They arc substantially one
amendment, though they must be offered sepa-
rately. The amendment provides for ten consu-
lates in Canada. They arc m lieu of that num-
ber or a larger number of consular agents now
provided for by law, and appointed by the consul
general. The Department of State recommend
that in lieu of these consular agents there shall
be appointed ten consuls to reside at important
places in Canada, and who shall be under the gen-
eral regulations of law applicable to consuls in
foreign countries. Such have been the relations
of that country to this, particularly since the
breaking out of this rebellion, that this amend-
ment of the law is very important to the public
interests. The Committee on Commerce have
had the subject under consideration, and have
come to the conclusion that the recommendations
of the Depaitment should be adopted; and they
have instructed me to move the necessary amend-
ments to this bill. The consulates to be inserted
are Clifton, Coaticook, Erie, Goderich, Kings-
ton, Prescntt, Port Sarnia, Saint Lambert, To-
ronto, and Windsor.
Mr. FESSENDEN, 1 think the amendments
had better be moved separately, and they will be
understood better, perhaps.
Mr MORRILL. Then I move to insert in line
sixty-three, in the schedule of consulates pro-
vided for, the words " Clifton, Coaticook." -
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that question is
taken I will state another fact, so that the Senate
may fully understand the matter. The commu-
nication on this subject was originally sent to the
Committee on Finance, butthinkmgitmoreproper
for the Committee on Commerce, we sent it to that
committee for consideration. The present system
in Canada is that we have a consul general and
he appoints consular agents.- It has been found
very difficult at the present rate of fees, which are
very small as now regulated, to get any agent to
do the business. It is proposed to change that
somewhat in regard to the fees, but it is difficult
to get agents who are not engaged in other busi-
ness. Theconscquence is that the consul general
is obliged to appoint men engaged in other busi-
ness, and frequently men who are engaged with
railroads or one thing or another of that sort.
The result has been that the business of the coun-
try has always been subordinated to the private
business, and has suffered very much in conse-
quence'of it. A shorttimeagoacoupleof agents
were appointed to examine the whole subject.
One of them was a gentleman who has charge of
the consular, bureau in the St&te Department, a
very valuable officcr, and the other one of the best
officers connected with the Treasury Department.
They went through Canada and examined the
whole matter in wider to see what could be done.
It is well ascertained that extensive prepara-
tionsare now making with reference to smuggling
in view of our high tariff. It becomes important,
therefore, that consuls shall be employed in Can-
ada who will be able to devote their whole time
to the duties of their office, and to ferreting out
these matters and giving the proper information,
so the Department believes. The ices at present
paid, which were made very low by an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill a short time ago,
are not sufficient to procure men who will give
much attention to the business, or who will be
likely to be of any great use. We must leave the
whole matter op >n, as it is now, and take the con-
sequences that may re.su It, or else we must appoint
consuls whose whole business it shall be to at-
tend to this matter; and we must also change the
law with reference to the fees, in order that they
may help to pay the expenses of the consulates.
I may here remark that although we make ap-
parently a pretty large appropriation for consuls,
a very large pait of it is paid by the fees. The
fees have been much increased under one law
passed during the last Congress requiring triple
invoices, and establishing a new system of in-
voices forgoods .shipped for this country abroad.
The increase in the fees in a single year has been
about one hundred thousand dollars, and theie is
very good reason to believe that in a shoit period
our consular system will become almost if not
quite self-supporting at the rate of its improve-
ment within the last few years.
It is for the Senate to consider whether for
these reasons, in reference to the important busi-
ness that may be growing up owing to the gieat
difference between our tariff and the tariff of the
Bntish provinces, it is not necessary to adopt
some system which will at any rate tend to check
the evil in some degree, and I have no doubt it
will in a very considerable degree.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Inline sixty-four I propose
to insert the word " Erie."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line sixty-five I move to
insertil Godench."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line sixty-seven I move
to inseit the words " Kingston in Canada."
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line seventy-five I move
to inseit "Prescott.55
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line seventy-eight I move
to insert "Port Sarnia."
The amendmentwas agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line eighty I move to in-
sert "SaintLambert."
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line eighty-two I move
to insert "Toronto."
Tlte amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line eighty-four I move
to insert " Windsor." •
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line one hundred and four
I move to insert "Clifton, Coaticook, Erie, Goder-
ich, Kingston in Canada, Prescott, Port Sarnia,
Saint Lambert, Toronto, and Windsor," in the
provision giving to certain consuls an annual sal-
ary of $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to amend the bill
further by adding as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the thhd section of an act
entitled k<An act making appiopuations for tfiecon&ulai and
diplomatic expenses ot the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 18G0," approved March 3,1&39, i  hereby re-
pealed, and the fee foi cemfying invoices to be chaiged by
the consul general lor the British North American provinces
in subordinate, consular offices and agencies, tor gooda
not exceeding $300 in value, .-hall be one doiiai,and the
same shall be charged for certifying The growth or piori tac-
tion of gooda made duty free by the leeipiocity ti'eaty:
Provided, however, That no tuch certificate of growth or
production i-hall be required I'oi goods not exceeding m
value the burn of §200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I am further instructed by
the Committee on Commerce to propose an amend-
ment to the bill on page 5, by inserting after line
one hundred and seven the following:
For additional salary of the consul at Nassau, 000;
and the -alaiy of said oon-ul i- hereby established at .$4,000,
to commence on the 1st day of Januaiy, 1804.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think the amend-
ment ought to be adopted in that shape. I am
opposed to going back, in raising these salaries,
to the beginning of the year. If they are to be
raised they can be raised for the next year, if the
Senate see fit to raise themm any particular case,
but I do not care about beginning in the middle
of the year. I suggest to the Senator whether it
would not be better to put his amendment in a
different shape, and simply say, and the salary
of the consul at Nassau for the year commencing
on the 1st of July, 1864, shall be so much. Then
if the Senate agree to that we can make a corre-
sponding change in the aggregate sum. I do not
think either the Senate or the House will be will-
ing to commence in the middle of the year, and
vote to raise salaries beginning at the 1st of Jan-
uaiylast. As it reads now it makes an addi-
tional appropriation necessary. I suggest to the
Senator to put in another place the proposition
foi the six months* salary, beginnmgon the 1st
of January last, carrying it up to the close of the
present fiscal year at the rate of $4,000, and then
increase the regular salary from that time to
*>4.000. I should hardly think it was worth while
at the present time to attempt to go back at all,
even if the salaries have been low, but to begin
at the commencement of the coming fiscal year,
if we begin at all.
Mr. MORRILL. The applications for increase
of salaries of consuls are very geneial. The com-
mittee felt constiaincd, under a belief that there
was an indisposition on the part of the Senate to
increase the salaries of officers generally, to dis-
countenance the increase of these salaries; but
there were three cases that were considered par-
ticularly meritorious, and the one under consid-
eration is one of them. The evidence before us
in the case of the consul at Nassau was, that the
duties of that office had been very largely in-
creased and the expenses of living had been
largely increased.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the present sal-
ary ?
Mr. MORRILL, The present salary is ^3,000.
The committee, therefore, were constrained to rec-
ommend an increase-of salary in that case.
Mr. JOHNSON. When does it date from?
Mr. MORRILL. January last.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me ask the Senator, did
we not increase the salary of this consulship the
other dav 5
Mr. MORRILL. 1 think not.
Mr. GRIMES. Have we not increased it since
this war began ?
Mr. MOIIRILL. I am not sure, I do not
remember how that may be. The committee be-
lieved that there should be some compensation for
past services. The proposition of the chairman
