1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSf.
m
of business was the call of committees for the
first hour, to be committed withoutdebate,and not
to be again brought before the House by motions
to reconsider.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES. Before the regular order is
taken up, I offer the following resolution:
JlesoiycjJ,That there be printed so much of the document-
ary ami- other evidence in the several cases of contested
elections, already referred to the Committee of Elections
as, in the judgmentof said committee, will be necessary for
a proper understanding of each case.
- The resolution was agreed to.
VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. ANDERSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I had some businessman Thursday last
which called me from my seat at half past one
o'clock. During my absence, my colleague, Mr.
Smith, introduced a series of resolutions, upon
which the vote was taken in my absence. I have
examined those resolutions, and 1 indorse them
fully, and I ask the consent of the House to have
my vote recorded in favor of each of those reso-
lutions.
No objection being made, Mr. Anderson's votes
were recorded as requested by him.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports, under the rule.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like the consent of
the House to report from the Committee of Ways
and Means, and have put upon its passage, a joint
resolution making two appropriations which it is
necessary should be made before the holidays. "*"*
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that this call
will probably be completed in a few moments, and
then unanimous consent can be asked. It has
been the practice heretofore not to interrupt this
call by requests for unanimous consent.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The Judiciary Com-
mittee, to whom were referred joint resolutions
touching the restoration of the civil authority in
various'"States, have instructed me^to report the
same back to the House, and to ask that they be
recommitted, and ordeied to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done under
this call.
The call of committees was then continued and
completed, no reports being made.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee of
Ways and Means a joint resolution to supply in
part a deficiency in the appropriation for the pub-
lic printing, and to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriations for bounties and premiums for vol-
unteers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be read for information.
Mr. STEVENS. With the permission of the
House 1 desire to make a brief statement. The
first item of this joint resolution is necessary to
pay the hands in the Public Printing Office. The
money was due on Saturday, and they cannot
very well get on without it.
The second item is for the pay of the bounties
to volunteers; and the Secretary of War says the
money will be required before the recess or holi-
days. If those two items are passed, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will not offer any
further appropriation bills until after the recess.
These two items are required now.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time. It appropriates #50,000 to supply deficien-
cies, in part, for public printing. It also appro-
priates $20,000,000, or so much thereofas may be
required, for the payment of bounties and ad vance
pay and premiums for soldiers volunteering or
enlisting in the service of the United States.
The SPEA KER. Is there objection to the prop-
osition made by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia?
Mr. STROUSE. I desire to ask my colleague
whether this appropriation is to be applied only
to the payment of men volunteering from this
time forward ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 think, Mr. Speaker, that an
imnoi t<int bill like this, appropriating over twenty
million dollars, ought to receive the usual kind of
reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It can be disposed of there
without unnecessary delay. There are many
questions to be asked on the subject.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York object?
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to refer the joint
resolution to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Unionrand to make it a special order
for two o'clock to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
DEPARTMENT OI? MISSOURI.
Mr. BLOW, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported back a bill to provide for the de-
ficiency in the appropriation for the pay of offi-
cers and men actually employed in the Western
department,ordepartmentofMissouri,and asked
unanimous consent to have it considered in the
House at this time, and to have the privilege of
making a few remarks.
Mr. COX. I would like to have the bill read,
first. I shall object to any such course unless
there be something extraordinary about the mat-
ter.
The bill was read. It appropriates $700,612 13
to carry into effect the act approved March 25,
1862, to secure to the officers and men actually
employed in the Western department, or depart-
ment of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pen-
sions.
Mr. COX. I object. I think the bill ought to
take the usual course.
Mr. BLOW. Will the gentleman from Ohio
do me the favor to hear me for a f$\v moments?
Mr., COX. I have no objection to hear the ex-
planation.
Mr. BLOW. This bill appropriates over seven
hundred thousand dollars for the payment of the
home guards of the State of Missouri. The last
Congress appointed a commission to examine and
settle their claims; and that commission has made
its report, finding that the sum appropriated in
this bill is due to these men, the noblest body of
men that have ever taken up arms in defense of
their country. They are the men who responded
to the call of General Nathaniel Lyon, in the dark-
est hour of our country's trial. Since that time
the pay to which they are entitled has been with-
held, and their families have been exposed to want.
The action of the commission is final, and there-
fore there can be no doubt about the propriety of
passing this bill. It has been duly considered in
the Committee of Ways and Means, and has been
found to be correct in all paiticulars.
Mr. HARDING. Will the gentleman from
Missouri pcirmt me to make a suggestion?
Mr. BLOW. With pleasure.
Mr. HARDING. I have no objection to the
consideration of this bill now, provided the gen-
tleman fiom Missouii will consent to its beijig so
amended us to extend its provisions to the State
of Kentucky, where there arc men situated simi-
larly to those in Missouri, and who are entitled
to the same measure of relief. If the gentlemen
do not consent to that, I will move to refer the bill
back to the Committee of Ways and Means, with
instructions to inquire whether it should not be
so amended as to include Kentucky as well as
Missouri, so that equal justice may be done.
• The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at present.
Mr. BLOW. I would cheerfully consent, if a
commission had been appointed in the case of
Kentucky and made a report, as in the case of
Missouri.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Missouri
please have the law read, raising that commis-
sion?
The joint resolution to revive an act to secure
to the officers and men actually employed in the
Western department, or department of Missouri,
their pay, bounty, and pensions, and for other pur-
poses, was read. It revives the provisions of the
joint resolution approved July 12, 1862, and al-
lows the commission therein provided for, six
months after its passage within which to make
its report.
Mr. BLOW. J repeat, sir, that the teportwas
made in strict accordance with the joint resolu-
tion, and 1ms undergone, as I have said, the m-
vestigationof ihu Committee of Ways and Means.
I hope, therefore, that the gentleman from Ohio
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. COX. I,ask the gentleman from Missouri
whether there has been any appropriation made
to carry out the award of the commissioners?
Mr. BLOW. One hundred thousand dollars
were appropriated. The allowed pfairas^pujkqfi
to -§800,612,15; that is, the claims allowed by fchg
commission. -The original claims wer^fl,5^0,00(1.
If millions were paid by this} Government, > ft
would not remunerate those men for tWgejrviqe
which they rendered. , ,, « ]
Mr. COX. I do not seek ar^yissue fwltlj.,t|^
gentleman about the merits of the soldiers of Mis-
souri. I know very well the service t^ihejr^ett-
dered. I do not think that we ought, to ^eta-pc^ce-
dent, at this early, day pf the session, of pacing
appropriation bills in tfce JHouse without the lpaql
consideration in the Committee ofl|ie Wholepn
the state of the Union. If the Committee of Ways
and Means are to pass these bills at once, with-
out proper investigation by the committee, and
the Houto is simply to follow them as.a .flock. ,of
sheep follows their leader, we might dispense
with the Committee of the Whole altogether-
I think th$t this matter will probably, ,p$ss
on a full consideration by the Gormnittee of
Whole, and it had much better be referred lo .that
committee. Nothing will be lost by the reference.
I think that H can be done to-day, if the gehtie-
man pleases; or to-morrow. The soldiers of
Missouri can lose nothing by this postponement
of a day or two, or, if gentlemen pleaseyfor.a^Jir
hours, that this appropriation may be looked into
in the light of the papers with which it is accom-
panied. Gentlemen are not making a factious
opposition. It is not extraordinary to ask that
an appropriation bill involving nearly a million
dollars should be considered in the Committee-of
the Whole on the state of the Union. ,
Mr. BLOW. I will make the motion that the
bill be referred to,/he Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; but before doing so I
desire to assure this House that this is a case, of
pressing necessity. I am astonished at the gen-
tleman from Ohio, for l^c was a member of the last
Congress, and is familiar with the whole course
of legislation on this subject. These men, sir,
have suffered for over two years from the want of
this money, which is justly due to them. Their
families, if God Almighty had not taken care of
them last winter by the unusual mildness of the
season, would have been subjected to untold suf-
fering. I think that it is our imperative *duty-to
take care of them at once. I now submit the mo-
tion to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and also the motion
that the bill be made the special order for one
o'clock to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. Three o'clock.
Mr. BLOW. Very well, then; threeo*clock.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, ihe
bill is referred,under the rules, to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union*
Mr. KING. I ask the unanimous,consent of
the House to say a few words.
There was no objection.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, I have hot con-
ferred with my colleague in reference, to the
proposition now before the House, but it is one of
those cases with which I profess to be somewhat
familiar. There is-no class of soldiers in Mis-
souri which has been so badly treated and so much
neglected as the class now sought to b.e provided
for by this bill. A number of the officers who
commanded these men received thpir pay, but
when the paymaster came to look at the pay rolls
and the muster-in rolls* owing to the ignorance,
or carelessness, or something else of those who
had them in charge, they were so objectionable
that he refused to pay on them. So, then, when
the men gathered together for their pay, they were
turned away because of this defect in the rolls.
The men were discharged, and since that time"
they have remained without their pay. Last
Congress passed a law for the creation of a hoard
of commissioners, to be appointed by the Secre-
tary of War, to which their claims should be
submitted. .
As my colleague has remarked, the claims pre-
sented before the commission were largely in ex-
cess of the amount allowed by them. The men
who performed these services in Missouri;, and
for whom this appropi iation is now asked, are
really in need of the money. So far as 1 know,
their necessities absolutely demand it r and it is
