2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
duced the foregoing letters. I Saw at once that the
district which I have the honor to represent had
been chosen for this assault, and that two of my
personal and political friends had been selected
as the victims of party malice. I perceived, also,
that the gentlemen aimed at were among those
most dreaded in political warfare by their polit-
ical adversaries. I could at that moment, with a
clear conscience, have announced my perfect con-
fidence in their innocence and denounced these let-
ters as forgeries. I preferred,however,as I then
stated, to pursue a different course. I knew that
my knowledge of these gentlemen was not fully
shared by the members of this House, and that
my word, unaided by evidence, would weigh but
little underthecircumstane.es with those who have
made up their minds to believe any calumny,
however great, if it attaches to a member of the
Democratic party. I therefore took my time, as
the gentleman from Ohio did his, to produce testi-
mony, but with a far different result, as I shall
speedily demonstrate.
But let us pause at this pointa momentand see
how this case stands and what are the issues made
and tendered by the gentleman himself. He said
that he would produce these letters. He has not
done so, and I call upon him to do so now. Copies
even if correctly made do not comply with this
bold and defiant promise unless they are proven
by competent evidence. The copies here pro-
duced are attended by no proof at all that tlicy
are copies of letters written by Mr. Davis and
Judge Eckels. The gentleman said that he " im-
mediately callcd some Indiana officers who knew
the authors and were acquainted with their hand-
writing. " He leaves us plainly to infer that he
was assured by them that the letters were gen-
uine. Who are these officers? Where are their
statements? The gentleman will remember that
he stands pledged to produce any further testi-
mony which may be required at his hands in con-
nection with this case. 1 demand {his and have
aright to it if it is in existence. If it is not the
gentleman will doubtless have the candor to say
so. He alludes to his first statement on this sub-
ject, and says that he did not make it " without
a full knowledge of what he said." The time
has now arrived for him to make that averment
good or unqualifiedly retract the charge which he
has made against two unoflendingprivate citizens.
He says that he took exact copies of thcse-Jottcis
"placing them under tissue paper and tracing
them as accurately as possible so as to preserve
the characteristics of the hand writing." Where
are these accurate copies? I demand their pro-
duction. They were not the ones lead at the (leak
on the 19th. Those were simply copies of copies.
The gentleman states that the spy took the ori-
ginals with him into the rebel lines This accounts
for theirabsence, but where are these tissue paper
copies*wlnch show the handwriting of the parties
charged? The telegraph and newspaper corre-
spondents all in the employ and under the control
of the gentleman and his pai ty friends have flooded
the country with the positive assurance that the
gentleman from Ohio was abounding with over-
whelming pioof of the authenticity~of these let-
ters, and that lwould,not duie to call them m
question. Sir, let the gentl< man now makegood
the vaunting boast of his friends.
I do not thus call upon the gentleman from
Ohio in any spirit of recrimination for the as-
sault, the cruel assault which he has made on
Mr. Davis and Judge Eckels, and through them
on the Democratic party, nor on account of las
particular allusion to the fact that these gentlemen
are my constituents. Their characters will not
suffer at his hands; the Democratic paity will
survive his blows; and I esteem it the highest
hon#r to be reminded even by way of taunt that
John G. Davis and Dehinn R. Eckels are my con-
stituents. But it is my right and my duty to
demand the proof by which this atrocious chaigc
is sustained. The rules of evidence imperativei'y
require that the author of a charge shall support
it with his evidence before the party cluuged is
called upon to defend. In the absence of such
evidence, I might content myself with simply de-
nouncing these letters as forgeries upon the de-
nials of the two gentlemen charged with writing
them. °
Kut if happens fortunately for the cause of in-
nocence, justice, and truth, that I am under no
necessity of thus standing m an attitude of de-
fense. The gentleman from Ohio having failed
to produce evidence to sustain his deliberate and
solemn statement, I will assume the affirmative
and prove by clear, conclusive, and unimpeacha-
ble testimony that these letters are base, impu-
dent, deliberate forgeries; acknowledged to be
such by the spy who forged them, and from whom
the gentleman from Ohio obtained his copies, i
will prove by Republican testimony that the spy
wrote them himself at a distant part of the State
from where these gentlemen reside, and that he
made no disguise with his friends of the purposes
for which they were forged. I will first, how-
ever, submit the denials of the gentlemen them-
selves who are arraigned upon these forgeries.
You have already heard read the telegram from
Mr. Davis to me on this subject. 1 now produce
the following letter:
Terre Haute, Aprils 1, 1864.
Sir: Inclosed publication made in the Terre
Haute Express tins morning.
This assault was first made upon meon the floorof Con-
gress, where I havenovoiee. The whole tlun« is a wicked,
malicious, and dopieablefoigciy. General Garfield has
evidently carelc^ty s-ufTeied himself to be imposed upon.
He certainly cannot wish to do me a willtul injury.
With Rankin 1 have no personal acquaintance. I only
know of hun through the channels of public reputation ; and
1 may add that his chaiacter is universally condemned. X
have not only written no $.ueh letter in hi* behalf, but I
never vviote to John C. Bieckmridge on any subject in my
life.
Yours, respectfully, JOHN G. DAVIS.
Hon. Daniel VV. Vooriiees*
1 take the liberty also of reading a portion of
a private letter from Mr. Davis to me on this sub-
ject. I do it to show, among other things, the
keen infliction which has so wantonly and ruth-
lessly been brought upon an innocent, proud-
spirited man:
Tkrrk Haute, April 23, 1861.
My Dear Fiufnd : To-day I feel able to write you ibis
line, though so badly 1 (car you will not be able to lead it.
I ha\ e jii>t received yom di-patch. All riyht so tai. You
will have leeeived Hie Hentmel bofnie tins readies you,
containing a well-vviittcn aitiele and a t-ati.-lactorv state-
ment oi the foigetv and oninn of fhe.se Inters,. K is con-
clusive. This Matemeut, with my letter and such other
evidence may eonm to hand beloie you address the
Hoiwj on {his .stupendous villainy, you wilt of course u?e.
VVa> there ever betoio m the histoiv of ciunesueh a bold
and ilevih-h attempt to malum ami iie-tioy tne ehaiaeier
of man'5 lla?* helleii malevolence evei belore be< u so ap-
parent?
Demand of (xarkikld the oujnnal letter*. Make him
di.-elose who has them and who lunnvhed the copies. Lot
him >how lusaihhthnaldocumcntaiyecidencc ofike authen-
ticity oj these lellas," which he has had vauutingly tele-
giaphed ovei lite cuuntiy Unit ho had in hi* pii.^e^Mon.
Oh, my tnend, how s.idly have I felt the want of my for-
mei good health u ulun the'la-,t toui days! Hut i mustbeai
patiently the will ot llim who does aii things lot the best.
Language would uifily fail to de.%eube my feelings. I
must leave you to ind;je. *
i leave m\ ea.se and my ehaiaetci, whteh is much dearer
than I lie, in \ our hands. 1 know you u ill not let it Miftej.
Smeeie!} ^oui fuend, JOHN G. DAVIS,
lion. 1). VV. Vooriuujs.
I will fuither state that Mr. Davis has pro-
nounced the letter nttributed to him to be a for-
gery in various newspapers in Indiana.
1 will now submit the denial of Judge Eckels,
which is contained in the following telegram:
Grekncastle, jimil IJO, 1864.
Hon. I). W. Vouiunsi,s :
The lettei ic.id m the House by General Garfii ld, pur-
porting to have been wutterj by me to John C. Hri-ekm-
ndie, i.s a ha.se Soigeiy. 1 have no pei^ouat acquaintance
with Mi. i/ioekunidge, and have never wnUen linn on an\
.subject. }). R. ECKELS. *
1 read also the following letter, just received:
Eel Rivi:r. Ajn il 23, lfcGl.
Sir: I have this evening seen for the liis-t tunealetiei
pmporting to have been written by me to Jolm O. Bnek-
inralire, ictommendmg Ol.vej K.uikm, and lead b\ G< n
etal Garfivlo in f.'ongie-iS, and I avail myj-elt oi the eaib-
est oppoifmuty to dechue if n bascjoi "ay. I havenoner-
«onai aeqnamtanee wiliMi. Breekuuulue. and have never
wtMten to hun upon that or uny ot her tuhjcrt.
I am living on my faun lwmteen mil's Mom my po-f ot-
fiee, ami have not leeeived nn mail f01 two week- ; hut
tor tlu«> \ ou would have heard iiom me sooner.
Yom ni.odn-m  ei v.ut?, j>. R. WKELS
lion. D. VV. VooRiit.1' s.
The Mouse is now in possession of the leplies
which these injured arid outraged gentlemen have
seen fit to make on the subject of these letters. 1
will next call a witness who proves this forgery
affirmatively and explicitly. I read now a state-
ment voluntarily made by Mr. Hays, of Indian-
apolis, a Republican in polities and, greatly to his
honor, capable of doing an opponent an act of jus-
tice when wion^fully asn.uh-d:
The undersigned was well acquainted with Uhvu
Rankin. The last time I saw him was at the Little's ho-
tel in thH city, in July, 1863. I have read the letters read by
General Garfield in the United States House of Represent-
atives, dated Jul v. 18Q3, purporting to have been wi itten by
Hon. John G. Davi* anil Hon. D- ft. Bekles. (01 EekeN,)
introducing .-aid Rankin to John C. B reek 1 midge, n -renewal
in the tebel army. To my knowledge those lewis were
wutteu at the de^k hi the office of Little's hotel. 1 saw
them written and I read them after they were ?o written,
Neithei John G. Davis nor D. R. TSckels had any paiticipa-
tion m or knowledge of the matter wiiatever. The said
Rankin was acting in the capacity of a spy. Me had as
such crossed the lebel lines three times. The last time his
friends heard horn Rankin was three days before the bat-
tle of Clnckairiduga, and then he was at Bragg's head-
quarters, and thoy now suppose him to he dead. The ob-
ject the said Rankin had m view in writing^ the letters
referred to was to aid him in case he should be arie«ted
by the rebels, as lie thought such letters would leeommend
hun to the rebel authorities in sucli an event, and help con-
ceal his true character.
I make this statement as a matter of justice to Messrs.
Davis and Eckels, whom i know, but with whom [ havo
no poiijical sympathy. It was the purpose ot Rankin to
have destroyed the letters named above if he had returned
from ins mission in safety.
Mr. Ttftnkm was a stanch Union man, and an excellent
officer. His daiingand biaveiyhad jeceived many com-
mendations fiom his supenor officers. General Man^on
complimented him very highly in his official report for his
sei vices at the battie of Mill Springs.
J. McD. HAYS.
Eut, Mr. Speaker, I will be asked who Mr.
Hays is, and whether his character may be relied
on for integrity and veracity. I am ready to an-
swer on that point. I submit in corroboration
of his evidence the statement of Mr. Hyde, which
is as follows:
Indianapolis, April 27, 1804.
This is to certify that Mr. J. McD. [lays has been in my
employ, as clerk of Little's hotel, tor the past two yeais,
and that I have ait confidence in his integrity and veiacity.
it is al.-o within my per&onal knowledge that .the tetters of
intiodnclion puipoiting to have heen wntten by John G.
Davis and 1). R. Eckels, in July, 1B03, to John C. Bteek- •
limdge, recommending one Rankin to his confidence, aie
fortunes, and that they were written as stated in the pub-
lished statement of Mr. Hays in the Indianapolis Daily
Sentinel. A. R. HYDE,
Proprietor of Little's Hotel,
Indianapolis, Indiana.
I also submit to the House the following state-
ment of ten worthy and respectable citizens of In-
dianapolis:
Indianapolis-? April 27, 1864.
The undersigned are well acquainted with Mr. J. McD.
Hays, cleik 111 Little's hotel, ot this city, and they take
ploasuie in stating that he is a young gentleman ot strict
mtegiitv and veracity.
A. GALVIN,
CHARLES SAUER.
W. J. HAWKER.
J J. SWJGGAilT.
MILTON A, O.SBORN,
Captain Tit entielh Indiana Battery.
WILLIAM H. SALTER,
Deputy Secretary-Mttiihsipni Insurance Company*
D. O. AIINIUlv.
D. H. <'HA£E.
A. C. BUYAV[\
R. S. CUNNINGHAM.
In addition to the foregoing I will read a letter
which my colleague [Mr. Holman] has handed
me for that purpose:
Lawrenceburgh, Indiana, aprils.5, 1864.
Dear Sir : I notice m the newspapers a statement to the
ctTect that Gerieia! Garfield, of Ohiu, had made ,111 expoMj
of what puipoifd to be two letters hum Hon. John <«\
Davi<? and Judge D R. Kekcls introdueing a certain indi-
vidual by the name of Rankin to the iebel Geneial John U.
i'reek nn idgo,w how a^ do&iiour> ot obtaining ;> po-ition in the
coniedeiate army. Since tins exposition wan made 1 have
M-en a statement made undei oath b} J. M. Hays, piinci-
pai oieik 111 Little's hotel, indwinapfdif, m which he sijs
that fiom actu.d ob^eivatmn he know-,thns<* letteis ate lor
<reue^, because lie not only saw them wiitlen, bur read
them aher they w.uc wi Uleii. From a peisouai knowledge
which 1 have of the ciiaraeter of Mr, Hays toi tiuth am}
veiaony f do not hesitate to give his stat'ement lull luith
and eiedit. I know him, and have known him tor more than
iluee years intimately, and f am lully persuaded he would
-eom tne idea of giving Mieh a statement to the public to
i<icen an\ man unlesb nutli ju-tifted him in douigso. You
kno\v' very well i do not mdoisc tne position which iVIes-r-.
Lck'-Nand Davis net upv m regaid to the wa> , but ! think
1 am doing nothing but ju-tu e 111 makinsr the* .-tatement.
There is too snou!  a tendency on tin- pai t otVueh pan 'ofs
a.^ Geneial (taiu'ikld to kecp'the public mind 111 a constant
slate of k ime.nUition by s-taiti.ig upou the wind-- -'jeii bum-
bUL' ehai^'sas the one in fiue->!ion, and henee wli-ue then
j-land.uou- declarations can be letutcd it ouyht to be done.
Very tiulv 50111&, O. P. ROUfiRTS.
Hon. \Yini.iam S. Hor.MvN.
R.S. You are at tibeity to show this letter to Mj. Yoor-
iikfs if jou are bo disposed.
Your*, See*., 0. F. R.
Mr. Roberts, the writer of the ahovp, Wets four
vears a njpreKentative in the, Indiana
horn the county of Deai horn, find vva>- on.; of the
ablest and most prominent members of tha' body.
Then; is not u moru highly lejiutdule ^ulleman
