THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
an arrangement, it w.ill be a failure, utterly imper-
fect.
At present our consuls employ their own clerks
and pay them out of their own salaries. I be-
lieve thereare do exceptions to that unless it may
be in two or three of the Turkish consulates,
where, under an old law, we employ interpreters
in the nature of clerks, and give them $500 a
year or something of that kind. There are some
five or six of those; but except in Turkey and
its dominions, all our consuls employ their own
clerks. Now, suppose you appoint twenty of
these consular pupils, and the President assigns
them to this, that, and the other consulate, and di-
rects them to do the duty of clerks as far as they
are able until they learn the business. I grant
that the consul would be very likely to take those
young men, because they would receive salaries
at home and he would have nothing to pay them.
He would use them as far as he could, so far as
they were educated men, because he had then-
services for nothing. Then the amount of the
proposition is simply just so much relief to the
consul by furnishing him clerks.
But when these young men have served thus as
pupils, what hope is there of their ever being
really clerks appointed by the consul? Ho will
never appoint them, because the moment he ap-
points them clerks, it becomes his duty to pay
them. He will use them, but he will use them
as consular pupils, never as clerks. Then the
young man can have no elevation any way and
no hope for it. The limited pay given him merely
for his support while he is being educated is all
he can ever get; and if by that means he becomes
acquainted with the language and with the com-
mercial affairs and intercourse of the country, he
renders himself a valuable man for the merchant
to employ, and he will become a consignee for
people at home and go into other employment
after being educated at the public expense.
What hope is there in our country that those
men thus educated will ever become consuls at
all? If we cannot have them as consuls, and if
they cannot have any security in any way that
they ever will be, what is the use of them?
We all know how consulships are made. The
truth is, being plainly spoken, we need more of
preparation and education for our diplomatic
character than we do for our consuls. I doubt
very much whether the time will ever be in this
country, if it ever has been, in which selections
for foreign appointments, either of consuls or
ministers,ever have been oreverwill be made to
any considerable extent from an actual acquaint-
ance with the adaptations of the men to their
places. They are political appointments, the
great body of them, and have been for a long
while. I do not wish to speak disrespectfully of
them in anyway; but that is their character; that
is the natureof their selection,and will be. So it
will bo in regard to consuls, and this idea of un-
dertaking to make a class adapted to the duties ot
these places without any security of'their ever
keeping them in the world appears to me entirely
Utopian.
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to the honorable
Senator from Vermont on this subject of consular
pupils I wish to say 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask my colleague
whether he will allow a letter from the State De-
partment to be read before he speaks upon the
subject?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I send it to the Secre-
tary's desk, and ask to have it read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, January 9,
Sir : I beg leave to roquet, in connection with the hill
making appropnations for the diplomatic and cousularex-
penses of thy Government for the year ending 30th June,
1865, a recurrence to tiie message of the President, (see
♦Senate Ex. Duo. No. 14, Thirty-Seventh Congress, third
session,) dated Decomber 24, 1?62, transmittinga communi-
cation t loni this Department in roi.it ion to the appointment
of consular clciks or ** pupils,^ as they were called in the
act of August 18, I&3<5. \ ou will remember tiiat the sev-
enth section of the act of August 18, 1856, (see Statutes,
vol. 11, p. oo,) authoimng such pupils, was repealed by
the second section of the aet of Fehttury 7,1857. (see Stat-
utes, vol. 11, p. 100,) notwithstanding an urgent appeal for
its ictenuon was made by the late Secretary of Suite, Gov-
ernor Maicy.
In the views expressed by him, arid also by my imme-
diate ptedeoessfcor, CovcrnorCass, on the same subject, (t-ee
Ex. Doe. No. 6b, pp. 3, J2, House of Representatives,
Thirty Fifth Congress, second session,) I fully concur.
The experience also of another year has served to im-
press me still more strongly with the expediency of the
legislation which I had the honor heretoioie to suggest.
During the progiess oi the war, the duties of our consuls
have become very onerous and responsible, and involve a
great amount of labor requiring much clerical service, which
is necessarily to be paid by the consul fioin his own com-
pensation. The files of the consular correspondence con-
tain satisfaetoiy evidence to show how inadequately our
consuls are compensated at the principal commercial pints
of the world. The repeal of the second section above men-
tioned would, to a certain extent, affoid them much relief.
Its repeal may also be urged upon publicgrounds. Since
the commencement of this war the Department has had
much confidential correspondence with our consuls abroad
in relation to the rebel privateers, the fitting out of block-
ade tunners, and equipping of vessels-of-war in foreign
countries by individuals in the interest of the rebels, and
the shipment of arms and other munitions for their use.
Upon all these matters the Department has been kept fully
informed by our consuls, and the information thus commu-
nicated, which has been'promptly made known to the Navy
Department, and thus to the commanders of the blockad-
ing squadrons in the manner indicated in the notices,
printed in confidence, of which specimens are herewith
inclosed, has led to thecaptuieand condemnation of many
blockade runners with valuable cargoes.
It is important, therefore, that the chief clerk in each of
the principal consulates should be a thoroughly loyal Amer-
ican citizen, fitted at any moment, in case of the sickness,
absence, death, oi tempoiary disability of the consul, to take
his place and dischatgc faithfully hi* duties.
Some idea of the natuie arid extent of consular duties
may be obtained from the dispatches, of which copies are
herewith inclosed.
Under the provisions also of the aet of the 3d of March
last, by which all invoices of good* imported into the United
States', instead of a jew only, as was formcily the case, are
requited to he authenticated, and that, too, in triplicate, the
clerical work in the consulates has increased many fold,
and while the amount of consularfees paid into the Treas-
ury is largely augmented, the consuls have received no in-
crease of compensation for the additional labor and cleri-
cal expense to which they are theieby Mibjcctcd.
It is stared by the Filth Auditor, a copy of whose letter
Is herewith inclosed, that the consular tecs paid into the
Treasuty during the year ending the 30th of June, 18613,
amounted to $152,98-3 94, and thatunderthe amended con-
sular tariff the receipts toi the current yeai are estimated
at .$2.10,000. To thi-  extent the consular system is and
will be self-Mipportinc, and consequently of the nppiopna-
tions annually made tor the salaries of consuls a consider-
able part is eithei neverdiavvn trom the Treasury, or if so,
l< again "covered"' into it.
hi view of these facts and for the interest of the public
soi vice, it H to be hoped that the second section of the act
of Fehtuarv 7, 1857, ritatntcs, volume eleven, page 160,
may be repealed, and a«< suggested by the late vSecretaiy of
State, Governor Wmcy, in a letter to the Committees on
Finance and ot Foreign Affairs, dated January 3, 185*/,
that the (l provisions ot the actof August 18,1856," relating
" to consular pupils may lemam undistmbed," the wisdom
of that suggestion having been approved by " time and ex-
perience."
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD,
lion. William Pitt Fi.sskndfn, Chaumqn of Committee
on 2'"ni«Hce, United States Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. In teply to the remarks of
the Senator from Vermont 1 was simply about to
remark that this feat me in the consular system of
the United States is more peifect, I think, than
the Senator seems to suppose. It is true, as he
states, that it was ingrafted on the consular bill
of 1856, and repealed in 1857;*butin the mean
time the Secretary of State had taken the subject
into consideration, and this idea of consular pu-
pils had entered into the consular system of the
United States. Another feature-not alluded to by
the honorable Senator is that by the treaty of
Washington in 1853 between the United States
and France this idea of consular pupils was con-
templated and anticipated, and it was provided
that consular pupils appointed to reside at France
should be entitled to all the privileges of consuls
generally, and of other officers connected with the
consulates of that country.
Immediately after the passage of the act of
1856 the Secietary of State embodied that act in
a system of rules and regulations to give it effect,
by which these consular pupils who were pro-
vided for, and who were to be appointed by the
President, in number not exceeding twenty-five,
as he might judge the public exigencies demanded,
were, in the first place, to be examined by per-
sons designated by the Secretory of State, in
the second place their qualifications were speci-
fied. In the third place, the duties which they
were to perform in connection with the consulate
abroad were specified in the rules and regulations
growing out of the act of 1856.
Mr. COLLAMER. They never were ap-
pointed.
Mr. MORRILL. I know they were never ap-
pointed; but lam only speaking of what was con-
templated and as it will be if it is revived. The
principal objection which I understood the Sen-
ator from Vermont to urge against it was, that it
did not provide for the conceded need of better
educated men in our foreign consulates. I think
the act of 1856, and the rules and regulations
drawn up in conformity to it, are intended to meet
that necessity, and if that act is revived and car-
ried out, it will meet that necessity. The hon-
orable Senator is mistaken in supposing that these
men are norto be secured to the country,for the
act contemplates the education of these consular
pupils in the duties appropriate to the function of
the consulate where they are employed and edu-
cated in part at the public expense. They are to
be made familiar with the duties of the office under
the direction of the. consul; their qualifications are
to be reported upon to the State Department from
time to time, and as they become qualified they
are to be promoted.
Mr. COLLAMER. Promoted into what?
Mr. MORRILL. Promoted toconsuls. There
is a regulation of that kind, and I will read it with
the permission of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is only a regulation.
Mr. MORRILL. A regulation growing out of
the law.
Mr. COLLAMER. Can the regulation bind
the President to appoint them consuls?
Mr. MORRILL. I will read it:
"Diligence in the disehargeoftheirconsulardulies,obe-
dience to the Instructions of the consular officer to whose
consulate they are assigned, a courteous bearing toward
ail persons having business with the consulate, upiightness
of conduct m all respects, will be expected from consular
pupils. Disobedience, neglect of duty, the abuse'of their
credit m pecuniary transactions, or exceptionable moial
conduct, will be followed by the revocation of their cora-
im>sions."
This is the point:
a Consular pupils possessing the requisite qualifications,
and exhibiting an aptitude for the consular service, who
have been faithful in the performance ot their consular du-
ties, will, from time to time, be recommended to the Pres-
ident for promotion."
1 do not say that it is matter of law; but I say
that predicated upon the law are rules and legu-
lations which constitute the consular system of
the country in part, containing the precise pro-
visions which the Senator from Vermont com-
mends, and which he supposes do not exist. I
hope that the amendment will be sustained by the
Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, under the
old system of attesting invoices, very great frauds
were perpetrated on the Treasury. All shippers
were not compelled upon every-invoice to attest
its accuracy before a consul. The consul to Man-
chester last year sentacommunication to the Sec-
rotary of State, and through him it was commu-
nicated to the Committee on Commerce, and like-
wise, I believe, to the Committee on Finance,
suggesting a change in the attestation of bills by
which triplicate certificates were to be certified to
by the consul resident. That was adopted by
the Congress of last year, and that change in con-
sular certificates greatly increased the labor of the
consuls where there were large commercial trans-
actions between the United States and that par-
ticular locality, which compelled the appointment
of a large number of extra clerks, and this year
we find almost every consul of the United States
applying for an increase of salary on the ground
that he has been compelled to increasehis clcrical
force.
Those appfrcations were nearly all rejected; but
it was concluded by the Committee on Commerce,
upon full investigation, to adopt the suggestion
of the three preceding Secretaries of State and to
report an amendment authorizing the appointment
of twenty-five consularpupils, each of whom was
to be assigned as a clerk to some one of these con-
suls who were pressed and crowded by extra busi-
ness. I will take, for example, the consulate afc
Manchester. Piior to the enactment of the law
of last year, the receipts of that consulate were
§1,000 less than theexpenses; whereas, since the
enactment of the law, the receipts are $15,000 more
than the expenses. The business has increased
more than a hundred fold. Prior to the passage
of that act the consul did all the business him-
self, but now he is obliged to employ three clerks
at an expense of much more than his salary.
The proposition is to assign one of these con-
sular pupils to each of the consuls who are most
pressed with business. The change made by the
law of last year has added more than one hundred
thousand dollars per annum to the receipts from
consular fees, making the whole consular system
