1863s.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
pot for naval purposes upon one of our western rivers:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establMiingPiich
naval yardand depot,and locating the same at Portsmouth,
or ironton, or some other feasible point on the Ohio river
within the Hanging Rock iron region of southern Ohio,
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think that that resolution
ought to go to an investigating committee to as-
certain where the place is that is referred to.
[Laughter.]
The resolution was adopted.
AeedmEn's association.
Mr. ASHLEY. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Rcsolvetl, That tho-use of this Hal! be granted to the Na-
tional Freedmen's Relief Association, for a public meet-
ing, to be held on some evening early in January, to be des-
ignated by the officers of the association.
Mr.Speaker, I want tosaya word. The Freed-
men's Relief Association passed a resolution ask-
ing for the use of this Hall, and the Chaplain of
the House, who isa member of it, requested that I
should present this resolution for adoption.
Mr. PENDLETON. Debate arising, the reso-
lution goes over. I propose also to debate it.
Mr. ASHLEY.. Dr. King, of New York 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
resolution goes over if the resolution be debates.
Mr. COX. It will give rise to long debate.
Mr. ASHLEY. I withdraw the resolution.
conscription again.
Mr. SCHENCK. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask leave to report, from
the Committee on Military Affairs,a bill to repeal
section three and part of section ten of an apt en-
titled "An act for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1863.
Objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended for the purpose I have indicated.
The motion was disagreed to, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
Mr HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the deficiency appropriation bill referred to it this
morning.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask leave first to introduce
a proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The House refused to go into committee; there
being, on a division—ayes 61, noes 65.
exchange op "prisoners.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, submitted the
following resolution, and demanded the previous
question on its adoption:
Whereas the entire people of the States still adhering to
the Fedora! Union are sorely exercised by reason of the re-
ported suffering of their brethren now prisoners, of war in the
confederate States; and whereas the commonest prompt-
ing* of humanity should induce the Executive representa-
tive of the nation to exhaust every pioper effort to alleviate
their distressed condition and restoie them to their homes;
and whereas we are well informed that the number of con-
federate ptisoners in oui hands is vastly in excess of the
number of Federal prisoners in theus, and that exchange
could be made, excluding the question of color, that would
restore our white brethren to liberty without prejudicing
what may be supposed to be the rights of colored Federal
soldiers now pnsoncis of war: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested to promptly instruct those having in
charge the matter of the exchange of prisoners between the
United States and the so-called confederate States to pro-
pose an exchange of white men for white men, leaving
other questions to he disposed of when the sufteyng white
sons ot the Republic shall have been restored to the service
of the Government, their friends, and firesides.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the pre-
vious question be not seconded, will not amend-
ment be in order?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The previous question was not seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes 56, noes 75. *
Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio, moved that the reso-
lution be laid upon the table; and on that motion
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it faas decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyd, Biandegee, Bioomall, Ambrose W. Clark,
Fieoman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Henry YViuter David,Dawes,
Dixon, Donnelly, Dugg«, Dumont, EckJey, Eliot, Fnrns-
worth, Fenton, Frank, GaifMd. Gooch. Grinnell, Hisby,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckcs,
Julian, Keilcy, Francis YV. Kellogg, Orlando Keliogg, Loan,
Longyear, Lovcjoy, Marvin, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Leonard Myers, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pike, William H.
Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John-II, Rice, Edward H.
Rollins, Schenck, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens,
Thayer, Van Valkenburgh, William B. Washly^rn, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wmdom, and Woodbridge—73.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen. Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown, Cox, Cravens, Creswell, Dawson, Dennis>on, Eden,
Edgciton, Eldridge, English, Finck, GansOn, Glider, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Hairington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M.
Harris, Hemek, Holman, Ilutchms, Philip Johnson, Wil-
iiajn Johnson, Kasson, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, La-
zear, Le Bluud, Long, Maicy, McAllister, McBiide, Mc-
Dowell, McICinney, Middlcton, William II. Miller, James
R. Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Nelson, Noble, Odell,
John O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton, Perry, Price, Radford, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Ross, Scofield, Scott,
Smith, Smithers, Stebbuis, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy,
Ward, Eilhu B, Washburne, Webster, Whaloy, Wheeler,
Chillon A. White, Joseph W. White, Wilson, Winfield,
and Fernando Wood—85.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MORRILL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Baxter, was confined to his room by indisposi-
tion.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend tlyj resolution by striking out ail after the
word "resolved," and inserting the following;
and upon that motion I demand the previous
question:
That this House approve of the measures taken by the
Administration for the exchange of prisoners now hold by
the enemy in southern prisons, and that it is hereby recom-
mended thafcthe same be persisted in, to the end thataju->t
and fair exchange may be had lorallourprisohers now held
by the rebels.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ash-
ley, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Jacob B. Ulan,
Blow, Boutwell, Bo>d, Biandegee, Brootnall, Cobb, Cole,
Cravens, Hemy Winter Davi->, Dawes, Dewing, Dixon,
Donnelly, Drigg*, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Fainsvvorth,
Fenton, Frank, Gooch, Giimiell, Hale, Higb.v, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kel-
logg, Oriando Kellogg, Loan. Longyear, Lovcjoy, Marvin,
MeBride, McCluig, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Norton, Chailes O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pilce,
pricc, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John II
Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon,
Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spalding, Stevens, Thajer,
Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhti B. VVashburne, Wilh.uu
B. Washbnrn, Whalcy,'Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wm-
dom, and Woodbridge—87.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Brook*, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Coffroth,
Dawson, Dcnnison, Eden, Edsierton, Eldridge, Finck,
Ganson, Grider, Ilall, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris,
Herrick, Holman, Hutchins, William Johnson, Kernan,
King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Lo Blond, Long, Mnrcy. Mo-v
Alhsler, McDowell, McKimiey, Middleton, William H.
Miller, James R. Moms, Morrison, Nehon, Noble, John
O'Neill, Perry, R.ultoul, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
Rogeis, Ross, Scott, John R. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Ward, Webster,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, and Fer-
nando Wood—63,
So the substitute for the resolution was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the pre-
amble of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following as an amendment to the preamble, upon
which I demand the previous question:
Strike out all after the word " now," in the fourth line,
and insert the following :
Held in rebel prisons, and that this House has witnessed
with approbation the humane, patriotic, and statesmanlike
efforts of the Government for a speedy exchange of all of
said prisoners upon terms honorable, tair, and just: There-
tore bo it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask my colleague to with-
draw his amendment, and allow me to move to
lay the preamble on thetable.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw my amendment, to enable my colleague to
make that motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the preamble
on the table. It seems that gentlemen want to
, recognize the confederate States.
Mr..MILLER, of Pennsylvania. 1
the yeas and nays on the motion,of the ge&tie-
man from Illinois. • v --
The yeas and nays were ordered* , i
Mr. FENTON,. 1 desire to inquire wj&tftgr
the effect of laying the preamble oncth&table
will not be to carry the resolution with it* ;
The SPEAKER. It will not. Thepre&mble is
not covercd by the previous questioivwhieh was
ordered on the passage of the resolution,; but.it
is subject to a separate demand far the previous
question. m •
The question.was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,'AY-
nold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell, Biandegee, Bioomall, Ambrose W. Clark,Free-
man Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes,
Dixon, Donnelly, Diigg*-, Dumont, Eliot, Farnsworth,Fen-
ton, Frank, Garfield, Grinnell, Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Ilubbard", John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Loan, Long-
year, Lovojoy, Marvin, Mc Bride, McClurg, Mcliuloe,
Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Leon-
ard Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Bike,
Price, William II. Randall, John H. Nice, Edward U-ltril-
lins, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smither*, Spald-
ing, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Van Valkenburgh, JGliliu
B. VVashburne, William B. Washburn, Wehster, Whaiey,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Windom—79.
NAYS—-Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus'®.
Bajdwm, Brooks, James S. Brown, Coft'ioth, Dawson, Den-
ni&on,Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, finck, Grider, Hall, Hard-
ing, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Hams, Hol-
man, Hutchins, Philip Johnson, WiJliam Johnson, iKemah,
King, Knapp, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, McAllister, Mc-
Dowell, MclCmney, Middlcton. William H. MilJpr, James
K. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, Perry, itadl'oid, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Ross, Scott,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart,
Ward, Chillon A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, and
Fernando Wood—53.
So the preamble wa£ laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. J. C. ALLEN stated that his colleague,
Mr. W. J. Allen, was confined to his room "by
sickncss.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; \yhich was read,considered,
and ngieed to;
llesolved, That.the President ofthe United States be, and
he ih heieby, requested to furnish to Congress, at his ear-
liest convenience, if compatible, in his opinion, with the
public interest, all the official information and correspond-
ence which he may have received respecting the cgctoii«>ion
of the southwest branch of the Pacific railroad, as a war
measure, as well as any order he may have made respecting
the same, and the causes of revoking-said order.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Fenton in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the joiht
resolution to supply, in part, deficiencies for public
printing, &c. *
The joint resolution was rend. It appropriates
$50,000 to supply deficiencies* in part, in the ap-
propriation for public printing, and $20,000,000
for the payment of bounties, advance pay, and
premiums, for soldiers volunteering or enlisting
in the service of the United States.
The joint resolution was read by clauses for
amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I trust the gentleman from
Pennsylvania and this House w'jII excuse me if,
not having been m this House for some years past,
and being somewhat startled by these appropri-
ations of millions and millions, I inquire of him
whether this $20,000,000 of bounties is in theesti-
mates either of the Secretary of War or of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. The Secretary of War
reports that there has been already deposited in
the Treasury, or in the hands of provost mar-
shals, subject to his order, $10,000,000, to which
$2,000,000 has since been -added, making in all
$12,000,000. And here is an appropriation of
$20,000,000 more. I doubt not that it is all cor-
rect, and 1 mean to throw no obstacle whatsoever
in the way of the appropriations which the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means re*
ports from his committee. But, for my own in-
struction and the instruction of the House,guided,
as 1 intend to be, by the estimates of the War
Department and of the Treasury Department, I
