2094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
this evil so graphic and so perfectly expressive of
my sentiments, that 1 adopt it as my own on this
occasion:
" The man who turns to combat error needs the assur-
ance of the true instincts of his race, for he enters on a
task that mast seem hopeless often.
"'Truth crushed to earth will rise again;'
so Mr. Bryant tells him, and he is much obliged to Mr.
ISryant. But will not error do just the same? He killed
a He yesterday ami buried it decently. He finds it alive
again and prosperous to-day. Cut a man's head off and he
dies. There is no help for it unless he is a St. Denis, and
then he can only take a walk with his head in his hand.
But, if he is not a St. Denis, he dies. That is the law.
Cut the head off a lie it does not die at all. It rather seems
to enjoy the operation. You will meet it like fifty St.
Denises, on every morning during your lifetime. They
have a marvelous vitality. I meet lies every'day that, to
my certain knowledge,-were put to death a bundled years
ago, by master hands at the business, too. They ought, in
decency at least, to look like pale ghosts { revisiting the
'glimpses of the moon,' but they don't. They are snug, com-
lortable,and somewhat portly, as fiom good solid living.
"Now,iliU is discouraging, somewhat. Butthoie is no
good in shutting one's eyes to the fact. That is what f am
going against. It is best to know that lies die hard. They
will bear at least as many killings as a cat, and that Is nine!
Still, much depends on the manner of the operation. How
is it best performed? Knowledge is needed in alt pursuits.
There is a science undoubtedly in killing lies. If you wish
to go into the business, and I trust most honest men do,
>ou need to study it somewhat. Otherwise vou will waste
much effort and get few results. It is not easy to kill one
wolf with asuck, but call science to your aid, and an ounce
of strychnine well administered will do the business for a
pack. Instead of going into a rough-and-tumble light with
some coarse, rude, vile Jie, and mauling it to death''by sheer
lorce of muscle, it is better to n^e science, and put it to
death neatly, cleanly, and delicately, with unsoiled hands.
Let us see if we can find the science of killing lies."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not know whether I
have succeeded in killing this lie to-day or not. I
have, however, broughtall the science of which I
am muster—the science oftruth—to bear upon it.
If it lives after this it will at least be hooted as a
guilty, felonious thing by .all honest men. It may
travel hereafter, but it will be with a crippled gait
and wearing the brand of a condemned thief. It
can no longer harm John G. Davis and Delana
R. Eckels. It may sully and stain those who
hereafter attempt to introduce it into respectable
company.
Inasmuch, sir, as I understand that it is the pur-
pose of the gentleman from Ohio to retract the
charge he has made if the evidence should appear
sufficient to his mind, I have endeavored to refrain
from all remarks of a character personally offens-
ive, and have only indulged in such reflections as
necessarily and inevitably arise out of the nature
of this transaction arid his peculiar and prominent
connection with it.
I will now yield the floor to him that lie may
take such a course as justice and right may seem
to demand at his hands, reserving the privilege of
resuming the floor upon his conclusion if I desire
to do so.
Mr. GARFIELD. A few days since, in con-
versation with the gentleman who has just taken
his seat, on its being intimated to me by him, and
also having seen it alleged in the public prints, that
the letters in question were forged, made in the
city of Indianapolis, I told him then anil I still
say that I should prefer, if it be proved that those
letters were forged, to make a statement myself
in vindication of the parties against whom the
charges were made. I regret that the gentifman
did not show mo his evidence before he made his
remarks.
Nevertheless, I ask the attention of the House
for a few moments to some points which have
been made in the remarks just submitted. I had
not up to the moment of the gentleman's sneak-
ing hoard that Judge Eckels had made any denial
whatever. The only denial which had come to
my ear wafe that of Davis, which -was read to the
House nearly a week ago.
According to the rules of evidence, the gentle-
man says, I should have proved the substance of
what I have produced here as if before a court of
justice, f wish to remind the gentleman that
this is not a court of justice, and that we are not,
in the conclusions to which as members of this
Congress we are expected to come, required to pro-
ceed in the manner of deliberations customary in '
courts of justice. Nor do the evidences sub-
mitted to our minds need to be of that character
before we form an opinion and act upon them. ,
I did not pretend then, I do not pretend now, nor !
have i ever pretended that I had evidence in my i
possession on which before a court of justice I
could have established the truth and genuineness
of those letters, and I am willing to hear any
evidence in proof that they are forgeries.
Allow me to say a woid more in reference to
the letters themselves. Before placed in my hands
they were delivered at Nashville to the chief of
Army police of the army of the Cumberland, and
examined by him. The person named in the let-
ters, and who delivered them to the chief of police
of the Army, was placed under his oath, and cer-
tified copies of the letters were made on the books
of the police department, and he testified that they
were genuine letters. He then came forward to
the front nearlya hundred miles, where we were,
and submitted the letters to the general command-
ing the army and to myself. After deliberation,
after calling upon to. number of individual officers
who were familiar with the writing of the gentle-
men from whom the letters purported to come,
the unanimous conclusion ofihe officers at head-
quarters was that the evidence of the genuineness
of the letters was satisfactory. I made the tracing
as I stated when this matter was last before the
House, and I have here my private letter book in
which I made these tracings. The gentleman is
at liberty to examine it at any time he chooses.
It may be that it may furnish a clue to the ori-
ginal handwriting. If it does I shall be glad.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman allow
me to look at it now?  
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly. I have before
me a letter from the chief of police of the army
of the Cumberland, in which he also states that
these letters were thus copied on his official rec-
ords in his books, and certified to by the person
bringing them as genuine.
Gentlemen-will see at a glance the propriety of
sending the originals through the lines, and not
copies; for any copies we might make, if these
letters were really genuine, would of course be of
no avail to the party carrying them, but would
subject him to extreme personal danger. It does
not amount to anything, therefore, that the sup-
posed writers of these letters say in such a defiant
tone, " Demand of General Garfield toprdouce
the originals." it is a very modest demand, in-
deed, after I have stated publicly that the ou^m-
als were not in my possession, and had given the
best possible reason why they were not. No one
could expect me to produce the originals, unless,
perchance, the party himself had returned through
the lines and retained them, which is very im-
probable, as he would doubtless deliver them to
the officer to whom they were addressed.
Such were the evidences which I deemed en-
tirely sufficient for my action in this House; but
I never at any time deemed it sufficient evidence
to establish the fact before a court of justice.
Now, sir, what answer lias been made by the
gentleman from Indiana? He answers, in the
first place, by reading a printed letter in a journal
published in Indiana, which journal I have in my
hand, arid that is called evidence on which we
ate to believe that these letters were forged in the
city of Indianapolis. I ask the gentleman why
he did not produce the original letter of Mr.
Hays? Perhaps he has it.
Mr. VOORHEES. The paper containing the
letter of Mr. Hays was forwarded to me with a
letter from the editor stating that it had been ob-
tained and published. I have not the manuscript;
it was put in the printers' hands. But the gen-
tleman from Ohio will allow me to settle that
question. I have here the statement ofMr. Hyde,
who says:
It is also within niypeisonal knowledge that the let-
ters ot introduction purposing to have beon wiitten by
John G. Davis and i). II. Eckels, m July, 1863, to John U.
Bteokinridge, recommending one Rankin to his confidence,
are forgoues, and that they were wiitten as stated in the
published statement of Mr. Ilavs m the Fnchnnapolis Daily
Sentinel". A. R. HYDJ2,
Proprietor of Little's Hotel,
Indianapolis, Indiana.
Mr. GARFIELD. It struck me as a little re-
markable that the affidavit of the gentleman who
saw these letters forged should not have itself been
sent here; but that m place of it a printed state-
ments a political journal should be read as evi-
dence, together with a letter, purporting to bean
original letter of another party, vouching for the
general and special truth fulnessof thisgentleman
whose printed letter appears before us. It must
of course go to the House for what it is worth.
I*shall be very glad, on seeing the original affi-
davit made by this party thus vouched for, to be-
lieve that the statements thus made are correct,
and that I myself, together with all the officers at
the headquarters of the army of the Cumberland,
were deceived. But I must have metre than news-
paper evidence.
The gentleman has said it is morally impossi-
ble that Mr. John G. Davis and Judge Eckels
could have written such letters to such a man for
such a purpose. If there is any one evidence
which has been to my mind stronger than all
others from the beginning of this matter and now,
it is the moral evidence that the letters were not
forgeries, in this: here was a young man who
knew very well from his acquaintance with the
parties that they were personally known to Gen-
eral Breckinridge,and yet he proposed to stake his
life on these papers as a pass for him through the
rebel lines and inside the rebel camps. I ask if
it is reasonable that this young man, intelligent
as he evidently was, would dare to risk his life in
presenting a forged paper to a man who very well
knew the signatures of the gentlemen whose names
were subscribed? A man might attempt some-
thing of that kind for a temporary gain in which
life was not involved, but it seemed to me the fact
that that young man was entirely willing to risk
his life in that manner was the best proof of his
sincerity. It seemed to me the very strongest
moral evidence possible that he had faith in the
genuineness of these documents. And in addition
to that, what need was there that he should have
certified on the official bo6ks of the police of the
department that they were genuine letters? What
need was there that he should have concealed from
his associates the character of these letters if they
were really forgeries? With all the terrible con-
sequences to himself before him he went into the
enemy's country with those letters as Iris pass-
ports. He could have gone through the lines
without them; and they could only have been val-
uable to him by being genuine. On any other
basis his act is not easily explained, for it would
lack the usual motives that govern men.
Mr. Speaker, there is another fact. lie would
not have dared to s;o with those letters, even if
they had been genuine, had he notknown the char-
acter of the men who were the alleged authors.
He would not have taken a letter from you, Mr.
Speaker, and gone through the lines to present
it as a passport to high favor in the southern
army. He would not have tnlcfcn a letter from
the distinguished Governor of your State for any
such purpose. He would not have taken it from
any man whom he did not know to bo in full fel-
lowship and sympathy with the people of the
South and with their army. He was, to say the
least, wise in his selection of parties, if lie designed
to commit a forgery. Even one of the affidavits
that has been here read by the gentleman [Mr.
Voorhees] certifies that these two gentlemen
have no sympathy whatever with the Adminis-
tration in its conduct of the war, or with the war
itself. That much, at least, has been developed,
that these highly distinguished and worthy gen-
tlemen, constituents of the gentleman from In-
diana, are totally averse to the warand its objects.
These facts, in themselves, are very strong ones.
These letters were not produced by me from
any deliberate purpose of accusation against any
party or set of men. In the midst of a debate
which it seemed to me was a crisis of our condi-
tion as a nation; in the midst of a debate when
it seemed to me that all along the lines of the
Union Army and among the people there were
traitors arising, it seemed to me at that moment
that these letters! formed only one link in the great
chain of evidence, and I threw them in for the
purpose of apprising the country of what was
going forward, not from any personal attack on
any man or set of men. 1 never heard of the
two gentlemen in question until the letters were
brought to me; and 1 only knew of them then
through the letters and through Indiana officers
in the Army.
Throughout the army of the Cumberland these
two gentlemen are believed to have been in sym-
pathy and correspondence with the rebels. I am
told that the same belief has long been shared by
their fellow-citizens at home. If the gentleman
[Mr. Vooitnees] proves to the country that they
