1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
but he cannot remedy the evil of which he com-
plains by the method he proposes. The same
difficulty arises in regard to al! officers having the
franking privilege as exists in regard to the Pres-
ident and Vice President. Every member's ta-
ble groans with documents and letters and essays
on every conceivable subject in the world which
a member or the country has any possible interest
in, to a much greater extent probably than exists
m the case of the President and Vice President.
Now, sir, if a remedy is necessary in this matter
let us strike at the rootof the evil,if it be an evil,
the franking privilege.
Mr. IvAlSSON. The gentleman from Illinois
wiil allow me a word. Jn the original draft of
the bill it was provided that communications to
members of Congress should be liable to the usual
rates of postage; but it was deemed proper, I
think on'the niotiomof the gentleman from the
Galena district of Illinois, [Mr. "Wasiiburne,]
that •inasmuch as memheis of Congress repre-
sented the people, they should not be restricted
in the manner proposed; and that feature was
stricken out from the original bill; and I have no
objection, because it is proper that the relations
of members of Congress with the people should
be continuous as far as possible.
Mr. NORTON. I have but a word to say in
reply to the gentleman from Iowa. He says that
an exception is made in favor of members of Con-
gress because they are the immediate repiesent-
atives of the people. Now, sir, does notthe Pres-
ident of the United States come as directly from
the people as members of Congress, and is he less
likely to be overburdened with correspondence
than members of Congress are? Myown notion
is that you should either take away altogether
the franking privilege or else make documents
going fiom and coming to members of Congiess
go fiee. There has been very great misunder-
standing in the country about this very business.
There should be one rule for all peisons having
the franking privilege and allowed to send docu-
ments free of postage. Any other rule can only
create confusion.
I am myself in favor of doing away completely
and entirely wtth the franking privilege, requiring
members of Congress and everybody else to pay
for the communications they send or receive.
But if that is not done, what I wish is that the
uile shall be equal throughout.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois, t suggest
that the bill be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, that they may ma-
ture if.
Mr. ALLEY. I did not suppose that this bill
would elicit any discussion. 1 thought that it
would take but a minute or two to pass the bill,
or 1 should not have asked the indulgence of the
House at this time. 1 understand the law pre-
cisely as does the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Kassojj,] and I think there is a great deal of force
in !ns suggestions, hut nevertheless 1 understand
that the parties in interest desire that this bill
shall pass, as the law as it now stands subjects
them to onerous taxation, to which they ought
not to he subjected, if, as they suppose, it was
the intention of Congiess to give them the same
privilege wluch they themselves enjoy. I do not
think there is any necessity for a refei once of the
Lull to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, inasmuch as it has been fully considered
by the Senate committee, and passed the {Senate
unanimously and is now fully understood by the
House. I therefore mo\e the piev*ous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
The bill was then ordeied to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the thitd time, and
passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to iccousider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed vk
MUJiDKK OF C.WTAIX HEED.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous consent oi the tlouse to oiler the tol-
iowms: resolution:
JtcoheJ. That the Secretaiy of W?i be requested to m-
Hiuei the commander of the .Middle depamnent to order
the commanding otliuji ot ih>' comities ol Accomac and
Northampton on tho Ka^tem Shore oi Virginia to at once
institute mourns concerning the minder of Captain Tuo-
ociorc KppcI. who raided m the city of Philadelphia, and
who, on the morninsjofMarch 3, was .shot In Tangier sound,
Chesapeake bay, by pirates.
Mr. STEVENS objected. *
LAKE SUPJ3KIOR AND MISSISSIPPI IlAILB-OAD.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my objection to the
taking up of Senate bill No. 31, making a grant
of lands to .the Lake Superior and Mississippi
Railroad Company, in the State of Minnesota, to
aid in the construction of the railroad of said com-
pany from St. Paul to Lake Superior.
There being no further objection, the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
DIS11ESPECT TO A DEAD SOLDIER.
Mr. HARRINGTON, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas on the morning of the 12th of March, 1864, the
remains of ;i deceased vctetan eoldier of a Pennsylvania
i esurient were found in the canal in the city of Washington,
District ot Columbia, and weic before eight o'clock a. in.
ot that day removed ftom the mud and water to the hank
of the eamil, and about one handled feet from the corner
of Third street and-Missouu avenue, and in plain view of
passeisby; and whereas the face and breast of the coipse
were covoied ovei with a dirtv and lagged straw mat;
and wheieas a coioner's inquest w;w held on the body oil
the morning of the same day; and whereas the body of
the deceased was left lyins in that condition, in the sun,
unvvatched, uucoveied, ami liable to mutilation, all of that
day mid until after mailt:
iic$olve<1} That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia are dnected to mquiie and report to this House who is
responsible lor thn gross neglect and horrid indecency to-
waid the remains of a deceased soldier.
ASSAY OFFICES IN IDAHO AND OREGON,
Mr. MORRILL asked unanimous consent to
report from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill to establish an assay office at Carson City,
Nevada Territory, and an assay office at Port-
land , OrcgTm.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. The bill makes no appro-
priation; but provides that, in lieu of the mints
already provided by law, they shall be converted
into assay offices.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As this is
legislation in the right direction, I withdraw my
objection.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
COMPENSATION TO A CONTESTANT.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported back with an amendment in the
nature ot a substitute a resolution for the payment
of mileage and compensation to John S. Sleeper,
contestant of the seat of Mr. Rice, of Massachu-
setts.
The substitute was reported, as follows:
llcsolved, That there be paid out ot the contingent fund
ol the House r<> John S. Sh-epcr, who has been contesting
the lmln ot Ahwander H. iliee to a scat in thi^ liou^e as
Kepie^rntative hum the thud eor.L'iebiional district ot Mav
pacliUM tN. £750 in full l<n all the time spent and e.\pon-jes
incuired ni pio^eeuting said contest.
Mr. MALLORY. la the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts about to call the previous question?
Mr. DAWES. I proposed to do it. i will hold
the fioor for that purpose.
Mi. MALLORY. i would like the gentleman
from Massachusetts to permit me to offer an
! amendment to the resolution.
Mr^DAWES. 1 will state to the House the
reasons that have induced the committee to make
this report. The committee has been of opinion,
and is still, that unless a contestant presents a case
which to the mind of the committee contains rea-
sonable ground for prosecuting his claim, it would
not be justified in recommending any compensa-
tion to be made. In the present case the majority
of the committee was ofoijnion that Mr. Sleeper
was justified m presenting the case for a hearing
before the House, inasmuch as his claim depended
on a result which had been already deelaied in
open town meeting to be the hue lesult. The
committee entertained no doubt that there was a
mistake; yet it had been so deelaied according to
the formalities of law. "Whether the tact were
absolutely so or not depended, to some extent,
on the testimony of a single witness—the clerk of
the ward. Besides, there were opportunities for
that clerk to have tampered with the ballots, al-
though there was no testimony to that effect, and
no occasion to suspect it at all." Yet it wasa.case -
of a novel character, both in the State where: it
occurred and here, and the' committee believed
that Mr. Sleeper was entirely honest and in good
faith in his action. The majority of the com-
mittee felt that it was a case fairly presented.to
the committee and fairly presented to the-House,
and that therefore it was one coming within the
rule which, they felt, ought to be adopted.
Then the question occurred, how much should
he be entitled to? Under the old syste/n, while
members of Congress were paid a per diem for thfe
time they were in session, it was customary to
allow contestants that per diem during th* time
they were contesting seats. That mode of com-
pensation having been changed, and a salary of
$250 per month allowed, the committee was of
opinion that it would be fair to allow Mr. Sleeper
that sum during the time he was contesting the
seat, namely, from the lstof Decemberto the 1st
of March, when the report was made.
The resolution presented by thegentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] taken in accordance
with the wording of it, would entitle Mr. Sleeper
to the whole salary of a member of Congress for
two years, as wellas to mileage. The committee
did not suppose that thegentleman from Kentucky
intended any such construction to be given to his
resolution. Nor did the committee suppose that
the gentleman from Kentucky intended to cause
Mr. Sleeper to be paid $250 a month from the 4th
of March to December, but only during the time
he was here prosecuting his claims.
Mr. STEVENS. If I recollect this case, it
depended altogether upon an error in the first
count, which was corrected before the certificate
was made out. It does strike me, under the state-
ment of my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] that this was one of the boldest efforts
to secure a seat upon this floor 1 ever saw prose-
cuted . Mr. Sleeper, the contestant, ought to know
that he had no claim to a seat upon yhis floor,
and 1 hope that no one will vote for this resolu-
tion.
Mr. MALLORY. I have nothad the pleasure
of hearing one word which fell from the lips of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens ,]
whose remarks generally influence me as a mem-
ber of Congress. If I had heard them they might
have had a decided effect upon my action. But the
misfortune under which I labor will force me to
confine myself to the remarks of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] 1 feel great
pleasure in saying that however much I may have
erred in introducing the resolution, against which
he has indulged in severe stiictures, I wiil yield
to the correction he has made. I will say, as I
have often said before, that I agree in the pro-
priety of the remarks he has submitted on this
subject, and 1 am willing to accept the report
of the Committee of Elections, so far as I have
anything to do with the matter, provided the gen-
tleman will let me move an amendment increas-
ing the sum to about one thousand dollars, which
wiil pay the contestant about two hundred and
fifty dollars a month, or eight dollars per diem
during the three months of the session, and allow
him -mileage in traveling to and from Boston while
conducting this contest.
I agree with thegentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] that this is one of the cases that
ought to have been presented to the House. I
have never known better ground for a contest
made out than that made out by the contestant m
this case—than that made out by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, Mr. Sleeper, who contested
the seat of my fiicnd from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Rice,] whose seat,l must be allowed to say from
my peisonal knowledge of thatgentleman, I hope
will be filled by him for a long time and for many
Congresses to come. If thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, I will move to amend
the resolution so as to allow Mr. Sleeper $3,000.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield for that purpose?
Mr. DAWES. Not now.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say, in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
that u is true this whole contest arose out of a
! mistake in the count. The only question wasin
j reference to the accuracy of the count and how
;j the fact was proved. It was proved in two ways,
ji as my friend will recollect. One was entirely
i! conclusive upon the papers themselves. There
