1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2095'
wore not, lie will not merely disabuse the public
mind of what I have here said, but will do a far
greaterservice to his two friends by disabusing the
army of the West of the opinion which it lias enter-
tained from many mouths, i yesterday received
a letter from General Rosecians in which he ex-
pressed Iris full belief in the genuineness of these
letters. I say this to show that I was not alone
in my belief in this matter, and that I did not act
without strong corroborating evidence. In con-
clusion, I will Ray that the exculpating evidence
just presented" by the gentleman, [Mr.Voorhees,]
coming, as it does, through the newspaper press
and not by the original written affidavits of the par-
ties, the letters have notbeen, to my mind, proved
forgeries. If they were I have no pride of opin-
ion that would keep me for one moment from re-
tracting what I had uttered in the House. But
I desire first to see the original affidavits.
I take no pleasure in personal or party accu-
sations; and it will not be a matter of regret to
me, but rather of pleasure, if these men be proved
free of the charges. But I am unwilling, except
on the fullest evidence, to believe that a generous
and patriotic young man, engaged in a most peril-
ous and difficult enterprise in the service of his
country, has done that which would greatly in-
crease his peril and tarnish an otherwise spotless
name. ,It is. a matter of painful regret to me that
his name has been made public in this connec-
tion. It was done without my knowledge, and
by some unfortunate mistake. I have, however,
taken means which I hope will be effectual to
shield him from personal hai m if lie is still alive.
He has not been heard from since the battle of
Chickamauga, and his friends suppose him to be
dead. There may yet be further developments
in this matter. No one can be more willing than
myself to know and declare the whole truth in
the case.
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentleman
from Indiana has expired.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask the consent of the
House for a few moments—not over five or ten
minutes.
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I had sup-
posed that when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] was put in possession of the inform-
ation which I have laid before the House he would
have graccfully and ingenuously retracted the
statement which he made against these men. I
had no doubt of it at all, especially from a con-
versation which he sought and had with me on
this subject; and I do candidly think that if he
is-not convinced in his mind that the letters are
forgeries he is the only man in the House who is
not so convinced.
He speaks of articles published in the news-
papers. I have produced but one such, the state-
ment of Mr. Hays, and I have accompanied it
with a manuscript statement of the proprietor of
the hotel in which he is clerk certifying to the
character of Mr. Hays, and further certifying
that every fact contained in his statement as pub-
lished in the Sentinel is true to his own personal
knowledge.
Now, upon the subject of handwriting. The
gentleman has submitted his book containing the
copy of this forged letter, and I now ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Robinson,] who is in-
timately acquainted with John G. Davis and with
his handwriting, to state whether he has examined
that letter, and whether it bears any similarity to
the handwriting of Mr. Davis.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have seen Mr. Davis write
a great number of times, have received a great
many letters from him, and there is no similarity
in the handwriting of the letter in this book to the
handwriting of Mr. Davis—none whatever, that
I can discover. There may be a very slight sim-
ilarity in the signature, but upon looking over the
body of the letter, it is as unlike the writing of
John G. Davis as one man can write unlike an-
other. Mr. Davis writes a round, bold handjUt-
terly dissimilar to that of this letter in every re-
spect.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will now ask Judge Hol-
man, if he is in the House, whether he has ex-
amined that letter, and whether it bears any re-
semblance to the handwriting of Mr. Davis. I
am told that my colleague is not in the Hall.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have submitted my proofs
on this question of forgery. I shall bid it fuie-
well, perhaps forever, leaving the House and the
public to form their own judgment of the suffi-
ciency of the evidence which I have presented.
I confess to a feeling of disappointment with the
course pursued by the gentleman from Ohio. He
says he is not yet convinced that these letters are
forgeries. I apprehend the House as well as the
country are convinted of that fact, as even the
entire newspaper press of his own party in the
western country, so far as 1 have seen, admit that
they are palpable forgeries.
And now, sir, in view of the course of the gentle-
man from Ohio, I am constrained .to say what I
regret, for I did not wish to utter anything per-
sonally offensive, that hereafter whoever under-
takes to hold up this exploded calumny, this de-
testable forgery as genuine, whether the gentleman
from Ohio, or any one else, he, will wear the brand
of a forger and calumniator himself. That isall
I have to say.
REBELLIOUS STATES.
The House then resumed,asa special order, the
consideration ^of the bill(H. R. No. 244) to guar-
anty to certain States whose governments have
been usurped or overthrown a republican form of
government, on which Mr. Cox was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, my heart's desire
and prayer to God is for peace and union to this
distracted land. While urging undiminished and
increased exertions by our Army and Navy to
secure union, I have been ever ready to heal the
wounds and check the ravages of war by all ra-
tional methods used among civilized nations. To
those who can entertain but one idea at a time this
position has seemed inconsistent; but to those
who have read history it will appear that war is
made for peace, and that to consummate peace in
the midst of war, and to restore harmony in civil
or international conflict, negotiation and friendli-
ness are indispensable.
During the long and ansAbus years I have
served here—from almost a youth to almost mid-
dle age—I have never failed to warn against the
great crisis of force which came in 1861. These
auguries have been unhappily too fully fulfilled.
What could be done by an humble Representative
to avert this strife, that 1 did. My constituents
know this; and I might be content to leave this
arena, conscious of their approbation for duty
done. Since this war began I have sought but
found no placc for compromise in the dominant
party. Hence I have mournfully though con-
stantly, by vote and voice, upheld the sword, lest
even a worse alternative—eternal separation and
prolonged strife—should be our fate. The mis-
eries which this war has entailed have not been
the work of the northern Democracy; and if dis-
union comes through the open doors of Janus,
if recognition of southern independence comes
through war or its disasters, the Democracy are
not responsible for the odium, and with my word
and aid shall never be held responsible. Those
who are swift to recognize southern independence
may do so; but by all the memories of our con-
flicts with secession and abolition, I will never,
never be counted among those who have aided
in the dismemberment of the Republic.
Would th^t I could see in our present policy a
gleam of hope for our future. How gladly would
I hail it! But until that policy is reversed all our
future is shrouded. Like my distinguished fiiend
from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] whose dirge-like
speech still haunts my memoi y, I see in the contin-
uance of the present misrule only the throes of this
giant nation, writhing in the despair of dissolution.
The bloody sweat, the feverish pulse, the deliri-
ous raving, and the muscular agony go before
that prostration which " Death, the skeleton,and
Time, the shadow," have consummated for all
republics which have, in evil hours, yielded the
scepter of the people to the grasp of passion and
the greed of power. The eloquentrequiem which
my friend pronounced, sounding like the waii of
the bereaved among the tombs of the dead, should,
if heeded, teach us, before too late, how beyond
all price is the boon whichis passing from us for- .
ever. He finds hope in autumn, for the spring will
bring its bloom; hope in the storm, for the cloud
will pass and the sun shine again; but no hope
in the grave of our Republic—none, none for our
dying Republic. Mr. Speaker, sadly as his
thoughts have impressed me, f can yot sorm.-
hope for our nation; for I believe in the success
ofDemocracy the immortality ofciviJizatioo,.and
the grace of the Christian religion. While to him
the future is black with a pall, i look beyond his
prospect of the hearse and the tomb, the mourn-
ers and the darkened window, to the resurrection!
The grave shall lose its sting and death its vic-
tory. The mourner shall be comforted. The
light of a better dawn shall enter into the dark-
ened chamber. I, too,go to holy writ as he did,
but I go for the purpose of cheer and not of de-
spondency, for I read there that "good tidings shall
bind tip the broken-hearted, and to them that moum
in Zion>give imto them beauty for ashes, and the oil
of joy for mourning, and the garment of praise for
heavinessnd they shall build the old wastes>
they shall raise up the former desolations, as the earth
bringeth forth her bud, and the garden causeth things
that are sown in it to spring forth.>f '4 Go through,
go through the gales, prepare ye the xoay of the peo-
ple; cast up, cast up the highway; lift up a standard-
for the People."
Sir, that standard for the people shall be high
advanced I My friend himself will bear it to the
West. In the honest yeomanry of the Missis-
sippi valley, and in the eternal'principles of con-
stitutional Democracy and regulated freedom,do
I read a more cheering horoscope! I will not, do
not, and cannot despair. I would rather die in
my simple faith in popular intelligence and repub-
lican institutions than yield my heart to the sad-
ness which freights each passing hour with its
gloom. There is one hope left. If the bayonet
shall be unfixed at our polls, if no persuasive ap-
pliances of money shall attaint an honest election,
I do notdespair of a verdict in favor of that party
whose principles I have loved for their national
^history and unsectional spirit.
Fond as I am of historic research, I cannot fol-
low my friend in mourning over the dust of de-
parted empire. I read in the decline and fall of
republican governments lessons of wisdom and
hope for our own guidance. In the remarks which
I shall submit I propose to show from history
how statesmanship has saved the falling columns
of constitutional liberty, how the victories of war
have been crowned by the more renowned, im-
portant, and difficult victories of peace, and how
allegiance has been rekindled by the sweet breath
of kindness fanning the almost dyipg embers of
patriotism.
This may seem like a thankless and useless
task, in view of the convulsions and prejudices
of the hour, but the issue to be presented next
November demands such an exposition. That
issue is, shall freedom, peace, and Union be re-
stored by a change of rulers and policy, or shall
we set aside the teachings of the past, and permit
the work of disintegration and ruin to go on ?
The Executive has proposed an amnesty. I
would not turn away from its contemplation. As
each day may offer the chance of conciliation, I
welcome any sign of pcace, though the bow of
promise be dim and unsubstantial, and though it
be wreathed over the very cataract of our national
doom I
The message of the President should be wel-
comed, not so much for what it is as for what it
pretends to be. It is his first adventure beyond
the line of force into the field of conciliation". As
his former policy showed a will to change and
crush civil relations by the iron hand, so the
present policy is but its continuance; for he only-
draws over the mailed hand a silken though
transparent glove. His plan is the will of the
commander, while pretending to be the wisdom
of the civilian. The war power, as illustrated by
the Administration, has no more foundation in
our Government than this peace power, assuming
to pardon crime without conviction, and revivify
dead States which are indestructible. But duty
demands a thorough sifting of this pretentious
amnesty. The Democratic party have worn the
stigma, as it has been deemed, of leaning too
much toward conciliation. Our gravest fault has
been that we are suspected somewhat of having
read the Sermon on the Mount, and that we have
believed in the gentleness and effectiveness of our
religion. Even such Democrats as have favored
the superaddition of clemency to the enginery of
war as a means of reuniou have been ostracized,
while those who have found no elements of union
save m affection without coercion have been im-
pnsum-d and exiled. It would be ungracious in
