1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15.
Was. another which arose from a recount of the
ballots seven days after the election- That de-
pended entirely upon whether the ballots were
correctly kept. They were kept by the clerk of
the ward. They were recounted by the ward
officers, three of'one political party and four of
the other. On that recount it was proved that the
statement made in the ward meeting was an error.
Mr. STEVENS. Was not that recount made
within the time allowed by law, and did not the
Governor act on that certificate?
Mr. DAWES. Most certainly the recount
was made in the time specified by law. The mat-
' ter was referred to the Governor and Council, and
they awarded jLo Mr. Rice the certificate. The
Committee of Elections were, I believe, unan-
imous that the recount was properly done. The
only point is whether Mr. Sleeper was justified in
bringing the matter before the House. I accord
to Mr. Sleeper entire honesty of conviction. 1
take pleasure in saying that I have known him
a great while. I have been associated with him
in many ways, and I have entire respect for his
character as an honest, truthful, sagacious man.
Still I could not understand why he presented this
claim. He or his friends presented the claim.
Theysaid that an amended return controlling the
result ofan election, depending upon the truth and
honesty of a singleindividual, was such a ease as
ought to be presented to the House. That was
precisely the position taken.
I wish to say that while the Committee of Elec-
tions have no disposition to encourage contests,
and have no occasion to do so, and while they are
disposed to say so when a ease comes before them
which they think has no merits in it at all, they
are not disposed to say there shall be no such
thing as a contest; for there are cases where a
contest tends to purify and purge the ballot-box,
and secure honesty in elections. And unless the
House thinks this is one of those cases, they
ought not to vote this compensation. I have done
my duty in reporting this u*solution to the House,
ns 1 was instructed to do by a majority of the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL. Unless the House will make
an example of some clear case like this, I think
we shall continue to offer rewards and premiums
for entirely unfounded contested-election eases
before this House.
Now, sir, what are the facts in this case ? All
the parties in Boston were unanimously of opin-
ion that the contestant had no chum whatever to
a sent in this House; and when the case came
before the House for action, not a single man
upon cither side of the House asked for the yeas
and nays, and so far as this House is concerned
they recorded a unanimous verdict against his
claim. I am not disposed to impeach the high
character of the gentleman at all, but I do suy
there is no man that could found a claim for even
five dollars on a pretense that he comes here
claiming a seat under these circumstances with-
out uttoily discrediting himself.
Under such circumstances 1 think it will be a
fit example set by the House if they refuse to pay
even one cent for mileage.
Mr. PIKE. I did not hear the remarks made
by the contestant when this ease was before the
House, ami do not know upon what ground he
based Ins claim. Now I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether
or not the contestant placed himself upon the
ground that the sitting member did not have a
majority of the votes, or whether he placed his
claim simply upon a technical ground?
Mr. DAWES. I will say that he put his claim
upon both grounds—upon the technical ground
that the declaration in open ward meeting was
conclusive, and then he controverted the honesty
of the recount.
Mr. PIKE. Was there any evidenct, whatever
to sustain that position?
Mr. DAWES. I regret exceedingly that my
distinguished friend from Maine did not hear me
when I worried the House an hour by a consid-
eration of the merits of this case. I cannot re-
peat that speech, but if the Clerk will read it fiom
the Globe, my friend will be answered. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Until my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr, Dawes] concluded his remarks,
J could not conceive upon what possible ground
lie or the committee which he represents sought
to persuade this House, or to suggest to this
House, to make a payment to Mr. Sleeper for his
presence here in making a contest for a seat. He
now puts it upon the ground of his knowledge of
the personal estimable character of that gentle-
man. The contestant had no claim, not the
shadow of a foundation for a claim to a seat here.
Ail depended upon a clerical error. There is
sothing else in the case. Even the gentleman
from Massachusetts himself showed, by a clear
and conclusive argument, that this man had no
claim, and yet he says he should be paid some-
thing because he is a respectable gentleman much
esteemed in Massachusetts, and an inoffensive
and quiet gentleman.
Mr. DA WES. The committee wished to offer
a premium on quietness.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 wonder then that they
have made such an exhibition of a violation of
their own rulein the person of their chairman.
[Laughter.]
Mi\ DAWES. The House is responsible for
that, and not the committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not enjoy the privilege
of a personal acquaintance with this estimable
gentleman, and though I am willing to accord
with my friend that he is just what he lias repre-
sented him, yet I cannot afford, as a member of
this House, to be moved by any such considera-
tion. As 1 look at the case simply as it was
presented, argued, and discussed here, I cannot
refrain from repeating that it is the mostextraor-
dinary case that has ever, within my knowledge
of legislative proceedings concerning contested
elections, been presented to this House. In this
1 entirely concur with my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.]
What was the case? In setting down the votes
taken from time to time and adding &mall lots of
votes, three, live, six, eight,&c., which had pre-
viously byen set down, a mistake was made and
the iiguie " ]" whs mistaken for n "7." Per-
haps 1 do not lecolk-ct the exact number about
which the difference took place and wherein the
eiroi occuned, but 1 remember that the fact was
this: tlmt instead of setting down "672" clearly,
it was set down with such mdefimteness in refer-
ence t« the iiguie " 7" that il was mistaken for
"Git!," and when "(>" came to be added it was
earned foiward as "618." The whole question
belore this House was whether 612 with 6added
to it made 678 instead of G16, and unleos the House
could come lo that conclusion there was not the
slightest shadow of foundation for thssclaim. In
other words, this claim is founded solely and en-
tirely upon a del teal error.
Now, let us go a little further. Upon a revis-
ion of the votes, the ballots themselves having
been put away and pieserved, the mistake was
discovered; and it was so apparent that the whole
difficulty aiose out of a clerical error that, as 1
understand it, the inspectors of elections, a niem-
bei of whom belonged to the same political party
as the contestant himself, concluded that he was
not elected. All the commissioners of election,
whatever their political antecedents, agreed that
there was nothing upon which to rest the claim of
Mr. Sleeper except this clerical error; and that,
coi reeling that enor, Mr. Rice was elected. This
fact was reported to the Governor and Council,
and the Governor and Council in revising there-
turns came unanimously to the same conclusion
as the inspectors of election.
The case then came to this House and was re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and they
wen1, also unanimously of the opinion that there
was nothing in the case except a clerical erroi,
and no other pretext for the claim of the con-
testant.
Well, sir, when the committee reported on the
case, and when the contestant had been heard for
an hour, and had had his time extended so that
lie might be heard fully, there was not a single
one, even of Ills political friends, to call the yeas
and nays upon his claim; but the House by gen-
eral consent disposed of his claim m the moot
summary manner the moment he had concluded
his remarks, and without any reply being made
to his arguments. That is the whole history of
the case.
But we are told that Mr. Sleeper is an amiable,
excellent old gentleman, and that we ought to give
him something. Why, sir, I haveagieat many
amiable and excellent old gentlemen in ray dis-
trict for whom I should like to make some pro-
vision. The chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions will not deny that I have given a succinct
but tiuthful statement of the facts of this case as
presented to the House.
1 will end as I began, by saying that there really
seems to be nothing in this claim excepting that
the claimant,Mr. Sleeper,is an inoffensive, amia-
ble, excellent character, which I do not dispute
at all; but I cannot, on that account, vote him
money out of the Treasury, and therefore I am
compelled to vote against this exceedingly bald
claim, which has nothing to sustain it but acler-
tcal error and impudence.
Mr. MALLORY. I was somewhat surprised
at the remarks which fell from the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] and the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] 1 listened very attentive-
ly to this case when it was presented to the House,
and 1 must be allowed to say that I do not.thinlc
I ever knew a case presented in this House that
involved more doubt or difficulty than this one.
The gentleman from Ohio, in his summary of
the matter, ignores the very facts at the very com-
mencement of the case that are calculated to in-
spire doubt as, to the result. In stating the case
fairly he would have said that this gentleman, the
contestant, on the day the election was held for
member of Congress in that district, was declared
by the proper officers daly elccted member of
Congicss. He would have said that the laws of
Massachusetts make no provision for the safe
keeping of the ballots after they have been counted
on the day of election, and do not authorize any
recount of the ballots at all. He would have said
that after the result of the election being so an-
nounced, these ballots were taken possession of
by a man who had no more right to ihem than the
gentleman from Ohio himself, kept four or five
days by that man in hisiiresponsible possession,
and then recounted without any authority by
him, and without his having informed any person
of his intention to recount these ballots; and he
afterwards denied that he had recounted these bal-
lots. He professes afterwards to have recounted
them and to have found this errop which the gen-
tleman speaks of—that the ballots correctly-
counted, gave Rice a majority over Sleeper. He
repoitcd the facts to the Governor and others, and
they ordered, without authority of law, as I un-
derstand it, a recount of these ballots. A rccount
was had, and Rice was found elected by a small
majority, and not Sleeper. I think the majority
was twenty-five or thirty. Now, I submit to this
House, in the face of this declaration of the facta
as presented in this case, whether the gentleman
from Ohio made a fair or an ex parte exposition
of the case.
Mr. SCHENCK. Perhaps we do not differ
about a matter of fact.
Mr. M ALLOItY. We differ very much about
the statement of those facts. ^
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
tfi the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. MALLORY. I hold the floor by the per-
mission of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
He is therefore to that extent my master.
Mr. DAWES. I am under an engagement to
yield the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. I have not given up the
floor, except my master reclaims it. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Ceilainly not. 1 never could
be guilty of taking the floor from the gentleman
['torn Kentucky. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I am overcome, sir. [Laugh-
ter. J 1 hope, after the remarks that I have made
in which 1 am sustained by the evidence in this
case, that I shall be excused from differing with
the distinguished and learned gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affans, insisting as 1 do that this was a case of
great doubt, that the pretensions of the contestant
weie strong, and that he was not only excusable
in presenting his case'to the House, but that he
was bound to do so by a sense of justice to him-
self and to those whom he regarded as his con-
stituents.
The gentleman from Vermont always opposes
appropriationsofthiskind. 1 expected it from him.
lie would have de-Mornll-ized himself [laugh-
ter] if he had acted otherwise. He is the watch-
dog of the Treasury, and when appropriations
are proposed to be made for the benefit of agri-
