1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
above the mere politician and make some effort,
at least, at statesmanship. I trust they will oc-
cupy a platform that lifts them above the mere
local purlieus, to a position that will enable them
to look North, South, East,and West, to do the
best we can for our whole country, and for all
classes of the people.
1 stand here in no spirit of faction. I do not
care whether I am designated as a Democrat or
as a Copperhead. It should be beneath the dig-
nity of a national legislator to indulge in partisan
epithets. Let us be men, and not slaves to fac-
tion. Let us be patriots, in the true sense of the
term. Let us restore the country to its former
position among the nations of the earth. Let us
act in the best possible manner for the interests of
the people arid for all sections of the country. Let
us show to the potentates of Europe and to-all
foreign Governments that the problem of self-
government is not a failure, that there is still some
wisdom in the national councils of America.
What is the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks?] Here we have a waif
of $10,000,000 of commutation money. It is so
much flotsam.
Here is $10,000,000 of money somewhere, and
why not apply that sum first to raising volunteers
before making the appropriation of $20,000,000?
I am willing to appropriate the $10,000,000 raised
under the conscription act, commonly known as
commutatioft money, because the act provides that
that money shall be used " for the procuration of
substitutes." I want to pay those who volunteer
liberally, so as to avoid all drafts. Let us fill the
Army, if it must be done, with volunteers, for one
volunteer is worth five drafted men; one volun-
teer is worth at least five of these compelled sol-
diers of the draft. It is said that we will have to
pay these men. Of course we will. But we do not
pay them bounty for the purpose of infusing pa-
triotism into them. You do not put patriotism
into a man because you pay him a few dollars.
That money is necessary to keep their families
whom they leave behind them when they go to
suffer the hardships and dangers of the battle-field.
We ought to be more than just—we ought to be,
generous to our volunteers. If necessary, we can
raise a large army of volunteers. Let us give
bounties for that purpose, and avoid odious con-
scriptions. Let us vote these $10,000,000, raised
by commutation, first to that purpose. All we
ask is that the money shall be placed under the
control of some competent authority. Let us
know how much is needed, and who is to expend
it, and how it is fo be disbursed. I trust that this
money, now in the hands of the agents of the Ad-
ministration, will be appropriated. Let us unite to
restore our country to its former greatness, and
the Government, under the Constitution, to its
former glory and lenown.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the committee rise
to terminate the debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Fenton reported that the
Committee of the Whole on tin; state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the pending amendment be closed in one minute
after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules bo sus-
pended, and the House resolve itselfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itselfinto the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Fen-
ton in the chair.)
Mr. BROOKS. As my amendment has elicited,
by the discussion which has taken place, the in-
formation needed, I now withdraw it.
Mr. HARDING. I move to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That no part of the money aforesaid shall be
applied to raising, arming, equipping, or paying of negro
soldiers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise,
and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. JFenton reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, and had directed him to
report the same back with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The question being upon ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. HARDING submitted the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That 110 part of the money aforesaid shall be
applied to theraising, arming, equipping, or paying of negro
soldiers.
Mr. STEVENS. Is thatameridmentin order?
The SPEAKER. It is; the joint resolution is
open to amendment,no demandhavingbeen made
for the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I now ftiove the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 41, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bliss, James S. Brown, Uof-
froth, Cox, Dawson, Dennison, Eden, Edgerton, Eidndge-
Finck, Grider, Ilall, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G.
Harris, Charles M. Harris, Philip Johnson, William John-
son, King, Knapp, Law, Long, Marcy, McKinney, Wil,
liam H. Miller, James 11. Morris, Morrison, Noble, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Ross,
Scott, Stiles, Strotisc, Stuart, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W. White, and Ycaman—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Jacob
B. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, Brooiruill,
William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Item-
ing, Dixon, Donnelly, Di igu^, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Eng-
lish, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank,Ganso , Garfield, Gooch,
Gtinnell, Huh;, Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Aeahel W.
Ilubbaid, John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenekes, Julian,
Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Kunjiui, Loan, Longycai, Lovejoy,Maivin,McClurg, Mfc-
Indoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myer*, Norton, Odell, Charles
O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, i'erhain, Ferry, Pike, Puce, Rad-
ford, William H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John II.
Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Sehenck, Scofield, Shannon,
Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spalding, Stebbms, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Traey, Van Valken-
burgh, Ward, Ehhu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom>
Wirifield, Fernando Wood, and Woodbridge—105.
So the amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution waserdered to be engrossed
and read a third time; an<f%emgengrossed,it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed*, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed fo.
PAY OF MISSOURI TROOPS.
Mr. BLOW. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the purpose of taking up the bill to pay the home
guards of Missouri, *
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. feLOW. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion. It will not take five minutes
to pass the bill.
Mr. COX. I suggest to my friend from Mis-
souri that it will take more time than that. The
report of the commissioners will have to be read.
He had better let his bill come up the first thing
to-morrow morning.
Mr. BLOW. Well, I yield.
Mr. Spalding's motion was agreed to; and
thereupon (at four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.'
Tuesday, December 22* 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of mid-
shipmen at the United States Naval Academy at
Newport, Rhode Island, remonstrating against
the promotion of volunteer naval officers to cor-
responding grades in fciie'' regulaV" service; which
was referred to the Committee ori Natfal A.Spars.
Mr. COWAN. I p'resent'ajietitioH-of officers
and soldiers of'Pennsylvania volunteer^ praying
for an increase of -the pay of the non-coramis-
.sioned officers and privates of the Army of ihe
United States. As that, sabject-is iStfw dmtfer
consideration, I move that the petition' Be ©ft the
table*. . , 5 * -
The motion was agreed to. • .* - -
Mr. DIXON. I offer a petition froth-Bishop
Eastburn, of the diocefce of Massachusetts. It
is very brief, and I ask leave ,to readiu -'
To the honorable the Senate and House of RepresenttiHtcs
of the Congress of the United States of America t, t.
This petition of the subscribers, bishops of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in the United States, humbly showeth:
That your petitioners are cliarged, by the lawsof their
church, with the oversight and care of the clergy and can-
didates for holy orders of their several-dioceses^ and feel
under obligations the most imperative to .provide, a$ for as
possible, that they be confined to their appiopriate- work,
and encouraged to pursue it with ail simplicity, and dili-
gence. They cannot speak in belialfof members of other
communions, but they would hope "and pray that the priv-
ilege which, in a certain contingency, they most respect-
fully invoke at your hands, may be extended to ail those
who, in any communion, are commissioned to'minister in
holy things. , "
It is proposed, they understand, to repeal the commuta-
tion clause in the iate Jaw ordering a draft for the military
service of the Government at this most .important crisis of
the nation's history? The effect of this repeal, if unac-
companied with any alternative provision, would- be to
subject all clergymen and candidates for holy 'orders td the
necessity of bearing arms, unless they Were able to pur-
chase substitutes, a thing far beyond the pecuniary ability
of the great majoiity of their number. This necessity is at
variance with their fundamental duties and vows as min-
isters and students for the ministry of the Prince of peace,
and ought not, as your petitioners conceive, to be Jaittupon
them, except, perhaps, in case of the direst extremity.
They have beheld, with Inex'pressible grief, one of their
own order girding on the sword in the cause of the lebel-
lion, and have seen, with shame, his example followed by
others of different grades in the ministry.
They pray your honorable body that the law, if altered,
shall provide that clergymen, and candidates for the min-
istry, formally recognized as such by the authorities of their
respective denominations, and actually engaged in clerical
studies, shall be regarded as non-combatants, and employed
chaplains, or in hospitals, or some kindred occupations;
or else that a certain sum shall be levied upon eveiy cleigy-
man and candidate for the ministry, as above described, o«
every denomination liable to draft, unless he chooses to be
enrolled.
I have a similar petition from Bishop Chase, of
New,Hampshire, and one of the same character
from Bishop Whittingham, of Maryland. I ask
that they be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
They were so referred.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of George
S. P. Bradford,an ordnance sergeantin the Army,
praying that the pay of ordnance sergeants may
be defined and fixed by law; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr, HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Wallers, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOOT. I move that leave be given to with-
draw the petition and papers on the files of the
Senate in relation to the claim of Charles F. An-
derson, in order to have them presented to the
House of Representatives. I make the motion
at the request of a member of that House.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
33) making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1865, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print addi-
tional copies of the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the finances, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury on the national finances be print-
ed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. .1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the claim
of J. O. Amies, to ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of that claim, with a view
of the petitioner presenting the papers to the
