1122
THE CONG11ESSION AL GLOBE.
March
15.
Mr. STEVENS, 1 hope we shall not carry oat
this matter any further. We will print it as a
campaign document.
The main question was ordered; attd under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
.Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
general meade's report.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution, on
which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the report of Gen-
eral Meade of the-buttle of Gettysburg, with the accompa-
nying reports of subordinate officer?, be printed for the use
of the members of this House,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reeonsidcr the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. *
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOLD BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now call for the regular
Orfler of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments to the bill known as the gold bill, on which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. stevens]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. As there are several gentle-
men who, as I understand, desire to speak upon
this bill, I will not at this time insist on my right
to the floor.
Mr. GIUSWOLD obtained the floor.
QUAPAW INDIANS,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before tlieHousencommunication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a recommenda-
tion for an appropriation for the Q,uapaw Indian
refugees now in Katisas;wliich was referred to the
Committee pf Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
indian depredations claims.
The speaker also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the interior, transmitting a report of
the claims presented for the payment resulting
from injuries and depredations committed by the
Sioux Indians in Minnesota, in ]8G2; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
■Ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. W1ND0M, the report of the
commissioners) accompanying the report of the
Secretary of the Interior was also ordered to be
printed.
treaty with ecuador.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the President
of the United States,stating tiiat on the 25th of No-
vember, 1862,a convention for the mutual adjust-
ment of claims pending between theUnited States
and Ecuador was signed at Quito by the pleni-
potentiaries of the contracting parties, transmit-
ting a copy of the treaty, and asking for an appro-
priation to enable commissioners to be sent out
pursuant to its provisions, to meet at Guayaquil
within ninety days after the exchange of ratifie.i-
■ tions between the two Governments; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
GOLD BILT—-AGAIN.
Mr. GPJSWOLD. Mr. Speaker, during the
early discussion of this bill in the House I was ab-
sent, In that absence my experience was unlike
that of my distinguished colleague [Mr. kkrkah.]
Instead of meeting those who were opposed to the
passage of the bill under discussion, my contact
with the business men not only of my own dis-
trict but in the city of New York indicated almost
universally a decided feeling in favor of its pas-
sage. 1 scarcely heard an opposite opinion, ex-
cept from individuals interested in gold specu-
lation or from those whose sentiments upon a
question of this kind would have but little weight
with any gentleman on either side of this House.
I assume that in the vote which was given upon
the original bill as amended by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. boutweli.,] passed in
this House with great unanimity,-that the neces-
sity of depleting the gold in the Treasury is con-
ceded. By that vote it is evident that scarce any
difference of opinion exists among gentlemen on
either side of the House. This being conceded,
the only question which arises is as to the man-
ner in which the surplus gold shall be disposed
of: whether the Government shall avail itself of
the means intended to be provided by the bill of
throwing the surplus of gold in the Treasury
upon the market, and obtaining the highest rates
it will command; or in its disposition contribute
to the interests of the army of speculators whose
.only object is personal gain, no matter at what
sacrifice of the credit and interests of the Govern-
ment.
My honorable colleague [Mr. icernan] and
also the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. boutwell,] in their remaiksupon the
question, assumed that the bill came here without
paternity, and that we had no evidence that the
Secretary of the Treasury even desired its pass-
sage. If I am correctly informed there is a letter
in the possession of the Committee of Ways and
Means from Mr. Chase, in which heunqualifiedly
advises and advocates its passage. This being
so, the gentleman's inference upon this point is
unfounded.
Mr. BOUTWELL. With the permission of
the gentleman from New York I will state that I
have this morning received a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, which 1 will send to the
Clerk's desk and ask to have read. It is based,
as I suppose, upon a rumor, founded upon remarks
I made yesterday, that we had not official knowl-
edge that the Secretary had approved the bill.
After consulting with mycolleague [Mr.HoopF.nl
who is a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I think it just to the House and to the
Secretary of the Treasury that the letter should
bo read which sets forth his views in regard to
this mivtter.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
trhasuuy dni'artment, March 15, 1864.
my dfah sm : f have been toht tin-. morning that you
aie muter the impression that I am iruluiercia about the
p.wsage of the gold bill as amended by the Senate.
My views concerning the expediency of authorizing the
Seeietaiy of Hie Ticasury 10 dispose of the surplus gold
were communicated to the Committee of Ways and Means
on the, l!)th ultimo. I thought then, and think now, that
such an authority would tend to restrain speculation and
prevent sudden fluctuations m the gold inatket, and that a
.ludieiou- use of such a power might contribute something
to tive same desirable end f have not changed this opin-
ion ; on the contrary, it has been continued by observing
how gold has lallen as the probability ot sueh legislation
increased,and iias ri^en as thatptobabllityhaadiimmsbett.
Vonrs tiuly, if. P. G11ASE.
Hon. G. S. ISoimvKT.l,.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, that letter
corroborates the information of which 1 was in
possession.
An objection is urged against the passage of the
bill that it will improperly increase the powers of
the Secretary of the Treasury. Now, sir, as an
original proposition, that might have some weight,
hut it seems to me that under the circumstances it
ix entitled to but littlo consideration. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury has already been invested
with authority, to which this can add but little,
wore he disposed to exercise that authority im-
properly. tie is and has been clothcd with the
power of issuing the obligations of the Govern-
ment, hundreds upon hundreds of millions, entire-
ly at his own diseietion, at such time and in such
manner and amounts as he deemed proper. The
additional discretion now proposed to be given
him is as to the particular manner in which a sur-
plus of fifteen to twenty-five millions of £old shall
be made available for the public use. This I re-
gard as of too little importance comparatively to
influence the action of the House upon this ques-
tion. I regard those who are at present admin-
istering the Government as its representatives for
the time being, the instrumentality through which
we hope to be canied safely through our present
appalling dangers. So regarding them, I am in
' favor, and I think the constituency which I rep-
' resont are in favor, of furnishing them witii every
j facility, of clothing them with every admissible
j power. I do not intend, so far as ray vote is con-
| corned, to afford any excuse to the Secretary of
| the Treasury, or any other executive officer of
!; the Administration, by reason of refusingany de-
mand they may make consistent with the most
liberal interpretation'of legality and right. - Jn;-t
in proportion to the powers we give them, and the
means that'are placed in their control will tho
country hold them responsible for the exercise of
such powers and the use of such means.
Mr. Speaker, these are extraordinary times,
and demand extraordinary measures. We are
forced to put ourfaith in those occupying official
positions to a degree thatin ordinary times would
of course be improper and indefensible. If this
faith is abused, the people will hold those who
violate their trust to a stern and rigid accounta-
bility.
Another objection urged against the measure
under discussion, and which 1 confess stiuck roe
with considerable force when first suggested, in
that it is in violation of the law of 1SG23 providing
that an amount equal to one per cent, of the pub-
lic debt shall be set apart from the funds in the
Treasury, as a sinking fund for the payment of
the principal. Further consideration, however,
leads me to regard this as of no practical force.
It will not be contended, I presume, even by
the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. botjtwell,] who so ably discussed tins
subject yesterday, that it was the intention of the
framers of that law to lock up in the vaults of the
Treasury tin accumulation of gold without limit,
and thus deprive the commercial community of
what is indispensable to conduct tho business of
the country, and at the same time add to the burden
of the Government by reason of enhancing the cost
of the very materials of which they are obliged to
be the purchasers in conducting this war. 1 ap-
prehend that their only object was to provide for
the creation of a sinking fund, having icference
to a time when the Government should cease to
be a borrower. It seems to me absurd that one
percent, of the liabilities ofthe Government .should
be canceled to-day, while they arc increased five
per cent, to-morrow. But should this bo insiMed
upon, I can see no reason why the surplus gold
in the Treasury should not be disposed of, even
if its proceeds should be applied to the liquida-
tion of the one per cent, provided for by the law
alluded to.
The amount of gold in commercial uses prior
to the presentwar was estimated at from two hun-
dred to two hundred and fifty million dollars.
There is now, as I understand, in the Treasury
$23,000,000. The estimated amount which will
have accumulated by the 1st of July next will bo
from forty-five to sixty millions.
Locked in the vaults of the banks of the city of
New York alone are some forty-two million dol-
lars. The daily requirements of the merchants of
New York alone, for the payment of Government
duties,&c., is about three hundred thousand dol-
lars.
The effect of continued hoarding can readily be
appreciated notonly in its influence upon the com-
mercial interests, but upon the Government, by
reason ofthe enhanced prices which it will befoiced
to pay for such commodities as sympathize witii
and are affected by the speculative advance in gold.
That the present market value of gold is mainly
speculative, is to my judgment apparent. In
proof of this it is wellknown that property and se-
curities beyond the influence of speculation bear
no proportiqnate prices. There is no appreciable
difference between the value of mortgage securi-
ties to-day and three years ago. Local stocks can
be bought with Government paper at nearly the
same rate. Real estate in the country has not
materially advanced. No description of property
except such as is influenced bydirect speculation
bears any such disproportion to gold as do the
Government securities.
If Government obligations are secure, if we
have faith in their ultimate payment, I contend
there is no reasonataii foranysuch appaientde-
preciation as now exists. Their secuiityjs a
question of ourabdity to pay—of faith on the part
of the people that they will be paid. That this
faith is well grounded, 1 do not myself entertain a
doubt. I do not believe the public debt will reach
an amount which will lead to the thought of re-
pudiation, as has been hinted by some gentlemen
on this Hoor; nor do 1 believe that the payment
of the interest on it will be so utterly unbearable
as has been suggested. In my judgment the peo-
ple of this country are prepared to meet all the
exactions made upon them which shall be neces-
