THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
House of Representatives, where a part of the
pacers already are.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN, from'the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print res-
olutions adopted at a mass meeting of the citizens
of Ne,w York to-promote volunteering, and ask-
, Jag that the ipay of privates in the -Army may be
increased to twenty dollars a month, reported in
favor of printing the ^resolutions-, and the report
w^s agreed to 
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. ANTHONY slVbrtvitted the following reso-
Ifttren; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent*-ami agreed to:
jRcm'otved, That there he added to the standing committees
of fife Seriate n'Cornmittee on the Pacrfic Railroad, to con-
sist of nine m'einbers.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK MAILS.
Mi;. SXJM'NEli submitted the following reso-
lution; which Was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Mesolve/l, That the Postmaster General be requested to
communicate.tothe Senate the reason of ihefrequentfailure
mails between New York and Washington; also
what legislation is necessaiy in order to remedy the exist-
• ingev.il; and especially if a new railroad be not required
for the necessities of the postal service.
INDIAN KKGlMKttTS.
Mr. LAN'S, of Kansas, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be Instructed to
report to the Senate the names of the officers of the fourth
andfifth Indfon regiments, the date of their several ffp-
poln'tjftents, and the date they were severally mustered out
of the service of the United 'States.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide, for the
revision and consolidation of the statutes of the
United States.
Mr. POMEROY gave notice of h is intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the Gov-
ernment to assume and reimburse the State of
Kansas for moneys paid for territorial indebted-
ness, and have the same applied to the liquidation
of the direct tax of the State.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted informally an
amendment to the bill (S. No. 18) to amend an
.act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out
the national forces, <yid for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3, 1863; which was ordered to be
printed-
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiieuson, its Clerk, announced that
the House hail passed a joint resolution (No. 14)
to supply, in part, deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the public printing, and to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for bounties and
premiums to volunteers; in which it requested the
Concurrence of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
_ Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 27) concerning membeis of Congress;
which was read, and passed to a second reading,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. No. 8) for the relief of the State of
Wisconsin; which was read twice by its title,and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no other
morning business to be submitted, the*|uestion
before the Senate in the'morning hour is on ex-
cusing the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] from
further service upon the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the further con-
sideration of that question be postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To any particular
time ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No,-sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Indefinitely?
IU i. ANTHONY. I move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to-
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. WILSON. A joint resolution has just
come from the House of Representatives which I
shouldliketohave taken upand acteduponatonce.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 14) to supply
in part deficiencies in the appropriations for the
public printing, and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for bounties and premiums to vol-
unteers, was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. This is a very simple propo-
sition-. It isa resolution which contains one of the
sections of the bill which we had under consid-
eration yesterday. It is very important that it
should be actcd upon at once, and I do not think
it is necessary to refer it to any committee. I
should like to have it read in full for the inform-
ation of Senators.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes to
appropriate $50,000 to supply deficiencies in part
in the appropriations for the public printing; and
also to appropriate §20,000,000, or so much of that
sum as may be required, for the payment of boun-
ties, advance pay, and premiums for soldiers vol-
unteering or enlisting in the service of the United
States.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that the small
appropriation in the first item of the joint resolu-
tion is needed to pay a deficiency in the priming
appropriation. That is right; the obligation has
been incurred. The other portion of the resolu-
tion, making an appropriation of $20,000,000, is
substantially the same as the third section of the
bill which was before us yesterday. There is in
it, however, a provision applying the money to
bounties, advance pay, and premiumsfor recruit-
ing. It was thought yesferday that it was rather
doubtful whether we ought to pass the second
section of the bill then under consideration, au-
thorizing these premiums; and if Senators so be-
lieve, we can strike out the word "premiums"
from this resolution, pass it with thatamendment,
and let it go back to the other House to be acted
upon. In order to make the matter certain, I
move to strike out the word "premiums."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The firstquestion, I sup-
pose; is on taking up the resolution for consider-
ation now.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that it he now taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of this joint
resolution at the present time. Is there any ob-
jection? The Chair hears none. The joint res-
olution is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and the Senator from Massachusetts
proposes an amendment, which will be read.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Before the amendment is
presented I will state thatm regard to the first item
of this resolution, which appropriates $50,000for
the purpose of printing, the Supenntendentstates
that, owing to the enoimous quantity of printing
that was called for by the Departments, the ap-
propriation has been exhausted, and he is now
absolutely without money to pay the workmen in
liis office; and it is necessary, therefore,"that an
appropriation he made immediately. I see no
objection to it, and I do not see any necessity for
a reference to a committee in order to understand
it. It is very simple, and I presume the chair-
man of the Committeeon Printing isawar'e of the
state of facts. The case is as I have stated it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In regard to the other
part of the resolution, the Senate has already be-
come familiar with it from the fact that we had
it under discussion yesterday. It is merely an
appropriation of $20,000,000, instead of the
$105,000,000, to meet the obligations already in-
curred. I do not know that there is any objec-
tion to that. So far as. I am individually con-
cerned, I stated yesterday that I was willing the
obligations incurred by the Government so far
should be met. I see no other way, in fact, than
either to pay what they have promised to pay, or
in good faith discharge the soldiers enlisted under
it, which nobody thinks of doing, I suppose, and
therefore we must mpet the other alternative. As
to the premium, the Senate will of course judoje
for itself about that. It is very easy to amend the
resolution by striking that out, if it be desired,
and sending the resolution back to the House of
Representatives m that shape. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment will be read.
•The Secretary. The proposed amendment
is in lines eleven, twelve, and thirteen, to strike
out—
"and premiums for soldiers volunteering or enlisting in
the service of the United States
so that the clause will read:
That the sum of $20,000,000, or so rmieii thereof as may
be required, he, and the same is hereby, appropriated for
the payment of bounties and advance pay.
Mr. SHERMAN. Itisalwaysunpleasantand
invidious to oppose this class of legislation; but
this resolution involves a great deal more than
even the $20,000,000 appropriated by it. If this
resolution be passed, the bill that was under con-
sideration 'yesterday need" not be and probably
will not be passed for some time. By this reso-
lution we not only appropriate $20,000,000, but
we legalize the proclamation of the Secretary of
War of last October, and we authorize the pay-
ment of $105,000,000 in bounties, $G,000,000 m
premiums, and other incidental expenses. Now,
I tell Senator's seriously that it is impossible to
raise this sum of money within the time con-
templated by this scheme. It is easy for us to
appropriate the money; we may appropriate
$100,000,000; and Senators seem to think that is
the-cheapest and the best way; bat I wish to call
their attention to the difficulty, under the circum-
stances by which we are surrounded, of raising
this money. Suppose you pledge the Govern-
ment to pay this large bounty; what then? You
may make the pledge; but suppose the money is
not on hand at the time the pledge is to be re-
deemed; what then becomes of the credit of the
Government? Is it safe or is it right for us to put
these serious burdens on the Government? I do
not speak-my own opinions alone on this subject;
I speak the opinions of those who know better
than I the condition of our financial system. I
say to Senators that if they contemplate raising
an army of three hundred thousand men by the
payment-of national bou'ntics out of the Treasury
of the United States under the system proposed
yesterday, we cannot pay the money, and we shall
induce men to enter our armies under false pre-
tenses; We might as well look at it plainly and
fairly in the face. To require within three months
the payment of so large a sum of money, without
providing any mode of taxation, I say is impos-
sible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Put on a proviso there.
Mr. SHERMAN. You may do that. So far
as the pledge of the Government to those who
have enlisted under the faith of that proclamation
is concerned, I do not see very well how we can
avoid it. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
put on a proviso limitingit.
Mr. SHERMAN. But if itis proposed toex-
tend this system further, and raise our armies by
national bounties, I say that we shall meet with
financial difficulties, and we shall make a pledge
that we cannot redeem; and I, for one, prefer to
choose the unpopular attitude of opposing these
national bounties at the outset, rather than to de-
ceive any class of men by promising what I fear
we shall not be able to perform. .
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise for the purpose of in-
quiring of the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs whether the resolution, asitstands,
appropriating $20,000,000, was not intended, as
it came from the House of Representatives, to
pay what is tailed the " premium." It is so,in
so many words, as I understand it. The aggre-
gate of the premium,as I have understood, would
be about six million dollars; and if we strike out
the premium, wc have $6,000,000 more for boun-
ties than are necessary.
Mr. WILSON. I will say,in regard to this sum
of money, that it was suggested that we should
appropriate $30,000,000; and the bill wc had up
yesterday was originally prepared for $30,000,000.
It was thought, that would be necessary to cover
the case; buton further consultation with the Sec-
retary of War and other persons, it was thought
best to put the sum at $20,000,000, which is pro-
vided for in the thiid section of the bill which
was under consideration yesterday:
That the sum of $-30,000,000, or as much thereof as may
be necessary, be, and the ^ame is hereby, appiopiiuted out
of any money m Tjje Treasury riot otherwise appropriated,
in payment of the bounties and premiums authorized by
tins act.
We can amend it so as to make it read. " that
