2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
ments, and promises under its sanction protec-
tion to these pseudo-republics ! But he forgets
that if the southern Stales are deceased, or out of
the Union, there is the third section of article
fourth of the Constitution, which provides for
the admission of States. .Does the President in
his theory propose to disregard this clause?
Unless Congress consent, all these scaffoldings,
erected by his own will, will tumble to naught.
If States can be declared dead, or burned out
by the fires of war, perhaps New England may
some day find her theory come home, m a recon-
struction of her six States into one, and the re-
duction of her twelve Senators into two ! Lines
of longitude, as well as of latitude, may some-
times reconstruct States.
The basis of our Federal Government is States,
having constitutions and laws—the emanation of
the popular will. This will is expressed through
suffrage. This suffrage in States is regulated by
their own constitution and laws. State voters
thus qualified, and they only, can vote for mem-
bers of Congress. When, therefore, the Pres-
ident undertakes to breathe into a State the breath
of life bya newcodeof suffrage, even if the State
were defunct, he usurps a power never granted,
and a sovereignty belonging solely to the people.
If these States in rebellion are destroyed—if the
tabula rasa remains, upon which the President can
write new constitutions, with new qualifications
for voters-—then secession and revolution have
done legally what no one but a rebel or traitor
ever believed could be done.
III. This brings me to the radical question of
the day. The message of the President and the
bill of the gentleman from Maryland assume that
the State governments in the rebel States are out
of existence or usurped, and that the territory
should be governed as such by the United States
until new State governments shall be formed.
The President does not commit himself to this
plan as the only one. " Saying one thing, he does
not mean to say that he would not say another."
Very well. But one thing he has assumed—that
the old States aie gone. But let us do him jus-
tice. He suggests that on " 1 ('construct!rig a loyal
Slate government in any Slate, the name of the
State, lite boundary, the subdivisions, &c., may
be maintained;" provided always the abolition
policy prevail. This is like the prescript of the
old Sultan, who in commanding an obnoxious
vizier to be ensacked and tlnown into the Bos-
phorus, generously imped his tun ban and clothes
might remain unmoistened.
I know it is said that he repudiates the policy
of leducnig the States to Territories. His plan
is to select, as nearly as may be, the old building
spot; perhaps us ' somi1 of the old foundations,
say one tenth; but ho changes radically the plan
and structure of the building, and takes away
from its lord the sovereign control of the estab-
lishment. He insists thai there shall be homo-
geneity of arrangement m the structure; that for
diOerent conditions, classes, systems, climate,
and position, the same relations shall be insti-
tuted. This plan is not only absurd in philoso-
phy, unsound in economy, but revolutionary m
practice. He in fact says, "1 shall light on to
keep the southern States out until they conform
to my views as to negroes. My abolition con-
dition to Union is inexorable ! The proclamation
shall be on a par with the Constitution. Let no
one bleed for one without dying for the other!"
God help the nation, plunged in anabyss of blood,
for such crudities !
Surely if the State suicide doctrine be sound
this plan of rebuilding is not. Let me consider
that State suicide doctrine. It professes to be
based on the decision of the Supreme Court in the
Hiawatha case. That decision is perverted to
sustain this theory. The court condemned cer-
tain property captured, because the property was
within the lines of the enemy actually holding
those lines by force, though without right, and
not because of the moral or political relation of
the owner. The court decided nothing as to the
legal and political status of the owner, but be-
cause the property would help the enemy it was
to be taken as prize of war. There is in that de-
cision no recognition of the right of secession,
much less of the monstrous and cruel doctrine
that rebels m arms can abolish the legal rights
of loyal men or the institutions of States.
If war blots out the States insurgent by virtue
of its territorial and belligerentcharacter, then war
does by Us violence what secession would do by its
ordinances. The right to expunge a State is co-
ordinate with the right to secede. If a State can
be forced out by the'vote of its own sovereignty
or by combinations of men without a constitu-
tional amendment, then any State can be expelled
by Federal action. If the Union becomes disa-
greeable to a State then the State may become dis-
agreeable to the Unio"ii; and if a State may retire
at pleasure why cannot a State be repudiated at
will ? These rights, if they exist, which 1 deny,
corelate. They are inseparable. Suppose it had
been proposed to expel South Carolina from the
Union for her contumacy, or Massachusetts for
her intermeddling, what a burst of indignation we
should have had from each 1 They would have
exclaimed, u Show us the power to throttle our
State sovereignty by denying us participation in
this blessed Union. What! strip usof our Amer-
ican citizenship, place us outside of your naviga-
tion and commercial laws and treaties; leave us
at the mercy of foreign Powers; belittle us to noth-
ing; rob us of ourcommon interests ina common
treasure, teiritory, government, history, and
glory. Never!" Yet wherein does this claim of
holding these States South as conquered prov-
inces by military force, degrading the equal dig-
nity of the States by the creation of a new sov-
ereign power, differ in principle from secession?
If secession be a nullity, and if the Constitu-
tion is not impaired nor the rights of the States
destroyed, then I can see how arms, inspired
by wise and persuasive measures, may in time
redeem the States; but on the other theory, all
the tears, miseries, confiscations, and blood are
in vain, in vain, in vain. Can we be surprised,
therefore, that an analytic mind like that of the
Postmaster General should have at once descried
in these fallacies of abolition a conspiracy in aid
of the rebellion ?
IV. 1 now propose to apply theiessons of his-
tory, by inquiring whether, even admitting all
these plans to be legal, and even if decided to
be so, some wiser, better, and more practicable
plan may not he adopted. Is there no amnesty,
no accommodation possible? Theie is. I be-
lieve that the restoration of the Union is possible
if we pursue a proper policy. The restoration
of the Union as it was is only impossible to
those who, for other objects, do not desire it.
The reconciliation of all the States is possible,
nay, probable, with the restoration of the doc-
trine of local self-government and State sover-
eignty on matters not delegated to the Federal
Govn mnent. I know no other hope. If this
fail, all is dark and chaotic. Diversity of inter-
ests and systems find their unity alone in this
system of laisscz faire to the States.
How, then, is it possible to restore local and
State sovereignty and thus unite our hapless and
lacerated country? History never presented so
grand a problem for statesmanship. I approach
it with something of that awe which solemnizes
the soul when we enter within some vast and con-
secrated fabnc—vistas and aislesof thought open-
ing on every side, pillars and niches and cells
within cells, mixing in seeming confusion, but all
really in haunony, and wch with a light stream-
ing through the dim forms of the past, and bles&ed
with an efHuenco from God, though dimmed and
half lost in the contaminated reason and passion
of man.
Conscious of the magnitude of this rebellion,
and oppressed with the feebleness of the policy
directed against it, I still believe in the restoration
of the old Union. Hence, whatever method I
should advocate for the conduct of the war, or
the celebration of peace, 1 am forever concluded
against one conclusion, the independence of the
South. I believe the principle of unity to be ab-
solutely superior to the right of sectional nation-
ality. The destiny of these United States is to
continue united, and, perhaps, to add other States,
until the whole continent is in alliance. Our fate
is to expand and not to contract our influence or
our limits. All other notions are but transitory
and evanescent,
I am happy to be in accord with the President,
if indeed he holds yet to the doctrine announced
in his inaugural; " Physically speaking, we can-
not separate." 1 had adopted the same sentiment,
that there were Union foundations, by the very
political geology of God, upon which the old
Union could and would be rebuilt. In his fust
message the President held:
''The two sections could not remove from cach oilier,
nor build an impassable wall between them ; tliat inter-
conrs e, amicable or hostile, must continue. Is it possible,
tlten, to make that intercourse more advantageous or moi e
satifactory, after separation than before ? Can aliens make
treaties easier than friends can make laws ? Can treaties
be more faithfully enforced between aliens than laws can
among friends ? Suppose you go to war, you cannot light
always ; and when, after much loss on both sides and no
gain on either, you cease fighting, the identical old ques-
tions as to terms of intercourse are again upon you."
These sentiments are founded in principle, and
drawn by correct deductions from history. They
are thegerm of all true politics. Sorry am I that
in a momentof pressure and temptation he should
have been drawn from them by the weird whis-
perings of ambition under the baleful eclipse of
fanaticism.
The argument from physical, and therefore from
economicreasons,fa-r the perpetuity of the Union,
is powerful. But history and the experience of
other nations show that thedissolution of the old
Union might consist with a different kind of uni-
ty. Any Union which would leave trade free and
locomotion unrestricted between the States, North
and South, interior and exterior, would answer
the mere physical and economic objects of union.
It is well known that Judge Douglas contem-
plated as among the possibilities an American
Zollverein, which would have secured unity of
territory for commercial purposes. In an essay,
which he said had cost him more labor than any
work of his life, and which death prevented him
from giving to his countrymen, he ascribed our
situation to the aggressive spirit of abolitionism,
and held that for the present nothing but a com-
mercial union, founded upon the plan of the States
of Germany, would be practicable to sustain those
influences which made the United States the hap-
piest and most prosperous of nations. But he
only contemplated it as an initial point from which
he would, through common interests and kind-
ness, move on to amoremtimateUmon until m time
the Union as it was might again be restored in its
primitive fullness and glory. (Speech of Hon.
Henry May, February 2,1863—-Globe, third ses-
sion Thirty-Seventh Congress, p. 687.)
Something more than physical boundaries and
commercial reasons must exist to make that old
Union possible. The President understands it,
without giving it full emphasis, when he says,
" Friends make laws," and the " identical old
questions as to terms of intercourse "remain after
fighting. Fighting may do much, it may be ad-
mitted; exhaustion, calamities, and bloodshed
may make it the interest of men to coalesce to
avoid such horrors; but what can produce in a
people the idem sententiam de republica?n Can
that be forced ? If not, what will you add, to and
after force, to inspire the common sentiment which
we call patriotism?
Many sad and harsh experiences may be ours
before that event. Military rule, anarchy, de-
struction of individual opinion, speech, and lib-
erty; ali these may be in the path of the old or
of another polity. These will be our experiences,
unless we take the straight, short, and right line
of the Constitution. We may wander forty years
in a political wilderness before we attain the
pionnse ofour youthful and exultant nationality.
Before attempting toshow how this nationality
may be restored,it would be best to define it. What
then is nationality ? Let the defimtionof the Eng-
lish logician, John Stuart Mill, answer: "We
mean a principle of sympathy, not of hostility;
of union, not of separation. We mean a feeling
of common interest among those who live under
the same Government, and are contained within
the same natural or historical boundaries. We
mean that one part of the community shall not
consider themselves as foreigners with regard to
another part; that they shall cherish the tie which
holds them together; shall feel that they are one peo-
ple; that their lot is cast together; that evil to any of
their fdloiv-countrymen is evil to themselves; and
that they cannot selfishly free themselves from their
share of any common inconvenience by severing the
connection
Is it not strange to a dispassionate thinker that
those who are not hostile in the sense of hate to
the South, those who would woo them to the an-
cient order and Union by reason, old us<k'.nations,
the allurements of peace and putiiotihm. to make
again of the circle of equal Suites the wti Federal
