1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2099
sovereignty, should be held to be the least na-
tional; while those who have so far forgotten the
common interest of all under the same Govern-
ment, who regard themselves as alien to the South,
even as the South regard themselves as alien to
us, should be held as the most national? I do
proclaim it, on the basis of a logic incontestable,
that he amgng us who wishes most evil to any
part of the country is the moral traitor and
social anarch. r£hey, too, who would selfishly
free themselves from their share of any common
inconvenience by severing the connection, like
those of the South, are also enemies to the whole
country. "What can we think of his national feel-
ing who would so disregard the interest of one
half of his own country as to wish to see it ut-
terly erased by war, a tabula rasa; its cotton crop
and other exports, worth $200,000,000 annually,
which is required as the basis of our commerce and
for the payment of our debts, and which gave the
nation the advantage of the world,entirely ruined
or transferred to other arid alien hands; its labor-
ers colonized in tropical lands to benefit foreigners
or suddenly freed without benefit to themselves ot-
to the superior race, and ks very statehood blotted
out, because of the sedition of its people !
We are powerful in proportion as we are na-
tional. If we should follow the advice of passion
and treat the southern States now in civil war as
England treated Ireland, we become weak and
denationalized. If we pursue the South with a
licentious uncivic soldiery, gloating with antici-
pations of the plunder of private effects, or with
the promises already held out of parceling out the
lands of the South as the bounty which revenue
pays for pillage, thus whetting a tigerish appetite
for a great festival of blood and rapine, we may
be sure that the special Nemesis which Herodotus
traced through the early eras of history will haunt
the men who instigate and the men who execute
such a fell and imbecile policy. If, as in Rome
once and in Spanish America now, we bribe one
part of the nation by the robbery of another por-
tion, then we may be sure that conflicts will be
renewed when exhaustion is overcome, and our
flag, like that of old Spain, will typify a river of
blood between margins of gold. If we would
avoid-rhe constant aggregation and disintegration
of feeble masses in different provinces, such as the
history of South America demonstrates, we must
leatn to carry out, better than the President has
done, his own principle of friendly legislation,
instead of repellant alienation. Powerful as are
our armies—gradually encroaching amidst many
mistakes and vicissitudes upon the territory which
is insurgent—great as are our Parrott guns, and
invulnerable as are our iron-clads, one thing we
have to learn yet from history, that our best sol-
diers are not like Charlemagne's paladins, pos-
sessed of enchanted weapons. The weapon
which wounds the cause of rebellion, and yet
which can transmute the rebel into the patriot, is
the enchantment of friendship. He who would
destroy a part of his own country, as if it were
alien, has no more love for it than Saturn had for
the children of his own loins whom he destroyed.
Such a creature is not a patriot, even if he were
a man. Patriotism never desires to weaken or
disgrace, but always to strengthen and glorify
the country.
Prom these suggestions it will be apparent that
something besides force is needed to reconcile
States which are insurgent. What that some-
thing is, which 1 may call the philosophy of Union,
can "be ascertained by understanding what that
element is which is the philosophy of dissolution.
All disturbances of property, person, liberty,
home—whether by emancipation, confiscation,
oxtetmination, or other repellant policies—can
never beget confidence. No plan (.hat debars nine
tenths cf a people from political privileges, and
outlaws them from their own homes and rights,
can renew allegiance. But such confidence and
allegiance have been begotten and renewed mother
lands rent with civil feuds; why not in this? To
answer this, I shall consider, first, the mode by
which such results can be attained, and secondly,
the illustrations from history showing such re-
suits.
1. States or societies are made up of individ-
uals. To reform society or control masses, indi-
viduals must he reached. M. Guizot, m his His-
tory of Civilization,(page 25,) has demonstrated
that two elements are comprised in the great fact
we call civilization-—the progress of society and
the progress of individuals. The one is but the
1 external phenomena of which the other is the
cause. Society is merely the theater for the im-
mortal man. Society is made for man, not man
j for society. Society dies, changes, rots, regrows,
and decaysagain; man blooms in immortal youth
beyond this limited destiny. When, therefore,
3'ou adopt a policy to restore States or rebuild the
dismantled social order, you must begin by reach-
ing the character of men, influencing their litera-
ture, their tastes, their maxims, their laws and
institutions, their industries, their wealth and its
distribution and means of attainment, their occu-
pations, their divisions into classes, and all their
relations to each other. Whenever you have
harmonized these so as to give contentment, you
may be assured that no military compression or
civil oppression can long keep the individuals in-
terested fiom a common consent to the common
government.
Hence, when the philosophic .statesman per-
ceives such a civil convulsion as this which arrays
the sections of America in deadly conflict, he must
accompany his historic researches with the a
priori reasons grounded in human nature. Thus
he may construct his science of social statics and
ascertain the requisites of stable political union.
One of these requisites is the habitual discipline
and regard for government on the part of rulers
and ruled. Let all personal impulses and con-
scientious convictions be subordinated to the su-
preme control of the proper government; resist all
temptation to break through such control; and
you have a tremendous element of patriotic uni-
son. Mankind naturally do not like government.
Brave men are loth to submit to control. Disci-
pline, aided by religion and a common interest,
is the power which keeps men from becoming an-
ai eh teal.
Combined with this civil discipline is the feeling
of allegiance. Without this feeling no State can be
permanent. When the rulers fail to give that pro-
tection which is the consideration and correlative
of allegiance, then allegiance fails, and society de-
clines, despotism supervenes, or foreign conquest
is imposed. Let statesmen remember that this is
the capital defect of our rulers, and the proximate
cause of our troubles. Thus remembering, let
them study history with a view to the reinstate-
ment of that protection to labor, liberty, property,
and life, which assures to the State the allegiance
of the people. This feeling is sometimes called
<c loyalty." The French philosopher, M. Comte,
has ilut i described a:
"This feeling may vary In us objects, and is not con-
fined to any paiticujar foim of government; but whether
in a democidcy or a monarchy, its essence is always the
same, viz: that thciro b<- m the constitution of the State
somel/iing which is* settled, somHhing pt-rm-ment, and not
to be called in question; something winch, by general
agreement, has a right to be wheie it is, and to be secure
ag.unj-t diM.uib.uice, whatever else may change."
'Die sacred something in our political system
is the written Federal Constitution and the sys-
tem of State governments, both having their basis
on the sovereign will of the people of the States.
Not less sacred, because not less above discus-
sion, are the reserved rights of the States, and the
still more important reservation of sovereignty in
the people. This is the essential permanency of
society in the United States. This was the rela-
tion which all parties, whether at Charleston or
Chicago, agreed should not be disturbed, which
the President declared should not be distuibed by
him, and the fear of whose disturbance has con-
vulsed a nation of thirty millions. This mystic
union of the Federal and State systems was the
sacramental essence, the divine appointment,
above the storms and eddies of discussion. In this
was comprehended our ancient liberties and ordi-
nances. Even the domestic institutions of the
State were imbound with it. indeed, it was the
only fundamental law, pervading our society as
gravitation pervaded the stellar spaces.
Those, whether North or South, who failed to
keep this essence sacred and sealed, are respons-
ible for the consequences. Abolitionism, which
lived by the disturbance of this system, was like
secession, for both sprang from the same direful
agitation and the same disturbance of the Consti-
tution.
Butis there no light through thecloudsof war?
Have we no solatium for paat wrongs, no immu-
nity for future griefs? Is anger, hatred, scorn,
me
revenge—the brood of wicked passions, ranltlirig
in the heart—are these to'remain? And shall
there be no interregnum for the serene dynasty
of peace and love, to walk together white-handed,
through this bleeding and bloody land? Shall no
one pour the lethean wave over the scenes of
death and the sorrows of mourning? Shall there
be no recantation of the oaths of fierce men, vow-
ing revenge for homes wasted, property confis-
cated, brethren destroyed,and cities ruined? - O
God ! Is there no hope that even time may not
be allowed to assuage the hates and griefs of this
bloody era? Shall the young men of to-day wear
the rancor in their hearts til! their, hairs are whi-
tened for the tomb and teach their children and
children's children to perpetuate ,the hate of the
fathers? If this is to be the fate of our Union,
then God has mocked His creaturcs by fixing
them in habitations bound together l>y*the same
skies, rivers, mountains, and lakes; mocked them
by fixing in their hearts the principle of love, and
cruelly mocked them by sending to this star a
Prince of Peace as an Exemplar and Saviourl
Who are the men, or the fiends, who talk o(
utter extermination? if it were possible it were
execrable ! To exterminate the southern people
rather than reach them, as Mr. Lincoln himself
proposed, by friendly laws, is a crime more hei-
nous than rebellion. Let the pitiless destruction
of the Moors of Andalusia by Philip U, the mer-
ciless slaughter of the French in La Vendue, Clav-
erhouse's bloody hunts after the Scottish Cove-
nanters, tiie stained and cadaverous cheek of Ire-
land, the bloodshot eye of maddened Poland, the
grim submission of revengeful Venetia, teach us
by their history that powder cannot cement nor
bombs bear messages of love. Superadd to your
force conciliation, and then your force may not
be mere brute violence. Force has welded by its
blows, but they were tempered in the fire of old
and lovmgassociauons. 44 1 do not fight the South
becausc 1 hate her," said Mr. Crittenden;4*!
love her still." Conquest by force is only phys-
ical; subjugation implies mental acquiescence on
the part of the vanquished in the ideas of the
victor. Such a war, therefore, will produceorily
the status quo ante bellumt leaving an absolute re-
ciprocal negation; each party denying the claims
of the other, and leaving no common ground for
a truce to intellectual conflict.
How can we reconcile the hostilities of the peo-
ple thus physically bound to live in peace and
union? It is clear that if the arms of both belli-
gerents should in a moment fall from nerveless
hands there would remain to-day the same an-
tagonism of ideas. This antagonism was recon-
ciled on the principles of State sovereignty and
local self-governmentas to ail domestic questions,
including slavery. Webster, Clay, and even
Calhoun, in 1850, saw Union only m this way.
Mr. Douglas, Mr. Crittenden, and even Mr.
Davis and Mr. Toombs would have preserved it
by the same principle in 1861. The compionuses
of 1861 were drawn from this source*—a final ad-
justment of the character of all the Territory, and
a complete non-intervention by Congress with
the domestic relations of the Territories and of
the States. This principle would have settled
the difficulties. It was defeated by the action of
intemperate and blood-desiring men. But the rule
of right is eternal, for it is born of God. What
was kind and just before the South resorted to
arms is right to-day.
The fact that war has come and that separation
is impossible, makes more urgent the ascendency
of a party whose first and only preference is for
the Union through compromise, and who shall at
least be allowed to try the experiment of recon-
ciling the States by guarantees similar to those
proposed in 1861. If it be found impossible to
restore the old association of States by such ne-
gotiation , then, and not till theny can statesmen begin
properly to ponder the other problems connected with
subjugation and recognition. 1 regret that any one,
especially my colleague, [Mr.Long,] shouldhave
anticipated these questions, and in his patriotic
despair should have expressed his preference be-
tween the alternative of a war of subjugation and
arecognition of southern independence. I regard
each alternative as premature. We may yet
change the war from the diabolical purposes of
those m power, by changing that power to other
hands, and we are not ready to sever our TJiiton
while that hope remains* Of tfyetWQevilsoffjutJV
