1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sary for the prosecution of the present war to its
success, and the restoration and preservation of
ourGovcrnment. They desire only that the men
and the means which they furnish shall be faith-
fully and honestly appropriated foi this great
paramount object.
As an evidence on the part of those to whom
they intrust the administration of our public af-
fairs, I should be glad if upon both sides of this
House all subordinate questions could be ignored,
and that we should stand up with united voice in
advocacy of such measures alone as tend to the
restoration of our Union and the reestablishment
of an honorable peace over this distracted land.
I believe this to be the true way for securing pub-
lic confidenceand strengthening our Government
credit. It should be evident that we are not to be
diverted for the purpose of carrying out the pecu-
liar views of any man or of any set of men.
I assume, Mr. Speaker, that the discretion
which is lodged with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury by the provisions of the bill under discus-
sion will be exercised by him with discretion and
honesty, and that so exercised he will be able to
strengthen his position as the responsible head
of the financial Department of the Government;
that he will be able, at all events, to increase
the dangers attending speculations in gold, and
thus interfere with and embarrass those who in
the pursuit of personal gam are regardless of the
consequences to the great interests of our coun-
try; and still more, that he will place obstacles
in the way of those whose hopes are based upon
the destruction of public confidence by producing
an apparent depreciation of our national securities.
I agree with the honorable gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Kasson] as to the mischievous effects
attending the operations, in such times as these,
of the men who congregate in the marts of our
large cities, and engage in these wild and senseless
speculations. I am not at all certain but that the
army of gold speculators are as much to be dreaded
at the piesent time as the army of rebels in the
South. The effect is demoralizing whether the
individual so regards it or not. The man who
invests his capital in gold as a speculation be-
comes involuntarily disloyal to a certain extent,
for the reason that the success of his venture is
based upon the reverses of our army in the field;
while he who holds our Government obligations
wishes for and hails every success as furnishing
additional security to his investment.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that in voting for
this bill I differ from most of the gentlemen on
this side of the House, with whom I am politi-
cally associated, but I feel certain that they will
give me credit for being influenced by an honest
difference of opinion, and that that difference arises
from what I regard as the course which shall best
promote the interest of our country.
Still more sanguine am I that no gentleman,
either on this side of the House or the other, will
contend that mere fealty to party h for a moment
to he considered as against these higher consid-
erations.
In presuming upon the attention of the House,
Mr. Speaker, I simply desired to give some of the
reasons that will influence my vote on the ques-
tion under discussion. Having done this, 1 am
prepared to yield the floor, and record my vote
in favor of the pending,bill.
ME^SAGK FROM TIIK SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr, Forxt.y, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed billsof the following
titles; in which ho was directed to ask the con-
curnmce of the House:
An act (No. 151) relating to enlistments, and
for other purposes;
An act (No. Ifi3) to authorize the Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind
to confer degrees; and
An act (No. 168) providing for the purchase of
a steam fire-engine.
GOLD BILL AGAIN.
Mr. HUREAPtD, of Connecticut. Inasmuch,
Mr. Speaker, as 1 am now called upon to cast my
vote fur or against the measure under considera-
tion, 1 beg tiie indulgence of the House in a word
of explanation of the reasons which will govern
the vote I shall give.
I voted for the original bill as reported to the
House by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which was simply a
bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
sell the surplus gold in the Treasury. I thought
that bill was right; but it did not seem to meet
with very much favor in the House, and I was
ultimately induced to vote for the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well,] thinking it would be better than nothing;
but I am now satisfied that that amendment kills
all the virtues of the original bill.
It seems to be obvious to everyone that the
value of a commodity in market depends upon the
abundance or scarcity of it; that everything which
tends to increase the supply must diminish the
cost of the article. A very eloquent and very
honorable member on the other side of the House
took exception to the bill on the ground that it
would not do for us to invest the Secretary with
what he chose to call this illimitable power; that
it would tend to ruin the credit of the country, and
ultimately to thedownfallofthcRepublic. I,sir,
do not see it in any such baneful light. Why,
sii, the Secretary is lord of the Treasury to-day,
is he not, under the law? And if he chooses to be
unfaithful in the discharge of his onerous duties,
who can help it?
The present bill, as it comes to us from the
Senate, simply authorizes him to sell the surplus
gold in the Treasury; and thus limited, I want to
know how it is that in conferring on him that
power we can possibly become obnoxious to
the charge of conferung illimitable power? The
learned gentleman did not "tell us,hedid not point
out, wherein the exercise of that power could pos-
sibly work such an injury, but he spoke as if he
saw a lion in the way and as if his quick ear heard
a threatening roar from the frightful beast; but
he utterly failed to point out to our wondering
eyes the ambush of the forest king, or to awaken
our attentive eais to the warning voice he had
heard. Why, sir, it is not possible to conceive
that the Secretary of the Treasury, in the exer-
cise of this power, can injure the credit of the
country any more than he may endanger the same
inteiests by the exercise of powers already con-
ferred upon him.
Another objection urged by my honorable friend
was that it would be a breach of faith in the coun-
try to sell that which is pledged for the,paynv?nt
of the interestupon the publicdebt. The answer
to that objection is simply that the bill does not
authorize any such thing. Itsimply provides for
the sale of surplus gold.
Stiii another argumentwas used,that it would
give the country more credit in Europe to antici-
pate the payment of the public debt. I would
not borrow one dollar from England, or from
France; I would not be indebted to them for any
such advantage whatever. If they were to send
over a ship-load of gold I would not touch it. I
would be more ready that our fai-off sister Cali-
fornia should send ten thousand of her brave sons
into Mexico.
Thfjre is but one conceivable way in which the
country can maintain its credit, and that is by
relying with firmness upon our own lesources.
I believe that our own resources are adequate to
every demand. If more money is wanted, con-
tinue to tax us and we shall continue to pay.
Mr. 13ROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I do notex-
pect to convince any gentleman present by any
argument that I can produce" after the discussion
which has been lied on this question,butas I have
voted steadily against the measure from the he-
ginning, and intend to vote against it steadily to
the end, 1 desire to state in a few words my rea-
sons for so doing. The first of them is, that I
conceive the power attempted to be given to the
Seeietary of the Treasury to be wholly unneces-
sary, The gentleman ftom Massachusetts [Mr.
Alley] who advocated this mcasuicon yester-
day said he did not expect the Secretaiy of the
Treasury would use this power, and that it was
not intended he should use it, at least to any ex-
tent. If that be the case, then I for one wiii not
vote to give if to him. At this time, when it is ne-
cessary for us to grant extraordinary powers to
the head of tiie Government 
Mr. ALLEY. 1 ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield to me.
"Mr. BROOM ALL. Certainly.
Mr. ALLEY. Allow me to explain. I think
the gentleman has misunderstood me. 1 did not
say unqualifiedly that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury would not, in my judgment, use this.po.wer.
I said that he would not probably use it to
great extent, that he would not use it if the. exi-
gencies of .the Treasury would not safely per-
mit it, and that he would undoubtedly in the
future, as in the past, carefully consider and pro-
vide for meeting the prospective as well as profit
wants of the Treasury. I do not believe if tKe
power be given to him that he would use it unless
it was absolutely necessary, and I doubt -much „
whether he would be called upon to exercise it
often if at all.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am pleased to be cor-
rected by the gentleman from Massachusetts. I
did to some extent misunderstand his remarks,
and I will take his position as he has now given
it. HedoesnotexpecttheSecretaryof the Treas-
ury to use the power unless in the future when
it may become necessary for him to use it. I, for
one, then, will postpone my vote in favor of the
measure until lam satisfied it is necessary for the
Secretary of the Treasury to have and to.use this
power.
I was about to say, Mr. Speaker, that in these
extraordinary times, when it is necessary for us
to assen t to extraordinary powers being vested in
the Administration and the Government, itis not
the time to ask us to confer powers that are not
necessary. And if this power is not necessary,
that is the argument against the passage of this
measure.
Now, that it is not necessary is manifest to
every one who will merely ask himself the ques-
tion, what is it to be used for? Is it intended to
bring down the price of gold? Granted that it
is. That seems to be the argument of the other
side. Is there any evil in gold being at the present
price except so far as that results from the redun-
dancy of paper money? I do not see much. I do
not care what price gold goes to if it is not caused
by an inflation of the cuiTency. If it does so
arise then I admit it is an evil and a matter of in-
teiest to everybody, because it affects the price
of everything we buy or sell. If the high price
arises from hoarding, no class of men can lose by
it except such as ought not to be relieved. It is
the accumulation of gold in the Treasury that is
now complained of. Who wants this gold? .No-
body except the importing merchants and the
gamblers m gold. The laborer does not want
gold. The mechanic does not want gold. The
farmer and retail merchant do not want gold.
They have no use for it. It has given place to
the legal currency of the country. The only par-
ties who need gold, I repeat, are the importing
merchantsandgamblersingold,and I, for one,look
upon the excessive importation of foreign goods
now going on as one of the evils of the day. We
are buying ourselves poor. I am willing to let the
price of gold go up until that excessive import-
ation is checked. Gold is needed for the purpose
of buying foreign goods, and for paying duties
upon foreign goods, and for these two purposes
alone. If the price of gold .goes up sp that the
importing merchants cannot get it, what will be
the result? Why, that importation to that ex-
tent will be checked. There is a point between
these two extremes, the present one of excessive
accumulation of gold in the Treasury from duties
atismg from excessive importations, and the stop-
page of importation and duties from*the scarcity
of gold—I say that tli-'i'e is # point between these
two «'X tremes where things will balance each other,
and I am willing to wait for that point.
But suppose the accumulation of gold in the
Treasury to be an evil, suppose there are parties
besides those who are doing mischief with gold,
need it, is there no way to get it out of the Treas-
uiy? I have seen no act of Congress making
gold not a legal tender for the payment of debts.
T know that gold has become unfashionable as a
cunency, yet, sir, I do nut doubt that it will be
taken in payment of debts without much com-
plaint. It can, if in no other way, be got out of
the Treasury by paying some class of peculiarly
meritorious creditors, and no doubt there are such.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.Bout-
well,] whose amendment was adopted by the
House, proposes to anticipate the payment of the
interest on the public debt. I was in favor ofthat
measure until he coupled it with another which
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to do
that without a rebate of interest. I voted against
it then because I thought it unwise to pay debts
