1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 15,
not:due unless with a rebate of interest. Now
there are debts due by the United States which
have some priority over other debts, and which
ought to be paid. Let the Secretary of the Treas-
ury huntup some peculiarly meritorious claims
and pay them, and so get the money out of the
Treasury, if it is necessary to get it out at all
when only those want it who do mischief with it.
And, again, I am opposed to this measure as a
means for fixing the price of gold. In that re-
gard it wilt be wholly ineffective. No legislation,
either by Congress or any other tegislative body,
ever fixed the price of any commodity. What
-do they say? They say that by threatening to
put two or three or ten million dollars of gold
into the New York money market we will affect
the price of gold there permanently. Such an
assertion does look strange to me. They set out
with the declaration that the price of gold is due
to speculation. I look upon that as a mistake.
I look upon the laws of trade as fixing the price
of gold, subject to variations like other commod-
ities. It is one of the evils arising from the re-
bellion that gold has become an article of traffic,
and speculators have taken advantage of that to
gamble in gold. I say here, that if I could see
any way to put a stop to speculation in gold by
Toting for this measure, 1 would vote for it with
all of my heart. But I cannot see any such re-
sult from this bill, i cannot see how the specu-
lation in gold will be affected by any power given
to the Secretary of the Treasury to deal in gold.
Speculation in any commodity arises from uncer-
tainty and fluctuation in the price of it. And this
proposition is to add another clement of uncer-
tainty and another cause of fluctuation to those
already affecting the price of gold.
Again, this is a dangerous power to bestow upon
any individual, I care not who he is. Now, I
have all confidence in the present Secretary of the
Treasury. I believe he is the best man in all the
United States for that position, and I am not sure
he is not the best man in the world for it. I
am so much in favor of him as Secretary of the
Treasury, that if tiny thing which can be done by
me would prevent it, I would not allow him to
get out of that place to become President of the
United States or King of England. I think he is
the right man in the right place, and I want to
keep him there at least four years more. But
the Secretary of the Treasury cannot possibly
run this immense machine upon his own hook.
Ho is surrounded by hundreds of clerks and in-
ferior officers whom 1 do not know, and in whom
I cannot be cxpected to have the same confidence
that 1 have in the Secretary. They will be more
or lessin hissecrcts, and it will be known to those
clerks a few days beforehand that he intends to
oxercise this power, whenever he intends to ex-
ercise it. And let mo tell you that the clerk who
gets that information three days before the gold
is thrown upon the market, can sell that inform-
ation for a million dollars in New York, though
the pnee of gold may not be affected three per
cent., nor any, after three days. Is not that
a monstrous power? Before giving this power
to the Secretary I should want his lite insured, in
order I hut lie may hold on to his present position.
I should want his secrecy insured so that he should
keep his intentions wholly to himself. 1 should
want him deaf and dumb and incapable even of
writing, lest ho shoflld tell somebody of his in-
tentions who would tell the speculators of it.
Again, there may be a change in the Adminis-
tration; and 1 would like to ask how many gentle-
men upon this side of the House would vote for
this measure if they were sure that Father Abra-
ham were not going to be our next President of
the United States, but that some other individual
was? I am thankful he is to be our next Presi-
dent; but I ask, how many gentlemen upon this
side of the House would vote to'give this power
to the last Secretary of the Treasury, for instance,
before the Democratic dynasty went out? I am
glad to see gentlemen on the other side of the
House voting both ways upon this question. It
is ail argument against total depravity, that even
Democrats eun vote right sometimes, and some of
them rote right when they divide in voting. I am
happy to see it.
1 say if a change in the Administration should
take place, and some one whose name is familiar
to gentlemen on this side of the House should oc-
cupy the Secretary's place, would they intrust
that gentleman with this power ? I will vote upon
this question in such way that I shall not have to
change my vote if after the next presidential elec-
tion the same question should arise again and I
should be-so fortunate or so unfortunate as to rep-
resent a constituency here.
There is still another objection. I look upon
the exercise of such a power as is asked to be
conferred upon the Secretary of the Treasury as
a disgrace to the nation. What is it? I have
heard it said upon this floor that it looks like and
will lead to repudiation. Why,it is repudiation;
it is nothing else. May I buy up my own secu-
rities in the market for sixty cents and say I have
not repudiated the additional forty cents? It is
repudiation. There is no knowing how long this
war is going to continue, though I hope not long,
and believe it will not run far into Mr. Lincoln's
second term. But suppose it should continue, and
suppose by some unfortunate turn of events our
legal tenders should go down in price until it will
take a bushel of them to be worth a dollar in gold,
would you then let the Secretary of the Treasury
go into the market and buy them at the market
price, without calling the Administration that per-
mitted it dishonest? You are asking that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall be empowered to do
what an individual could not do without being
called a dishonest man. You say probably that
it is no more harm for the Government of the
United States to buy the legal tender at a dis-
count than for an individual to do it; but remem-
ber that these legal tenders are the promises to pay
of the Government. Suppose a man should put
his promises to pay out in such profusion that
they would not bring their face in the market, and
that he should go into the maiket by his agents
and buy them at themarket value, would you call
him an honest man? I would say that he repu-
diated that part of his debt which was over the
market value of his promises to pay, and the com-
mon sense of mankind would bear me out in the
assertion.
Mr. Speaker, to conclude, inasmuch as I be-
lieve this power to bo unnecessary,ineffectual for
the purpose for which it is asked, and dangerous
tu be conferred upon any one, with the exception
of Mr. Chase individually, certainly dangerous to
be conferred upon those who surround him, be-
lieving that this measure will lead to repudiation
and that it is in fact repudiation, I am unwilling
to legislate thus, and I shall therefore vote against
the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
do not use for the purpose of discussing the mer-
its of the hill. I rise merely for the purpose of
defining iny position in a very few words. I will
remark that in all my observation of men I have
never yet met with any one man who understood
till sciences and all branches of business. Men de-
vote their attention to different occupations and
to different branches of business. One man be-
comes an expert in this direction and another in
that. One man devotes himself to the practice of
law, another to medicine; their opinions are sought
for, and in matters relating'to their professions,
they are highly esteemed. So it is in this body—
some men from their habits and pursuits are com-
petent to judge in particular matters.
The Committee of Ways and Means are se-
lected with a view to their capacity in financial
measures. So, too, with the Committee on the
Judiciary. They are chosen by reason of their
supposed legal attainments. And so it is with all
the committees of Jhis House. Again, as we rise
in the Government, the Cabinet is formed upon
this same principle. We have a Secretary of State
and a Secretaiy of the Treasury who have been
selected with a view to their fitness for those po-
sitions.
An individual seeking to understand the finan-
cial necessities of our Government would hardly
go to the Commissioner of Agriculture for his in-
formation; a person wishing to post himselfupon
the agricultural operations of the country would
hardly go to the Secretary of State. The person
seeking such information would naturally apply
to the officers of the Government who have
devoted themselves to the subject in question.
Taking this view of the subject, I apply it to this
question also. I do not profess to understand
everything relative to the finances of the country,
and hence I am inclined to defer to the committee
which has that subject specially in charge; they
were selected with a special view to their knowl-
edge of these subjects. I would not, of course,
allow that committee to override my own judg-
ment when I was fully convinced of the facts in
any given case, and believed the committee were
in error, but I would defer to their opinion "where
1 was not myself fully informed upon the sub-
ject in hand, and no great principle was thereby
sacrificed.
To carry this idea still further, the Secretary of
the Treasury has shown himself to be a very com-
petent officer. I have not heard any member
speak upon this floor who has not eulogized his
skill and abili ty. He has won a reputation equal
if not superior to that of any man now living or
.known in past history, for astuteness and ability
in conducting the financial affairs of this Govern-
ment. I defer, therefore, in a great measure to
his judgment in relation to these matters. I know
that in times past his policy has been condemned
by some men professing great skill, but experience
has shown, in the practical working of the Govern-
ment, that the policy so condemned has not been
a mistaken one. The present financial condition
of the Government is the best eulogy that could
be accorded tohis policy. Ttchallenges aparallel.
Mr. WILSON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New York whether he has any as-
surance that the Secretary of the Treasury desires
the passage of this bill, or approves this policy?
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I will answer
the gentleman. I have listened this morning to
the reading of a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury in this House. Besides, I know that
the Secretary is in favor of this bill, and desires
its passage. I know that he does not expect it
will be a panacea, that it will reach every disease
and difficulty that may arise; but he regards it as
a measure which will aid lnm in carrying forward
the purposes of the Government. It will operate
as a check upon gold-jobbers, and promote the
interests of the Treasury in numerous ways.
Some of the opponents of this measure object
to it because other legislation has not taken place,
because other provisions in relation to foreign ex-
change are not embraced in this resolution. If 1
wish to go to my room I must take one step in
advance of the other; and shall 1 object to going
because I cannot take fifty steps at once? This
is the foundation measure, the first step. Let us
take this step, and others will follow. The Sec-
retary is in favor of it. His great judgment ap-
proves of it. His skill in finance commends itto
consideration. But he does not attempt improp-
erly or in any way to influence this House. It
by no means is a cherished object of his. It is
due to him and to this House that we should know
his views on the subject. With his great experi-
ence and vast responsibility in the premises I sub-
mit he should be consulted. I believe that we
should aid the Secretary and should defer to his
opinions. On him rests the responsibility of rais-
ing money and sustaining the credit of the coun-
try; hence Congress should counsel and cooper-
ate with him in matters obviously important.
I have occasion to believe, Mr. Speaker—and
I have the highest authority jfor the belief—that
the Executive approves of this measure. He is
intimately connected with the Secretary, has the
same high claim to consideration, has the same
responsibility resting upo'n him; and upon him, in
common with other branches of this Government,
devolves the duty of shielding and protecting the
Treasury and the depreciation of our currency.
But 1 arose merely to say that unless I had pos-
itive knowledge of the subject, unless I claimed
to be superior to those who have devoted their
lives to the subject in question, and to those on „
whom the responsibility rests, I would, in the
absence of infallibility on my side, modestly de-
fer somewhat to those who have the responsibil-
ity, and whose experience fits them to judge so
eminently of the necessities and the wants of the
■Government. I shall, therefore, sustain the
amendment as it came from the Senate,
Mr. DENISON. Mr. Speaker, I shall vote
against the proposition to allow the Secretary of
the Treasury to sell gold, and it is proper that X
should give a single reason for such vote.
The distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Alley,] in discussing this proposition
yesterday, madea very eloquent speech, bu t ithap-
pened to be upon the subject of taxation, and not
about selling gold. I have no fault to find with
