'2100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
juration or recognition, I make my choice of—
neither,
2d. That such restorations have been made in
other lands rent by civil conflict, I proceed in the
last place to sh®w. But such restorations have
never taken place in the case of an empire of in-
dependent provinces, governed by local laws, all
at once absorbed or compounded into a central
despotism. War cannot work such restoration;
or if war, under some mighty hand, ever does it,
the States disintegrate, and fall an easy prey to
military will or foreign subjugation. Violence
may preside at the birth of dynasties, but violence
is at the death-bed. Csesar may defy the Senate
• and cross the Rubicon; but Caesar had his Bru-
tus. _ The works of violence are soon changed.
No juggling plan can help them to success. Or-
der, intelligence, justice, and Providence do not
consist will) violence or fraud, or the results o£
violence and fraud.
Charlemagne with all his conquests, accom-
plished nothing; ail his >vorka perished with lum.
He was the meteor athwart the gloom of her-
balism and feudality. M. Guizot has displayed
liisgloiics and triumphs, I)is laws and reforms.
It lias been said that he founded nothing. He
founded all the States which sprung from the dis-
memberment of his empire. His empire had
great temporary unity; his power and design
were giand; but the disorder which sprung fiom
his centralization of power was invincible; and
all the unity of force died out with him. Where
over his terrible will did not reach in person, the
local autlioiities ruled; and when he died, his
dukes, vassals, counts, vicars, centeniers, and
scabma became independent, and resolved them-
selves into local legislatures. Ills vijst means of
government did not give liberty nor permanency.
In the letters of the intellectual " giant of those
days"—Atcum—to Charlemagne, we find the se-
cret of Charlemagne's success. That scholar con-
gratulates the emperor on his victories over the
lluns, and gives tliio advice for their reconcile-
ment: ]. " Sending among them gentle-mannered
men. 52. Do not require the tithe of them. It is
better to lose the tithe than to prejudice the peo-
ple."
Another writer gave to Charlemagne this ad-
vice: " Mortal, always be prepared to treat mor-
tals with mildness; the law of nature is the same
lor them as for thee. One sacred stream flows
lor thet:i as for thee " This is the philosophy
and religion of amnesty. Thus tutored, power
reached ilie individual by its mildness, like the
sun which melted the avalanche. Yet this grand
empire—belted in by a whole zone, under a prince
wi'ti a diadem more brilliant than that of Alex-
ander or Napoleon; where love on the one luind
and fear on the other kept obedience; ail em-
pire which had Rome for a citadel and the door-
keeper of heaven as a founder—on the death of
its benignant ruler, was cleft into dismembered
and bleeding fragments. What was a kingdom
became a Babel of jarring feudalities. The n:-
nius of its cohesion died and the cohesion ciuni-
bled. When . ur Constitution—the sacred £irat-
ness of which is beyond human name—shall die,
then another Guizot may leroril of our discord-
ani and dh.-rgent States, what he recorded of the
great enipne of Charlemagne: "Power and the
j.ation were dismembered because unity of power
and tin: nation was impossible."
' Truly there are fixed laws for the events of
history. Society revolves in an orbit. The
tenth century is reproduced in another era and
on another hemisphere, if the principle of co-
hesion in our country, the Constitution, expires
and t;,o sundered States are attempted to be blot-
ted out—lo! a central despotism for a few jamiio
months or years, to be followed by tlm'ty-four
or less Clashing organises! This is tl.c prrpet- j
unl cosmos of beauty and power to which Amer-
ica is invited by the destructives in power. '
1 be history of man fin six. thousand years
teaches t.iat k is impossible to contio! immense
regions and large masses of men under the ex-
clusive arbitrium of <>ne man or one central °ov-
er.iment, however wise,
The Kmperor of Russia understood this in
granting to Finland a free constitution and a local
representative assembly- and although lie fails to
treat Poiand with the same enlightened justice,
yet in the end he will bo compelled to grant her a
local constitution, or bid her depart in peace. Let
us con the lesson. What is the relation of Russia
to Poland now, after nearly fifty years of " settle-
ment" by the treaty of 1815? A secret govern-
meritsit viewless at Warsaw. Without a cannon
or a soldier visible,its poweris terrible. Russian
spies in vain seek for the implacable foe. Execu-
tions and confiscations are revenged by assassi-
nation and fire. Extermination is the only remedy
which Russia has contemplated in her tlilemma.
What advantage has Russia from such a rule?
Has it added to her strength, her stability, or her
grandeur? The throne before which three hun-
dred languages are spoken is powciless over a
desperate people. Brute force only destroys.
What revenue does she derive which is not ab-
sorbed? What can repay her for the odium of
her conduct amidst civilized nations? Wherein
does the new gospel of extermination in this coun-
try differ from that of the Russian policy toward
Poland? At the end of thirty years we may have
in the South what Russia has in Poland, only an
army which the population of the South will de-
spise and defy. We may gain the Mississippi;
but when; is its golden commerce? Where is its
golden prospeiity? Our-difficulties have been
great thus far in struggling lo hold the military
occupation and power we have attained ; but our
difficulties will have but begun when we begin
this executive system of amnesty as an instru-
ment to subjugate and exterminate.
The most absolute empires which the world
has witnessed have been but an aggregation of
provinces with the power intensely cenlialized.
In proportion to the centralization of tlieii'power
was their career bi ief and calamitous. Sometimes
the success and' ability of the ruler has given per-
manency and strength to the State; but, as in the
case of Charlemagne, so in the case of the ancient
eastern empires, the death of the ruler drsmem-
bcrs the realm.
Tliegieat Mesopotamia!! monarchy (Rawlm-
son 's Hot odotus, vol. 1, page 393, et scij.) was an
empire which was made up of a congeries of king-
doms. In proportion astliesiTretnuied their dis-
tincL individuality, remaining as they were before
their conquest—except the obligations toward the
paramount,uitlionty—the empire subsisted lon-
gest. When the local governments kept their old
laws, religion, lino of kings, law of succession,
their internal organization and machinery, only
acknowledging an external suzerainty, they pre-
served longest their heterogeneous materials in
one empire. But even in such an empiie there
were elements of dissolution.
These elements bear such a similarity to our
own lnstoiy that I shall < xaminc them for our
profit. " No sooner," says llavvlinson, " does
any untoward event occur, as a disastrous expe-
dition, a foreign attack, a doinesticconspiracy, or
even an untimely or unexpected death of the reign-
ing prince, than the inherent weakness of this sort
of government displays itself. The whole fabric
of empire falls asunder; each kingdom reasserts
its independence, tribute ceases to be paid, and
the misti ess of a hundred States finds herself sud-
denly thiust back into the piiiuitive condition,
stripped of the dominion which has been her
stiength, and thrown entirely on her own re-
sources. Then the whole task of reconstruction
has to be commenced anew; one by one theiebel
count!ies are oveirun, tnbute is rc'imposed, sub-
mission reinforced. Progiess is, of course,slow
and uncertain where the empire has to be built up
again irom its foundations, and where at any time
a d.iy may undo the work it has taken centuries '
tu m.x<mip}i5sh.,>
Shall tins chapter be the record of our history ?
Already we appionch its fulfillment, i will not
go to Virginia or Tennessee or Arkansas. Let
nie take Louisiana, and from one State learn the
fate of Others. Go to-day into theiich heart of
that tropical rotate, wheie the oiange blooms m
the air ot winter, or visit it in the summer when
the woods and helds arc luxunantwith their leafy
life. You will find the fields no longer omilent
with corn, cane,or the cotton. There's theluxu-
nauee of weeds«nd decay. The undiairied plant-
ation is becoming the swampy pleasure ground
of the alligator and moccasin. A few acres of
corn, a few bursting pods of cotton mark the spot
where Government farms, with disinterested be-
nevolence, by means of freed labor! The sparse
crops are choked by the growth of weeds. The
speculator, with km haste for "one crop tuiy-
v 
how," is despoiling all. The infusion of new
life, the restoration of the past prosperity which
we were promised, is sadly evidenced by the nun
of houses and estates and the appearance of a
speckled hybrid population, the half breed bas-
tards born of barbarism, whose mothers have
ceased to be slaves with the largest liberty to be—
worse ! The imperial city of New Orleans, which
was the fitting entrepot for the resources of the
great valley of the Mississippi, still remains, but
alas, how changed ! The scream of the steam
pipe, the song of the boatman, the bustle of the
levees, and the busy throng of the marts of com-
merce are all gone, for order has been established
wheie Butler has reveled !
Militarypower is the same to-day which it was
under the satrapies of the Orient. There is in it
no element of allegiance and no resuscitation of
nationality, for it is a system of constraint and
does not leach the individual except to exasper-
ate and oppress. Our radical reasoneis have
talked glibly of their military governors for re-
bellious provinces when subjugated. But Mr.
Sumner has become frightened at the apparition
ofCiomwell's Iiish ba'shaws, and favors instead
the congressional rule of the conquered provinces.
The gentleman from Maryland would sends pro-
visional bngadier to the States, Mr. Lincoln
sets up one tenth over the nine tenths, and his
own will over all. They forget the principle in-
volved. They ignore the history I have given.
It is not who shall thus govern, but shall this sort
of government be allowed to any one? " Shall
Congress assume jurisdiction of the rebel States ?"
is the question of Mr. Sumner. He holds that
the States are blasted as senseless communities,
who have sacrificed their corporate existence
which made them living, component members of
our Union of States; that the States having ab-
dicated, the right to rule them is transferred to
Congress. Mr. Lincoln holds that himself and
an oligarchy of one tenth shall perform the same
function. Suppose, then, Congress govei ns them;
by what agents will it govern? Men selected by
the people of the States? Not at all. That is
what is sought to be avoided. Wherein, then,
will such congressional government differ from
the military satraps or bashaws selected'by the
President, or even by the tenth of the people
selected for their anti-slavery oaths?
If the States are obliterated and the source of
power is Centralized at the Federal capital, where-
in does such a Government differ from the rank-
est oriental despotism? What will be our fate
with such despotism? Histoiy is like Meilm's
magic mirror, in which we may read our own
future. The seeming strength of such a system
as conquered provinces, or oligarchical States, to
take the place of the Constitution and local Stale
governments, is lis weakness. Such a system is
not to be commended for the imitation ot'Anglo-
Saxon people. Be assured, Representatives, that
the people of America will never accept such a
system in lieu of their old any more than they
will accept presidential edicts for legislation, State
suicide for.State iesuscitatiou, or an abolition tithe
suffrage for the sovereignty of the people!
Witl^such a programme of ty lanny against the
States South, how is it possible to presetve the
libemes of tin; ople INo11h ' Can such an im-
ase, part biass and part clay, stand? Will not a
Government, despotic as an oriental empire to-
ward one half of the nation, become intolerable
and oppressive to the other half? Let the expe-
nence of the people under the war power answer.
Let the stifling of free speech and free thought,
the censorship of the teleguph and surveillance
of the mails, the arbitrary seizure and imprison-
ment of opposing partisans, and the military con-
trol over ballot-boxes, courts, and people answer!
Shall the attempt to restore the States, therefore|
he given up? Shall our armies be disbanded in'
thejiresence of rebellious armies? Not at all.
To restore allegiance and inspire nationality
let tiie individual rebel in arms against us be
reached by the aim of our soldier, and when a non-
combatant by the modciation and paternal care
of tin Government. Let the military power of the
contedeiates be bi oketi. Use those and only those
severities of war which civilization warrants and
which will make the military power of the South
feel the power of the nation; but do not place any
longer in their hands the armament of despair.
1 ney have had that weapon for over two years.
