3076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
to going into executive session and upon this mo-
tion, because I thought it would be better in good
temper and without undertaking to impugn the
motives of brother Senators here, or insinuate that
any improper influences are at work with any-
body (for 1 assume that there are none any where,)
to go on and finish the bill and vote upon it, either
reject it or pass it as may be thought advisable.
For myself I prefer to see it passed, but I should
have no sort of feeling if the Senate rcjcct it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not choose to take
the lecture which the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois had seen fit to read to me, without a word of
reply, e.ven at the risk of being considered ill-
natured; and the reply that I shall make will be
purely in self-defense. I made the careless re-
mark that with regard to the remedy afforded by
reserving the right to repeal the bill, it was no
remedy at all, and everybody knew it was not,
that the same influence—I cannot repeat the exact
language—which would puss a bill that woa im-
proper would prevent us being repealed. I did
not mean to be understood, of course, as imput-
ing corruption or wrong to anybody; but any
one who has seen the course upon this bill to-day
can see that there is a very strong feeling about
it. I do not impute any feeling to the honorable
Senator from Illinois, because all of us who know
llim know that he is always so perfectly calm
and self-possessed, and cares so little even foi his
own opinions, and is always so ready to yield,
that any thing of that kind would not apply to
■ him of all men in the world.
What K meant is very simply stated We ail
know that there has been great interest about this
bill, that there have been lobby agents, that mem-
bers of the Senate have been talked to, and their
aid solicited, and their feelings have become in-
terested to some degree, and their opinions have
been pietty sfrongly formed. Can that be de-
nied? I have seen it over and over again in the
Senate in different quarters.
Mr. CONN ESS rose.
Mr. FESfciENDEN. No, sir, 1 beg not to be
interrupted.
Mr. CONNESS. A very queer way to beg.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is my way.
Mr. CONN ESS. it is a very bad way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a matteroftaste.
Mr. CONN ESS. Well, sir, it is bad taste.
The PU.ESIDENT pro tempore. Order!
Mr. F ESS EN DEN, At any rate, 1 do not
choose to be interrupted now. f have seen bills
here over and over again in which there hay been
a very considerable feeling exhibited on the part
of the Senate. I did not impute conuption or
wrong motives toanybody. Look atthecncum-.
stances of the case. This morning the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts told the Senate, what
we knew before, that there were very important
bills in ielation to military affairs that he desired
and that the War Department were very anxious
should be disposed of, and wc aie just ut the heel
of the session; and yet on a yea and nay vote
those bills, pressing as they are, weie laid aside
for this private enleiprise, for the passage of
which there is certainly no very great haste, ft
exhibited to me a pretty strong feeling on the
subject and a pretty strong desire to put it through.
But in the remark I made 1 did not mean—and
the Senator had no right to draw that conclusion—
to impute improper motives to anybody, so that
so far as any unparliamentary language or im-
proper insinuation is concerned, it conies fiom
him and not from me. Il«  should wait until I
use language that necessarily conveys an impios-
sion of that sort, and not that may be tortured
into it by one who is disposed to make a speech
about it.
That is all I have to say on that particular part
of the subject, but one word more to my friend
from Illinois. He feels disposed, and lie exhibits
it on a great many occasions, to take me up very
shatply if I by accident say any thing that allows
him to do it. I have lepeatedly explained and
repeatedly said to him that he misunderstood me;
but fhi-ic is hardly an occasion, if he is present
in the Senate, when 1 drop a word which can be
misconstrued, that my vei y excellent friend from
Illinois does not exhibit the determination to put
it in its worst attitude befoie the Senate. I think
he is unjust to me m that particular, and I have
gone as far in my explanations to lum both in ■
public and in private as I am disposed to do; but 1
if he is determined to press a quarrel on me, he
shall have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Illi-
nois presses quarrels upon nobody, and never
manifests a disposition to misconstrue anybody.
The Senator from Illinois protects himself in his
own way against the imputations even of the
Senator from Maine 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Maine
has made none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Or any other person who
thinks it in his line of duty to make those insinu-
ations; and the threat of a readiness to quarrel
will not deter me at any time from maintaining
what I believe to be the just rights of a member
of the body or the just rights of the body itself.
In my judgment, remarks impugning the mo-
tives of Senators are unparliamentary.
Mr.' FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask 
Mr. TRUMBULL. When I am through, not
till then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to ask just here
what 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois does not yield the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will keep
his seat until 1 am through, and then he may
make such lemarks as he thinks proper. In my
judgment, remarks imputing impropei motives
to members of the body arc unparliamentary. I
so understand the parhamentaiy law. In that I
may be in error, but that in my view. 1 am not
the only Senator who regaided the lemarksof the
Senator from Maine as unparliamentary. Sen-
ators older than I am and of longer service spoke
of them as unparliamentary at the time. The Sen-
ator from Maine may not be aware, 1 do not think
he is aware, of the—manner—I hardly know what
expression to use—he can hardly be aware of the
bitterness that seems to be conveyed, not inten-
tionally I hope, by insinuations of this kind. I
am not alone in the Senate, I am not alone among
the members of this body who think there is
hardly an associate of the Senator from Maine
that some time or other he has not taken occasion
to make remarks that have led to 
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will yield the floor when
I am through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin ri&es to a question of order.
Mr. TLiUMBULL. I will hear the question,
Mr. DOOLI ITLE. My point of ordeiisthat
the motion to go into executive session is not
debatable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is too lat^ to raise that
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question is made. I
ask for a decision on it.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I raise the question. I
think the motion is not debatable, to this extent,
at all events.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the opin-
ion of the Chair a motion to go into executive
session under the practice is debatable to a cer-
tain extent, but the Chair will take occasion to
say that this debate has been entirely outof order,
and beyond the proper range of debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
j M r. FESSENDEN. I hope not. The Sen-
' ator from Illinois ought not to be cut off in the
I middle of a tirade of lecture upon me, and I have
j no chance to reply to it. That is unjust.
Mr. JOHNSON. The motion toadjouin per-
haps is not debatable, but I will say that I want
' to cut him off; I want to stop the debate.
Mi. FESSENDEN. It is very unjust to me.
Tie is charging me with giving offense to the mem-
bers of the Senate. I could characterize that thing
elsewhere, perhaps, in language that I could not
use here.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and I ask that the
18th rule of the Senate be read.
The Secretary ie«d, as follows;
u lb. On a motion made and seconded to shut the rioois
of tin- Senate, on th< du^eu^-ion of' <my business which
may, m the opinion of a menibei, require *eerecv, Hie Pie*.- I
idem bliaii dirvr-r the gallery ro he eh aad ; and'duimg the :
discussion of sue!; mouuii the doois sii.iij jomain shut," j
Mr. HALE. With great dot' 'rence to my !
friend from Iowa, that rule does not apply, ft
has no reference to going into executive Mss'don.
I ask the Senate to indulge me for a moment. The
question now before the Senate I believe is de-
batable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The appeal is
debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the motion was
to adjourn.
Mr. HALE. The question is on the appeal
from the decision of the Chair. The rule to which
the Senator from Iowa alludes I never saw acted
under but once, and many members here will
recollect the time. Once Mr. Mason, of Virginia,
wanted us to go into executive session. The Sen-
ate refused, by a large majority, to go in. Ho in-
sisted on it; he said it was in his power, under the
rules of the Senate, to compel the Senate to shut
the doors; and lie lead that rule, and stated that
there was business which required secrecy, and
thereupon, witliouta vote of the Senate, the Chair
ordered the room to be cleared. The i ule relates
to an entirely different case. If, in the course of
legislation, any one member of the body has mat-
ter to lay before the Senate which he thinks
should be debated in secret session, and he so
states, he has a right to have the Senate cleared,
without any vote; but it has no reference to an
executive session.
Mr. HARLAN. I differ with the Senator as
to the plain meaning of the language. What is
meant by an executive session? 1 suppose that
when construed it means that the doors be closed
for fho consideration of secret business. It can
have no other meaning. There is no other rule
for going into executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, "Shall the decision 
Mr. JOHNSON. Does this appeal supersede
my motion to adjourn?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand the Senator as insisting on that
motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have, in common I think
with nearly all the members of the Senate, listened
with regret to the difference which, perhaps more
from accidental circumstances than anything else,
has arisen between the Senator from Illinois and
the Senator from Maine. It has been my good
fortune to have constant association with the Sen-
ator from Maine and to listen to his debates on
this floor; and peihaps to have still more associa-
tion because of the iclation in which I stand to
him as a member of the committee of which he is
chairman, with the Senator from Illinois. I think
peihaps they have misunderstood each other. If
the Senator from Illinois supposes that it is the
impression of the Senate that the Senator from
Maine by his course in this body has been so
particularly unfortunate as to have placed him-
self in an offensive attitude to the members of the
Senate, 1 am sure that he is mistaken. We are
all of us more or less at times under the control
of impulses, and we have all of us at times uttered
ma moment of excitement what we afteiwnrds
upon cooler reflection much regret. The Senator
from Maine will pardon me for saving, as I say
it in his presence, that notwithstanding there may
be in his temperament or character a tendency to
those impulses, there is more than a countervail-
ing quality winch he ever exhibits: thatis to say,
a generous nature which when it is, as it almost
always is, manifested, gives to him as a member
of this body a character of great fairness and emi-
nent ability. If he ever has offended any mein-
hei of the body, or wounded his sensibility, it
has ever been from a sense of the necessity of
vindicating himself, and with no purpose of in-
flicting a wrong. It is, Mr. President, a part of
the nature of an elevated man that, however sen-
sitive he may be to any assault direct or indirect
upon his own character, the moment he has de-
fended k all feeling of anger terminates and ho
appears in the character which Providence has
given him. In the instance of the Senator from
Maine he has reason and his State and his ft jends
have reason to be gratified with and proud of the
character which he possesses in the estimation of
the Senate and of the country.
I make the same observations of the honorable
chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Pres-
ident,! have lived a good d^al longer than either
of these two Senators, and have outlived the ex-
citement to which I was subject in my earlier
