1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Let our rulers forego their ostracism of the mis-
guided citizen. Let an amnesty be tendered winch
has hope in its voice. Give forgiveness to the
ertine, hope to the desponding, protection to the
halting, and allay even fancied apprehensions of
evil by the measures of moderation. Thus, by
confiscating confiscation, abolishingabolition, and
canceling proclamations, by respecting private
propeuy and Stale lights, prepare that friendli-
ness winch will beget confidencc in the individ-
ual citizen. Thus will minorities be transferred
into majorities South, and the States discarding
the rebel authorities betake themselves to their
normal and proper sphere under the old order. If
this cannot be done by the present rulers, let other
ruleis be selected. History teaches in vain if it
does not contain lessons of moderation in civil
wais. How were the feuds of the Grecian feder-
ation accommodated? How were the civil wars
of Rome ended? How were thenntestine troubles
of England assuaged? How was La Vendee paci-
fied by the generous Hochc ? How is it ever that
unity of empire and consentaneity of thought are
induced? How, except by the practice of that
mildness which cares for and does not curse the
people? When Athens undertook to succor Mity-
lene from the Persian grasp, a confederacy was
formed between them. Athens used her power
despotically. Mitylenc revolted. Athens grasped
her. Perfidy began. Destructive malignaiUs—
the Jacobins of that day, led by Cleon—instigated
Athens to doom the citizensof Mitylene to death,
their women to servitude, and thiir lands to deso-
lation. But another and a better party arose, who
strove to assuage grievances, prevent rebellion,
and save the honor and unity of the republic.
44 When all hopes of success have vanished," said
one of the wiser orators, " your rebellious sub-
jects will never bo persuaded to return to their
duty ; they will seek death in the field rather than
await it from the hand of the executioner. Gather-
ing courage from despair, they will either repel
your assaults or fall a useless prey." Wisdom
prevailed, and the glory of the Grecian States re-
mained untarnished.
Hut a more conspicuous analogy to our own
Revolution is to be found in the Marsian war of
Rome. The Marxians claimed the privileges of
Rome, whose empire they had enlarged and sup-
ported by their arms. They were the bravest
soldiers of the empire, but they weie denied equal
rights in the State, which had been raised to em-
inence by their prowess. This war consumed
above three hundred thousand of the youth of
Italy. Finally, Rome conquered by recruiting
hei strength from the " border States," to whom
she communicated her privileges. The only thing,
says the historian, which saved Rome, was the
fact that the Latin colonies remained faithful; for
immediately after the commencement of the war
the Romans made up theirminds to reward them
with all the rights of Roman citizens. This de-
cree js called the lex Julia. These allies were
won by something more than an amnesty of hate.
The giandcst empire of the past was rescued from
internal feuds by the wise moderation of its
statesmen.
When again Rome was racked by civil war,
the wises! statesman of that turbulent and ambi-
tious era, Cicero, summed up the duty of the pa-
triot in this sentiment, which we might ponder
with profit:
" f Mini I willingly adopt your advice and show even
leniiy, and u.-c mv endeavor- to eoneiinue i'ompev. Let
11^ try if. by tfioe means we can regain lliu aiiVetions of
all people,"and lender om vieuny l.i-tmL'. Let r!n- Ik- a
new meliiod ot coiiqueung, to toiufy ourselves with kind-
ness and libeiality,:'
The closest analogy to our condition is to he
found in the English civil war beginmg m 1640.
The English people are our ancestors. They
had what we have—a .similar code of personal
freedom,etcat municipal independence and a pop-
ular Parliament. The causes of the war were
complicated by religious controversy; but the
questions involved concerning the royal preroga-
tive and the popular piiviiegcaie closely allied
to our struggle. We know how the firstCharles
lost his head; how Cmm well's iron hand rescued,
for a time, England from anarchy. At his death,
eleven military governments, under major gen-
erals like Monk, held almost absolute sway. The
thiee nations weie lepre&ented m one Pai hament,
which, on Cromwell's death, had been dissolved
for indocility. Conspuators had been punished
with death. Confiscations were common. Yet
a counter revolution began. Terror began it.
Cromwell's grasp was relaxed on his death. His
son, wiser than most men in power, convoked a
Parliament. The army still reigned. It had been
corrupted by power. The result of intrigues for
the general safety was a union of the royalist and
Presbyterian. But before the old authority of
the Smarts could be restored one element was
wanting. Itwassupphed. Party vengeance was
rampant then as now,butthe people's represent-
atives considered that they had to decide between
a newcivil warand a restoration. Thelatterwas
represented as clement, unexacting, prudent,and
determined to adapt itself to the rrjanners and
wants of the time. Then came the famous dec-
laration of Charles II from Breda. It removed
all hesitation, and the restoration began. The
king in that paper declared that he desired to com-
pose the distraction and confusion of his king-
dom, to assume his ancient rights, and accord
to them their ancient liberties, without further
" blood-letting." He therefore granted an am-
nesty to all who would return to their obedience.
He gave his kingly word that "no crime what-
soever committed against us or our royal father
shall ever rise in judgment to the least endam-
agement of them, either in their lives, liberties,
or estates; we desiring and ordaining that hence-
forward ail notes of discord, separation, and dif-
feience of parties be abolished, tie conjured
them to a perfect union for the resettlement of
all rights, under a free Parliament."
When this declaration was read in Parliament—
though it was the false word of a designing ty-
rant—yet the restoration of the second Charles
was voted by acclamation! It was alleged that
the declaration not only comprehended the mo-
tives but the conditions of the recall. Perhaps
the people's representatives were precipitate in
not first settling conditions by a " free Parlia-
ment." Rut the amnesty and declaration were
none the less powerful. Nor would the same sort
of declaration fiom Abraham Lincoln be less pow-
erful to restore the sovereign States to their old
allegiance, especially if followed by a national
convention and the restoration of a party not un-
friendly to the entire union of all the States, with
their "just rights." No distiust followed this
declaration of the English king. He came to
England. His journey to London was one per-
petual fete—one continued shout of rejoicing!
Faction ceased. History lecord&that Cavaliers
wcreieconcilcd with Roundheads. Exiles showed
no resentment in the joy of their return. A vio-
lent reaction against revolution began; war ceased;
and the foundation was then laid for the perma-
nent stability which 1688 gave to England.
On the contrary, what a lesson may we learn
from the connection of 1 reiand with England, and
the policy of the latter in striving to subjugate the
former? From the time of the fiist and second
Charles—undei all lules—discontent and warfare
have pic vailed. The union purchased through per-
fidy and fraud, by appeals to the mercenary mo-
tives of men, has been a mockery. When Straf-
ford ruled Ireland he placed his captains and offi-
cers as burgesses in Parliament, who " swayed
between the two parties," and thtjs began the
corruption which ended m Irish subjugation. In
spite of the eloquence of Grattan and Plunkett,
Ireland at length became a dependency of the Biit-
lsh Crown. True, she had been despoiled befoie
the union. From the time when the Puritans
overran Ireland to exterminate and destroy, send-
ing thousands into tropical slavery and many
thousands into that other country where crime
breeds no more of its offspring, down to the 1st
of January, sixty-two years ago, when the im-
perial standard floating from Dublin Castle an-
nounced to Ireland the depth of her degradation,
and from that period to the present, there has been
no union, no peace, no justice, no content for
Ireland. That union, thus misbegotten of force
arid fraud, was weakness to England and ruin to
Ireland. In one rebellion alone, that of 1798,
there were twenty thousand loyal lives lost, and
(iffy thousand insurgents, and property worth
£15,000,000 A conspiracy here, a plot there, a
rebellion at the capital, a rismgat the extremities,
public waste, private impoverishment, general
coiruption, periodical starvation, political turpi-
tude and national bankrupt y, these arc thef.-at-
uiesof national thralluom which lieland presents
for our warning when we talk of subjugation and
confiscation. How much better "Would-it"ha?ec
been for both countries had the sagacious,advice
of Sydney Smith been followed when-he said: -
"How easy it if to shed human blood; how-easy it 14 to
persuade ouiselvesuun it is our dnryto do so,and tfmtthw
doci&ion lias cost us a severe struggle; bo-,w u uch, m.ajj
agps. liave wound* and shrieks and tear* fcPeii the cheap
and vulvar resource of the rulers of mankind"?' Thereof
I iove consists in finding out wherein suhjefctf are agwevW;
in relieving them, in studying Mie temper and gc*VHU*<of s*
people, in consulting their piejudicetf, in selecting proper
pcr&on^ to lend and manage'them in tUc laborious, watcll-
ful, and difficult task oflnci easing public Irappmfess by allay-
ing each particular discontent." ■
The wiser statesmen of England once learned
this lesson. They strove to apply it to America
in the Revolution of 1776. Every argument in
favor of an unrelenting and exterminating policy
by the British ministry was used and acted upon.
In vain Chatham, Barre, and Burke appealed.
Chatham, though provoked at oftr contumacy, as
we arc provoked at the conduct of the South, still
felt that provocation could no longer be treated
as such when it came from one united province,
and when ir was supported by eleven provinces
more. Accordingly in February, 1775, he intro-
duced a bill whose conclusion was, " So shall true
reconcilement avert impending calamity-.'* We
know the sequel, but do we heed the teaching?
When in I860 our wiser men strove to avert ca-
lamities by true reconciliation, who prevented?
Who yet stond in the«path of reconciliation, with
flaming two-edged sword, barring all ingr.ess to
the blessings of peace? Who clamor yet for a
dictatorial regime? Who shout for death penal-
ties, outlawries, forfeitures, and all the barbarous
schemes of vulgar despotism? Or who, on the
other hand, still hope for victory without repri-
sals; success without the tarnish or breach of the
Constitution; equality of rights without irrespons-
ible tyranny; free opinions freely expressed—the
only reward which a Union restored can grant,
worthy of the great sacrificc which the noble sol-
diers of the Republic have made?
Let us have done with juggling amnesties and
ambitious schemes, with philanthropic ferocity
and enforced elections. Under no such policy,
pitched in the key-note of the President's proc-
lamation, or chanted in the mellifluous tones of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] can
the South ever be held in honorable alliance and
harmony. A government inspiied thus would be
out of all relations to the States of this Union.
It would have neither u the nerves of sensation
which convey intelligence to the intellect of the
body-politic, nor the iigamentsand muscle which
hold its parts together and move them in har-
mony." It would be as Russia is to Poland, as
England to Ireland, the government of one peo-
ple by another. It would never succeed with our
race. It would never succeed with a territory
whose configurations are so peculiar and whose
interests are so varied as ours.
No citizenship is worth granting to those who
dishonor themselves to receive it. No common
bond of allegiance or nationality is possible on
such terms. Mean and degrading conditions
which unfit the citizen for manly equality are
more despicable than rebellion. You cannot ex-
pel the poison of sedition by adding to its viru-
lence. You cannot draw men from crime by
stimulating the motive which led to it. Not
thus, not thus were the early insurrections in' our
country assuaged. True, these rebellions'were
pigmies to this gigantic outbreak, but the prin-
ciple of their settlement iseternal, It is the very
gospel of God; the very love which saves man-
kind. Inspired thus, what might be done if a
wise and sagacious Executive should extend the
same beneficent policy to the factions which are
bleeding our beloved land !
Will our rulers heed these lessons in time?
While they return to the purpose of the war as
declared by General McClellan, for the sole great
object of the restoration of the unity of the nation,
the preservation of the Constitution, and the su-
premacy of the laws: and while they conduct it
as he declared it should be carried on, in conso-
nance with the principles of humanity and civil-
ization, abjuring all desire of conquest, all pro-
jects of iovenge,and all schemes of mock philan-
thropy, let them remember, also, that nil our
hihois to rebuild the old fabric will fail unless out
of the " brotherly dissimilitudes" of section and
interest we rccur to the historic and cardinal
