1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
It fs what honorable men have done in their busi-
ness. irt is what Governments have doneand what
Governments have always a right to do. By pur-
chasing greenbacks with gold and with them buy-
ing and"canceling the bonds of the Government
we would carry out this law in its full spirit.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell]
introduced an amendment which at first met with
my approbation, but when I came to reflect upon
it, it struck me that it was not practicable. The
substance of the gentleman's amendment is that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be authorized
to anticipate the interest and pay the under-due
"coupons with or without rebate of interest.
' Now, sir, would the men holding coupons pre-
sent them at the Treasury and have them paid in
gold presently? Men are governed by their in-
terests. Would it be for their interest to do so?
"Would it be a sagacious business transaction?
Sir, I think not; and why? Simply because they
would sec that there is a daily accumulation of
gold in the Treasury which the Government can-
not use, and they would know that where the ac-
cumulation is hoarded, and the supply conse-
quently jugt so much diminished, gold would go
up, and hence when the interest became due, say
the 1st of May, they would get an increased price
for the gold, which would more than compensate
for the aelayin the payment. Such, it strikes me,
would be the practical operation of the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Again, 1 am informed that the interest on money
in the market is only five per cent. Such being
the case, it isan additional reason why men will
hold on to these coupons and take their chances,
rather than receive the gold on them now.
Another argument, if 1 understand gentlemen
aright, is that we would, by selling this gold, in-
crease the price of gold and stimulate speculation
in the market. The gentleman says that uncer-
tainty is the great element of speculation1. When
you come to that kind of speculation that has the
characteristic of gambling you may legitimately
say that it is the uncertainty which stimulates the
speculation. Will this bill increase the element
of uncertainty? I contend, sir, that it would di-
minish it; and that by the aggregation of gold
hoarded up you stimulate speculation in the arti-
cle, and make the price of our currency depend-
ent upon the gold monopolists in New York. I
will illustrate it in my humble way. Suppose
there are one hundred thousand bales of cotton
in New York—not enough to supply the demand
—and hence speculation commences; and those
gentlemen who gamble in Wall street, finding but
a limited supply in the market, unequal to the de-
mand, take hold of the article and speculate in it.
What is the result? If. goes up, and up far be-
yond its real value. Now suppose some man,
while the speculation is raging, imports fifty
thousand bales, and holds it in the market. Ac-
cording to the gentleman's theory the holding of
this large amount would enhance the price and
increase the speculation in the cotton aheady
thrown upon the market for sale.
Would that be the effect? No, sir. Because,
cotton being above its real value, themnrket would
be controlled by the holder of this fifty thousand
bales, because the supply and demand are justso
much nearer equalized, his known to the -spec-
ulator that he can throw it upon the matkot at
any time, and the market becomes steady under
the influence, whether the cotton is sold or not.
If it is present, ready to bo thrown upon the mar-
ket, the unrest and disquietude disappear, and
the market gradually settles to a state of quietude.
When the man who has fifty thousand bales puts
such a portion of it upon the market as the de-
mand calls for, what is the offcct? Cotton falls,
and comes down approximately to its real value.
The same effect would be produced on the gam-
bling in gold by holding, with the power of sale,
the surplus gold in our Treasuty. Suppose that
not a pound of that cotton js sold, but is merely
held in the market; as I said before, it checks
speculation.
Now suppose the owner of the fifty thousand
bales should be enjoined from selling; what would
be the effect? Speculator would take advantage
of the fact, gambling would begin again, and the
market would go up. Apply the same principle
to gold. We will say the demand is not equal to
the supply, and that this, in connection with other
things, such as the condition of the country and I
the expansion of our currency, has brought the
price of gold up, so to speak. Now, the specu-
lator knows there is an accumulating fund in the
Treasury, which cannot.be used; and the more
you throw into the Treasury, and thus diminish
the supply, the more dishonest and reckless the
speculator becomes. Hence they go "kiting'Mn
gold because they see this large amount is locked
up in the Treasury and cannot be used. Now
give the Secretary power to bring this upon the
market, and what will be the effect? The same
as in the case of cotton*, and down will go the
price of gold. Speculators do not know that it is
to be thrown upon the market; but as there is a
po^er to put it on the market, speculation in gold
will be regarded as unsafe, and it is measurably
checked.
Again, the gentleman says, admitting that this
may exercise some influence on the price ofgold,
yet that influence will be temporary, and not per-
manent, and that we must legislate for a perma-
nent depreciation of the price of gold. Now, I
never saw a force put in motion which would not
expend itself. That is in accordance with the
laws of motion. If the Secretary of the Treasury
should see fit to put$l,000,000, or more, of gold
on the market, I do not pretend it would have a
permanent effect on the speculation in gold, but
it would have a temporary one, and the Secre-
tary having the power from time to time to pro-
duce this temporary effect upon speculation, it
becomes finally a permanent effect. One shower
of rain docs not have a permanent effectupon the
parched earth; but .shower after shower brings
foi th the bountiful harvest.
Now, sir, 1 must take issue with the gentleman
from Massachusetts upon another point made by
him,and I do so with great deference, as the gen-
tleman is evidently a business man and a saga-
cious merchant, fie says that this bill will not
materially influence the price ofgold because the
price of gold is governed by the price of exchange.
Now, sir, as a man of common sense, and not as
a man of financial experience, I do not see it in
that light. The pi ice of gold to a ceitain extent
regulates the ptice of exchange. The piice of
exchange ia greater than the price of gold to an
amount about equal to the costs* of insurance and
transportation. !f the gentleman's theory is cor-
rect, why ia it that when we passed his amend-
ment gold went up, and,as i understand, to over
159, but when the amendment of the Senate was
adopted, the result was that gold came down to
J50 ? The immediate elfect of the pass/ge of the
bill by the Senate was to bring gold down nine
or ton cents.
Now, sir, I believe, if we pass this bill, under
the operation of which gambling in gold will, in
my judgment, be checked, and if the Committee
of Ways and Means will speedily present a bill
for revenue wheieby the wealth and property of
the country will be taxed to pay the expenses of
this Government hereafter, so that there will be
henceforward no undue inilation of the currency,
gold will continue to decline. When speculators
see that our curicnoy is not to be inflated; when
they see that the propcity of the country is to be
taxed to carry on this w«u; that we aic getting
nearer and nearer to a sound, reliable basis,gold
goos down still more. Then let my friend fiom
Illinois, [Mr. Wasjiburne,] who has an eye on
Generm Grant, the lieutenant general of our ar-
mies, the man who occupies a position as hon-
orable and as fearfully responsible as any man on
earth, send for him to march the magmficentarmy
of the Potomac—as gallant an aimy as the sun
ever shone on—against General Lee. Let us have
a victory there; and then the combination of thes,e
three things—the passage of this bill, the taxing
the property of the country, and the driving to
the wall the rebel army—will run gold down to
thirty per cent, and exchange to foity, and that
is ns low as gold ought to be in time of war.
I know it is said to be dangerous to intrust these
great powers to the hands of any one man. I am
not one of those, sir, who believe that all virtue
died with our fathers, and that there is no more
purity m human nature. These are fearful times.
Powers must be granted; responsibility must be
assumed; and every officer of the Government,
high or low, must be held responsible to the sov-
ereigns of thy nation, the people themselves. Re-
frain fiom giving power to the heads of Depart-
! menis, and you weaken the Government itself.
The Secretary of the Treasury has probably the
weaknesses of other men. He has at least shown
himself to bea man of financial powers. He has
at least shown himself, so far, a man of great
honesty and integrity of purpose. I would give
him all the powers necessary for him to roll on
the wheels of Government until this cursed rebel-
lion is crushed forever; and I do not believe that
he^vill abuse that power. For these reasons, Mr.
Speaker, crudely expressed, not scientifically elab-
orated—for, as I said before, i am no financier—I
shall vote for the passage of this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I do not de-
sign to detain the House but a few minutes in
what I have to say on this subject; but I wish to
state what seems to me the present condition of
the question. There have been so many things
said, We have wandered so far from the proposi-
tions before the House, that I wish to restate the
condition of the question as it now lies before us.
This House passed a bill authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to dispose of the surplus
gold by anticipating the payment of interest on
the public debt. There were two principal rea-
sons assigned why we should dispose of the sur-
plus gold: first, because it was accumulating on
our hands faster than we had any legal means of
using it; and secondly, because, by thus accumu-
lating, it-was causing a continually increasing
stringency in the gold market, raising the price
of gold in consequence of governmental interfer-
ence with the market. It seems, therefore, just
that as, by law, we have interfered with the gold
market, wc should, by law, provide for curing that
interference. Wo all recognize the fact that if
gold continues to advance it very much injures,
not only thf people at large, but the Government
and its securities. It has been proved by more
accurate statistics than we had before us on the
8th of March, when the House acted on this mat-
ter, that by the 17th of July next there will be
nearly thirty million dollars of surplus gold in the
Treasury. That has been tested by the most
careful estimates possible, not only here, but in
the other wing of the Capitol.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there have been three ways
proposed by which we are to return this surplus
gold into general circulation. The first is by di-
rect sale—the proposition that comes to us from
the Senate. The second is, by anticipating the
payment of interest. And the third is, by creat-
ing a sinking fund as already provided for by law.
As to the second and third I have only a word to
say. To create a sinking fund as provided by
law is simply an absurdity. I see no wisdom in
buying up the bonds of the Government when we
are now borrowing $*2,000,000 a day to meet cur-
rent expenses of the Government. It makes the
Government enact the farce of borrowing money
of itself.
It is true that we are required by law to create
a sinking fund, but no one can charge us with a
breach of faith if we refrain from establishing
such a fund while we are still borrowing. We
•can repeal that law altogether, without any vio-
lation of the faith of the country.
Now, suppose we anticipate the interest on the
public debt, with or without rebate,-as provided
by the original bill which passed this House on
the 8th instant. Everybody knows that no man
would receive prepayment and allow an abate-
ment of interest. Why? Money in the New
York market is now worth but little more than five
percent., while the United States bonds are worth
six per cent., and of course no man will call in
his money drawing a larger rate of interest and
immediately reinvest it at a lower rate. There-
fore we may as well dismiss fiom ourminds any
hope that we can get a rebate by anticipating the
interest on our Government bonds; and the prop-
osition to undertake to pay our debts before they
are due, while at the same time we are borrow-
ing money to pay debts overdue, is so absurd that
a plain statement of it is the best refutation.
Another objection to the bill as it passed the
House is that the remedy is inadequate to meet
the difficulty we seek to obviate. If we conclude to
anticipate the payment of interest the process will
be so slow as to have no appreciable effectupon
the gold market. It takes weeks to make the small
monthly payments of interest as they become due,
and if we undertake to pay it before it is due the
process will be still slower, and will utterly fail
to bring down the price of gold. Let me read an
