2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
principles of State rights and local sovereignty,
and evoke the spirit of fraternity, which has its
true similitude in the perfect spirit of Christian
fellowship!
Pursuing such a course, we may, like the fu-
gitive prophet upon Mount Horel>, approach and
interrogate Deity itself in our despondency and
for our deliverance. And though, like him, we
roay hear the roar of the wave and the whirlwind
of war, though we may tremble amidst the earth-
quake of its wrath, and though God may not be
in the storm, the wind, or the earthquake, yet
we mayfind Him in th6 still,small voice, sweet,
clear, electric,
" Speaking of peace, speaking of love,
Speaking as angels speak above,"
whose depth and sweetness are not those of tem-
pestuous force or elemental strife, but soft as an
angel's hue oraseraph's song, promising redress
for wrong and deliverance from calamity. Ho-
reb stands as a monumental lesson to our rulers
forever, for it stands amid the shadows of Sinai,
speaking the still, small voice of divine concilia-
tion annd tho thunders of the law and the forces
of physical nature! 1 wait for that voice to be
spoken. My soul waiteth for it" more than they
that watch for the morning; I say, more than they
that watch for the morning 1"
Mr.BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, before any
steps can be safely taken for tho organization of
loc.il governments either by. or for the people in-
habiting the territory included within the eleven
once existing States, but now rebellious districts
of the Union, it is necessary for Congress and the
country to come to an understandmgof the legal
and constitutional relations subsisting between
tlwae people and the Government of the United
States.
It is my chief purpose, indeed I may say that
it is my only purpose, to contribute something,
if happily 1 may, to the attainment of that com-
mon understanding. But before I proceed to a
discussion of the questions involved in the bill
now under consideiaiion, I beg the indulgence of
the House while I allude briefly to the remarks
made by ilie gentleman from Ohio, my colleague
upon the committee that reported this bill, [Mr.
Ashley,] hi reference to the policy of the Pieai-
dmt in Louisiana and Arkansas, and to the con-
duct of General Banks in his administration of
the Department of the Gulf.
it ought to attract observation that since this
rebellion opened the Thirty-Seventh Congress
commenced its existence and ceased to exist;
that tins Congress is now closing the fifth month
of us First Session, and that up to this time no
efficient, indeed no legislative steps whatever have
been tak**nby which the Executive is to be guided
in the offuirs of the people occupying the tem-
tory that has been reclaimed from rebel domina-
tion. 'Under these circumstances I think it due
to the country that this House, at least, should
do nothing which conveys any reflection upon
his policy unless that policy be clearly and man-
ifestly in contravention of the Constitution or of
the well-ascertained and admitted principles of the
Government.
When the Mississippi river was opened to nav-
igation, when the subordinates of the rebel gov-
ernment at Richmond were separated from the
capital of the so-called confederacy, and the pop-
ulous parts of Louisiana were torn from rebel
dominion, and the State of Arkansas, in vari-
ous ways, indicated that there was an existing
opinion among the people in favor of a return to
the allegiance which was due from them to this
Government, the Executive had but one of thiee
courses before him: either to be Silent, to bo in-
active, to govern by military authority alone, or
else to establish a civil government, or at least
to take initiatory steps for the establishment of
such a Government, it was unquestionably Jus
right and duty, m the absence of all legislative
action, to govern these Territories as fast and as
far as they were reclaimed by military power.
I agree with what has been so often uttered
upon this floor, that, as far as practicable, we
should avoid the exercise of military authority in
the civil affairs of the people, 1 do not know that
anything has been done in Arkansas and Louisi-
ana mi the reestahlishment of civil authority that
is in contravention of the known principles of our
Government. The President has initiated steps
for the organization of civil authority, and in the
absence of legislative action here I hold it to have
been his duty to take steps in that direction.
Whatever may be our opinion of the President
on certain points, and I do not stand here or any-
where as his defender, but knowing that he has
marked peculiarities, I think I am justified in
saying that they are manifest only in the lack of
executive control over those intrusted with the
performance of administrative duties. I think
we ought to have confidence in an Executive who
from the year 1858, when he carried on the mem-
orable contestin Illinois with Douglas, until now,
has been true to the principles of human liberty
and true to the application of those principles
under the Constitution to the people of the coun*
try, both white and black,
A life of devotion to principle, a life of service
—and I make this remark not only with reference
to the President but to his subordinate who is
charged with the administration of affairs in
Louisiana—a life of service and a life indicating
capacity should not beset aside even in the pres-
ence of errors or of temporary disasters. There-
fore, though the President may have made mis-
takes in reference to affairs m Louisiana and Ar-
kansas it ill becomes any man who believes in
the principles of human liberty, and that they are
destined to control this continent, toairaign him.
I-Ie should stand justified when he has acted in
good faith, with loyalty to the Constitution and
with just regard to the rightsand liberties of this
great people. These remarks are applicable to
my friend who is charged with the conduct of
affairs in Louisiana. For twenty years and more
i have known General Banks. I have known him
to be a man of capacity, struggling against ad-
verse influences and adverse fortune almost from
the moment he crossed the threshold of manhood
to the present time. He has been often frowned
on by fortune; but he has, in all the emergen-
cies of his life, risen superior to the attacks of ene-
mies and even sustained himself against the as-
saults of fortune. Whateverother men may think,
it is my firm belief, even in the presence of what
seems to boa temporary disasterm military opera-
tions m Louisiana, that General Banks will do
his duty to the country and redeem the territory
west of the Mississippi river from the thraldom
of the tebellion.
Still further, without entering into an exam-
ination of particular tilings done in Louisiana,
I assert that from the moment New Orleans
was wrested from the grasp of the rebels until
now there has been no part of our territory re-
claimed from that control in which the rights
of the citizens have been as well protected as in
Louisiana, or where there has been so little of
personal Uouble and suffering, especially among
the black nice. To be sure wages have been
fixed for them, but they have been saved from
the lash of the taskmaster; they have been free;
they have been at liberty to choose their own
places ot laboi; and Louisiana is to-day free from
the institution of slavery. And I say more, upon
information received from many sources, that
Louisiana is nut only free from the existence of
the institution of slavery through the President's
proclamation, but she is becoming free through
the fact thathei people are being identified day by
day and week by week with the institutions and
principles of freedom. On many of the planta-
tions schools have been opened under the direc-
tion of General Banks for the education of chil- (
dren. Thus freedom is becoming the public !
policy in Louisiana, not through proclamations,
not through legislation, not through the Consti- ■
tution alone, hut through the settled conviction j
of the people that slavery is wrong and that free- ;
dom is right. I
And now I come to what I purpose to present 1
m the way of argument in favor of the passage !
of this Lull. It is necessary in the beginning that j
we understand the lggai and constitutional rela- I
tions subsisting between the people of the rebel !
districts of the country and the national Gov- i
ernment. Nobody denies that we are in the pres- '
ence of a great war, which taxes our capacity and ,
resources. The question is asked, and it has !
been often discussed, who is responsible for this i
war? The time will come when it will be of no ;
consequence who is responsible for this war. 1 j
am not sure that the time has not come aheady. '
I think the responsibility of the war is in the in-
stitution of slavery, in Us intrinsic incompatibil- i
ity with freedom everywhere and always; that it
was incompatible in the beginning, that it was
accepted as an existing fact in the States of the
country merely because our fathers saw no way
of escaping from its malign influence, and also be-
cause they labored under the hope, which has
proved thus far a delusion, that slavery was tem-
porary and would gradually disappear; that free-
dom was permanent,and would become universal.
Slavery has increased and strengthened in this
country under the influence of two considerations,
chiefly: first, the apparent pecuniary advantages
to be derived from it. Those advantages were
not real. The slaveholder and the slaveholding
communities were deceived. The result is seen
in the great fact that the slave States, with a more
inviting climate, with a more fertile so.il, have less
accumulated wealth than is possessed by the free
States as the products of the labor of one or two
hundred years. *There are no two slave States
in this Union that Massachusetts could not have
purchased in the open market when this rebellion
commenced. In this remark I exclude the idea
of property in human beings. That fact is due
to the circumstance that slavery, instead of being
a profitable, was an impoverishing institution.
But men rested in the belief that it was profitable,
and therefore they sought to maintain and ex-
tend it.
The other reason for fosteringand extending sla-
very in this country is found in the circumstance
that the politicians South and North gained power
by it. Chiefly, indeed exclusively as far as the
North is concerned,are they who sit on the other
side of the House, and their political predeces-
sors, responsible for this unholy alliance.
The spur of this revolution was in the census
of i860. It is a memorable fact, which has been
noted often, that in 1820, when the census dis-
closed the truth as to the relative growing power
of the North as compared with the South, and
ogam in 1830, and again in 1850, we were on the
brink of a revolution. At these several epochs
this great fact appeared with full force, and south-
ern leaders were aioused for the moment in the
hope that they could strike down in some way
or other the power of freedom upon this conti-
nent. In 1860 they saw it was impossible for
them to continue in the ascendant, and therefore
they sought u separation.
But, Mr. Speaker, the South has been guided
by men of sense and capacity. They did not
enter upon this revolution without counting its
cost, rhey estimated the cost upon the basis of
facts which were in their possession, and the evi-
dence which was in their possession tended to
this result: that there would be no war; that sep-
aration could be effected without a contest of
blood on their soil. In the peace congress it was
the constant cry of the secessionistsj" Give us the
assurance, radical men of the North, that there
shall be no war." And it was there and at that
moment that northern men failed to assert the
great truth which was in the hearts of the people,
that if these men persisted in the attempt to se-
cure secession there would be war. I believe if
northern men and men from the border States
had been faithful to truth and duty the calam-
ity of secession would have been averted. Mr.
Seddons, the present secretary of war for the
rebellious States, occupied fifteen minutes of
the time of the convention, after a motion was
made to adjourn sine die, in imploring the mem-
bers of that Congress to give them the assurance
that there would be no war. They believed that
there would be no war. Plow came they to en-
tertain that belief? They knew that we had two
and a half men for every one at the South. They
knew that we were vastly their superiors m all
the material resources of war. How came they
to believe that we would not exercise the powers
which we had? I can explain it only upon one
ground, the ground disclosed in the letter of
Franklin Pierce, the ground disclosed in the mes-
sage of James Buchanan in December, 18G0,
that if there was war it would be in the North.
I will take the responsibility of reading an ex-
tract from a speech made byanorthern man, Mr.
Stockton, of New Jersey, in the peace congress.
I have copied it from the notes prepared by Mr.
Chittenden, and they correspond with my own
minutes made at the time and with my recollection
of the reimuks made by Mr. Stockton. He said:
I know that tln-s Uihoh cannot be dissolved without a.
