3078
THE COJSTGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'June 18,
frame, William B. Washburn, Wiialey, Wheeler, Chilton
A. Wluso, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom. Winficld,
and Woodbiidije—99.
N AYs*—Me?->t.j James G. Aden Ancoua, Augustus C.
Oudwm, Bian, Cre w. li, 'uavv-oe, Eden, l^inek, Ganson,
Hauling. Uutc'uo^ Long, M'-Duweil, Jameo It. Morris,
Noble, Scon. Utiles, find Thomas—19.
NOT VOT(<\*(jr—Messis. William J. Allen, Allison,
Amev, Anderson, Ashley, Ambrose VV. CiaiK, Fieeman
Claike, Clay. Coffroth, Cox, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Donnelly, Dttmont, Grider, Grinnell, liall, Har-
rington, iJeajg.mln G. Harris, liernek, flolman, Hooper,
Ifulbnul, J-mckes, K<ilMloi>eh, K«lley, King, Lazeai,
Lutiejohn, Maliory, Marcy, McAllister, MeKinney, Mid-
dleton, William H. Miller, OanielMorueiji'Morr^on, NeNon,
Norton, John O'Neill, Pendleton,Pomerov, I'i nyn, Samuel
J. Randall, William H. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James
3. Rollins, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stebbins, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Stuart, Sweat, Tiacy, Voorhees, Watd,
Welistei, J< eph W. White, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, and Yeainan—64.
£k> all further proceedings under the cull were
dispensed with.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill of tiie Senate (No.
145) to equalize the pay of soldiers in the United
States Army; that it had insisted on its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House to the bill
of the Senate (No. 55) m relation to the circuit
court in and for the district of Wisconsin, and
(brother purposes; agreed to the conference asked
by the House on tho disagieeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and appointed Messrs. Trum-
bull, Collamer, and Powell the conferees on
Us part; that it had insisted on its amendments,
disagreed to by the House, to bill of the House
No. 450, to provide for the repairand preservation
of certain public works of the United States;
agreed to theuonferenco asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
appointed Messrs. Chandlku, Morrill, and
Morgan the conferees on its part; that it had fur-
ther insisted on its amendments, disagreed to by
the House, and also on its disngieement to the
amendments of the House to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of ihe House (No. 19s2) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, executive^
and judicial expenses of the Government for Ihe
year ending 30th June, 18t>5; agieed to the further
conference asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses ihereon, and appointed
Messrs. Wherman, Cowan, and Davis the con-
ferees on Us part; ami that it had insisted on its
amendments, disagreed to by the House, and also
disagreed to the amendments of the House to its
amendments to the bill of the House (No. 405) to
provide internal revenue to pay the interest on the
public debt, and for other purpose*, agieed to the
conference asked by the Uou.se on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and"appointed
Messrs. Fesskndisn, Howe, and Van Winkle the
conferees on its part.
PAY OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the committee r>f con-
ference on thedisagreeing votesofthe two Houses
on the bill of the Senate (No. 145) to equalize
the pay of sohiieis in the United States Army,
uubmitted the following report:'
The committee of eonldence on Ihe part of the Senate
and ilou'-e of ltrpiuM-iJumvo upon the disagreeing voles
ol the two Houses on the amen.Intents t<> Senate bill \rt>
143, entitled uAn aet to equalise the pa\ ot fcoldieis in the
Army ot flu; United States-, and lor othei purposes,1' ha\ int'
met and had a lull and tieecnnh'jem'e upon the proposed'
Semite amendments to Ihe House iimendments to said lull,
repot t as follow*.:
1. In the fourth and firth imcr-of the fit>t Senate amend-
ment, -'nk'MHit tho woid< "leaular Atmv and volunteer
and dialled lotees in the," and i s>et t the wind " mihtai> "
in lieu thereof.
2 At tot the woid "quartenn.iMoiV in (tie seventh line
of -aid amendment, strike out all down to and includnnr
ihe word 'l dollars,.'1 in the ninth line ot said Senate amend-
ment, and insert m hen thcieot ••and < oinmi^aiy -cr-
geatu* ot cavalry, artiilety, and infantry, twenty-two dol-
lars."
3. Alter the word''privates," in the tonrteenth line of
«aid first Senate amendment, >tuke out u!l down to and
including the word (*eoips,? in the sixteenth line of t,ud
ameudnientj arid in«.ejt in lieu theteos, •• of engineers and
ordnance ol the fir>t eia-sS, eighteen dullan; "and of the i
second clas .?? I
4. After the word dollars" in the tw •nry-second line I
of &aid first Senate amendment, Ki ike out all of ^aul amend- j
merit down to the word " MXieen" jn ihe twenty -iomtb i
hne, and niseit in hen iheieof a lead'-ts of on -\du and !
regimental hands, •sevMity-tiV'' d-dlai .; ma ieian>." And
that the Jfoy-e ol Rtpoeulatiiet agttu to Hi11 taid S<'iute !
unejiehncnt w ith the foreyiiii!; ,'iu< ndim i;t-
5. That th ' S.'iiiUe i«:cede ftom its second amendment?
to wit, tin m-eition ot section thiee
6. That liir of lleprof-entatives .igree to the thud
aniendin^jit ot the :iuiate, to wit, the insertion ot section
tour.
7. Tn.it the Senate recede from its lointh amendment,
to wit, the uiseition of &ectton live.
S. hi the second line of the sixth section of the Senate
amendment strike out all of said section after the words
" *otgf tint major,'* and iri?eit in lieu thrteof, "who s-hall
be paid tbirty-smlollais per month ; and one quartermaster
seigeant, who.shall also be commissary seigeant, who ^hall
be paid twenty-two dolhus pei month;" and that the'
House of Repie^ontatives do agree to said amendment of
the Senate ns amended.
9. That the Iloiw: of Itepieycntatives do agree to the
«ixth Senate amendment, to wit, the inseition of section
.seven.
10. Strike out all the fourth, fifth, and all of the sixth
line down to the wordv< and'' in the seventh Senate amend-
ment, and mscitthe following in lieu thereof: "the rank,
pay, and allowance of a bugadtergeneial; and an Assistant
Judge Advocate Geneial, with the rank, pay, and allow-
ances of .i colonel ol cavaliy."'
11. Aftet the wool '• Advoeute"in the seventh line of
said seventh Senate amendment insert the word "General
and that the House of K.epie«-entatives do agieetosaid
Senate amendment as amended.
ll2. That the House of Representatives agree to the
eighth Senate amendment, being the insertion of section
nine.
13. That the House of Representatives do agree to the
Din tit Senate amendment, to wit, Ihe insertion of section
ten
14. That the Ilou^e of Representatives agiee to the tenth,
eleventh, and twelfth of Mud Senate amendments.
HENRY WILSON",
9 J. W. NESYimi,
Managers on Hn: prnt of the Senate.
ROKEUT C. >SrfJI']ft
NUK,
F. W. IvFiLLUCiCi,
JAMES S. ROLLINS,
Managers on the pait o) Ihe House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before calling the previous
question I will explain the character of this re-
port. The House will recollect that this bill was
called "A bill to equalize the pay of soldiers of
the Army of the United States" when it, came
to us first from the Senate, as it was a bill to
equalize the pay of colored and white troops.
The Military Committee of the House pioposed
as an addition to that bill an amendment to in-
crease the pay of all the soldiers of the A i my, but
the original portion of the Senate bill having been
afterwards incorporated by the Houseinto a gen-
eral appropriation bill, which passed and has be-
come a law, all that part of the bill fell to the
ground, and the title of this bill has been changed
to "A bill increasing the puy of the soldiers of
the Army of the United States.
Uenig a hill of lliis character, the Senate pro-
pose to amend the first section of it as it was
passed by tho House, and the commutee of con-
feieme husagieed to that new set Hon added by
the Senate with soon- slight modifications.
The fiist is tho substitution of " military ser-
vice" in the place of %t regular Aimy,and volun-
teer and diafted forces in the service." Tho effect,
of the amendment of the Semite would be not to
put the payment of the militia upon the same foot-
ing with the volunteer and drafted men orsoldiers
ot the regular Aimy. The committee of confer-
ence have agreed to substitute the general term
*' military service of the United States," so that
the hundred days' men and all others onllcd into
the service of the United States shall receive the
same pay. To this 1 apprehend there can be no
objection.
The Senate amendment contained the following
provision in reference to the amount of pay of the
oiliceis therein mentioned:
Seigeant majors, twenty-six doJiais; quarteimasters'
seigeauts of cavaliy and aitillery, twenty-tinee dollars; of
mlaniiy, tw«'nrj dolhus.
The Senate made the pay of quartermasters'
seigcanls of cavaliy and artillery twenty-three
doll,tts a month, and left the pay of quartermas-
teis' sergeantsof infantry at twenty dollars. The
committee have agreed to place these officers on
the same tooting, and make the pay of all twenty-
two dollars u mouth. If the recommendation of
the committee of conference is adopted the clause
I have referred to will read as follows:
Sergeant majors, twenty six dollais; quartermasters'and
comim^vary sctgeatiH of cavalry, artillery, and intantry,
twenty-two dollais.
_ Another amendment to that section is made,
simply veibal in its character. It provides that
privates of engineers and ordnance of the first
class and ot the second class shall receive six-
teen dollars a month.
The noxt amendment relates to the pay of
I* ad' i s of bi jgiole .usd regimental baudo. As the i
law at present stands, the leader of a regimental
hand in the regular Army gets $125 a month,
while the leader of a brigade band in the volun-
teer service gets only forty-five dollars a month.
The committee of conference were unable to un-
derstand why music played for a whole brigade
of volunteers ought to be paid for at a less rate
than music for a single regiment in the regular
Army; they have therefore put, them both at a
medium sum, seventy-five dollars.
There was also a difference made between the
musiciuns m the artillery and infantry. The com-
mittee have put all the musicians, whether artil-
lery, infantry, or engineer, on the same footing, at
sixteen dollars a month, the same as privates.
Those are the only changes made in the first sec-
tion.
The third section provides for a system for the
issuing of supplies.in heu of Army rations for
soldiers in hospitals. Both the Senate and the
House committee were disposed at first to con-
cur in this as a part of the law, but upon subse-
quent inquiry at the commissary department it
was ascertained that it would be attended with
great inconvenience and difficulty. We concluded,
therefore, to leave the law as it now is, and not
to mteifeie with-it for the present.
Another change is this: the Senate conferees
have agreed to recede from their fourth amend-
ment, section five, which is the section which
provides for extra compensation to those soldiers
who are detailed as clerks here in Washington,
and at the headquarters of the several depart-
ments and military divisions. The conferees on
the part of the House, not seeing any sufficient
reason for giving a precedence to those employes
here or at headquarters over other soldiers detailed
for cleik'sduty, objected to that, and the amend-
ment was receded fiom by the Senate.
The next amendment is in the eighth section.
The Senate have introduced into this bill a bill
which has passed the House establishing a Bureau
of Military Justico. They changed the bill, how-
ever, as it passed the House, when they came to
attach it to this bill, by fixing the salary of the
Judge Advocate at $5,000, and taking away fiom
him all military rank. The objection to that is
that inasmuch as ali the subordinate judges ad-
\ocate who are to serve under him have by law
(he military rank of majois, he, as their military
head, having no military rank, could not ©tdei the
arrest of any officer, or do any other military act
over his subordinates. It was therefore thought
better to*restore the bill and make it precisely an
it passed the House of Representatives. Thonnly
difference is that the Senate reduced the number
of assistants from tsvo to one, to which the con-
ferees of the House agreed; so that the provision
stands as it passed the House, except that there is
one assistant with the rank of colonel instead of
two assistants.
The other amendments are merely forma], not
touching m any way the substance of the bill.
With these remarks, unless some gentlemen have
any inquiries to make, unless I have not made
myself clear enough, I move the previous ques-
tion on agreeing to the leportof the committee of
conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the reportof the committee of conference
was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of confer-
ence was adopted; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agiced to.
ENROLLED BILL SIUNJ3D.
Mr. COBB, from ihe Committee on Enrolled
Bills, tcpot'ted that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. JNo. 179)
concerning lands in the State of California; when
the Speaker signed the same.
REBELLION LOSSES*
The House then resumed, as the unfinished
business of yesterday, bill of the House No.
&-3, to provide for ascertaining and adjusting
claims against the Government for the injury or
destruction of propeity by the Army of the Uni-
ted States, oi by militaiy authority during the
present rebellion, the pending question being on
the passage of the bill.
