1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2103
struggle. Will you hasten the time wlien we shall begin
to shod each other's blood? Force fifteen States! Why, you
cannot force New Jersey alone. Force the South! Why,
they won't stop to count forccs. Neither side can be fiight-
onod. Don't think of it. You cannot frighten the North
any more than you can a Roman soldier. You cannot
frighten the South. You cannot frighten either any easier
than the chieftain which the ltoman poet ha.s lmmoital-
ized.
"When men meet to save their country they must be
prepared to offer up everything, to sacrifice thefr lives, if
necessary. How can men Btop for platforms winch will
destroy their country?
"1 appeal to the brotherhood, the fraternity of the North.
My friends, peace or war is in your hands. You hold the
keys of peace or ruin. You tell us not to hasten this mat-
ter. Well, you don't realize the facts, the consequences.
No one does. Do you talk here about regiments for inva-
sion, for coercion ? You,gentlemen of the North, you know
better, I know better. For every regiment raised there for
coercion there >vill be another regiment raised for resist-
ance to coercion. If no other State will raise them, re-
member New Jersey.
k! Pause, gentlemen. Stop where you are. You will
bring strife to your own doors, to your very hearthstones,
bloody, desperate strife. The war will be in your own
homes, among your own families. Under ordinary circum-
stances you would hesitate. If the question was about
the tariff you would hesitate and look at the awful conse-
quences."
It wag, as I verily believe, such declarations as
this which led the South to engage in this mad
crusade for the destruction of the Government.
They naturally supposed that after a very short
period of commotion the North would accept what
they demanded, a separation of the Union. They
failed. The North could not afford to see this
Union dissolved. It had not the power to submit
to its dissolution. Gentlemen upon this floor and
elsewhere, I apprehend, make a great mistake
when they suppose that the Union depends on
the Constitution. The Constitution in its pre-
amble declares that the object for which it was
framed was4' to form a more perfect Union," im-
plying a previous existence as a Union; and we
know that the Articles of Confederation implied
also the existence of a Union. The Declaration
of Independence, in its first sentence, puts forth
the doctrine of the unity of the colonies: "When
in the course of human events it becomes neces-
sary for one people to dissolve the political bands
which have connccted them with another, and to
assume among the powers of the earth the sep-
arate and equal station, to which by the laws of
nature and of nature's God entitle them,"&c.,
thus assuming in 1776 the doctrine of the unity of
the colonies, of the unity of the continent. That
unity cannot be broken. It is now interrupted;
it cannot be broken.
The only question, then, which we have any
voice in settling is whether we shall pursue a pol-
icy by which the Union may be restored on the
basis of freedom, or whether like cowards we are
to lie down and suffer the ruthless hand of des-
potism to triumph over us. Either a republican
Government under the Constitution of the United
States, or ^despotism guided by Jeff. Davis and
his successors, is to be the rule of public life on
this continent. Sir, whateverdiflerencesof opin-
ion we may have as to the policy which has gov-
erned the Administration in the conduct of the
war, it cannot be doubted that, as in the begin-
ning of this controversy, the chief hope of the
rebels is drawn from the assurances given by men
belonging to the Democratic party. The confi-
dence of the South to-day is not so much in the
armies which they control as in the ascendency
of a party in the North by whose success agree-
ments, conditions, and arrangements may be
made and their independence recognized.
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House
indicate that they do not accept this as true. I
make here a qualification. The gentleman from
New York, from the fifth district, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] whom I donot now seem his seat, says
that there can be no such thing as a war Demo-
crat. I do not agree with him. There are war
Democrats in this House, and thousands of them
in the country. What I do say is, that there can
be no such party as a Democratic party m favor
of the prosecution of the war. It is illogical that
there should be a Democratic party in favor of
the war. The Administration, the Union party,
is in favor of its prosecution. Whenever a logi-
cal issue is made against that party it must be
made upon the ground that the war is not to he
prosecuted. How can a man, in this crisis of the
country's life, who regards the salvation of the
Union as of more consequence than anything else,
differ with those who support the Administration
in the prosecution of the war? They only have a
logical ground of difference who believe that the
war is wrong and that it ought at once to cease.
Therefore it follows that gentlemen on the other
side of the House who believe that the war ought
to be prosecuted, can, in the nature of things,
find no efficient means for carrying out their views
except in allying themselves with those who also
believe that the war should be prosecuted. The
men in any party who have logic can contiolthat
party, and therefore, without going into any in-
quiry whether the gentlemen who are for peace
upon that side of the House have more capacity
than the gentlemen who are for war, I still predict
that the gentlemen who are for peace will control.
They have a logical foundation on which to stand,
and they will guide the Democratic party. There
may be war Democrats; but a Democratic party
in favor of the prosecution of the war cannot be
maintained permanently.
It is necessary, as it seems to me, that we should
understand the relations subsisting between the
States and the national Government. But I can-
not discuss this subject at length. It is apparent
from an examination of the Constitution that the
States are supreme in certain things, the General
Government supreme in certain other things, and
finally that there are two tests in the Constitution
which establish the supremacy and sovereignty of
the nation over the States. One of these tests is
in that provision of the Constitution by which the
General Government guaranties to every State a
republican form of government. There is no cor-
responding guaranty by the States to the Union.
The States have not undertaken to guaranty to the
General Government a republican form of govern-
ment, showing that the national Government is su-
preme, and assumed to be able to maintain Us own
institutions and authority. There is also another
provision in the Constitution requiring every offi-
cer of each State to take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States; and the Consti-
tution of the United States is made the supreme law
of theland, anything in any State constitution oi
any law to the contrary notwithstanding. In these
two particulars, as in many others, the Constitu-
tion of the United States is supreme. The States
are sovereign in their spheres, hut they are not
supreme; and. the power which the General Gov-
ernment has is defined in the Constitution itself.
I could notbutbeamusedatthegentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,] who exam-
ined the meaning of the words (< compact" and
" fedeial" for the purpose of giving the House in-
formation as to what the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States means, l.t so happens that neither of
these words is used in the Constitution of the
United States, and therefore, whatever may be
their meaning, they throw no light on the Con-
stitution itself. But in order to ascertain what
the powers conferred on this Government are, we
must go to the Constitution. Calling it a com-
pact does not make it any moie or less strong
than if you call it a constitution, or a league, or
an agreement. Thomas Hobbes has said," Woids
are wise men's counters, they do but reckon with
them; but they are the money of fools."
Now, what is the condition of the rebellious
States with reference to the General Government?
Gentlemen on the other side of the House assert
that the States still exist; that all that is neces-
sary is that officers shall be elected to fill the offices,
and then these States are at once in the Union.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
"v ens] mam tains, as I understand, that these States
are out of the Union; that their territory is alien
territory, and that we arc making war against
alien enemies. I do not admit either of these
positions to be true. I feel quite sure that these
eleven once-existing States are no longer States
of the Union. The evidence on which I rely in
support of this position is found first in the dec-
Iaiation made by the authorities of those States
that they no longer exist as States of the Ameri-
can Union. Next, wc find that for three years
and moie they have been resisting the authority
of the Government and have been carrying on a
war against it. It is absurd to say that States or
people. are a part of the Government under the
Constitution, and entitled to constitutional rights
and piivileges, when they have been carrying on
war against the Government.
Next apply the tests of the Constitution. The
Constitution provides that no State shall raise I
armies. These eleven States-—if they are States
in the American Union—have been for three years
engaged in raising armies. The Constitution
declares that the States shall not enter into any
treaty, alliance, or confederation with each other.
These eleven States are, as is notorious, in alli-
ance and confederation with each other against
this Government, and have been so confederated
together for three years. The Constitution re-,
quires that in every State in the Union 'officers
shall take an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, while it is notorious that every
officer exercising authority or jurisdiction there
has taken an oath absolving himself, as far as he
can do so by an oath, from all allegiance to this
Government. Therefore, applying these consti-
tutional tests to the eleven once-existing States,
we find that there is no response tending to show
that they are States in the American Union.
Nor do I admit that the people in the rebellious
States are aliens. They are not of any other
country, they are not of any other legal jurisdic-
tion, they are within the jurisdiction of the Union.
Three years ago they were a portion of this Union,
and although they have been carrying on a war,
that war has not thus far been successful, their
independence has not been acknowledged by us,
nor has it been recognized by any other nation.
They, therefore, are not aliens. They are, to be
sure, public enemies, but they are not alien ene-
mies.
Then what is the condition of thepeople occu-
pying the territory once included in these eleven
States? As I believe, and as I attempted to set
forth in certain resolutions which I submitted to
the House a few weeks ago, these States as po-
litical organizations have by their own will ceased
to exist. 1 then submitted the views which I
entertain upon that point, to the effect that the
existence of a State is a fact within the control
of the people themselves, and cannot be influenced
by any extraneous power whatever, and that
therefore these States have by the will of the peo-
ple thereof as political organizations ceased to
exist.
What, then, remains ? That the Government of
the United States has legal jurisdiction over this
territory and over the people who occupy it; but
admitting that fact, it is an absurdity to say that
these States still exist and that the people there
may, without our consent, elect officers and send
Representatives to this body and Senators to the
other branch of Congress. I desire to call the
attention of the House in this connection to a re-
matk quoted in the Federalist from Montesquieu:
" Gieece was undone as soon as the King of Macedon
obtained a scat among the Amphictyons."
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House
propose that our enemies may come into this Hall
and into that of the other branch of Congress
and take their seats. What happened to Greece
when the King of Macedon obtained a seat in the
Amphictyomc council will surely happen to us
as a nation when we concede any portion of this
Government to our enemies. Yet that is the
proposition of gentlemen on the other side of the
House, if their position has any force whatever.
I suppose it will not be denied that we have the
right to fix rules and regulations for the admis-
sion of new States. It certainly cannot be de-
nied on this side of the House. It would be a
monstrous proposition that the people of a Ter-
ritory—I speak now of Temtories acknowl-
edging their allegiancc to this Government, as
Nevada or Nebutska—can frame a constitution
such as pleases them and secure as an absolute
right their admission into the Union as a State
without any judgment being passed upon that
question by Congress. The fact that no State was
ever admitted into the Union except by a vote of
Congress, implies that for any reason that may
be satisfactory to Congress such admission could
be refused.
If, then, the application of a Territory to be
admitted into the Union as a State may be re-
fused, it may be refused for any reason which,
in the judgment of Congress* may be deemed
sufficient. The reason rests in the mind of Con-
gress. Congress will properly consider the con-
stitution, the institutions of the proposed State,
its extent of territory, and any other circumstances
which may properly come within their view,and
then decide whether the Territory shall be re-
ceived as a State into the Union.
