THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session*.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1864.
New Series No. 6.
to take up the concurrent resolution of the House
of Representatives in relation to an adjournment
till the 5th of January.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the question is put on
that, I should like to know if the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] is in the building to-day;
and if he is, I should propose to proceed to the
consideration of the other resolution on which
the Senate was engaged yesterday morning. His
colleague, I suppose, can say whether the Sena-
toi from Delaware, not now in his seat, is within
reach, so that he can be had.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not know the fact.
I know ihat he was here this morning. I think
H very likely that he is in some room in the build-
ing, but it can be ascertained in a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think the Senate ought to
proceed with the consideration of that resolution
and have a vote on it before it concludes to adjourn
over.
Mr. WILKINSON. The passage of this res-
olution will not affect that.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The Senator says the passage of the resolution lie
proposes to call up will not affect the other reso-
lution. Suppose we vote to adjourn over, then
we may not be able to reach the other question.
It seems to me that the Senate ought to finish the
other question before it goes to play. I should
rather interpose a motion, therefore, if the Senator
fiom Minnesota makes no objection, to proceed
with the consideration of the other resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Dela-
ware is not present?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to do it if the
Senator from Delaware is not here.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me to state that I saw the Sen-
ator from Delaware this morning, and he was com-
plaining of being very unwell; and he desires time
to prepare his argument in this case. He is not
ready, and I can loally sec no impropriety in let-
ting it go over till after the holidays. No injury
can result to anybody. He will then be ready to
make his argument.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that he will
be ready to-moirow?
Mr. POWELL. No, sir. I did not say to-
morrow, but after the holidays are over.
Mr. SUMNER. After the holidays ! That is
the point. The question ought to be settled before
the holidays.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I do not
suppose that a vote can be obtained upon the res-
olution of the Senator from Massachusetts before
the holidays.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not, pray?
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not think that on a
question of that kind it is perfectly fair to press
a man to a vote at once who is in the situation of
the Senator from Delaware. I am as anxious to
have that matter determined as the Senator from
Massachusetts; but I must say that it looks a lit-
tle harsh to force a Senator to appear here upon
twenty-four hours' notice to argue a proposition
thatprobably may involve his right to a seat; and
I do not think it is umeasonable to give him a
few days in order that he may be prepared to
make his argument to the Senate, and therefore
I shall be obliged to insist upon the calling up of
the resolution to winch I have referred.
Mr. SUMNER.. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken when he supposes that the Senator from
Delaware is asked to goon at twenty-four hours'
notice. He has had nine months'notice,and the
Senate understands all his objections. He him-
self has announced his objections, and I have no
hesitation, speaking with all possible respect, in
saying that they aie of the most trivial character.
I do not think them worthy of discussion in the
Senate, especially after the consideration they have
received. At the same time, if the request is made
that this question shall go over until to-monuw
and that we shall then proceed to a vote upon it,
and especially if my fi iend from Minnesota makes
that request, who knows my disposition to go
with him always, 1 shall yield to what would seem
6
to be the desire of the body, but 1 do think that
there ought not to be delay in the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the motion submitted by the Senator
from Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
has been amended by the Senate. It originally
applied only to the House. It will be read as
amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate coneurritis,) That when the two
Hou.-e^o! Cungiefc*. adjourn on VWduoduv, tiic23d iubtantj
it btnill be until the 5th day of January, 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest that that
resolution had better lie on the table for the pres-
ent. We cannot adjourn, or agree to anything
of the sort, until we know the fate of the bill
passed this morning, and which has gone back
with amendments to the House. When that lias
been disposed of and provided for we can act
upon this subject; but until then it will not be
safe to do so. 1 move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 14.
CAItMACK AND RAMSEY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
Jay before the Senate a joint resolution fiom the
House of Representatives for reference.
The joint lesolution (H. R. No. 11) in relation
to the claim of Carmack & Ramsey was read
twice by its title.
Mr. COLLAMER. In order to understand to
whatcomnmtoe thatrcsoiution should bo referred,
we desire to know the subject to which it relates.
I therefore ask that the resolution be read.
Tnc VICE PRESIDENT. It will be road.
The Secretary read the resolution, which directs
that all the papers and evidence touching the claim
of Carmack &. Ramsey, submitted to the First
Comptroller of the Treasury under the sixth sec-
tion of the act of Congress approved August 18,
185G, entitled "An act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1857," together with
all the questions relating thereto, shall be Uans-
feried to the Court of Claims for adjustment and
determination, and the Comptroller is to cause the
papers to be transferred to the Court of Claims
accordingly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what commit-
tee shall the joint resolution be referred?
Mr. WADE. I suppose it ought to go to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That reference will
be made if there be no objection.
AMENDMENT 0*' THE ENROLLMENT LAW.
Mr WILSON. The resolution thatcame from
the House of Representatives this morning, and
which has been amended and sent back to the
House, disposes of three or four sections of the
bill wc had under consideration yesterday to in-
crease the bounty for volunteers and the pay of the
Army; I therefore propose to lay that bill on the
table and take up the bill to amend the act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes. The committee propose some
amendments to that bill, and I think we can make
some progress in its consideration to-day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, pioceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 18) to amend an act entitled
"An act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for otherpurposes,"approved March
3, 1863. The bill authorizes the Presidentof the
United States, whenever he shall deem it neces-
sary, to call upon the several States for such num-
ber of men for the military service of the United
States as the public exigencies may require.
It proposes to amend the second section of v-he
"Act for emolhng arid calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes." approved March
3,1863, by striking out all of the section alter the
word "enacted," and inserting the following, to
wit: " That the following persons be, and they are
hereby, excepted and exempted from the proYtck
ions of this act, and shall not be liable to military
duty under the same, to wit: such as are rejected
as physically or mentally unfit for the service;
also, first, the Vice President of the United Stales*
the judges of the various courts of the Unitetf
States, the heads of the various Executive Depart-
ments of the Government, and the Governors of
the several States; second, the only son liable to
militai y duty of a widow wholly dependent upon
his labor for support; third, the only son of aged
or infirm parent or parents wholly dependent upon
his labor forsupport; fourth, where there arc two
or more sons of aged or infirm parents wholly
dependent upon their labor for support, all of
which sons shall have been drafted, the father,
or, if he be dead, the mother may elect which son
shall be exempt; fifth, the only brother .of chil-
dren not twelve years old, having neither father
nor mother, wholly dependent upon his labor for
support, sixth, the father of motherless children
under twelve years of age wholly dependent upon
his labor for support; seventh, where there area
father and sons in the same family and household,
and two of them arc in the military service of tfce
United States, or have deceased or become per-
manently disabled in said service, as non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, or pi ivutes, the resi-
due of such family and household, not exceeding
two, shall be exempt; and no persons but such as
aie herein excepted shall bo exempt; provided,
however, that no person who has been convicted
of any felony shall bo enrolled or permitted to serve
in said forces "
It also proposes to repeal section three of the
'.'Act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes,"approved March
3, I8G3, and so much of section ten of that act as
provides for the separate enrollmentof each class;
and it is to be the duty of the board of enrollment
of each disti id to consolidate the two classes men-
tioned in the third scction of the act. If any State
shall fail to furnish, within thetimedesignated by
the President, the number of men required there-
from, the provost marshal of the district within
which any waid of a city, town, or township, or
county, where the same is notdivided into wards,
towns, or townships, which is deficient in its
quota, is situated, is, under the direction of the
Provost Marshal General, to make a draft for the
number deficient therefrom; but all volunteers who
may enlist after the draft shall have been ordered,
and before it shall be actually made,arc to be de-
ducted from the number ordered to be drafted in
such ward, town, township, or county.
Any person enrolled who shall lcmovQ from
any ward of a city, town, or township, or from
a county, where the same is not divided into
wards, towns, or townships, may, on application
to the proper board of enrollment, be enrolled in
the place of residence to which he shall have re-
moved, and may, upon proof of such enrollment,
have his name stricken from the rolls of his
former place of residence; and boards of enroll-
ment are to havn power to enroll any person whose
name shall have been omitted by the proper en-
rolling officer. Any person enrolled under tho
provisions of the act of March 3, 1863, or who
may hereafter be so enrolled, may furnish*tit any
time, an acceptable substitute, and such person
so furnishing a substitute shall be exempt from
diaft during the time for which such substitute'
shall have been accepted.
Provost marshals, boards of enrollment, or any
member thereof, acting by authority of the board*
are to have power to summon witnesses and en- 
force their attendance by attachment in any case
pending before them, or either of them, and the
same witness fees and costs arc to be allowed as
; may be allowed in the district courts of the Uni 
| ted States, and they are to have power to admin-
ister oaths and animations; and any person who
shall swear or allirm falsely before any provost
marshal, or board of enrollment, or member
thereof, acting by authority of the. board, or be-
fore any civil magistrate, to any affidavit to be
used in any case pending before any provost mar-
