3080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
be .postponed until the morning hour of Tuesday
next.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot agree to that, and I hope
that tine motion will be voted down. !
Mr. STEVENS. What will be the effect of
the postponement ?
The SPEAKER. Tuesday has been devoted
to the business of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and the morning hour wilt occur in the even-
ing:, if there be an evening session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the bill will be postponed. I want to be heard on
the subject; and I think that it is reasonable we
should yield to the business of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, as this day was specially set apart
for that purpose. I will say to the gentleman from
Iowa that that committee will propose several
matters of greatintcreat to the West.
Mr. COLE, of California. I object to the post-
ponement. The Naval Committee has already
had the attention of the House, and this is the
first time that the special committee has had a
chance. This bill can be disposed of in a short
time, lis provisions arc clear and plain. 1 pre-
sume that it can be disposed of this morning.
Mr. WASHDUUNE, of Illinois. I'think not.
Mr. COLE, of California. It can unless there
be factious opposition.
Mr. WASrinaRNE,Of Illinois. I shall make
no tactions opposition. I want to be hoaid,and
ask that the bill shall be postponed until Monday
or Tuesday next.
Mr. WILSON. The same motion will be
made next Tuesday evening, unless in the mean
time the tariff bill is disposed of. It will take
a good deal of iron to build tins line, and I ap-
piehend that this motion will be made and con-
tinued until the iron question is disposed of in
some way or other. 1 do not think that there
will be any antagonism. The original charter
provides that none but American iron shall be
used.
Mr. WASniHTUNE, of Illinois, \ want to
epcrtk on th" Pacific railroad hill, mid am not now
prepared. 1 h->pe that it will be postponed.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think the bill will
be passed during this mornmg hour.
All. WAM1113UKNE, of Illinois. If gentle-
; men do not desue to press the lull to a vote this
morning, I have not so much objection to pio-
ceeding with it now, though I think the Commit-
tee on Naval Allans ought to have the day set
apart for them. Thete have been two hours of
the day alnady consumed by other business.
Mr. MeDinOE. I dostie to say that we have
a bill of the .Senate before us which differs very
materially fiom the bill of the House, and H is
important that tins bill should be acted on soon,
because the) e is evidently a disagreement of senti-
ment between tin: two Houses which must be
reconciled if we expect to pass this bill this ses-
sion. One tiling is ecu-taut, this disagreement
must be r'ronetled in some way, and the action
of the House should be taken at an early day in
order to secure some amendments, which all par-
ties agree ou^lit to be made.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
inquire if wu aie to have an evening session to-
day ?
I'ho SPEAKER. There will be, this evening
arid every other c venin^unless otherwise ordered;
but a motion to adjourn would adjourn the House
over until Monday. If the hour of four and a
half arrives wit bout any such motion being; made,
the House will then take a recess untiJhalf past
seven o'clock thin evening.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflli inois. I trust gen-
tlemen will withdraw their objection and let this
matter go over.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Iwithdrawmy
motion.,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
postpone the Pacific railroad bill until next Tues-
day.
Mr. AIcBRIDE. If the motion to postpone is
voted down, will the Committee on Naval Affairs
be entitled to have this evening session ?
The SPEAKER. No oider of that kind has
yet been made by the House.
Mr. WILSON. I would inquire what will be
#the situation of this bill if the motion of the gen-
*tlemun from Illinois prevails?
The SPEAKER. It will be postponed until
the time indicated—next Tuesday in the morn-
ing hour, which will occur tn the evening if there
is an evening ^(.ssiun. If there be no evening ses-
sion, there will be no morning hour, as the whole
day is set apaic for other business.
Mr. STEVENS. I now ask that, by unani-
mous consent, there be an evening session on
T uesdav.
Air. BROOKS. Is that question debatable?
The SPEAKER, it is not.
Air. BROOKS. I am sorry, because I was go-
ing to say, if it was in order, that I hope we shall
have no more evening sessions. We have too
much time already, and 1 do not think there will
be an acre of the public lands left if we have
many evening sessions.
Mr. STEVENS. The evening session is for
the consiileiation of this particular matter.
The SPEAKER. The question is, e< Shall
there be an evening session on Tuesday for the
consideration of the Pacific railroad bill and noth-
ing else?"
Mr. STEELE, of New York. If unanimous
consent should be given now tor an evening ses-
sion on Tuesday, could not a majority adjourn
over on Tuesday?
The SPEAKER. There must be an evening
session if ordcied by unanimous consent. If a
motion to adjourn should be made Tuesday after-
noon and prevail, the House would adjourn to
Tuesday night, to the hour which, by unanimous
cniiKt.-nt, had been fixed foi an evunng session
No objection bung made, it wu3 o«d< red that
an evening session should be held on Tuesday
evening next.
Mr. PRICE. Now I hope the motion to post-
pone will not prevail.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and thei
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation theieof the motion to postpone was
agreed to.
MESSAOlfi FROM X'UK SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. For.yey,
their Secretary, informed th" House that the
Senate havengieed to the bill of the House au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to extend the
eon11act fot the oveiland maii route, with amend-
ments; in which th« concuuerico of the House
was requested.
EFFICIENCY OF Til 15 NAVif.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Atfairs, reported back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do pass, an act (S. :\o. to amend the act of
21«l Decern bet, 1801, entitled "An act further to
promote the efficiency of the Navy."
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly lead the third time, and passed.
NAVr-XAKl) CLERKS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back, with a
recommendation that it do pass, joint resolution
of the Senate (No. 44) for the relief of clerks at the
Kittery arid Philadelphia navy-yards.
The resolution was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRADE OF NAVY OFFICERS.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported back bill of the Senate No.
270, to amend anactentifled ''An act to establish
and equalize thegrade of lineofficcrsof the United
States Navy," approved July 16, 1862.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
WARRANT OFFICERS OF TIIE NAVY.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported back, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, House bill No. 470, to
authorize assimilated rank to be given to the
warrant officers of the United States Navy, and
for other purposes.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROCEEDINGS IN PRIZE CASES-
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported back, with sundry amend-
ments, bill of the House No. 446, to regulate prize
proceedings and the distribution of prize money,
and for other purposes.
The amendments reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordcied; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VOTES .RECORDED.
Air. A1ALLORY. I ask permission of the
House to record my vote in two cases this morn-
ing. I wish to record my vote in favor of the
bill providing for commissioners to take proofs
in cases of claims against the Government of the
United States for losses occasioned by the Gov-
ernment,and I wish also torecoid my vote against
the bill chartering the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany.
No objection was made, and Mr. Mallory re-
corded his votes as above indicated.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I ask the priv-
ilege of recoidmg my -vote on the same questions
as those named by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Air. Mallory,] and in the same way.'
No objection was made.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, then recorded his
vote in favor of the rebellion losses bill, and
against tfre Metropolitan latlroad bill.
Mr. J. AV. WHITE asked and obtained leave
to record his vote m the affirmative on the bill in
refeienceto rebellion losses.
Mi. SLOAN asked and obtained leave to re-
cord his vote in the negative on the same bill.
TIIlS FORT PILLOW MASSACRE.
Air. HOTCHKISS asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That there be printed for the imc of tiie mom-
btii.i of thu> IJou-e, in addition to the copies already or-
deied, one handled and sixty thousand copies ol the report
of the committee on the conductor the wnr relative to the
Foit Pillow nji^&aore and tho cruelties inflicted upon our
soUhcid while In the hand? of the enemy as prisoners of
war.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, objected.
NAVAL CONSTRUCTORS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill to author-
ize the Secretary of the Navy to provide for the
education of naval constructors and steam en-
gineers, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. DEMING asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have his vote recorded on the passage
of tho bill repealing the fugitive slave law. He
voted " ay."
