2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
If this be true in reference to a Territory, and
if it be also true, as I believe it is, that these States
as States have ceased to exist, they can only be
restored to this Union as States upon the happen-
ing of two events: first, that the people of the
Siate, a majority of them, as the chairman of the
committee proposes to amend this bill, shall ap-
ply for admission into the Union as a State, hav-
ing declared their loyalty to the Union and to the
Constitution of the United States. When a State
shall so apply for admission, with a proposed
constitution for a State government that shall con-
form to the Constitution of the United States, it will
then be competent for Congress to say whether
it shall be admitted or not. Congress exercises
this discretion according to its best judgment,and
from its decision there can be no appeal.
This bill fixes three unalterable conditions pre-
cedent to such application, without a compliancc
with which no one of these once-existing-States
can reappear in the Union, a
It is asserted on the other side of the House
that we have no right to make conditions prece-
dent to the organization of a State government,
there being a provision in the Constitution that
the national Government shall guaranty to oach
State a republican form of government; and State
governments having existed nnd been recognized
a"s republican in form by Congress, in which the
institution of slavery existed, we have no right
to change our opinion as to what a republican
form of government is. It is at that point exactly
where we differ. I say that the question us to
what constitutes a republican form ofgovernment
is under the Constitution always open to the judg-
ment of Congress. I do not mean to say that
Congress can appoint a committee of inspection or
scrutiny in reference to the constitution of Ken-
tucky, for example. Kentucky having been ad-
mitted to the Union, the question for the time being
was divided and her constitution and form of gov-
ernment is recognized as republican. Dut sup-
pose a controversy should arise in Kentucky, as
m Rhode island two and twenty' yeais ago, and a
party by a nut jot it y should establish another gov-
ernment, frame 'motherconstilution, and exercise
an t hoi ily under that constitution, and there should
he a eon/lief, then the question would be brought
befoie Congress to investigate the matter whether
either or both were republican in form. Certainly
not whether the old constitution or new is repub-
lican m form according to the judgxnent of our an-
cestors, not whether it is republican according to
the opinion of any commentator; but li in the
opinion of Confess it should appear that one of
these in lepnbhran and the other is not, then Con-
gress would set up the republican government,
even though the old government should be de-
stroyed thereby.
While 1 do not claim for Congress the i i^hf of
scrutiny of the governments of existing States,
yet ifthe question is forced upon Congress in such
n manner thutit eannolbe avoided, then Congress
is to decide. From that decision there is no ap-
peal. The Supreme Court in the Rhode Island
case held ihat when Confess decided the ques-
tion of ihe character of the govei nment, whethei
it was lepuhiican in form or not, (hat decision
could not he investigated, couhl not be examined,
could not ho controlled by any other department
or tribunal.
We mean by this bill to give notice to the peo-
ple occupymg {lie territory m the eleven once-ex-
isting Eiates that if" they shall frame new consti-
tutions they must come heie with governments
republican in fbim according to our ideas.
Gentlemen on the other side have taunted us
wi! h ihe charge that we have changed our policy in
lefeience to the object of this war; th.it it n no
longer for the preservation of the Union, but for
the emancipation of ihe slave. 1 deny that; but if
the policy ofihe wai has been changed it is not the
first ini/ m she history of human aO'aits that
Mnniu i hanices have taken place, i remember
ihat it is the uiuieviattug testimony of history that
from the opining of the colonial contioversy m
J7G1 to '.he month of (September, 1774, less than
eight months prior to the massacre of I^eXing-
ton, there was not a paper, there was not a public
man, there was not a i epresentative assembly that
did not declare that it was the settled purpose of
the people of these colonies to maintain theunion
with Gieat Britain. Our ancestors denied again
and again the charge made that thoy contemplated
independence. Buton the 4th of July, 1776, they
declared their independence of the mother coun-
try. Events had changed opinions, and opinions
had changed the public policy. While we have
not changed our policy in regard to prosecuting
the war for the purpose of restoring the Union,
we do mean that when it is restored it shall be
restored on republican principles, and that there
shall be no new State admitted into the Union
from the unoccupied territory west, from Mex-
ico, or from the reestabltshment of legular gov-
ernments in the eleven rebellious States that are
not republican in form according to our ideas.
The Federalist says:
" There are two methods of curing the mischiefs uf
faction: the one l y removing its c<iu«es; the other l>jr con-
trolling; its effects.
u Theie are, again, two methods of removing the causes
of faction: the one by destroying the liberty which is es-
sential to its existence ; the other by giving to eveiy citi-
zen the same opinions, the same passions, and the same
interests."
We purpose to cure the evil of this faction by
removing its cause, slavery, and to give to every
citizen of the Republic " the same opinions, the
same passions, and the same interests," in refer-
ence to human freedom.
And we are to maintain the doctrine on this
continent, I trust, that wherever slavery exists
theie republicanism is not; that wherever slavery
exists there a republican form of government, un-
der the Constitution, cannot be. Hence we give
notice in this bill to all the inhabitants of those
revolted districts that they may form State gov-
ernments and be admitted into this Union upon
ceitain conditions, the chief of which is that in-
voluntary servitude shall cease to exist.
The argument upon this bill, as far as it de-
pends upon me, is now concluded, and we ap-
proach the moment when the judgment of this
House is to be expressed. The discussion in
which we have been engaged has not elicited
marked attention in this Hall, nor has it attracted
in an unusual degree the interest of the country.
Yet in this measure he the germs of a new civil-
ization for one half of a continent. The area of
the eleven rebellious States, for whose guidance
we now establish a fundamental law, is twice as
great as the area of the thirteen colonies, and it
is neaily equal to that of England, France, Spam,
and the ftmpire of Austria combined.
if our arms shall be successful-—and of this I
cannot doubt, unless Divine Providence should re-
verse the order of things for purposes inscrutable
to mortal eyes—this vast territory is by this great
act dedicated to freedom forever. With freedom
there will come a new civilization. This new
civilization will be muiked by an interpietation
and pleaching of the lloly Scriptures uninfluenced
by (he lusts and ambitions and designs of a slave-
holding aristocracy; and it will be illustrated by
a system of free schools for the education of the
children of all the people, whether black or white.
Under the new civilization labor will be honored
and rewarded; the immense lauded estates will
be broken up, and the children ofpovei ty hitherto,
whether white or black, will be endowed by the
law and by the fiuits of their own industry with
a poition of the, soil, ami thus they will become
the supporters and defondeis of the country, con-
ti ihuting to its eniichment and power.
Theie is one feat me of the bill winch does not
tec.eive my approval, and to which 1 assent only
in deference to what I suppose is the present
judgment of this House and of the count! y. ]
speak of the limitation of the elective franchise
to while male citizens. The right of suffrage is
not a natuial right, but it is the highest among
political rights. No community whi< h denies
the right of suffrage to any eooMderable nutnLei
of its adult male inhabitants can evi r be safe ftom
intestine commotion, for wherever this nuht is
,j so denied the people cannot be safe or cvui free
S! from oppiession. And even if a community in
|j winch the light of suffrage is thus limited should
. be free homadual oppies>.ion, still the Govern-
p ment could not escape the suspicions and cimiges
!j which result from an unjust dibtubu'ion of polit-
■' ica! power. In fieecoumies the lights, of thepco-
'! pie me frequently acquired and they aie gener-
!; ally pieseived by the ballot. When the ballot
h fails the resort is to the sword. When yon d'-ny
\\ the ballot to one third oi one half of tin1 people of
|j the vast ten ifoiy covcr<d by the ju melons of
II this bill what do you leave for them ot uflei to
them but a resort to the sword as the means of re-
moving or redressing the grievances of which
they are already the foredoomed victims?
I had indulged the hope until recently that this
House would recognize the political rights of the
colored race by securing the elective franchise
to certain classes, or at least to a single class of
those who hereafter should enjoy the protection
of the Constitution. The vote upon the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill establishing the
Territory of Montana dissipated at once and lor
the present this hope. The country will speedily
revise our proceedings in this particular. Mark
the progicss ofevents! It is not yet two years
since you were willing to contribute to the cause
of the Union by the emancipation of the negro.
I do not now speak of gentlemen on the other
side of the House. I address myself to the fiienda
of the Administration.
But now the President's proclamation of eman-
cipation is accepted with signal unanimity by the
people of the country. It has already received
the considerate judgment of mankind; and may
we not also reverently believe that it receives the
constant favor of Almighty God ? I am aware
that gentlemen on the othei side of the House
still utter their accustomed denunciations of the
measure; but their words arc like the wonderful
missile of the South Sea Islander, which cuts the
air fiercely and then falls harmlessly at the feet
of him fiom whose hand the weapon sped.
The people accept the fieedom of the negro;
having recognized his right to freedom, they bid
him do service for the country. "When he has
served the country in the field the justice of the
nation will guaranty to him the power to maintain
his rights in civil life. At first you remanded the
fugitive negro back to his rebel master. Then,
and reluctantly, you accepted the services of the
negro upon the condition that he should dig in
the trenches and thus relieve the white soldier of
the most aiduous portion of his labors. Then,
if he could still be classed as a laborer, you would
allow him to pei form the duty of a soldier in gar-
rison and in pestilential legions; but at last you
have recognized his manhood and given expres-
sion to a public sense ofjustice by allowing him
the position, pay, and emoluments of a soldier of
the Republic.
Thus are events our masters; and thus does the
country hesitate even in the presence of these
events to do those acts ofjustice which are due
to one race and necessary for the salvation of the
other. When, and by what means, and for what
period of time do you expect to set up and main-
tain loyal governments in the rebellious distucts
of the Union unless you confer the elective fran-
chise upon the negro ? The mihtai y power must at
some moment not icmote be withdrawn. The
remnant of the dominant class will be powerful
for a generation. There is a large number of poor
whites, unaccustomed to independent thought or
to independent action. The colored people are
loyal, and in many States they are almost the only
:j people who are trustwouhy supporters of the
I; Union. Will you reject them? I ask whether
ji you will reject the civil and political power of the
11 coloied people in the Stale of South Caiohna, for
'i example? If I could duect the force of public
ji sentiment and the policy of this Government,
j J South Cai olina, as a State and with a name, should
!I never reappear m tins Union. Georgia deserves
!] a like fate. When the Constitution was formed
! .she muted he) self with South Carolina and forced
n the recognition of the institution of slavery in
I om Constitution. They are the two States that
aie lespunsible for the continuance of this ni-
/ siuution. I appeal to gentlemen who have ex-
i amimd our colonial recoid foi the proof of the
as.-seruon i make, that in Noith Cai ohna, in Vu-
Uinia, Mutyland, and m evety one of the now
fire States, then existing, declaration after dec-
! huatum was made against the institution of xla-
veiy, it was condemned in Maiyland, m Vn-
! £inia, and m Noith Caiohna. South Ccuohna
and (Jeoigia bieatbed into it the Ineatb of hie,
; and if 1 had the powei neither of tiiOMi States
should leappear in the Union. Ftoi n!a does not,
deserve a name in thisUmon. "What then? Let
■1 the->e th rce States be set apart os the home of the
negro. Invito him theie by giving to him local
poll in al power. Give him the ng ht of iuifirfge in
th<>se States, and the colored population, us rap-
!l idly uis it can be spared fiom the industrial pui-
