1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3081
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, asked and
obtained a tike privilege. He voted " no."
Mr. McBRIDE asked and obtained a like privi-
lege. He voted " a','."
Mr. ROLLINS, "of New Hampshire, asked
and obtained a like privilege. He voted "ay."
He also voted " ay" on the Senate resolution to
amend the Constitution.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, asked and
obtained a like privilege. He voted " no."
CONTRACT rOK IitON-OLADS..
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee 011 Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
amend the contract with John Ericsson for the
construction of two impregnable floating batteries,
the Dictator arid the Puritan.
The joint resolution, which was read a first and
second time, is as follows:
Whcrea-i the Navy Department on the 28tli day of July,
1862, entered into contiact with Captain John Ericsson,
01 tile city of Nuw Yoik, lor tile construction of two im-
pregnable floating butti-nes, the Dictator and the Puritan ;
amfwlieieas experience with a similar class ot ve&scU ill
actual conflict and during a varied M-rvice of more than
two year.- ha.3 demonstrated that many improvements could
be made to rend- r them more complete and efficienta  ves-
l)C ma<HJ TU reisu i iiit;in uiui c tiuu *
sc!s ofw.u ; and whereas improvements have added
largely to The coat of coi^tr action of each of these vesr^els,
rendering it impossible toi the eon trap tor to complete them
under exi-uns? auangemeiit-; and whereas it i& of the ut-
most importance to the honor and inteiests of the country
llj.it tlu'v -hfuhl be fmiflied and ready lor service at the
oaiiu-n"moment: Therefore,
Resolved hi/ the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States oj America, That the Secretary of the
Navj be, and he is hereby, authorized to amend the 6x-
i?stiM«r contract for the construction of these vessels so far
as it"reiate* to the Pmitan, and to appoint a competent
boaui to ascettmn the present value, an far as completed,
of that vusfrol, and of the material on hand deemed actually
neees-s-arv to her construction, and to pay to Captain John
Etie^on", the contractor, the amount oi valuation >-o as-
ceit. lined, deducting therefrom any stuns already.advanced
towaid the rompletiou of said vessel; and that upon said
n,ujiient biuu? made hy t'ne Secretaiy of the Navy the
right-* of the contractor to said vessel and material or any
nnition tlici eof ^iKih ct?a-=e and bo vested wholly and ab*o-
luti-ly in the United States which shall thencetorth pro-
ceed to complete -aid vessel under such arrangements
may he deemed iikM advantageous: Provided, however,
That nothlua heietn contained -hall in any manner affect
The contract lor the construction of the Dictator, which
shall he completed bvsa;d contractor upon the xameterm*
and conditions as ifthi* resolution had not, he-M) pas-bed:
-..iwv'cd jurtke-i, That no action shall lie had under
this ie-o!ut)on until said contiactor shall have signified to ,
ii)« cn'tai v of the Navy in writing his acceptance ot its j
oiovi-ion-. and his willniane^ to superintend t  completion |
[lie c(i!!s!iuetion of the Pmitan • Provided further, 1 hat
this involution -hall not take effect utjtil the completion
anddeliven of the Uiciator: Piovided, also, That it shall
he ih>' dutv'of tho Seciemrv of the Navy, m cairying this
leM Intion'into execution, to apportion and apply to the
Ou-t'itor a payment toi that vessel only such poition ofthe
uio^cmiuaet puce «>.'$3.3uO,OOU for the Dictator and Pun-
U ' :i - iiif Ijictatoi would ju<tly be entitled to, 11 both
\e?vel- bad b.;en completed at the price and in the mode of
cnnstniet.on specified in the contiaet. spneial leference
beiti" had to the difference in cost between the two ves-
-ids aii-inff in the diiFerencc of their consU ucuon provided
lor m thi^ act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Massachusetts will make an ex-
planation of tins act.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
the joint resolution, as the House will sec, in-
volves a relief for Captain John Ericsson, who
presents a memorial for relief from the terms of
his contract for building the iron-clad monitors
Dictator and Puritan. The reputation of Mr.
Ericsson as a scientific engineer, and the great
benefit that he has conferred on the country in
the invention of an entirely new class of nava
vessels, are too well known to require any recital
here. .
The House is perfectly familiar with the re-
markable. encounter of one of his vessels, the
original Monitor, with the Mernmac at Hampton
Roads, in the eaily part of 1862, also with the
recent encounter between the Weehawken, an-
other of his vessels, and the Atlanta.
At a subsequent period, after the experiments
made with the original monitors, it became evi-
dent^) the Navy Department, to engineers, and
to the country, that it was expedient, especially
for purposes of harbor defense, that alaiger num-
ber of vessels of this class should be built. Mr.
Ericsson entered into a contract with the Nnvy
Den n'tmemfoi the construction of two largo-class
monitors, having a tonnage of about three thou-
sand tons each, to be guarantied a speed of six-
Leu knot* an hour, and to be m all respects the
' mojt formidable vessels of the class up to this I
time constructed. Of course very little experience
had been had in this country at that time in build-
ing vessels of this class. There were very few
valuable results of experience to be derivSd from
other countries. The contract for the two vessels
was common to both. The pi ice to be paid for
both was §2,300,000. They were to be alike, ex-
cept that the Puritan was to be about thirty feet
longer than the Dictator, and was to have two
turrets, while the Dictator was to have but one.
Excepting in these particulars the ships were to
be exactly alike.
Mr. Ericsson entered on the execution 6( his
contract. Butfrom time to time variousimprove-
ments were suggested, either through the invent-
ive genius of the country, through the experience
of our own people in the use of naval vessels of
this kind, and also from the expeiience of France
and England, which countries had embarked
somewhatcxtensively in the building of monitors.
It was, of course, desirable that vessels involving
such great expense, and oil which such great in-
terests depended, should embody all perfections
and improvements. The incorporation of such
improvements has delayed the construction of
these vessels. In the mean time there has been,
as everybody knows, an advance jn the cost of
labor and material, which has increased the cost
of making these alterations.
The contract does not call for the appropriation
of a specific sum of money for the relief of the
contractor for the building of these vessels. But
the proposition involved in the resolution, as
those gentlemen who have given attention to it
will perceive, is thatthe Dictator, which is nearly
completed, shall be immediately completed with-
out any delay, and without any additional cost
to the Government; and that the proportion of
th(j$2,300,000 which belongs to the Dictator, as
the smaller of the two vessels, shall be paid on
her completion. It then piovides that the Puritan
shall be surveyed under the direction of the Navy
Department, shall be taken into account and a
valuation placed upon her in her present condi-
tion, paid for at that valuation, the Government
then to go on and finish the vessel itself, on its
own plan, with as much economy as possible.
That, 1 believe, is a fair statement of the ques-
tions and facts involved in this joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I haveheaid
the statement of my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, in regard to this
joint resolution which has been intioduced here
this morning, I believe, for the first time.
He has paid a glowing, and I have no doubt
deserved tribute, to the genius, and I may say patri-
otism of Captain Ericsson, who has perhaps con-
ferred a gieat benefit upon the country by his in-
vention, and it may be that my heart might poa-
sibly soften so far as to vole him something if
presented in a separate bill for that purpose. But
I have not been able to see the propriety of mak-
in°" him the compensation which he desires pre-
cisely in this way. .
This proposition, as I understand it, from the
reading ofthe resolution itself as well as from the
explanation of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, "simmers down" to about this: Cap-
tain Ericsson made a contract with the Govern-
ment voluntai ily, for the building of two certain
vessels, which have been named the Puritan and
Dictator — very good names, particularly tne
former, as I came fiom that sort of stock myself;
and 1 like the name of the Dictator also, for 1
trust she will be able to dictate terms to the rebels
and to all others who are against us.
Well sir, this contract having been made, as
it appeals, for the construction of these two ves-
sels, the party making it now comes foiwa i
and asks that the terms of it may be materially
changed, or, in fact, I may say that the whole
contract for this one vessel is proposed to be ab-
rogated, which, as I understand, will enable the
contractor to build the other without lo  . I
all, as it seems to me, amounts to just this, that
this man, Captain Ericsson, says he ias-™ d° *
bad bargain, and that he cannot comply with Ills
contract without losing money. He therefore
asks us to come in and relieve him toth.s cxten .
Now, 1 beg to say tlmt I am uUeily opposed to
this manner of relieving the Government eontract-
ois. There have been a great many contracts
duriix- the progress of this war; thcie has been a
great deal of money made by contractors outof the"
Government. I believe I remarked this morning
to a gentleman that there had been money enough
made by them to fill this Halt with greenbacks.
We have seen the effect of the money, whicli
has been made by these contractors in too many
places—in the shoddy operations which are every-
where visible; butin all the vast amount of money
w-hich has been so made 1 have never known
any contractor offer to refund any money to the"
Government in consequence of a good contract.
Whenever any one of them, however, alleges that
he has lost money, he comes in here and asks us to'
make up to him the amount he expected to realize
from the contract.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question, for I desire to understand
the merits of this bill? I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to state that a contract
was made with Captain Ericsson for the construc-
tion of both ofthese vessels, but Captain Ericsson
found it impossible to comply with his contract
because of interference on the part of the Govern-
ment. Now, 1 ask whether when a contract with
such a man as Ericsson is interfered with , by
the Government the Government is not boundto
make his losses good in consequence of such in-
terference ■
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As I under-
stand, in regard to that matter, the Government,
under the conditions of the contract which it made
with Captain Ericsson, had the right to make
certain changes, that the Government made those
changes, and granted allowances to Captain Er-
icsson, which were deemed proper. These I un-
derstand to be the facts; and thatthe Government
has faithfully carried out its part of the contract
' which Captain Ericsson deliberately entered into.
If I am not right I desire the gentleman to cor-
rect me, for I have no intention to do Captain
Ericsson injustice.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The Govern-
ment has made allowance for some ofthe altera-
tions which have been made by Captain Ericsson
in these vessels. My friend from Illinois will
allow me, i hope, to make a suggestion,and that
is, not to involve this resolution, in which hon-
orable parties are concerned, in any connection
with contract^ of a disreputable character, like
those to which he has alluded. I am sure he does
notmean to apply the language which he has ut-
tered to the particular contract now under con-
sideration. . .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was merely
illustrating the fact that when these contractors
make vast sums of money they never divide with
the Government, but keep every dollar, however
enormous may be their profits. But when they
lose, be it ever so little, they ask us to absolve
them and to make their losses good. Now,! do
not forget the bill that went through last Con-
gress and which 1 resisted, but m vam. It was
for the relief of large contractors, who, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts said, had made a
bad bargain with the Government—that the arti-
cles which they had contracted to furnish had
risen in price veiy much, and that they-could not
furnish them without a great loss. They hall
made a contiact with the Government and 1
thought they ought to stand by it. But they came
and asked us for relief, and, 1 am sorry to say,
they obtained it. I resisted that application then
upon precisely the same ground that I now resist
thBu°n sir, I do not mean to go into any lengthy
argument on the subject. Mr. Ericsson made a
, contract with the Government, fairly and satis-
! factorily, to build these vessels ot war. ihe
Government, as I understand, reserved to itself
in that contiact the right to make alterations.
It has made those alterations, and has given to
Mr. Ericsson all that it believed he is entitled
to. But Mr. Ericsson is not satisfied with that,
and comes here and asks to be relieved in the
manner specified. ....
Mr. THAYER. Does the gentleman from Illi-
nois suppose that the Puritan can be finished in
the time specified? . , .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois If she m
not finished by Capt.m Ericsson, then the
Government come upon his sure < ^ 1 *
uue done by his failure to fulfill tne contact.
! lie has given surety. It was the duty ol the
| Government to exact sureties, full and ample,
