CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
What two ? Here is the case of a father and
son who have gone into the service. There are
three more, sons, and ait of them may be drafted.
The bill says, if there are two in the service, then
the rest of the family, not exceeding two, shall
be exempt. Now 1 want to know which two.
How is that to be arranged ? The two oldest, or
the two first drafted ? The clause is imperfect; it
is incapableof execution as itstands, and it needs
amendment. Forthepurposeofmaking itplawer,
I will move to strike out the words " not exceed-
ing two," so that where two of a family are in
the service, or have been killed, the rest of the
family shall be exempt from the draft.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment will be inorderafter the amendments
of the committee have been gone through with,
and then the bill wdl be open to further amend-
ment.
Mr.COLLAMEIt. I thought the Senator from
Miissa'iiusetts desired 10 have the rest of the bill
amended before we took up the foiu teemh section.
The VICE PRE3I DEN V. The Senator gave
way to add a spi cifie section.
Sir. COLLAM Ell. lie then proceeded to put
in an amendment of his own.
Mr. WILSON. I hnve no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. COLLAMER. I withdraw it altogether.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I renew the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Vermont. I have no
objection, however, to waiving it for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky was recognized by the Chair.
Mi\ POWELL. If it isin oider, I should like
to offer an amendment to the bill as an independ-
ent section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in oider first
to dispose of the amendments of the committee.
The committee propose to amend the lull by add-
ing an additional section; winch will be read.
The Seeietai y read it, as follows:
Skc. 14. «<? ./ ho it jurthci ewictc'l, That m> much of the
ncl loi onroiliii'-i fum ealhn:.'out the national forces, ami lor
other purposes, uppioved Match I6;>.>, as authoi i/.e  Hie
ili.icliurue ot an> drafted pet son, upon payment of a sum
notexceeding' ilnec bundled dollai-, Itotn hnther liability
under th.it 01 any Mib^cquent dull, lit*, ami the bume is
hereby, repealed.
iVIr, HOWE. I move to amend tiio amend-
ment by striking out the words " that or," in ihe
sixth line, so Unit it will read, "from further
liability umh-t any subsequent draft, be, and the
same is hereby, i.-pealed.
The a mend ment to the amend men t was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section is still
open to amendment.
Vlr. ill£NUlUCKS. 1 think the other por-
tions of tin* lull otitrht to he considered before we
consider the hist.section pioposed by the commit-
tee. With that view, 1 ask the consideration of
the amendment winch I jn oposed to the third sec-
tion, as I wish to base upon that another amend-
irient winch I shall desire the Senate to consider
before they coo.suJer the sertion proposed by the
Committee on i\j ilir.it y Allans, i offered an
amendment to the third section (he other day,
winch I will ask to have leporled to the Senate
and considered a! the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana pi opuses io amend the third section of
the biil, and asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to eonsidet il at this tune.
Ah. SU KRAI A N. it semis to me it is always
more u i lm h < 11 i 11 ,11 and lentil.it to < outsider the
aim-1 d iiifii t -i of i h. eomuui h-e first. The Senator
can i.mhmhii'diy speak to iiis amendment, if ixs
wishes to do so, on ihe committee's mhk ndment,
as it is connected with this subject-matter, but it
ijeoms to me we ought to dispose of this fourteenth
section first, as it is the most important subject of
aontrovctsy.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will explain to the Sen-
ator from Ohio why I prefer the comsel have
&u**gested. I think it is proper that we should
have two clashes: first, those who ate not mar-
ried, who should be culled upon first; and sec-
ondly, all poison^ who tiro maiiied and liable to
mihtaiy duty. Then, if that be agreed to, 1 have
no objection, if i' he insisted on by the Senate,
that persons who are not marned and who shall
be drafted shall not be allowed lu pay the §300. ,
I think, however, that the Senate should stand i
by that proposition until the present draft is cxc-
cuted, and married men at least should be allowed
to pay the commutation money. It is impossible
to get at these points on the section proposed by
the committee. I move, therefore, that the consid-
eration of the section proposed by the committee
be postponed until the amendment proposed to
the other sections shall be considered. It seems
to me that that would be the better course, and we
should perfect the billmore satisfactorily.
Mr. WILSON. That can be done by unani-
mous consent. I do not know that there would
beany objection to it. The proposition co.ntained
in the fourteenth section is a distinct proposition
that stands out by itself; we all understand what
it means. We may perfect the bill and then take
that up afterwards. I certainly have no objection
to the course proposed by the Senator from Indi-
ana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection on the part of the Senate, the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Indiana will been-
tertaincd. The Chair hears none. It will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, in section
three, line four, after the word 44 sixty-three" to
strike out the following words:
And so much of section ten of said act as provides lor
the separate enrollment of e:ieh elites, be, and Hie same is
hereby, repealed; and it shall he the duty or the board of
enrollment of ea«h di-tuet to consolidate the two clas&es
mentioned in the third section of said act.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the national foiees of the Hinted States not now in
the mil uaiy mm vice, enrolled under tins act. .-hall he divided
into two el iu--.es; the In >t of winch shall coin pi ire all per-
sons subject to do military duty between the nu<sol nvunty
and fort.\-five ><\us, and who are uuuKuried ; the second
cl.ix, shall eonipii-e all othei pet-on-> Mibj"ct to do nnhiniy
duty; and the pei.sonsol the second el.t-s '-hall not. in any
di-tuft. be culled into the seivice of the United States un-
til tiios.o of the lir.-t class shall have been called.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President,declassi-
fication which we find in the original law has not
much reason perhaps for us support. I will read
that section, and then the Senators can under-
stand the pioposed change. Section three of the
law, as it stands, is as follows:
"That the national ibices of the United States not now
in the military s-eivice, eniolied nnd>m tins act, shall be di-
vided into two ohixfei'-i the lii.-l oi which "hall compute
ail pei.von.-. subject to do nulitaiy dntv between the ages of
twenty and llmiy-livc jeai-, and all mnnariicd peisons
Mibjert to do iniiitaiv tlnl\ above theajje ot thntv-livcand
nndci ihe aire ol loi tv-tive; the second cla^t-hai! comprise
all other pei-on- sub|< ct to doinihtaiy duty,and they >liall
not, in any district, be called into the  ei viee oi the (Jniied
States until tiiot.u ol tli« Ihot chi&s t-lmll have been called."
Which amounts to just this, that unmarried
persons between twenty and foity-five, and mar-
ried persons between iwentyand thirty-five,con-
stituted one class, and mariied persons between
thirty-five and forty-five another class. Of course
it vei y often occurred that it was quite as difficult
for manicd peisons between twenty and thuty-
five to go to the service as for those between
thirty-live and forty-five. The obligations to the
family are the same; but with a family of small
childi en it is frequently moie difficult foi the father
to leave that fanulyAvheu he i« between twenty
and thirty-five than is the case with men between
the ages of thirty-five and forty-five. In that
class of cases children are frequently able to some
extent to provide for themselves, but where the
father is between twenty and thirty-five he fre-
quently has to leave a family of very small chil-
dren.
Now, I propose by thcamendment that instead
of that classification there shall be just the dis-
tinction betwi en man led and unmarried persons-,
that all unman ied persons shall constitute the first
class, and that class shall be exhausted before
married peisons shall be called into the service at
all; and then i care not whether the unmarried
pei sons be allowed to pay the commutation money
or not; whether they be the sons of poor men or
rich men, if you please, let them go to the ser-
vice; but for the married men, 1 hope the clause
will be continued, allowing them to pay the com-
mutation money. This distinction is a fair one,
between m.lined and unmanied persons.
Af 1 bad occasion to say dunng the diseussion
yesterdn y, a eonsei iption iaw cannot he vei y pop-
ular. Pethaps what I said was not well under-
stood, or was misconceived by the Senator from
Massachusetts m his rem.uks this morning. lie
said that we ought not to have any reference to the
qucstionof popularUyinourlegislation. In respect
to the effect of my vote upon myself, I do not pro-
pose to look to the question whether it be a pop-
ular measure or not; but in respect to the public
mind, whether a law shall fall favorably upon that
public mind or not, it is the duty of statesmen to
consider that question. And when we are legis-
lating upon so dedicate a question as this, forcing
men into the military service, to leave their fam-
ilies in many cases unprepared, weoughtto have
in our minds all the while, whether the measure is
as acccptable to the public as it can be made; and
it is our duty to the country, to the people, and
to the Administration, to make this measure as
palatable to the public ns we can make it.
Now, sir, if we first require the unmarried men
of the country to enter the military service, and
will not call upon the married men until thatclass
is exhausted, we shall have stripped this legisla-
tion of one very objectionable feature. It is ahard
thing for a man to leave his family; and the Sen-
ate need not be sui pnsed that in the country there
ia much prejudice excited in the public mind by
legislation which forces a man to leave his wife
and his children. It is a very powerful sentiment;
and when a man is forced to leave the children
whom he longs to provide for when he cannot well
do it, we need not be surprised that that law is
unpopular; but if we first require the unmarried
men of the country to go into the service, and do
not call upon the married men at all until that
class is exhausted, we have certainly accommo-
dated the law to a vei y great extent to the popu-
lar sentiment. I think that, in view of the efficiency
of the law and the success of the Administration,
we ought to do this.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I submit that if
we adopt the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Indiana, we ought to amend the title of the
bill so that it will be, a bill to amend the enroll-
ment net and also to encourage matrimony; for
the effect of his amendment, if adopted, I think,
would inevitably be to drive ail unmarried men in
the country into matrimony, and the first class
would be absorbed in the second before the very
first diaft was commenced under the amended act.
In the State of Wisconsin, the Legislature pro-
vided for paying a certain additional sum, I think
five dollars a month, to the families of married
persons who volunteered into the Army. The
result has been that very many persons have vol-
unteered on one day and got married on the next;
and very many such marnages have taken place,
I am told, between parties who were not entire
strangers, but who never had cei tainly contem-
plated, either of them, matrimony the day befoie
the enlistment.
I should seriously apprehend thatif this amend-
ment be adopted we should have all the magis-
trates and clergymen of the country applying for
relief. They would want clerks to relieve them
from the press of business on their hands, matri-
mony would be so popular and so frequent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
The amendment was rejected—ayes ten, noes
not < ounted.
Mr. DIXON. As the fourteenth section will
probably caupe considerable discussion, I ask
leave to introduce at this time the amendment
which I proposed the other day, and which has
been pnnted.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Infection two, line thirty-four, after the wmd "two,"
insoii:
Kiiibth, all persons recognized as clergymen or religious
miniate!-- by tho ecele^iaritioai authority of the denomina-
tion oi communion of which lin-y arc membeis.
Mr. DIXON. Mr, President, I gave notice a
few days since of my intention, with the leave of
the Senate, to introduce a bill exempting minis-
ters of religion, of all communions, from the oper-
ation of the enrollment act. The amendment
which I have now offered furnishes me an earlier
opportunity to test the opinion of the Senate on
the subject.
The original bill, which is now proposed to be
amended by the bill ofthe Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts,nnd which I propose still further to amend,
| was passed near the end of the last session ofthe
, Tlmty-Seventh Congress, when there was little
time tor deliberation and discussion. It way then
| proposed to exempt clergymen; butthe question
| was but briefly discussed, and was not very de~
! liberately considered. The public mind has since
