3082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
and if the terms of the contract be not complied
with it is the duty of the Government to institute
proceedings against these parties.
Mr. THAYER.' It may or may not be that
the United States may be successful in such a law-
suit; but the point I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois is whether it is not of greater
importance that the Government should have the
early use of these ships than to enter into a doubt-
ful lawsuit with Captain Ericsson.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does my
friend from Pennsylvania propose, in this and
all other like cases, to allow parties who make
contracts with the Government go scot-free when
they say that they cannot go forward with their
contracts, and pay them whatever they demand?
Are these men to come here after failing to fulfill
their contracts, and to declare that they will not
fulfill them, and that unless we vote them an ap-
propriation we cannot have these vessels ? Why,
sir, it would-never do for this House to yield to
such a principle, as my friend suggests.
- Mr. KELLEY. Abstractly the gentleman
from Illinois is right, that the principle is not a
good one; but it is a fact that something must be
done, or the Puritan and Dictator will remain
unfinished. Nothing, sir, that has come before
the Naval Committee has been more carefully
scrutinized than this; and they have arrived at
the judgment, after mature deliberation, that the
interests of the country require something to be
done.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then, ac-
cording to that, the Government is in the hands
of this contractor.
Mr. KELLEY. There is no other contractor
building such vessels as these. There is no other
man in the country who will undertake to-day to
build these vessels for fifty per cent, more than
Captain Ericsson will get under this contract.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But Mr.
Ericsson has contracted to build these vessels,
and has given security for the faithful execution
of that contract.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I understand,
Mr. Speaker, that Mr. Ericsson-has already ex-
hausted the amount appropriated for building
these vessels, and that he and his sureties have
expended some six or seven hundred thousand
dollars besides.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, oflllinois. That is their
misfortune. Those wore matters which they were
bound to take into consideration when they made
the contract. If my friend from Massachusetts
should make a contract for performing a certain
thing and he becomes a loser thereby he does not
go whining around to be relieved from the effect
of his own act; but he comes up and stands to his
contract like a man.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Illinois wants
to discuss this matter faiily.
Mr. WASUBUUN12,of Illinois. I do.
Mr. PJICE. I wish to make one suggestion.
The Department has duected some alterations to
be made in these vessels.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that.
Mr. PIKE. The Government has paid for
those alterations at their cost.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. According to
the contract and in the manner stipulated in the
contract.
Mr. PIKE. But in making them a large de-
lay was occasioned m bm!dtn  the vessels, so
that instead of costing $2,300,000 according to the
contract, the cost has been very largely enhanced
by the increased priee of labor and materials.
This delay was occasioned in a great degree by
the alterations made m tin* vessels.
Mr. WASHBURNFC, of Illinois. Was not,
the possible delay occasioned by alterations per-
fectly umh'f stood by the parties? They agreed
that alterations mi^ht be made.
Mi. PIKE. The gentleman from Illinois does
not undeisraml the contract as I do.
Mr. STEVENS. Does not the Government
always leserve the right to direct alterations, by
paying the cost'
Mr. PIKE It is not -so, so fir aw \ have ex-
anunul eunti.K-ts. I think it N hot so in thu
case. I will state the contract as I understand
it, and the proceedings under it.
Mi. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course
the committee before they made the report had
the contract before them. That becomes a ma-
terial matter.
Mr. jPIKE, The facts are these: there is no
provision in the contract for alterations. Mr.
Ericsson himself was desirous of producing the
most perfect thing possible. He consequently
assented to alterations for the purpose of bring-
ing about that result. Those alterations, incon-
sequence of a want of experience in building iron-
clads both in this and foreign countries, were very
extensive. That caused great delay,and although
the Government may have paid the cost of a spe-
cific alteration, still the delay enhanced the cost
so much that Captain Ericsson is a very large
loser,and he should be equitably compensated by
the Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask my
friend if the Government has not compensated
him in accordance with the terms of the contract.
I certainly understood that.
Mr. PIKE. I do not so understand it.
Mr. NELSON. I would inquire whether we
could not heal up the injury by granting to these
contractors a few millions of public land?
Mr. PIKE. I am not in the land business and
cannot answer.
Mr. NELSON. We have been in it so ex-
tensively we might keep it up a little while longer.
When Ericsson made the contract he undoubt-
edly thought he should make money, but, as he
has not done so, perhaps a few million acres of
land, and a few bonds thrown in, will heal the
'nJMi\ WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was try-
ing to get some information in regard to the na-
ture of this contract, I supposed the committee
had the contract Ericsson made with the Gov-
ernment and would produce it to the House be-
fore they would ask them to act upon this sub-
ject. 1 desire the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs to state what the contract is.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. 1 have not the
contract here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understood
my friend from Massachusetts to admit that the
right was reserved in the contract to make these
alterations, upon the Government paying a just
compensation.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Thatisnotthe
question he put to me. What I understood him
to ask me was whether the Government had made
any allowance for the alterations, and I answered
that they had; and such is the fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the Gov-
ernment has made an allowance they must have
made it under the contract. They could not have
made it unless there was a contract for it. These
are the considerations which have induced me to
question very much the propriety of passing this
bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois if, since the time this contract
was made, the puces of material and the rates of
labor have not advanced inoie than a hundred per
cent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That may
be; but that is a matter which a party who bids
fen contracts is bound to take into consideration.
! Suppose materials had depreciated a hundred per
j cent., would Mr. Eticsson have come forward
ami returned anything to the Government?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I understand this propo-
sition is t«-> allow Mr. Ericsson something on ac-
count of the increased prices of materials.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes; that is it.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. Well, sir, if we allow to
him we ought injustice to make the same allow-
ance to all who have contracts with the Govern-
ment for the manufacture of engines or the build-
ing of ships. Others are justas much entitled to
it as Mr. Eiicsson.
Mr, PIKE. I send to the Clerk's desk a let-
ter fu>m Mr. Kncstfon, part of which I ask to
have read. It is dated New York, June 12,1864.
The Clerk read, as follows:
: The houoiable Secretary of the Navy in his icply
to jour communication of the 2uth of May, requesting Uie
views ot the Department on tiie subject of my petition for
additional allowance on the eontiact Jot conducting the
j! jheiuoi a.id Piiuwii, lias been plea-Til to iceomuu ad
1 mv criM' to the /avoial'b eon-idtruion of but
] tin* honorable Secictaiv jii Ins zeal to cuitrul the exj.cndi
j tuic ot the Depai tinentb.ih not bona so Uncial in paying lor
| exua wuik ahis communication would indicate, tor not
; withstand nig tnc [jOMtive recommendation of Admiral
i (riegoiyto pa) the whole amount churned, and tK'twiUi-
starulmg the award in my favor of two sepnrnt" boanN of
naval oifiecrs and cn<*ineoi-, moro than one trad ct the
work enumerated in mv MippJemental j-pecifkatum Mr *i\-
tra wrtik ha* bwn luled out by the Department m.d-r the
assumption, most erroneous m my humble opinion, tii.it it
foimed part of the eontiact. Nor is tins all. for the ptsces
in my &upnlem«uttal specification vveie fixed a. yeai njro,
since which an increase of thirty pf r cent, on labor and
materials hu  taken place. Again, the payment ot the dit-
feienee of eigiit and one third per cent, ot the resoivutjon
which the honorable Secretary promises when the work on
the Puiitan s-hall have advanced as far as the Dictator,
namely, when the vessel h neaily ready for tuai, will come
loo late. Bui the f.nnk s-tatc.nent ot the .Secicta.y ot Hits
Navy 'that the memorialist and his a<-ociatc- oi ^ub-eon-
tructois ate liable and likely to MMain a log* on the \a^t
expenditures that have been made under the oi i mal eon-
tract is not questioned,' togethvi with lib loicible reninifc
that{the work was novel, unanticipated dela\> inlet vened,
great changes have taken place in our monetaiv concerns,
affecting prices and cveiy bu.-iness intei est.? These state-
menu of the honorable Secietary would appear to bo all-
sufficient to entitle me to favorable consideration. Con-
gress, I feel confident, wilt not refuse to grant relief in view
of the peculiar ments of the case as set forth by the chief
of the Navy Department."
Mr. PIKE. These alterations were made by
the consent of Mr. Ericsson, and many of them
doubtless at his own suggestion. The Secretary
of the Navy has taken the ground that it would
be improper for him as an executive officer to do
anything more than simply pay the cost of the
alterations. All the delay that has been occa-
sioned to the contractors and the consequent ex-
pense in keeping up their establishments, and the
continually increasing price of labor and materi-
als, have not been compensated for by the Navy
Dcpartmert. I believe the Department concurs
with the committee in the belief that this relief
should be accorded to these contractors. Cer-
tainly the House will be willing to deal at least
equitably with Mr. Ericsson, who has conferred
such great benefits on this country. They will
not tieat him in a niggardly spirit and rum him
irretrievably, simply because he has introduced
this great naval improvement from which we have
profited so immensely. These contracts run to
such great amount—between two and three mil-
lion dollars—that get off the best way he can,
Captain Ericsson will suffer a large loss. The
pioposition in relation to the Dictator is to pay
simply the contract price and let him pocket the
loss. The proposition in leiation to the Puritan
is that the Government shall pay only what she
is worth, and that is all there is in the resolution.
It is so fair and equitable that the House cannot
hesitate to adopt it.
Mr. VVADSWORTH. I take the side of the
Committee on Naval Allans in this matter, and
I want to say just a word in support of it. In
my view of the case the Government is much to
blame for the increased cost of the vessels. The
alterations proposed by the Government neces-
sarily occasioned considerable delay, and during
that time material and labor rose greatly in price.
The necessities of theGovernment required heavy
internal taxation -and increase of the tariff, and
articles thus burdened rose in puce. Thus the
expense was largely increased by the delay ne-
cessaiily insulting from the alterations required
by the Government in the 'stiuctuie of the ves-
sels. Nor must we forget the great decline since
the date of the contract in the paper of the Gov-
ernment in which payment is to be made, another
serious injury to Captain Ericsson resulting from
the delay caused by alterations. I think the cit-
izen should suffer no injury from the action of the
Government without appropriate redress; $nd to
be consistent I must vote to indemnify th is party
against this loss for which the Government itself
is largely responsible. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mi. Washburn*:] is consistent in opposing
this bill, for he uniformly opposes the payment
of losses to the citizen when the Governmenthas
directly occasioned them. My friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr.
Rice,] is not quite consistent in advocating it in
view of some other recent votes; but I let that
pass.
Hut, sir, I base my advocacy of this bill upon
another ground. 1 do not caie whether the
Government by its action occasioned the loss or
whether it arises from too low a bid in the fust
instance. A great Government like the United
Su.t'.,-' ought not t" suffer an injmy to fa!! upon
a ci'izei! like Captain Ericsson while employed
about its business. If Captain Eiicsson was led
by a generous enthusiasm for scence and uncal-
diluting devotion to the cause of his country to
