1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been called to it. So far as I can speak of public
sentiment, it is strongly iti favor of the exemp-
tion proposed. This is a consideration that, in a
war like that now waged, which is eminently the
people's war, is not without weight.
Butagain, in all wars, and in all countries, min-
istersofreligion have been exempted from military
service. No Christian country on the globe now
demands such service from them. Never before,
so far as I am informed, have the laws of any civ-
ilized or Christian country called into the field
those consecrated to sacerdotal duties. What is
there in the condition of this country, at this time,
which should cause us now to adopt a different
policy? Those who would be obtained as sol-
diers are few in number, and physically or nu-
merically would scarcely be felt. To subject
them to enforced military duty is therefore totally
unnecessary, and seems an utter disregard of the
expressed opinion of mankind and a violation of
the sancttty of their religious duties. Even 111 the
dire extremity of the rebel authorities, their clergy
are exempted from conscription.
The clergy minister to the wants of the families
of our brave soldiers during their absence, com-
forting them in their sorrows, and in death giving
them Christian burial. They save the lives of
thousands of our brave soldiers by bringing be-
fore their congregations the claims of the various
noble charities devoted to their aid.
They are, with rare exceptions, loyal; and a
loyal clergy at home is needed to counteract the
baneful influence ofa disloyal press. Many other
reasons might be enumerated; but not now de-
siring to occupy the time of the Senate, I content
myself with one final reason, which to my mind
is superior to all others. It is this: the ministers
of the Christian religion cannot, m myjudgment,
consistently with the duties of their sacred call-
ing, engage in the bloody work of war. The
Master whom they serve, and by whose author-
ity they are consecrated to minister in holy things,
has said that His kingdom is not of this world.
The war now waged by this Government against
the traitors who hi armed force are Icaguedagainst
its very existence, is in my opinion the holiest
war in which any portion of mankind have ever
been engaged. Yet I do not wish to see its battles
fought by the ministers of religion. I shuttle from
the sight of men devoted to its high and holy
duties acting in our armies as the executioners of
traitors. They have a higher, a holier duty. Not
for them to wield is the sword of vengeance; not
for them " the battle of the warrior, with confused
noise, and garments rolled in blood."
The fact to which 1 have already alluded, that
in every nation and among every people, Pagan,
Jewish, and Christian, the ministers of religion
have been exempted from every obligation which
involved the shedding of human blood 111 hostile
encounter, shows that this exemption rests on
something so like an instinct that it springs to its
conclusion without an argument; for I am not
aware that the justice and propriety of the exemp-
tion have ever been made matters of foimal dis-
quisition. Yet precedents and authority are not
wanting. I ask leave to read to the Senate an
extract from Bingham's Christian Antiquities,
volume one, page 374:
" Section 1.—No Soldier to he ordained.
" A third inquny was made into men's outw.nd stafe and
condition in the wot Id. For there were some calling* and
states of life which debated men from the pnvilcg*-' of oi-
dmation, not because they weie esteemed absolutely sinful
vocations, but because the duties attending them vvpre com-
monly incompatible and inconsi>iont with the ofhco of the
clergy. Of this nature were all thof-e callings winch come
under the general name of militia Roinana, which we can-
not so propeily English the military life us the scrvkr of
the empire. Foi it includes several offiees, as well civil
tnililaiy; the Honiara, .is Gothofied and othei leatin d per-
sons have observed, calling all infeiiot office- by the name
of mi/Uia. So there weie tinee sort? of it, mihtiapalatina,
militia cast) ensis or annata, and niihtia jnwiidiuhi, oi c>-
hortalis; the fif>t including the otfieers ol the empcioi's
palace; the second the armed soldiery of the camp; and
the thiid the appantois and olfieuiK ol judges and govern-
ors of piovinces,; all of which weie <-o tied to their -eivlce
that they could not forsake thnir station And lorthatiea-
son the laws of the State lot bade any of them to lie enter-
tained as eeclesia&tics or oidiuncd among the clergy. IIo-
norms, the emperor, partieulailv made a law to tins pur-
pose : < that none, who weie oi igmnlly tied to the rmhtaiv
life, a^ some woo even by biith, should, eitliei beiore ot
aft«r they weie entered upon that hie, take upon them any
clerical otliee, or think to excuse themselves fiom their
service, under the notion of becoming ecclesiastical pei-
soiis.' The canon-- of the Chuieh Sfoin to have eairiod tiie
matter a little further; for they foi bade the oiduiation of any
who had been soldiers after baptism, becausc they might
perhaps have imbrued their hands in blood. This appears
from the letters ot Innocent 1, who blames the Spanish
chinches lor admitting such persons into orders, alleging
tiie canons ot the Church against it. The fir^t council ot
Toledo to:bid- am such to be oidaincd dcacon.-, though
they had nevei been concerned in ' ihedduig of blood,' be-
cause, though they had not actually shed blood, yet byen-
tenng upon the military life they had obliged themselves,
if occasion had so required, to have done it. Which &eeras
to impoit that soldiers might be allowed in the infeuorser-
vices, but were not to be admitted to the sacred and superior
ordeis of the Church."
I will quote also from Waddington's History
of the Church, page 166. To a petition that
ecclesiastics should be exempted from military
service the Emperor Charlemagne replied as fol-
lows;
" in our desire both to reform ourselves and to leave an
example to out successors, we ordain that no ecclesiastic
shall join the ami}, except two oi three bishops chosen by
the oihcts, to give the benediction, piuach, teJelnate mass,
take eaie of tiie sick, and give the unction of holy oil and
the viaticum. 13m these shall carry no amis, ueit'hcrshall
they go to battle nor shed any blood, but shall be contented
to cairy i;;hcs a.id holy vot-seH, and to pruy for ihe combat-
ants. Tiie other bishops who remain at their chinches
shall send tlieir vassals well armed with Us or at our dis-
posal, and shall piay foi us and oururui}. Foi the people
and the kings who have permuted their priest* to fight
along with them have not gamed the advantage 111 their
wats, as we know from what lias happened in Caul, in
Spain, and in Xjombaidv. In adopting the contrary prac-
tice we hope to obtain victoty over the pagans, and finally
everlasting life."
In the Chnstian church the principle finally re-
solved itself into the maxim, " Ecclesia abhorret a
sanguine.1* Ecclesia here being equivalent to
clerici—the ecclesiastical functionaries. To evade
the force of this rule in a darkened age, when life
•was to be taken by an ecclesiastical sentence, there
was a formal making over of the victim to the sec-
ular arm. This rule remains so absolute in Eng-
land that the bishops withdraw when there is a
question touching human life. *
Perhaps these authorities and precedents may
not tell with much effect on the advocates of the
provision subjecting ministers of religion to en-
forced military service; but I am sure that the
taste, judgment, and feeling of the people of this
counti y i evolt against it, and necord with the .in-
dent and universal practice. Whether men he im-
bued with religious feeling themselves or not, it
is shocking to them that the hands which distrib-
ute the commemorative and symbolic signs of
man's redemption should be compelled to wield
swords and muskets raised in deadly conflict.
In tins age of the world the strength and power
of a nation are not resolved merely into the phys-
ical and material elements of cither. Among moral
elements, religion has confessedly a place. Who
will vrnime to assei t that the influence of religion
is not vitally connected with the character of the
nunisteis of religion as a class? Any law which
forces clergymen, not only into the actual com-
mingling and participation with deeds of violence
and bloodshed, but into associations with men
who may need their insti uctions, yet without any
facilities for doing among these men the only work
they are fitted to do; nay, which deprives them
by its provisions of the power of discharging the
obligations by which they have bound themselves
to God and man; any such law, I say, must
operate to the serious detriment, if not the over-
throw,of religion and the religions sentiment, as
a great moral power in the nation.
I do not see any force in the argument that any
exemption which would apply to the clergy may
be equally claimed by any individuals or sectal- !
leging conscientious scruples. A clergyman's pro-
fession is a fact—a fact with certain consequences,
recognized by the common judgmentof mankind.
The other claim of exemption is grounded on an
opinion, which not only may be wrong, but in
th*1 common judgment of mankind is wrong.
Should clergymen be exempted by the amend-
ment which I have offered, it will be necessary
to guard against one difficulty which may lead to j
an abuse of the exemption. The title minister ;
of the gospel is in tins country a very vague one.
In the hope of escaping military service the vague-
ly applied appellation of " ieverendM may be as-
sumed. I suppose there is in every religious body
some responsible authoi ity. Some ride, therefore, j
ought to be specified by which the real status of j
any person claiming exemption as a clergyman !
might he ascei tamed and proved. I have theie-
fore so drawn my amendment as to exempt only
those recognized as religious ministers by the
ecclesiastical authority of the denomination of
which they are members. 1 nsk that the question'
on my amendment be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, ( f Indiana. I shall certainly say
but a very few words, and I should not speak at
all if the yeas and nays had not been called.
In my State the clergymen are among the most
patriotic class we have in the whole State, and JV
have heard no complaint against this provision of'
the conscription law. They preach for the Unio>n 
and pray for the Union, and I am perfectly will-
ing that they shall fight for the Union, in order
to maintain the power and efficiency of thecl$rg.y,
they should bear the burdens of their flock; tatfc
any man who goes into the military service undert
this conscription law will have more power after-
wards than he has ever had before to lead the
people into the right way. The pn cedent diawir
from the history of Chai leimi^ne, ten<jer-hearted'
and Christian as he was, shall not influence my.
vote. I am willing and anxious that every min-
ister shall stand his chance to be conscripted,
equally with his flock.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. Piesident, thp Senator
from Indiana has stated a tact which is equally
true in the State which I have the honor of rep-
resenting in part. I have never heard a minister
in my State complain of thelawasit nowstands.
1 have heard them in their ecclesiastical organiza-
tions thank God that their manhood had been
recognized at least by Congress. I do not think
the law, as it stands, is complained of anywhere
by those who are officiating as clergymen; and I
hope, therefore, the law may remain as it is.
Mr. SHERMAN, i tiust the Senator from
Connecticut ^jvill withdraw his amendment, or
that we shall postpone the vote on his proposition
until after the question of the fourteenth section
is disposed of. It may be right enough to make
special provision for clergymen in case we refuse-
commutation to citizens generally. I say the
question had bettel* be taken after that. ["Oh,
no!"]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 33; as follows:
VEAS—Mo5*r-=. Anthony, Dixon, Doolittlc, Hickf,Mor-
rill, Saulsbury, Smnnei, Van Wmklv, and VVillcy—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Huckalew, CLtandici, Chirk, Col lamer,
Contio-;, Cowan, Davis, Febsenden, Foot, Fostor,Grime ,
Hauling, fiailnu, Ilairif, Henderson, flendijcks, Howard,
Johnson, Lane ol Indiana, Laneof Kansas, Morgan,Nes-
nmli, I'omeioy, Fowell, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,Tcn
Fyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Wright
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I send to the Chair an amend-
ment that I intend to offer at the proper time. I
ask that it be tead, and if we do not act on the
bill to-night I should like to have it printed. It
is an important proposition, and I want Senators
to consider it carefully.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment will be read for the information of
the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jlnd be it fin titer enacted, That any persons resident in
the States of Vnginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,Te-xas,
or Arkansas, who may voluntarily enh*t in the military
service of the United State* for the tei m of three years,
shall be entitled to the benefit- jiiul privileges of this act;
and such persons f-hall ho mustered into die regiments or
other organizations of \vhat*oeve  States they may ele'et;
and the States into whose icgiments or other oiganizations
they may he mustered shall iceeivu ciedit for &uch per-
son* the tnine a* though they weie enh>ted in Mich States:
Provided, That per -oiir> of Afncan descent shall he mus-
tered only into regiments or other organizations composed
or to he compo.-ed of -such peibons.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not move that amend-
ment now, but I merely give notice that I shall
offer it hereafter.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts inform mc whether persons in thesev-
eial States designated have not now a right, with-
out the passage of any law, to enlistin theservice
of the United'States? I understand the amend-
ment to be proposed upon the hypothesis that as
the laws now stand, citizens of the several States
named in the amendment, or, in other words, citi-
zens of the seceded States, would not be received
into the service of the United States. I do not
understand that to be the law.
Mr. WILSON. In reply to the Senator, I will
state that I understand the. piactn e and law to be
this: we are raising some twenty regiments, I
think, in the State of Tennessee, for instance.
Since General Burnside entered into East Ten-
