1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3083
undertake to perfect cftnm works of naval arch-
itecture, new and difficult,and deemed essential
io Uphold the honor ."Hi interest of the country
upon the ocean, ami in accomplishing them has
been ruined, the Government to which he has de-
voted his genius, labor, and means, owes it to it-
self to indemnify him. Sir, this is not to be
likened to the caseof an oidinary contract, where
fraud and cunning have secui'ed an ample mar-
gin; I here is no shoddy in it; it is the case of a
patiiotic and devoted man, supposing that he
could accomplish certain results by a certain out-
lay, and in that being grossly mistaken to his
rum. Zeal for the public service and pride in his
noble conceptions have made him careless of his
pecuniary interest, and a great Government ought
to be incapable of taking advantage of this de-
votion. The Government receives the avails of
liis labor, the works of his genius, and sends
them against the foe. In a critical moment of
our history the country was saved by the genius
of this man. For this she owes him a debt of
gratitude which no sum of money can ever re-
pay. When our fleets and the capital itself were
threatened by the success of that monster, the
Merrimac, this man's genius, like a divine inspi-
ration, steps in and saves us. I should tremble
for the result if the Dictator and Puritan went into
battle with theruin of Ericsson engravedon their
armor. I do not know how a Government like
ouis could consent to ruin a man like this be-
cause he miscalculates the cost of great works,
whose originality and novelty might easily dis-
appoint the public estimates of the greediest con-
tractor.
If I understand the proposition of the commit-
tee, itis to putone vessel on the handsof Ericsson
and his suretiesat whatever loss it may net. In the
other case the proposition simply is to take the
vessel at what it has cost this public-spirited cit-
izen. Sir, I could go further than that, and in-
demnify him as to both vessels against any loss.
Captain Eucsson is not that description of man
who is likely to flourish by contracts. He does
not belong to that venal crop of plunderers that
have made a merchandise of the tears and blood
of a nation, and now bear " the cost of princes
on unworthy shoulders." He belongs rather to
that notable and noble class of men who in all
ao-cs have seen gieat nations flourish by the dis-
coveries to which their genius gave bath, while
themselves linger outa life of poverty and neglect.
I hope our country will make a distinction in his
ease, and take care that he suffers no loss what-
ever through his devotion to the public service,
but rather that his patriot labors do not go unre-
warded. He has a claim to a generous recogni-
tion of his services at the hands of the national
Legislature, and I, for one, am prepared to give
it to him. , ,,
Mr LE BLOND. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky if there is any controversy
in regard to Captain Ericsson having sustained
this loss. .
Mr WADSWORTH. I understand from the
report of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs that he sustained a serious loss in the con-
struction of both vessels; that he and his sureties
ate willing to shoulder the loss on the Dictator,
and only ask to be indemnified by the Government
as to the Puritan. .
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, 1
believe there is no controversy or misunderstand-
in^ between the contractor for these vessels and the
Naw Department But the amount involved is
so large that the Department itselfdid not feel au-
thoiized to assume it, and therefore referred the
consideration and decision of the subjoct to Con-
gress which controls the making of contracts as
well as iheDenartment itself. The facts are sim-
ply that Capti'm Ericsson has given the country
the benefit of iiisgenius and years of hislaoo. and
industry, and the results of his skill are incorpo-
rated in these vessels, and have become a part and
parcel of what the Government will obtain under
lhUl,0"re'aiso to remind the House that no ap-
pro,tYaUonof money is asked for here, but sim-
ply a modification of tne terms of his cou.att,
sofar as that the Dictator, which is neai,y com-
pleted, shall be finished mid del ivered in soooiJ-
w,sSi the terms ot the contract, and tl.st
thf Puritan shall betaken by the Government at
a valuation to be made by a commission to
appointed by (he Navy Department itself, and
shall be finished under its direction by Captain
Ericsson, i believe the matter is sufficiently un-
derstood by the House, and now I move the
previous question.
Mr. ENGLISH. I simply desire to know if
there is any difference of opinion in the Naval
Committee in reference to this question.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I think there
is no difference of opinion upon it in the com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman if the Committee on Naval Affairs has
had any testimony in regard to the facts stated,
and whether such testimony has been embodied
in any report that will be printed and submitted
to the House. The joint resolution has not been
printed; and yet we are asked to pass it, without
either the report or the bill being printed, and
with nothing but the statement of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will say to
the gentleman that the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs bad no witnesses before them, but they had
documentary evidence before them which they
considered carefully and directed the report to be
made without a dissenting voice. I insist upon
my demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed' and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the joint reso-
lution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays on the passage of the joint reso-
lution.
The yeas and nays were oidercd.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 36, not voting 61;
as follows:
YEAS—Mc-srs. William J. Alt™, Baily, John U.Bald-
win, Baxter, Blame, Blair, Blow, Bontwell, Boyd, Bran-
degee, Brooks, liroomnlt, James 8. IJtown, Chanter, Cra-
vens, D.nves, Dixon, Dazes, Edeerton, Ehot, English, Gan-
non, Goncti, Gnswold, Hale, lligby, Hooper, Asahel W.
llublraid.Jotin [I. Hubbard. Insenott, Philip Johnson, Kel-
lev, 0) lanilo Kcllogl!, Kim nan. Knox, Law, bo lilond, Loan,
Loimveni, Marcy,Maivm, Mellruk, Meeting, Samuel L .
Milter, Mooihea.l, Motrin, Daniel Morris, James It. Mor-
ri? Amos Myers, Leonaid Myers, Norton, Udell, Charles
O'Neill, Patterson, Peiry, Pike, I'omeiov, Price, Pruyn,
Radford, Alexander H. Kice, Edwaid U. Rollins. James ft.
Rollins, lloss, Scolield, Scott, Shannon. Smtthers, John is.
Steele,SnoutsStuait,.sweat,Thayer,Tracy,Upson, van
Vaikenluueii, Wadsvvorth, Ward, William B Washburn,
Wheeler, Oliilton A. White, Williams, Wilder, Winfield,
and Woodbndge—85.
WAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Beain.m, Ambrose W. Olarfc,
Cobb. Coffiotli, Cole, Dawson, Doming, Denison, Eden,
Eldndge, Finck, Frank, Hardin?, Chatles M. Harns, Hol-
man, Iltiiburil, Knapp, Long, AI.il!o y, McDowell, Middle-
ton, Morr^on, Nelson, Noble, Ori'i, Perliam, Samuel J.
Randall, John II. Rice, Robinson, Sloan, ^til.es, '1 nomas,
Ehiiu B. Washbunu*, Joseph W. White, and W il*on—3b.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Jame-, 0. Allen, Alley, Allison,
Ame?, Anderson, Arnold, AMdry, Augustus C. Baldwin,
liiiv* William G. Brown, Fieeman Clarke, Clay,Cox. Cieh-
wclY, Ileury Winter Jfavis, Thomas'J\ IMvis, Donnelly, I)u-
mont, Ecklev, Fatirnvoith, Fen ton, Gai iield, Gridei,Grin-
nell, Hall, Hamilton, Benjamin G. Harris, Oeriick,iloteh-
kiss, Hutcliiiis, Jenekes, William Johnson, Julian, Ka b-
fleisch, Kas^on. Fianci? VV. Kcllogf, Knm. Lazcar, Litlle-
lotiu, SUAllictei, Mcludoe, McKmnej-, 'A illiam II. Miller,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, William II. Itaiidall, Kogei's
Schenck, Smith, Spalding. Starr. Stelibms, Wilnam fr.
Steele, Stevens, Vooibees, Web&ter, Whale}, Window,
Bunjarmn Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—GI.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee 011 Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution to pro-
vide for the revision of the laws of the District or
Columbia; when the Speaker signed the same.
AVrOIJiTMEXT OF ADMIRALS, ETC.
Mr. PJCE, of Massachusetts, fiom the_Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill toturthel
regulate the appointment of admirals, to incieuse
the number of line officers in the Navy, and for
the appointment of certain volunteer officers to
the regular Navy; which was read afirstaad sec-
ond time, recommitted to the Committee on Na-*
val Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
G. M'KAY AND J. B. GROW.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back the petition of
George McKay, J. B. Grow, and others; Which
was laid on the table, and the committee dis-
charged from the further consideration, thereof.;
PAT OF NAVAL CONSTRUCTORS. :
Mr. BRANDEGEE,-from the same commit-
tee, reported back petition in favor of an increase
of salaries of naval constructors; which was laid
on the table, and the committee discharged from
the further consideration thereof.
GAKEETT E. BARRY.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Garrett R. Barry, to report
Senate joint resolution No. 41, for the relief ofGar-
rett B. Barry, a paymaster in the United States
Navy, and ask that it may be put on its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It provides for
the release of Paymaster Garrett R. Barry, Uni-
ted States Navy, from his liability as surety of
John Debree, formerly paymaster in the Navy
of the United Slates.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
will pass unanimously. We have relieved Erics-
son from a bad contract with the Government,
and I hope this will pass unanimously.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask if there is a report in
the case.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. We adopt the reportof
the Senate committee.
Mr. WILSON. That resolution came here
from the Senate some time ago, in the precise
language in which it has been read, was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and is now in
the possession of the member from Vermont, [Mr.
Woodbridge,] as a member of that committee,
for investigation. I cannot understand how the
same resolution can come from the.Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I have here in my desk
the original Senate engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair presumes
the gentleman from Connecticut reports this as an
original House resolution.
EVENING SESSION DISPENSED WITH.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the order in reference to evening sessions be dis-
pensed with, so far as this evening is concerned.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eighty-two, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
NAVY-YAKD FOR IRON-CLADS.
Mr. O'NEILL,ofPennsylvania. Mr.Speaker,
itis growing late in the day, and 1 suggest that
the Committee on Naval Affairs put aside for the
present the reports upon private cases, which have
been under consideration, and bring forward at
once the proposition in reference to the establish-
ment of a naval station for buildingand repairing
iron-clad vessels, and for preparing iron armature
So earnestly and frequently has this subject beer,
urged upon Congress for its action by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, as indispensable for propet
and efficient naval purposes, and so anxiously are
the people of all parts of the country looking to us
for prompt efforts to place upon a footing, unex-
celled by other countries, our naval power, by
building iron-clad vessels and powerful armature,
that I cannot but earnestly appeal to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and to the members of
this House, to second this suggestion for imme-
diate action.
Mr. Speaker, we, who believe with the Navy
Department, and with those who have examined
the subject without prejudice, that League island ,
111 the river Deluw&re, is of a.11 places piopot>eu
the best suited for constructing our iron-clad navy,
by reason of its still and fresh water, its close
proximity to the inexhaustible coal and iion re-
gions of Pennsylvania, its nearm ss to a popula-
tion incomparable for skill 111 labor, science, and
the mechanical arts, and its entire defensibihty
from attack, beg of you to pass by all minor mat-
ters and now to accept thib noble gift of the city ot
Philadelphia offered to the country, only tor Us
i fitne&s for the purpose proposed.
