86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
nessee, we have enlisted about thirty-five hundred
men. So it is reported to me. We are enlisting
men now in Arkansas; we are enlisting men in
Louisiana; and General Banks, it is reported, has
enlisted some in Texas. I suppose we can enlist
all the black men and the white men in the region
of country in rebellion, if wc can get them into
our ranks. The difficulty is to get them, to offer
motives for them to go. It will require some ex-
pense to reach them, because in a great many of
those States, where we hold military possession,
and appear to cover a large section of the coun-
try, no man can go ten miles off the guarded lines
without being shot down or exposing his life;
running the risk of it, at any rate.
Now, what I wish to accomplish by this amend-
ment is, to allow the States, the counties, the
to wns, or the officers of the States having regiments
in the field, or individuals, to enlist any persons
in the rebel States; to let the white men go into
their regiments, and let the colored men be organ-
ized into companies and regiments. I think that
if we allow it we can weaken the conscription
there, and weaken the rebellion thus much, and
we can raise many thousand men in the next
three or four months. I see no reason in the
world why we should not do it, why that coun-
try should not be open to us to enlist all the men
we can; and as a motive to it, let the States in
whose regiments The white men go, have the
credit of them. We shall thus induce a great
many men to offer bounties to these persons to
go into the service—not bounties by the Federal
Government, but bounties will be offered by in-
dividuals, by towns, by counties, by States. I
think we ought to do it. I do not pj-opose, how-
ever, to pres ! it now. I only call attention to it
now as an amendment intended to be offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understand thattheHouse
of Representatives has acted 011 ouramendments
to the joint resolution we had up this morning,
adopting them all. We may'therefore as well
now take up the resolution in regard to a recess,
and determine that question one way or the other.
I move to lay aside the pending bill with a view
to take up that resolution.
Mr. POWELL. Before' that question is put,
1 desire to submit informally an amendment to
the pending bill for the purpose of having it
printed.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. That order will be
made if there be no objection.
Mr. TRUM BULL, Mr. HOWE, Mr. DIXON,
and Mr. HENDRICKS also submitted amend-
ments, which were received informally, and or-
dered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is 011
the motion of the Senator from Ohio to postpone
the pending bill, and take up the resolution indi-
cated by hi 111.
The motion was agreed to.
MHSSAOB FROM TUB IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 35) to provide
for the deficiency in the appropriation for the pay
of officers and men actually employed in the
Western department, or department of Missouri;
in which the concurrence, of the Senate was re-
quested.
ADJOURNMENT OVER TIIE HOLIDAYS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution has
been amended, and is now before the Senate for
concurrence as amended.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that it be read as it now
stands.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when Hie two
Houses oi Congress adjourn on WeitnoMlny the 2Jd instant,
it shall be until Tued;iy the 5th day of Junuary, 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution, and they were
ordeied; and being taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays
15; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Anthony, lltiekalew, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Doohttle, Foster, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Hicks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Mor-
gan, Nesmith, Foineroy, Powell, Ilamsey, Salisbury, Sher-
man, Sprague, Vail Winkle, Wilkinson, Willey, and
Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Ctark, Collamer, Conness,
Fessenden, Foot. Grimes, Harding, Harlan, Morrill, Slim-
lier, Ten Myek, TiumhuM, Wade, and Wilson—K>.
So the resolution wns agreed to, as amended.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, the bill (H.
R. No. 35) to provide for the deficiency in the ap-
propriation for the pay of officers and men actual ly#
employed in the Western department, or depart-
ment of Missouri, was taken up, read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
GENERALS WITHOUT COMMANDS.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to fur-
nish tile Senate with thenamcsofallofthe majorand briga-
dier generals who are without commands equal to a brigade,
stating how long each has been without such command,
and wlietliereach has a stuff; andifso, how numerous, and
of what rank, and what amount of pay, including commu-
tations and rations, each, including those of his staff, has
been receiving while so without a command; and also that
he inform the Senate how many major and brigadier gen-
erals are in command of departments, districts, and posts
in the loyal States; and whether any necessity exists that
requires that these departments, districts, and posts should
be commanded by officers of feuch high rank, with their
numerous and expensive staffs.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the resolution ought
to be addressed to the President, instead of the Sec-
retary of War.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois ask for the present consideration of
the resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the resolution had
belter lie on the table for the present. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 22, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the call of committees for reports.
PEKSONAI* EXPLANATION.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I wish to make an explanation
of my vote yesterday on the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Harding] to the
joint resolution appropriating money for bounties
to soldiers.
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged ques
tion; nor is it a question of privilege. It requires
unanimous consent. Is there any objection ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the service of the PostOffice Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1865; which
was road a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be made
a special order for the 6th day of January next.
The motion was agreed to.
CAItMACK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. HOLM AN, from tho Committee of Claims,
reported the following resolution, upon which he
demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the First Comptroller of the Treasury be
roqueted to e-u&pend (wither pioeeedincs in reference to
tin; claim ol Caun.ick&. Ramsey against the United States,
reteired to him liy the sixth section of nn aet of Con^re^s,
entitled <k An act making .ippropiiations for the service ot
the Post Oilice Department dining the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1857," nppioved August 18, 1856,until further action
oi Congiesrf touching the f.ame,
Mr. COX. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Indiana that I saw tho Comptroller last
evening.
The SPEAKER, Debate is not in order.
Mr. COX. 1 want to make an explanation for
his benefit. The First Comptroller has already
suspended action oil that case,
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, I would rather have
that done by the authority of the House,
The SPEAKER. Does tho gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir, except for the pur-
pose of saying a few words. It has been well
understood that the First Comptroller of theTreas-
ury was required by law to examine and settle
this claim. It is desirable now that before he
acts finally on it Congress should have an op-
portunity of expressing itself again with refer-
ence to the merits of the act of 1856. This res-
olution can do no possible injury, and will, at
least, have the effect of justifying the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury in suspending further pro-
ceedings.
Mr. COX. The only reason of my remark
was that 1 did not think the action of the Comp-
troller justified any reflection on his character.
Mr. HOLMAN. This resolution does not
reflect upon him, nor has anything been said here
or elsewhere reflecting on his conduct. This is
merely to request him to suspend action on the
claim until further action of Congress. Neither
the integrity nor ability of the First Comptroller
of the Treasury has been called in question.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire from the gen-
tleman from Indiana, at whose suggestion it is
that this matter is now proposed to be taken from
the control of the First Comptroller of tho Treas-
ury, before whom it has been already argued on
written agreement between the parties.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is a joint resolution
before the House, which has been referred to the
Committee of Claims, on which I presume there
will be a report referring the whole subject to the
Court of Claims. It will be remembered that this
whole question arises under the sixth section of
the actof 1856, authorizing the First Comptroller
of the Treasury to adjust the claim of Carmack
& Ramsey against the Government for the trans-
portation of mails on a certain mail route, on
which no service was ever actually performed.
The purpose of the joint resolution is to refer the
whole subject from the First Comptroller of the
Treasury to the Court of Claims, where it can
be more properly investigated by a full court. It
is for the purpose of suspending proceedings until
that joint resolution can be acted on that this
resolution has been reported.
Mr. DAWES. One word more. I did not
hear the gentleman distinctly. 1 want to know
whetherl understand the case right or not. Iwish
to know whether it is a fact that this matter has
been heard before the Comptroller, on a written
agreement between the parties—the Government
on one side and the claimants on the other—
whether this resolution does not come in just as
the Comptroller is about to make up his judgment,
and whether it does not come from the same par-
ties who agreed to submit it to the Comptroller,
and who have been heard by counsel before the
Comptroller. I only wish to ask the gentleman ,
if I understand it right.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do understand that this
subject has been before the First Comptroller of
the Treasury. I understand, too, that certain
testimony has been taken before him. I do not
understand, however, that the case has been final-
ly heard, and that he is prepared to render his
judgment. But I do understand, from the corre-
spondence which has come before the House, that
he regards the sixth section of the act of 1856 as
settling the question that the contract under which
these parties assert their claim was a valid con-
tract against the Government, and that it is his
duty under that section to determine simply the
amount of damages which these parties should
receive.
It will be recollected by my friend from Mas-
sachusetts that this subject has been before former
Comptrollers of the Treasury. A report lias
been made, adverse to this claim entirely, since
the passage of the act of 1856. And I am prob-
ably violating no confidence in saying, for I only
know what is generally known by members of
the House, that it is well understood that tho
Post Office Department, believing that these par-
ties have no just claim whatever against the Gov-
ernment—and such has been the basis of the
action of this House—has been disposed to favor,
I will not say a suspension of the act of 185C, but
a reference of the subject to a tribunal before which
it can be more properly heard. The First Comp-
troller of theTreasury is not a very appropriate
tribunal to try a great ease against the Govern-
ment, involving millions of dollars. TheCourtof
Claims is certainly a more appropriate tribunal;
and the purpose is to refer tlie whole subject to
that tribunal.
