2108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
O'Neill, Pendleton,Ferry, Pomeroy, Kadford, Samuel J.
Randall, William 11. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Jnmes
S. Rollins, Ros?«,Seofteldj Scott. Smith, Sinithers, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,Stronse, Stuart, Thayer,
Ward, Webster, Wlraley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, IViNon, Windom, and Yeaman—76.
So the preamble was rejected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. GOOCH stated that lie had paired with Mr.
Sweat.
Mr. ELDRIDGE stated that Mr. Fernando
Wood had paired with Mr. Cobb.
Mr. MclNDOE stated that Mr. Cobb had been
called home in consequence of sickness in his
family.,
Mr. ODELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Kalbfleisch, had been callcd home on account
of a death in his family.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Stebbins, was still detained from
the House in consequenec of sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The bill was then toad a third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by winch the preamble was rejected; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The Jatter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 7«'j, nays 59; as follows:
Y!<!AS—-Messrs, Alley, Allison, Amos, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John D. iJnldwin, Jluxtor, Iieiiumn, Blow, Hout-
vvell, Droonmll, Cole, t;reswell, Ijenry Winter Davis,
Dawes, Dumiutr, l)l\«m, Donnelly, Dn^s, Klmi, Fain^-
woitti, Femon, Frank, Ilijrhv, Hooper, liuiehkiHs, A^ahel
W. Huhhaul, John II. Ilubhaid, Hulhmd, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. K<ilog<r, Oilnndo KWingg, Liuiejohn, Loan,
fameyear, Maivin, Mellride, Medina, Melndoe, Samuel
F. Miller, Mooihend, Morrill, Daniel Moiris, Amo* Myer^,
Leonaid Myere, Noitou, Charity O'Neill, Oith, i'atteihon,
JVrham, l'ilsi>, i'onieiny, Piiee, Alexander 1L ttiec, John
II. liiee, Kdwaid II. Uolluw, Sehenek, Heofiehl, Shan
eon, Sloan, Smitheis, Spalding, Thayer, CJjhoii, William
II. \V«i>hl)Ufti, WiMmiii.n, Wildei, Wilson, Wmdoin, and I
Wooifln,i(ii.re--'3;}
NAYS--,Verbis. William J. Allen, Anemia, AugiHiiH
C". liuhhviu, Blah, Hnmlo, James S. Hiown, William (>.
iho\vii, Chanlci, CUv, Gov, Dawnm, DeniMm, Kdeu,
Kldi'idge, Finek, Gannon, Uilder, Male, Hall, llatdiny,
J'enjaiuin (J. il.nrl«,Charles M. IJjiri*<, Ileiriek, llolman,
l'hilip John^m, William John-on, Ketimu, Kuapp, Law,
iiazear, Le Blond, liOn«, Maiey, McAllister, Mnhlleton,
Morrison, Noble, Udell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry,
JJadioid, Samuel J. Randall, William If. Randall, James
S. Rolhtw, Uo*!.,Seott, Smith, John 1!. Steele, Wtlltiun (J.
Steele, Snles, Slioiise. Siuait, Waul, Webster, Whalev,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, ami Yeamau~59.
So the bill was passed.
During lite call of (he roll Mr. Stkkle, (if New
Jersey, stated that his colleague, Mr. Uogkiis,
Was detained from the I louse by sickness.
Mi. HOLM AN slated thai Ins colleague, Mr,
]J AiminroroN, was absent fioni the House with
leave.
Also, that his colleague, Mr. Kiujeuton, was
defamed from llie House by siekness.
Mr. ST1LKS slated thai his colleague, Mr.
Mni.r.i;, was paired with Mr. Tracy. *
Mr. GBINNELL desind to explain his vote.
Mr. PI K Ji objected.
Mi. GRINNfrLL. Then I vote "ay''under
[iiou £<t.
Mr. J.1UIJIJARD, of Iowa. And J vote "ay"
tinder a veiy strong protest.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppoeo I ou:;ht to say
that 1 refuse to \oie under pioteist. [Laughter.]
Mr. PIKlCsinted lhal Mr. IIi.aiki: was detained
from the Ilouso by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded. '
Mr. DA VIS, of Maryland, moved to leeonsuler
the vole by which the bill was 'passed; ami also
moved to lay the moiion to reconsider ou the table.
The lattei motion Wiifj agreed to.
1 ho House then took a ler.ess until seven
o'clock, p m
KVI:MNC session.
I iie House, at seven o'clock, p. m., resumed
its session.
On motion of Mr. JULIAN ihe £U-use took a
funher rcc<ss for Jllteen minutes.
On r< as.vnibhng,
The SPEAKER elated the question to be the
consideration of House bill No. 276, to secure to
persons in the military or naval service of the
United States homesteads on confiscated or for-
feited estates in insurrectionary districts.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave of absence for
my colleague, Mr. Tiiayer, for one week from
to-day.
The SPEAKER. Business is not in order.
Mr. JULIAN, Mr. Speaker, on the 18th of
last March i addressed the House at considera-
ble length on the principles and policy of this
bill, and 1 shall not, therefore, occupy the iiour
to which I am entitled either in repeating what I
then said or in presenting any new facts or argu-
ments. What 1 wish is that the aigument may be
taken up by other gentlemen, and earned on to
such reasonable length as may enable the House
to understand the merits of the bill, and to reach
a just conclusion.
1 only wish to say now that the bill is unques-
tionably an important one. The fortunes of this
war must inevitably sweep away the title to the
great body of the land in the insurrectionary dis-
tricts. Every day and every hour this rebellion
is becoming more and more "a remorseless rev-
olutionary conflict." There is not the slightest
probability that either party to this contest will
voluntary take a single step backward, under
tiny conceivable state of facts. The lccent mas-
sacre at Fort Pillow eleaily foreshadows the pol-
icy the rebels are to pursue in future, and thus
necessitates a policy on our part which shall no
longer deal with the rebels as brethren, but as
devils. Not only their personal goods and their
lives, but the fee simple of their lands must be
taken from them. Under existing laws of Con-
gress on the subject of taxation arid revenue, mil-
lions of acres are passing from the rebels and
falling under our control. The question presented
by tins bill is whether these lands shall be sold to
speculators and become the foundation of a stu-
pendous system of serfdom over the poor, white
and black, or be parceled out in small homesteads
as the rewaid of the valor of our soldiers and the
guarantee of new and regeneiated Commonwealths
resting upon the basis of free labor and the equal
rights o 1 the people. That is the question, and I
regard it as a grand one. 1 hope it will not be
overlooked in the din and confusion of the inter-
ests and strifes on this floor. 1 bespeak for it the
earnest and early consideration of members of
this House, because I fear its magnitude is seen
but dimly, or notpeiccived at all, by many who
should give it their zealous support. But 1 yield
the iloor to my friend from New York.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I ask the attention of the House to a few remarks
on the bill just reported by the Committee on Pub-
lic. Lands. In my opinion there has been no more
important measure offered for our consideration
and none bettei calculated to seeuie an early, sat-
isfactory, and permanent peace.
For three years we have been engaged in a life
and death struggle for the national existence with
the slaveholding aristocracy of the South. Any
measure that piesenisany claims that it can short-
en that isluiggleomon lessen ns fearfulcost with-
out hMcnlicmg the national integiity or honor,and
without compromising (lie loyal friends of the
Government m the rebellious States, must com-
mand attention.
J concede at once that the military power of the
eonfrderates must first of all be broken by our
heroic aimies under the direction of the Execu-
tive of the nation. But does the defeat or even the
annihilation of the military forces of the rebels
settle the whole question and secute peace? Who
will say that if eveiy lebel army should be broken
and scattered within a month that the Government
could aliow us bia\e defenders to return home to
the joy.-} and honois that await them? Jf Davis
and Le^, Johnson and Heauregaid, and the other
lebel commanders weio drnon to Mexico or into
the Gulf could we straightway d island our Army ?
Would ojtr heroic ft lends in Tennessee be secure
in their mountain homes? In the States Anther
South, wheic our filends are much fewer, could
they confidently look to their rebel neighbors for
security to life and property? And how with the
two hundird thousand black men who aie laboi-
mg and fighting m our aimies and whose wives
and children we have (Iceland fiee by law? Can
we tru&t their fieedom to the justice and tendet
meicy of the slaveholders who have robbed then
race for generations, and that, too, on principle,
impiously proclaiming that God had created them
for such base uses ?
These interrogatories indicate some of the dif-
ficulties that surround this question of pacifica-
tion*, and, sir, I submit that they demand states-
manship as well as generalship. We cannot
afford to delay legislative action and truot to mil-
itary occupation. Military occupation has all
the expense of actual war without its glory. We
will have no subjugated Poland or Venice as our
opponents have predicted, but to avoid this con-
dition, and in order to avoid it, we must make the
institutions of the reorganized States homoge-
neous with those of the free North and break the
political and social power of the slaveholding
leaders, so that they can no longer endanger the
peace of the nation or the lives of the nation's true
fiiendsin their midst. If we cannothave indem-
nity for the past—and,alas! we cannot have—we
should at least demand secui ity for the future.
And 1 believe, sir, that there can be no security
for a speedy teimmation 6f this war and for a
lasting and honorable peace other than m these
two measures: first, the entire abolishment of
chattel slavery by an amendment of thujlConsti-
tution as provided in that instrument, and second,
the division and distribution of the gigantic es-
tates of the rebel leaders among the brave defend-
ers of the Republic.
But it is objected that these measures are radi-
cal. I reply I he disease is radical, and the cure
must go as deep. Mr. Stephens, the vice presi-
dent of the southern confederacy, in his speech
to the people of Georgia in support of the confed-
erate constitution, declared that—
"The new constitution lias put at rest forever all the
aijitauiimiueHtions iclaimirto our peculiar institution—Af-
rican slavery as it exists among us—the proper st.it us of the
riegio in our civilization. Thi« was the immediate cause
of the hue luptuio and present revolution."
If slavery, then, was the cause of the rebellion,
what remedy more rational than to remove the
cause? What would there be left to fight about
when the cause of the quarrel was gone ? If you
mean by radical that these measures are extreme
and beyond what public opinion will sustain, I
answer that public opinion has kept step to the
inarch of events. Those who felt no sympathy
with the popular uprising, those who stood still
and aside and let the tide of enthusiastic patriot-
ism sweep by them, know little of the popular
heart. The youth who fell asleep leaning against
a sapling and on awaking found it grown to a
mighty tree was not more surprised than must
be the sleepy politician who turns from the small
despised anti-slavery party of three years ago to
that party to-day gigantic in numbers and determ-
ined in put pose.
I grant you that the thousands and hundreds
of thousands of Democrats, Wings, and Repub-
licans who but lately united in the demand for
the overthrow of slavery, have no claim with the
early advocates to unselfish philanthropy. Anti-
slaveiy with these men is no sentiment, but a stern,
practical, selfish fact. They have seen the sla\e
power which they have defended as having rights
under the Constitution, which they have'yielded
to and obeyed m conventions and Congresses,
laisc the foul standard of rebellion and seek to
overthrow the freest Government on earth, in or-
der to build on its ruins un empire of oppression
and blood. They have seen this monster sluvety
giown strong by devouring the children of the
black race, now dragging down thousands of their
white sons to untimely graves. Seeing and feel-
ing this, they have swoin in their heai is that sla-
very shall die. I admit it is not sentiment. It is
not philanthropy. It is a stein , practical, logical
lesolve. Slavery shall die that the nation may
live. Slaveiy must die that this carnival of blood
may cease.
This wonderful change of opinion is seen where
ever we turn our eyes. Three years ago the Pres-
identelect slipped thiough Balumore m the ni^ht
in disguise to avoid the assassins who were IyTn,r
in wait for his life. One month ago m the same
city of Baltimore the same Piesident was nom-
inated by acclamation for reelection. Less thun
a year ago a mad and reckless mob, chouied on
by Democratic leaders, werehuntnigdown women
and children in the city of New Yotk because
they were black; only a few weeks since the
sneets of the same city were filled with an enthu-
siastic populace chet'img a lament of black men
