1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
when the Administration came in, the rush has
been almost as great to get rid of some of them.
Mr, GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire whether any of these clerks are likely to
be assigned to these poor consuls who resign?
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I am not prepared to say
where they are to be assigned; but in many in-
stances I know that such has been the case in re-
gard to resignations.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me to
ask if he does not think it would be more credit-
able to raise at once the salaries of our consuls,
who are so poorly paid that they cannot subsist,
than to put it in trie hands of the Secretary of
State to determine for us to what particular con-
suls these clerks shall be assigned?
Mr.TENEYCK. Mr. President, if the Senator
from Iowa had kept his patience for one moment
—I do not complain of his question—he would
have had my answer to the question he proposed
to me without the query being put. I was about
to put a question myself to the Senator. Under
this state of facts what is to be done? That is
the practical question. Are we to increase the
salaries of all these consuls and enable them to em-
ploy clerks and to meet these expenses, or are we
to suffer the salaries to remain as they are, and by
the appointment of these consular pupils, who
are to act in the capacity of clerks, enable them
to remain in their positions, and secure to us more
efficient service for the benefit of the Government
at large in those positions? It appeared to the
committee that the latter was the better course,
and the mostjudicious and advisable; that it would
be better to appoint twenty or twenty-five consu-
lar clerks or pupils, to be educated to the perform-
ance and discharge of those particular duties, rhan
to increase the salaries of the consuls themselves,
who are political appointees for but a short period
of time, and who, when they reach their positions,
instead of educating have to be educated them-
selves in the performance of their duties.
That is the way in which 1 understand the
question. I cannot add a word to what was so
well said by the Senator from Massachusetts yes-
terday and by the Senator from Maine to-day on
the subject of havingan educated trained body of
men for the performance of this duty as well as
for the performance of any other duty. It seems
to me the anecdote of the Senator from Vermont
would strike at any system based upon the same
reasoning that this amendment is based upon.
The argument is, that because persons desire to
be bound to the king, and all cannot be made
efficient if they should be bound to the king,
therefore no person whatever is to be educated
for the performance of a particular branch ofduty
so important to the Government as this is!
We think this plan of having consuhir pupils
is u better one. We think that these men, in the
absence of the consul, and on the arrival of a new
consul, being educated and qualified for the per-
formance of their duty, will be of more importance
than an increase of the salary of these consuls,
tobechanged, perhaps, by every Administration,
and not qualified for the discharge of their duties.
It did not appear to the committee that there
could be any objection on the score of expense.
It seems to me that the objection with respect to
the expense is not a good one in either aspect of
the case. Wc must increase the salaries of the
consuls or we must furnish them with clerks.
We cannot otherwise get along with this branch
of the public service. Owing to existing rules
and regulations, as has been well said, the con-
sular system is a paying institution. There has
been within the last year returned from fees col-
lected abroad by these consuls perhaps enough,
or nearly enough, to pay the expense of their sal-
aries; so that it does not matter in that point of
view whether we increase the salary of the con-
sul himself and let him hire his clerks, to pick up
raw hands and take them with him when he sails,
or gather them abroad, or whether we pay the
salaries of twenty-five consularpupils. Itseemed
' to the committee that the money thus required to
be paid in addition would be better appropriated,
and would be more to the interest of the Govern-
ment, in the employment of consular pupils than
by its being thrown into the hands of the consuls
themselves to be appropriated in any way they
see fit. We thought that the State Department
could select propet and suitable persons to be ap-
pointed to these places, who, by reason of their
duties and the unlikelihood of their being subject
to political changes, would render better service
to the country thanwould be obtained under any
other system.
Having said this, and having taken just so much
time as I thought necessary to submit the prac-
tical view of the case, involving dollars and cents
as well as the faithful discharge of duty, I sub-
mit the matter to the consideration'of the Senate,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have received a com-
munication, addressed to me as chairman of the
Committee on Finance, from the Secretary of State
on this subject, and, with the leave of the Senate,
I will send it to the desk to be read by the Sec-
retary.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department or State,
Washington, March 16, 1864.
Sir: Referring to my communication addressed to you
on the 7th of January last, and in view of the amendment
which lias been offered by you,at.thcinstanceof the Com-
mittee oh Finance, to restore the provisions of law which
formerly authorized, as an important part of the consular
svMem, the appointment of consularpupils, I beg leave to
invite your attention to the consular convention between
the United States and Fraace, and also to the regulations
for the government of consular pupils prescribed by the
President of the United States, at the recommendation of
Mr. Secretary Marcy, under the authority conferred by the
twenty-second section of the diplomatic and consular act
of August 18, 1856.
In the consular convention above mentioned, which was
negotiated by Mr. Everett, one oi the most distinguished
of my predecessors, whose experience in the diplomatic
service of the United States had made him well acquainted
with thewantsof the consularserviee, the term "consular
pupils" (les cleves consuls) first occurs in our diplomatic
history. Itwas provided by theeonvention thattk consular
pupils shall enjoy the same personal privileges and im-
munities as consuls general, consuls, vice consuls, or con-
sular agents.
 * In ca^>e of death, indisposition, or absence of the latter,
the chancellors, secretaries, and consular pupils attached
to their offices, shall be entitled to discharge ad interim
the duties ot their respective posts; and shall enjoy while
thus acting the prerogatives giaritcd to the incumbents.
"The respective consuls general, consuls, vice consuls,
or consular agents, as well as tln'ir consular pupils, chan-
cellors, and secietaries, shall enjoy in the two countries all
the other piivileges, exemptions, and immunities which
may at any future time he giauted to the agents of the same
lank of the most favoied nation."
Tins convention has been declared, by a competent Eng-
iish writei, to he " the most complete consular convention
ever concluded," * * * * "and likely to be
taken as a precedent for futuie treaties on the same sub-
ject."
You will observe that in the regulations for the govern-
ment of consular pupils, who must be citizens of the Uni-
ted States, prescribed after the negotiation of the convention
with France, and the parage of the law above mentioned,
provision is made for the examination of candidates prior
to appointment by a board to consist of three examiners,
oncofthemtobethc Assistant Secretary of State; the mode
of examination, the subjects on which the pupils are to be
examined, also the clerical and other duties of such pupils,
are carefully indicated. They aie expected to " prepare or
copy such portions of the consular correspondence with the
pepaitment, and such official returns and reports as the
pi ineipul consular othcer may direct, so as to enable the De-
paitment to judge ot their ability, and also their improve-
ment in consular duties, and their fitness lor promotion in
the consular seivice."
Uuaiteily criminations of the pupils, especially in the
Turki->h and Chinese language*:, are required, and leprnts
are to be made by the consular officer to whom these pu-
pils are subject, ot the results of such examinations. The
last section of the chapter of the regulation.-; upon this sub-
ject is so compiehensive that 1 quote it entire:
"Diligence in the discharge ot their consular duties, obe-
dience to the instructions of the consular officer to whose
consulate they are assigned, a courteous bearing toward
alt persons having business with the consulate, uprightness
of conduct m all respects, will be expected from consular
pupils. Disobedience, neglcet of duty, the abuse ol their
credit in pecuniary transactions, or exceptionable moral
conduct, will be ioliowed by the revocation of their commis-
sions. Consular pupils possessing the requisite qualifica-
tions, and exhibiting an aptitude for the consular service,
who have been faithful in the performance of theirconsular
duties, will fiom time to time be recommended to the Presi-
dent foi piomotion."
Other nation*, especially Great Britain and France, have
found in the extension of their commercial intercourse, the
advantage of training up such aclass of public officeis. At
the present time G^-at Biitam has in China alone seven-
teen student intei preters, officers corresponding^ with our
title of consular pupils, fifteen assistants, and lour inter-
preter* ; m Siaui two student interpreters,' two assistants,
and one interpreter; in Japan six student. interpreter, six
assistants, and five interpreters. From time to tirqe pro-
motions are made from the class of student interpreters into
that of assistants, and afterwards of interpreters. Thus,
Mr. Pedder, who is at the head of the li&t, was appointed
student interpreter at Canton, February >7, 1848, assist-
ant July 1, lcol, interpreter March 12,1865, and ho is now
acting consul at Amoy.
It i* believed that if the authority be given to appoint
consular pupils it will eventually l *ad to the discontinuance
of the puictice which has heictotore prevailed, although
discountenanced by the Department, of employing foreign
clerks, who can be obtainedatlowrates of compensation,
to assist m the discharge of consular duties. The abuses
growing out of this course led one of my predecessors,
Governor Marcy, to issue a regulation that "whereit is
practicable, no other than citizens of the United States
are to be intrusted with the performance of any consular
act, and Consular clerks only employed who owe allegiance
to this Government; the records of the United States com-
mitted to the charge of consuls are to be kept from the pe-
rusal of all aliens."
" In my opinion," said Mr. Hawthorne, the late consul
at .Liverpool, " the whole staff of clerks should be appoint-
ed, not by the consul, but by the State Department, of which
they should be the servants, and not removable by the,con-
sul except on grounds approved by the Secretary otf State*
With clerks of my own selection, I would engage to com-
mit defalcations to the extent of at least one half of the re-
ceipts of the office, without the possibility of proof against
me. No man ought to be exposed to so great a temptation
as this. Many men will certainly yield to it; ana those
who do not yield will find it difficult to make their integrity
manifest. I may remark also that the consular business
requires special instruction and familiarity with it."
As an illustration of the truth of this statement, I beg
leave to refer to the printed report of the Fifth Auditor,
dated November 29,1861, in which he stated thatthe imme-
diate successor to M r. Hawthorne in the consulate at Liver-
pool " became a large defaulter to the Government, spent all
the tunds he could reach, neglected the payment of claims
for food, clothing, and medical attendance of our sick and
destitute seamen, and by a course of plunder and profligacy
unequaled in bur consular history contracted public and
private debts which probably exceeded two hundred thou-
sand dollais." Such a course of proceeding could not have
been conducted for years had the office been provided with
a clerk or pupil, appointed by the President and responsible
to this Department. '
By way of contrast J may state that the present consul
at the same port. Mr. Dudley, paid into the Treasury last
year (1863) $19,908 58, the amount of consular fees col-
lected by htm. During the same period there was paid by
masters of vessels into the consulate, on account of extra
wages for seamen discharged, the sum of §50,915 SSJ, of
which the sura of $1,561 81 only was paid for the relief of
seamen, and §32,270 73 paid to the seamen on whose ac-
count the same had been exacted, leaving a balance of
$18,644 49, which has been fully accounted for, belonging
to the Government.
It has been suggested that intelligent, well-educated
young men, if appointed consular pupils will not continue
long in the consular service. To this objection the reply
may be made that during the wholeperiod of their service
they are not being simply educated at the public expense,
but are rendering, in the clerical duties which they "perform,
a full equivalent for the compensation which they receive.
Even if they retire from the consular service their educa-
tion is not lost to the country, and from time to time it will
be found hereafter that they will beselected to fill import-
ant positions abroad in the diplomatic and consular ser-
vice, in consequence of their practical acquaintance with
commercial questions and their knowledge of the language
and customs of the people among whom they may be sent
to repiesent the United States.
In fact, however, the instances even now are not unfre-
quent when young men entering the diplomatic and con-
sular service have made themselves so useful as to be con-
tinued through all Administrations of Government.
The secretary of legation and dragoman of the. United
States at Constantinople went thither a mere youth, With
Commodore Porter, our first diplomatic representative at
the Porte, and has been continued there ever since.
Every consul general appointed to Havana has found it
indispensable to retain the services of Mr. Savage, as vice
consul general, at the rate of $2,000 per annum, which is
paid by the consul general from his own compensation.
Mr. Savage entered the consulate nearly twenty years ago
a mere copying clerkj and for nearly half the time during
the last ten years has efficiently and judiciously performed
the responfiblc and delicate duties of that important post.
Consul W. IT. Vesey commenced his consular service
nearly foity years ago as a copying clerk in the consulate
at Havre. Afteratermof seiviee theiebe was transfeired
to the St. Ubes, in the capacity of consul, and thence suc-
cessively to the more important consulates ol Lisbon, Ant-
werp, and Havre; and lastly to Aix-ia-Chapelle* the most
important consulate in Prussia. #
These instances, and others which might be mentioned,
which are exceptional under the present defective system,
will, it is believed, become the rule when it is seen that
the consular service really offers a career in which the com-
pensation, though moderate, is certain, and the position re-
spectable and useful. .
In my formei communication I adverted to the increase
of labor and expense which is now required from consuls
through the system of triplicate invoices. Notwithstand-
ing this, however, 1 have carefully abstained fiotn recom-
mending any increase of the consular compensation, judg-
in" it proper, in the present exigencies ot the Treasury,
that provision should be limited to such incidental relief as
miL'ht he given by the appointment of consular pupils or
cloiks at those consulates where the labor has been made
the cieatest. . . .
The chief value of the system of triplicate invoices,!)/
which more than one hundred thousand dollars will be di-
icctly paid into the Treasury of the United States from the
increase of consular fees from this source alone, aside trom
the protection which it gives to the revenue in preventing
undervaluation, depends, as stated by the Secretary oi the
Treasury, " upon the integrity ol the consular seal and cer-
tificate, which should be put beyond all possible question,
or thepiovtsions of the act of 3d ot March, loGo, may ue
dl"Thecmployment in the consulates as chief clerics ofed-
ucated young men, holding allegiance to the United States,
in preference to aliens, will go very far toward tile aecom-
nlhhment of the objects contemplated by the act.
I have the honor to be, h'sBW^BD.
Hon. William Pitt Fessenden, Chairman of the Corn■
inittee on Finance, United States Senate*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
