1864..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2109
wearing the uniform ofthe United States and bear-
ing aloft the flag of the country, and at the same
time Democratic leaders weie announcing in this
Hall that slavery was dead. Only a few days
since the gieat doctrine of popular sovereignty
was put to a vote on motion of the gentlemen from
Kentucky, [Mr. Mali.ory,] and received but
eighteen votes from the eighty Democrats on this
floor. Surely the world moves. The country's
progress cannot be measured by weeks and months,
but by events. Nations, as individuals, live in
deeds, not in years.
New occasions teach new duties. You can no
more meet the needs and requiiements of the
present by the theories and statesmanship of the
last Administration than you can thrust the full-
grown man back into the garments of the boy.
1 repeat that public opinion is fully up to the re-
quirements of the hour. It will not allow old
prejudices and old theories and old party ties to
excuse the neglect of present duty. The charge
of radicalism can no longer damn u measure meu-
torious in itself. And such I believe the one cm-
bodied in the bill now before us.
The bill directs that all the lands not included
in any city or village that may be forfeited to the
United States under the confiscation act or under
the act for the collection of taxes in insurrec-
tionary districts or under the act to raise inter-
nal revenue shall become and be hereafter treated
as a part of the public domain, and that these
lands shall be divided into lots of forty and eighty
acres and subject to entry by actual settlers under
the homestead system, preference being given to
the soldieis and sailors who have served their
country during the present war.
It will be observed that this is no penal statute.
It proposes to take no new or no mote lauds from
these great criminals. Its only purpose is to di-
rect what disposition shall he made of what may
be forfeited under acts of Congress already ex-
isting, which are the supreme law of the land
and which the President is bound by his oath to
execute. The constitutionality and propriety of
these laws is not now before us. They were
thoroughly discussed when before Congress on
their passage, and that discussion commended
them to the judgment of the law-makers and to
the approbation of the people.
The confiscation act, so much denounced and
so misrepresented, has but these three provis-
ions, only the last two having any important
bearing upon the question before us:
1. It liberates the slaves of masters actually
engaged m lebelhon against the Government. I
name this provision of that act, although it has
hut little relation to the bill before us, in order that
the country may see all the features of what has
been repiesented  ts such a horrid monster. The
country called upon these slaves to cease laboring
for their masteis and to come into our lines ami
fight for our cause. Did gentlemen wish, could
they ask men to fight our battles with shackles
about their limbs?
2. It seizes the property of the absconding rebel
on the same principle that our Army takes his
horses or his negroes, because they give aid and
comfortand support to the enemy. Taking these
transfeis just so much stiength fiom their side to
onis; it weakens them and strengthens us, and
this.is a right conceded to belligerents by all the
wiitois on the laws of war.
3. it takes the lands of the tried and convicted
traitor in payment of the fine which the law im-
poses win- re the persona! pi operty will not satisfy
it. And here let me say that 1 have heard none
of the attorneys for the defendants question the
constitutionality or legality of a fine reaching the
teal estate of the cnmmal.
In these three piovisions lies the whole force
of the much-abused and misunderstood confisca-
tion act.
1 have heard no question raised as to the con-
stitutionality of the tax and revenue laws that lie
hack ofthe bill before us. 1 believe it is conceded
even by gentlemen on the other side of the House
that the lands of rebels may be sold for the non-
payment of taxes as well as those of loyal men.
Large quantities of land are now being sold under
the tax and revenue laws, and still latger quanti-
ties will soon be sold under the confiscation act;
for the amnesty proclamation, while it extends
full pardon to the misled, deluded masses, wisely
leaves the responsible plotters and leaders of the
rebellion to the just penalty of their ciimes.
These lands aie being sold and will continue to
be sold, unless this bill is passed, in large tracts,
for an insignificant price, to speculators foreign
to the State, who will hold them, not for improve-
ment, but for a rise in the market. Thus will
spring up a system of non-resident absentee own-
ership—the worst form of land monopoly that
ever cursed and blighted a State, instead of this,
and to avoid it, this bill makes these lands a part
of the public domain and offers them to actual set-
tlers under the homestead system, giving prefer-
ence to the defenders of the country.
All the arguments that have commended the
homestead policy to the judgment of statesmen
gather around and support tins measure. Do
you desire in our great trial to widenand strength-
en the basis of national credit? Be assured it
docs notconsistm a huge expanse of unproduct-
ive, unemployed territory held in price above the
leach of the honest, industrious poor, but rather
m that territory cultivated by happy free labor,
teeming with its annual golden hai vests, all its
resources developed by the enterprise that own-
eisinp gives, pouring the united stream of its
wealth from its mines and its fields into all the
channels of trade. Inert, unproductive landed
capital, however large, must soon be exhausted
by great expenditures, but if yielding an annual
and ever-increasing income growing like charity
the more it gives, it becomes an inexhaustible
fountain of wealth that can supply all the wants
of your Treasury and all the needs of commerce.
It must be remembeied that all the propeity of
every citizen is pledged to the payment of the
debtsof the Government. Every property-holder
in the countiy is an indorser of the national
notes. The additional value that labor gives to
land by improving and developing its resources
forms a part of the national wealth and is just as
available for the payment of the nation's debts
as was ever any part of the public domain. The
Government is the people's agent for high pur-
noses and the people are i esponsible for its debts.
The right of the Government to tax its citizens
for its support is unquestioned and is only lim-
ited by its necessities. Can any one then believe
that an uninhabited wilderness territory is better
security for public ciedit than a State nilcd with
thousands of busy laborers gathering up millions
of annual products and pouring them into the
lap of the nation ? No, sir; the policy of hoard-
ing our public lands or of allowing citizens to
monopolize them seems to my judgment short-
sighted and vicious, i would lather give them
freely to actual settlers who will improve them,
believing that while they work for themselves
they also work for and enrich the country.
The present situation of the rebellious States
presents considerations and arguments that urge
the immediate passage of this bill. It could not
fail to be a strong weapon in the hands of the Gov-
ernment in this contest. It would strengthen its
leal friends and weaken its determined, implaca-
ble enemies. The enemies of the nation possess
wealth, education, gigantic estates, and the pres-
tige of long yeais of domination. Our fuonds
even among the whites are for the most part poor,
landless, and unaccustomed to independent polit-
ical action; while the negroes, pooi and ignorant,
are still mentally weak and paralyzed by the ef-
fects of servitude. Docs any man propose to
leave our friends in this condition to the protec-
tion oft heir and our enemies? It would be a breach
of plighted faith too horrible and too mean to be
thought of—I trust too base to be feaied. Cer-
tainly neither the President nor his pai ty will ever
allow any ft lends of the Government, however
humble, to bo placed again under the heel of the
oppressor. The President has nobly paid that
" the promise once made must be kept,*'and the
countiy has indoised the pledge. Nor will the
manhood of the nation ever tolerate a leader or a
party that shall propose to violate it. It would
be a disgrace that would crimson the face ofevery
American—" a damned spot" on our national es-
cutcheon that all .ocean's wateis could never wash
out.
1 am aware, Mr. Speaker, that in the central
mountain region of the South the situation of our
friends doesnotfai! under the geneial description
that i have given. In that section there are fewer
of these great landed estates. There, too, the
small farmers, the yeomanry of the country, were
true to the national cause. They were non-slave-
holders, therefore they were loyal. They were
small landholders, therefore they were independ-
ent of the rebel leaders. /This bill will e.xtend
the same system to other parts of the South, and
with like effects. We have no right to expect
that the poor Union men can make a successful
struggle with their former masters and leaders for
their safety and ours unless we give them a home-
stead to stand upon. What the loyal men of the
South need is self-reliance, education, andareii^*
forcemcnt of their numbers. This bill wffl ail
them in all these respects.
In the North, where capital is dependent up'oft.
labor and labor is honored and respected, the la-
borer is master of the situation, and is the peer
and equal of the employer. In the organization
of southern society there was no place for the
poor white man. The slaveholder monopolized
the soil and the slaves performed the labor. *The
poor white was a mere hanger-on—a miserable^
despised tool ofthe slave-master. Now, sir,we
cannot makethese men self-reliant and independ-
ent of their former leaders until we give thema
spot of land on which they can plant their feet
and call their own.
Again, there can be no such thing as a general
education of the people as long as these great es-
tates exist. Any common schoofsystem under
these circumstances is an impossibility. This
fact alone shows the incompatibility of this sys-
tem of land monopoly with the well-being and
safety ofrepublican institutions, and should doom
it to immediate annihilation. But the case is still
stronger when we reflect that the poor whites and
the liberated blacks who are the friends of the
Government must, without education, be forever
at the mercy of the rebel slaveholding land mo-
nopolists, who are its deadly enemies. Pass this
bill, and the roadside school-house and the church
will spring up in the midst of a population never-
more to be dependent upon the plantation man-
sion for knowledge and opinions.
But, perhaps more important than all, this bill
will reinforce the loyal men of the South, and
strengthen them for the present and future con-
tests. Who can doubtif the two or three hundred
thousand honorably discharged soldiers now in
the North were settled on the forfeited estates in
Tennessee, Arkansas, Virginia, and wherever
our armies occupy rebellious territory, that they
would be a most powerful aid to our cause? They
would at once suppress all guerrilla operations,
relieve the laige force now guarding the long lines
of communication, become a militia organization
with the discipline of veterans, and in effect form
a reserve corps to our Army. Such a population,
brave, disciplined, and loyal, would stand as a
breakwater, against which any returning tide of
rebellion mightdash itself in'vain. Establish tins
system,and you make each advance a permanent
conquest, and thus fix the inconstancy of fortune.
This bill cannot be passed too soon. Delay will
only enhance its importance.
After the last rebel army shall have been scat-
tered the provisions of this bill will still be a
necessity. In fact, until it is passed I doubt if
we can for a long time have any peace that is not
maintained by the sword, civil institutions sup-
ported by a standing army, a state of affairs al-
ways dangerous and not long to be tolerated.
Rut at once reward our returning heioes with
generous farms from the forfeited estates of rebels,
and the way is clear. We can then reduce our
Army without weakening our power. The sol-
diers, become citizens, will unite with the loyal
men ofthe South whom they have rescued from
traitors and tyrants, in buildingup free and pros-
perous States notsuppoited by bayonets, but up-
held by a loyal population willing and able to de-
fend them. Thus will be laid the foundation of
a healthy political Union, exempt from the seeds
of disease and dissolution.
The madness of the iebels has given us the op-
poitunity to secure these great icsults ^without
violating a single letter of our Constitution or a
single principle of law or justice. To now neg-
lect the necessary legislation would be one of
those political blunders that are said to be worse
than ciimes. Let us not throw away the golden
moment to save our country by planting it on the
eternal principles of freedom, and thus link our
names to the grandest event of .the century.
Mr. Speaker, I trust no one will object to this
