1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8083
postponed ton day designated next session, I shall
not be found forcing myself against a reluctant
House. I will therefore yield the floor m order
that the sense of the House may be token on the
motion of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. PIKE. Without making any observations
on tins matter, as the House understands the po-
sition of it very fully, 1 move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
the second Monday in December next; and on
that motion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. O'NEILL, ofPennsylvania, demanded the
yeas and nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were notordeied.
The motion to postpone was agreed to—aves
70, noes 36.
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gontleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Br-andeoeeJ has no faith in his
bantling, or he would not have assented to the post-
ponement of a subject so important to the interests
of the country. I now demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider and lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
PAY OF PAGES.
Mr. DAWSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Rcbuhnl, That boys who have served on thin floor as
past"? duriti" Hip pnsenr session or any part of it, and who
have received £1 50 per day, shall be allowed and paid fifty
cents per day additional loi the time &o employed.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofPennsylvania. I suggest
to my colleague that he amend his resolution so
as to include the messengers employed about this
House. There, are men here who receive only
the old pay ot $1 50 a day, and they cannot five
in Washington city upon that.
Mr. DAWSON. The object of my resolution
is only to equalize the pay of those boys.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House do now
adjourn.
NAVAL STATION ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana to yield to me that I may
oflW a resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, asked unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on Naval
A flairs a resolution authorizing and empowering
the Societary of the Navy to appoint a commis-
sion consisting of one naval officer, one officer of
the engineer corps, and one civilian to select the
lvxust apptoved sue for a navy-yard or naval sta-
tion on the Mississippi river or one of its tribu-
taues; and also empoweiing him, with the ap-
proval of the President, to accept or purchase the
site so selected on such tei ins as he shall deem most
conducive to the public mteiest.
Mr. TIIAYER objected to the introduction of
the resolution.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The resolution
is a lepctt iiom the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and the best interests of the country demand its
adopt'on.
Mr. L. MYERS: Withthe permission of my
fiiend from Massachusetts [Mr. Rice] Idcsire to
know whether a navy yard tor iron-clads—which
I hope may located at League island—is not
of far greater consequence than the one he now
presses so warmly, h is very strange that time
can be found to act on the une bill, and the urgent
demands of the service as expressed by the Sec-
reraiv the Navy and known to the whole,
couiin y be neglected.*
TIk o^-ctiun uvs not withdrawn.
The question was taken on the motion to i.
adjourn; .Did u was not agreed to.
Is* AYif-YAIVD FOR IKON-CLASS.
The question rernrred on the motion to lay on
the table the motion to leconsider the vote by
which the bill in regard to a navy-yard for iron-
clads was postponed; on which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimative—yeas 70, nays, 44, not voting 68;
as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen. Ames,
Ashley, Angustuft U. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin. Baxter,
Btisc, BnutvvelJ, Boyd, Biamiegee, Ambrose W. Clark,
Dawef, Doming, Dixon, EckJev, Eden,£dgeiton,Eldndge,
Eliot, Finck,(ianson, Good), Hardin?, Charles M. Iiarrl«,
Ilolmon, Iloopcr, John II. Hubbard", JJulburci, IngcrsoJl,
Orlando Keilogg, Kernon, Knapp, Knox, Law, Le Blond,
Long, Longyear, Mallory, McDowell, McKinney, Samuel,
F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Moms, James It. Morris, Nelson,
Noble, Odell, Ortb, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, Pruyn, Alexander H. ltice,JohnH. Rice, Robinson,
Edward H. Rollins, Ross, Scott, John B. Steele, Upson,
Elihu B.Washlmme,WilliamB.Washburn,WhaJey,Whee-
ler, Joseph W. White, Wilder, and Wilson—70.
KAYS — Messrs. Aneona, Baily, Cobb, Coffrotli. Cole,
Ciavens, Uieswcll, Dawson, Dnggs, Frank, Hale, flmhy,
Ilotcliks^s, A ahel W. Hubbard. Philip Johnson, Julian,
Krlloy, Loan, Marcv, M<-Br,do.McCliut?. Middhhm, Wil-
liam H. Millei. Moorhead, M orr" on, AmosMyor^, Leonatd
Mvcr>. ClM!l"s O'Neill, tYiry, Samuel J- K.tmlull, J.uurs
Kolltii.-, ricofi"ld, Shannon, Simthcr<, Steven-, Shies,
fc$tiou- e, Stuart, Thayer, Thomas, Tiacy< Williams. Wm-
dom, and Winfield—44.
NOT VOTING—Mesj-is, Alley, Alihon. Anderson, Ar-
nold, Cenmnn, Blaine,Blair, Blow, Brooks, Brooniall ,Jnmes
S. Biowir, William G. Brown, Clwuiler, Fieeman Clarke,
Clay, Cox, llenry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Denl-
son, Donnelly, Dumont, English, Farnsworth, Fenton, Gar-
field, Guder. Gnnnell, Griswold, Hall,Harrington, Benja-
min G. Hams, Uernck, Hutchins, Jenekes, William John-
son,Kalbflei&ch, KasMm,FiancisW. Kellogg, Kmii, Lazear,
Litflejohn, Marvin, MeAI!/>ter, Mclndoe, Norton, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Radford, William It. Randall, Roger*,
firhenck. Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stan, Siebbins, William
G. Steele, Sweat, Van Vdlkottburgh,VoorlK'c3,Wadsworth,
Ward, Webster, Chilton A. White, Benjamin Wood, Fer-
nando Wood, Woodbudge, and Yeamau—G8.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, staled that
his colleague, Mr. Norton, was obliged to leave
the House through indisposition.
Mr. BOYD stated that Mr. Anderson was ab-
sent on account of sickness.
NAVAL STATION ON WESTERN WATERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
appoint a commission to select a site for a navy-
yard or naval station on the western waters;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved the pre-
vious question on its engrossmeutand third read-
ing.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to postpone that joint resolution till the second
Tuesday in Decemln r.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not m order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i ask the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts to yield for an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I .yield for that
purpose.
Mr, Wx\SHBURNE, of Illinois, offered a sub-
stitute authorizing the Piesidcnt of the United
States to accept from the corporate authorities of
the city of Cairo, in the State of Illinois,or from
any other person or corporation a site fora navy-
yard or depot at or near the city of Cairo, if m
his opinion the good of the public service requires
it, and to erect such buildings and make such im-
provements thereon as may he necessary for the
construction, repair, accommodation, and sup-
plies of vessels-of-war of the United States; also
authouzing the President to purchase any water
rights thai may be required to propel the machin-
ery and to construct the dockage for such navy-
vard,and toieceive any donation of lands, water
rights, or nghta of way which the auihoiuies of
the city of Cairo, or any other body-politic, or
any person or persons may think proper to grant
to the United States for such purposes.
Mr. HOLMAN. What will be the effect of
an adjournment upon this proposition?
The SPEAKER. It will go over as unfinished
business, to come up whenever business of that
class is in order; when that will be the Chair can-
not say.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw that resolution to enable me
to report a resolution to which there will be no
objection.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair-will state that if
the motion to adjourn is withdrawn the business
before the House will be resumed."
Mr. THAYER. I understood the Chair to de-
cide that the vote of the House dispensing with
the order for a recess would adjourn the House
at half past four.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
only dispensed with the recess for this evening,
leaving it to the House to say when it shall ad-
journ.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 ask the
Chair to state more distinctly what will be the
condition of this business if the House now ad-
journ. Do I understand that it will come up
as unfinished business on Monday?
The SPEAKER. It will not. Monday is as-
signed for the consideration of the miscellaneous
appropriation bills as a special order. The whole
of the morning session on Tuesday is assigned to
the business of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and the whole of the evening session to the Pa-
cific railroad. It may come up on Wednesday,
unless some report of a committee of conference
or some other question of higher privilege should
arise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But unless
some question of that sort should arise it wiR
come up naturally as the first business in order
on Wednesday morning?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I sup-
pose the House may as well adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes) the House ad-
journed till Monday next at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 90, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES*, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of Sat-
urday last was dispensed with.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr, GRIMES. I move that to-morrow at half
past four, o'clock the Senate take a recess till
seven o'clock, and meet again at that hour m or-
der to transact business relating to the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting a further report of the Sec-
retary of State in answer to the resolution nf the
Senate of May 25 relative to Mexican affairs;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, transmitting a
dispatch of June 10 to the Secretary of State from
the acting consul of the United States at Havana,
in further answer to the resolution of the Senate
of May 28 relative to the delivery to the Spanish
Government of a person charged with a crime
against that Government; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War,communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the 10th of March, informa-
tion in relation to the officers of the fourth and
fifth Indian regiments; which was lefenedto the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
GEORGE F. N1SSBITT.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should lik'e to get a little
order to attend to some businessof the PostOfiice
Committee. I believe the District Committee have
had two different days for their business. It is
said " every dog should have his day," and so
there will be a good many dog days. [Laugh-
ter.] I should like tins morning to have attention
to a couple of private bills from the Post Office
Committee, which have been lying here for some
time,. I think they will not take long. I move
first to postpone all the prior orders and take up
the bill (S. No. 305) for the relief of George P.
Nesbitt.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
