2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
bill on account of the class of persons to be ben-
efited by it, but rejoice rather at an opportunity
to ptiy in part the great debt which can never be
paid in full, the debt that we owe to the soldiers
of the Republic. At the call of the country they
dropped every implement of labor, abandoned
their business, tore themselves from the endear-
ments of home, and rushed to the defense of the
nation. Notwithstanding the independent habits
of their lives, they patiently submitted to disci-
. pline, cheerfully bore all the fatigues of the camp,
the field, and the march; and, fired by love of
country and devotion to a great principle, they
hastened to " the feast of death" as to a banquet.
They have steadily driven the enemy back, and
now hold two thirds of his territory, and will
surely destroy the last vestige of the rebellion and
bring the great criminals to the feet of the Gov-
ernment. What reward do they deserve, or rather
what do they not deserve? Can we do less than
give them the richest portion of the lands which
they have conquered from our traitorous enemies,
and which have been forfeited to the Government?
Mr. Speaker, I trust we may expect support
from some, at least, of the gentlemen on the other
side of the House. Those who have professed
a willingness and even an anxiety to increase the
monthly wag es of the soldier, will also, I hope,
be ready to give him this handsome reward at the
close of his term of service. Those who have
more sympathy for rebels nnd the children of
rebels than they have for our brave soldiers and
their families, will, I expect, oppose this bill.
But there are gentlemen on that sideof the House
who claim to be the friends of the soldier. I will
not doubt their sincerity, and I therefore count
and 1 have a right to count upon their support.
The bill itself is right. The safety and peace
of the future require it. Justice to our living he-
roes demands it. The memory of the gallant dead
pleads for it. Do not leave the battle-fields of the
war to the mercy and in the possession of the in-
solent foe, but give them to the surviving heroes,
who will cherish and defend the graves of their
fallen comrades, and rear to their memory and to
their patriotism the noblest of all monuments,
free and prosperous States.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have supported this measure
because I believe it calculated to secure an early
and peinianent peace. No man is more anxious
than myself to see the lime when our gallant sol-
diers can lay down their arms with honor and
safety to the Republic. 1 desire a peace thatshall
not leave the Union torn into hostile, discordant,
insignificant fragments, poweiless for good, the
mere puppets and playthings of European diplo-
mats and tyrants, but a peace that shall see my
country a united, tree, and mighty nation; its
integrity restored, its authority, everywhere
within us limits, acknowledged, its Hag unsullied,
honored, and respected throughout the world, a
protection to our friends and a terror to our foes.
" Cod give us pouee; not Midi nx lulls to sleep,
But sworil "H tliiL'li nnd Itrow with piu pose knit,
Ami may our ship of Slate to harbor sweep,
Iler pons all lip, her battle lanterns lit.
And her leashed thunder!. g.uUeiiag for their leap."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, a few
years ago the eloquent Rufus Clioate, standing in
Faneuil Hall in the city of Boston, thrilled the car
of this nation with the startlingand ominous dec-
laration, " We are in the midst of a levolution,
bloodless as yet.'' With the eye of a calm, dis-
passionate thinker, tracing effect to cause, he saw
the coming storm; he heard the distant roar of the
dashing waves of revolution in the wild, rhapsodic
declamation of Wendell Phillips and Fred. Doug-
lass; in the bold, polished eloquence of Senator
Sumner and Secretary Chase. To-day, standing
in my place in this Hall, surrounded by the Rep-
resentatives of the people, I declare we are now in
the midst of a revolution bloody and terrible.
For three years the horrors of civil war have
overshadowed our land like a dark pall. Under
the various calls and conscriptions of the Presi-
dent from April 10, 18G1, to February 1, 16G4,
two imiVwn and forty thousand men have been
demanded to fill our armies. The angel of death
sits in horrid triumph upon battle-fields, and new-
made graies, and deserted hearth-stones, and
empty chairs, and sorrowing, weeping heaits. I
Our beautiful heritage piesentsone vast Golgotha. !
A national debt beyond human computation has !
arisen, to pay which the sinews of labor, for j
long generations to come, must be strung to their
highest tension.
Mr. Speaker, by all the solemnities of this
hour, I demand to know why are these things so ?
Every effect has its producing cause; and these
terrible calamities that have overtaken us as a na-
tion must be the result of some terrible wrong
done or derangement existing in the workings of
our social and political systems. As wise men,
does it not behoove us to stop, examine, and in-
quire?
History tells us, Mr. Speaker, it likewise told
the fathers who framed our admirable Constitu-
tion, that the "supreme power "in a Government,
under all forms, in all countries,and in all ages,had
never failed to overleap all barriers and restraints
of human contrivance, and to become oppressive.
Hence the many revolutions, the many bloody
battle-fields, that mark the line of this world's his-
tory. Many of those men who framed our Con-
stitution, including the noble Washington, were
themselves just from the gory battle-fields of our
revolutionary struggle, where for seven years
they had fought, not to wrest new privileges from
the British Crown, but, in the language of their
own immoital Declaration, because "the history
of the King of Great Britain is a history of re-
peated injuriesandusurpations." Hence, to meet
that very difficulty, to restrain that "supreme
power" of a Government, to compel it to move
within ils appropriate sphere, and to secure to
them the rights for which "Governments are
instituted among men," our fathers formed two
equal and coordinate governments, to wit, our
State and Federal, each equally supreme in its
authority and jurisdiction within its appropriate
sphere of action, and each a complete check upon
the other. And over all they ordained a Consti-
tution, not speculative or rhetorical, but moral
and practical; a thing for use and lite regulation
of affairs. They proclaimed it the " supieme law
of the land," the criterion of all subordinate legis-
lation, of all official conduct, and of the civil ob-
ligations and morality of every citizen of every
State.
Each of these two governments is operative in
the several States; but each government has its
distinct, well-defined sphere of action. The pow-
ers appertaining to these two several governments
are delegated powers. But while one of these
governments is invested with certain specified
powers, the other is just as completely and cer-
tainly divested of those same powers. Each of
these governments is supreme and paramount
within the sphere of its defined powers, and within
its appointed sphere neither can be subordinate
to the other. This doctrine of the sovereignty
and independence of the several States within
their appropriate sphere as coordinate powers in
the General Government is in perfect harmony
with the philosophy and principles upon which
our system of Government was constituted, to
wit, a division of political power, with a view to
checks and safeguards against abuse, by the mu-
tual action and icaction of the various depart-
ments upon each other.
And how beautifully nnd harmoniously our
system of government has woiked, without a
jar or a discordant note, under its different po-
litical administrations, until the sectional move-
ment of 185G was consummated in I860 by the
election of a sectional President for "a sectional
end, and in obedience to fanatical ideas! From
that hour peace has forsaken our lieritagj; and
sorrow crowds! our borders.
President Lincoln, as he journeyed to this
capital ill the spring of 18G1, declared, in one of
those remarkable speeches by the way, that " the
States occupy the same relation to the General
Government that the counties do to a State."
Scarcely had the inauguration oath dried upon
his lips until he announced to a stricken and ter-
rified people that " the States of this Union are
but the oreatuies of the Geueial Government,"
State rights, under the Constitution, for the first
time in our national history, were then denied.
The distinguished gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] a leading light auct teacher of this
new doctrine of "reconstruction," like a bold
innovator, declares in a speech delivered in
New York that "State sovereignty is national
wrong." The President's proconsul in the State
of Louisiana, General Banks, as the representative
of the Fedeial Government, in a proclamation
addressed to the loyal' people of that State, at
once gives form and fact to the theory of the
Ptesidcnt, by announcing that " the fundamental
law of the State is martial law; that so much of
the constitution and laws of Louisiana as recog-
nize, regulate, and relate to sluvery,being incon-
sistent with the presentcondition of public affairs,
are inoperative and void." The President, un-
der date of January 20,1864, in his order to Gen-
eral Steele proconsul in the State of Arkansas,
declares certain portions of the constitution of
that State null and void, and directs the Legisla-
ture, when assembled, what la'ws they shall
pass. And the proconsul of Tennessee, Andrew
Johnson, announces to the people of that prov-
ince that " the people of the United States made
the Constitution;" and from that premise argues
that whatever the people of the United States,
in their collective capacity, want at any time
must be accorded, no matter what reserved rights
or institutions of a State or States might thereby
be affected. And a leading Senator in Congress,
[Mr. Sumner,] who deserves the name and posi-
tion of Sir Oracle to this Administration, not to
be outdone m innovation, declares that "what-
soever powers are not prohibited in the Constitu-
tion, the Federal Government lias the right to ex-
ercise." And in his celebrated Atlantic Monthly
magazine article he relieves his pent-up indig-
nation by referring to " the miserable pretension
of State sovereignty," and the " pestilent preten-
sion of State rights." And the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baldwin] entitled the speech
which he delivered in this Hall, some weeks ago,
" State sovereignty and treason," as if they were
convertible terms. And now we have a procla-
mation of amnesty from the President, in which
he sets forth the doctrine of reconstruction of
States: that those States hereafter reconstructed
may or may nothold the boundaries or the name
of the States destroyed; that, by command of
the President, the whole population of certain
States are stripped of all political rights until they
are purged and restored to their political status
by the President.
By this new doctrine of our national construc-
tion the beautiful system of governmental checks
is destioyed, and the reserved " independence and
sovereignty of the States" is broken down, and
that beautiful constellation of sovereignties, each
in its orbit, that for eighty years have kept the
centiipital and centrifugal path around the Con-
stitution are thrown into anarchy and confusion,
and State now clashes against State in wild con-
fusion, and tending to utter ruin. And the Pres-
ident, by virtue of this usurped power, from the
first day he came into office, clothed himself with
all the powers of a Roman dictator, callingarouiid
him an anny of a million men, surrounding his
royal person and his mansion with a military
guard, conscripted the unwilling citizen into his
armies, suspended the writ of right, crowded the
dungeons of prisons and the casemates of forts
with unoffending citizens, banished shrieking
women from their familits and homes, issued
rescripts to his proconsuls, scattered throughout
the thirty-four provinces, or "cieatures" of his
empire. The constitutions of StaXes aie but bau-
bles with which this master plays; the lives and
liberties and rights and happiness and hopes of
the people are subjects of his jest, with which he
whiles away the tedium of the hours; the gro'ans
and cries and plaintive wails of a sorrowing,
scathed, and peeled people, the clash and shock
of battle, the roar of thundering armaments upon
seaand land, are but music to his ear, for they tell
the extent of his dominions and are the evidence
of the measure of his power.
Against such a doctrine, so pregnant of mis-
chief, before this august assembly of the Repre-
sentatives of States, in my place, 1 enter my most
solemn protest. True, sir, amid the throes and
convulsions, the lashings and surges of this ter-
rible revolution, my voice may not be heard; or,
if heard, may not be heeded by those who riot in
this carnival of blood and sorrow. Nevertheless,
Hue to the promptings of duty, I will throw my
voice of condemnation and rebuke into this great
whispering gallery of the nation, that, perchance,
as its echoes are borne away amid the hamlets of
a sorrowing people, it may fall upon the ear of
some listening Hampden, some waiting Sidney,
some suffering Tell, some panting Cumin, some
hopeful Washington.
