8086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to empower
George P. Neslntt to put an end to his contract
with the United States, entered into with the Post-
master General on the 27th of March, 1862, for fur-
nishing the Post Office Department with stamped
envelopes and newspaper wrappers, on giving to
the ^Postmaster General sixty days' notice in
writing.
The bill .was reported to the*Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
CARMACK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move now to take up the
joint resolution (H, R. No. 11) in relation to the
claim of Carmack & Ramsey.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded fo consider
the joint resolution; the question being on the
amendment reported from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, which was to strike out
all after the enacting clause and insert the follow-
ing:
That the First Comptroller of the Treasury, in auditing
and adjusting the claim of (Jannack; fit Ramsey, submit-
ted to him by anil under the sixth section of the net of Con-
gress, approved August 18,1856, entitled "An act making
appropriations (or the service ot the i'ost Office Department
during tile fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857," shall
allow only for the expenditures actually madeand incurred
•hy said Carmack & Ramsey after the making of their con-
tract with the Postmaster General, and for the purpose of
executing the same, and before the elo^e of the next se^
sion of Congress alter the making saiil eoniract, and to the
actual loss to said Carmack & Ramsey on s>aid expenditui es.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. As this is a very large
claim, a very important one, and a very old one,
that 1 examined some time ago as a member of
Congress, I should like to understand exactly
what is proposed here.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment is merely
to enable a settlement to be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. The joint resolution, as I
understand it, does not simply authorize the Comp-
troller to examine and adjust the claim according
to the principles of equity, but it directs him to
allow the amount that was expended by Carmack
& Ramsey, and assumes the legality and validity
of the contract which was disputed by officers of
the Government.
Mr. COLLAMER. The act of 1856, by which
this claim was referred to the First Comptroller,
is not repealed. He isgoingon under it,and (he
only effect of this amendment is to limit him. We
do not direct him anything ubout it; wo only say
that he shall not allow anything cxcept as we
prescribe.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read again, that I
may see whether I got the words correctly. It
seems to mo that it assumes the legality of the
contract.
The Secretary read the joint resolution as
amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very clear, I think,
that the criticism which I took is just: the words
distinctly are that the Comptroller shall allow (he
amount paid on the contract. That assumes
tlmt the contract was legal, that the Postmaster
General had a right to make it, that Carmack &
Ramsey expended money under it, and it directs
that that money shall be allowed. It seems to me
it coveis the whole ground.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was all in the act of
1856 submitted to the Fiist Comptiollcr of the
Treasury, and this provision is that the Comp-
troller in adjusting the claim submitted to him by
that act "shall allow only for the expenditures
actually made and incurred by said Carmack &
Ramsey after the making of their contract with
the Postmaster General.5' Itdoes not direct him
to allow it, but says he shall be confined to that
anyway. It is to limit him so that there shall
be no extravagant allowance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer that the resolution
should he over that I may look into it, because
the claim is a very large one, and I had occasion I
when a member of the House of Representatives 1
to examine it. I have no objection to having the ''
report of the Comptroller stating the accountpru-
cisely as Mr. Wintil..sey would have stated itun-
derthe old law; und 1 think that the action of the
Postmaster General or whoever caused the sus-
pension of that account was probably without
cause. 1 think the Comptroller ought to proceed
wnder the existing law to state the account subject
to the action of Congress. But it does seem to
me that this resolution assumes all the disputed
propositions and directs the Comptroller to al-
low so and so. It leaves no discretion to the
Comptroller. The question as to the validity of
this contract will not be open to him, but he will
be required to go on and assume the contract to be
valid and then simply to assess the amount paid
by Carmack & Ramsey. I should like to have
it lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio is about to defeat his very object.
I do not mean to vote on this question, having
been professionally concerned as counsel for these
parties some years ago. The amount of the claim,
however, is very much exaggerated. It was sup-
posed at one time to be a million and a half or
two million dollars, and perhaps the agent who
was conducting it on the part of the claimants
at that time satisfied his own mind that it would
properly amount to something like that sum; but
the resolution upon the table limits whatever the
individuals may be found entitled to to expenses
actually incuned; it gives themnoclaimfordam-
ages, and .the only question is whether what they
actually expended in attempting to carry out a con-
tract which is admitted to have been made ought
not, under the circumstances, to be refunded. If
the honorable member proposes to leave it to the
Comptroller, under the original law, he may have
some eighty or ninety thousand dollars to pay
instead of some twenty or thirty thousand dollars.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to
postpone the joint resolution until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citizens
of New Yorl<j_ praying for the passage of the bill
(H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or forfeited estates in insur-
rectionary districts; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
lie also presented a memorial of Eliot C. Cow-
den and other meichants of New York, praying
for an increase of the salaries of the deputy col-
lectors of customs at the port of New Yoik;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FOOT presented ten petitions of citizens
of Vermont, praying for the passage of the bill
(tl. R. No. 27G) to secure to persons in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or forfeited estates in insur-
rectionary districts; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented fourteen petitions of
men and women of the United States, praying
for the abolition of slavery, and such an amentf
nient of the Constitution as will forever prohibit
its existence in any portion of the Union; which
were referred to the select committee on slavery
atld freedmen.
He also presented a petition of citizens of "West
Newbury, Massachusetts, praying for the repeal
of all laws exempting United States stocks fi om
taxation; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
308) repealing so much of ail act to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864, and
for other purposes, approved March 14, 1864,
as appropriates §25,000 for erecting a naval hos-
pital at Ivittery, Maine, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
465) for the relief of Deborah Jones, leported it
without amendment, and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3S0) for the re-
lief of George W. Murray, reported it without
amendment, and submitted n report, which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Mary C. Hamilton, widow
of Captam Fowler Hamilton, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon, which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom wan
referred the petition of Reuben Clough, praying
to be allowed arrears of pension, submitted a re-
port accompanied by a bill (S. No. 316) for the
relief of Reuben Clough. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
J. W. Barnaclo, praying compensation forswear-
ing in volunteers, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from thesame committee, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 431) for the relief of
Solomon Wadsworth, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 442) to authorize the President of the Uni-
ted States to negotiate with certain Indians of
Middle Oregon for a relinquishment of certain
rights secured to them by treaty, reported it with
an amendment; and he presented a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, addressed to the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, relative
to a proposed treaty with certain Indians of Mid-
dle Oregon; which was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIODSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 54) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Railroad Company m the District of Co-
lumbia, with amendments; ill which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint lcsolu-
tions; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (No. 470) to authorize assimilated rank
to be given to the warrant officers of the United
States Navy, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 533) to provide forascertainingand
adjusting claims against the Government fur in-
jury or destruction of property by the Army of
the United States or by military authority din-
ing the present rebellion;
A joint resolution (No. 91) in relation to the
treaty of 1817; and
A joint resolution (No. 95) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to amend the contract with
John Ericsson for the construction of two im-
pregnable floating batteries, the Dictator and the
Puritan.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 247) granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin to build a military road to
Lake Superior; and
A bill (S. No. 145) to increase the pay of sol-
diers in the United States Aimy, and for other
purposes.
DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pilot-
ing, to whom was leferred the resolution, sub-
mitted on the 15th of March, to print the Diction-
ary of the United States Congress, prepared by
the late Librarian of the House of Re'piesenta-
tives, reported it without amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion by unanimous consent, and it was act end to
as follows: °
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate fifteen hundred and filly copies of the Dictiomuv of
the United Status Congress prepaied by the late Lihuiii.m
ot the Hou>e and already oidered by that hoih ; ami I he
secretary is hereby directed to pay to the compiler the
same copyright allowed by tin; House of Repiesentauves.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked ,and byunaniinouscon-
sentobtamed, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 317)
providing for bail in certain cases of military
arrests; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 318) au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to sill
certain property of the United States when no
longer required for the public service; which wu-s
read twice by its title, und referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
