THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
NATIONAL CANAL CONVENTION.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Joint Committee
on Printing, reported the following resolution:
Resoloed,Thnt there be punted for the use of this House
ten thousand copies of tho memonalof the National Canal
Convention communicated tothisHouseby the President.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana1 will withdraw the motion to lay on the
table. It is not a very large number to have
printed.
The motion was not withdrawn.
Mr. STILES called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on I he table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suggest 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent.
Several Members objected.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
tho negative—yeas 52, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Jacob B. Blair, Blisrf, liloomall, James
S. Brown, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denmson, Donnelly,
Edg«rton, TJldridge, English, Finck, finder, Hale, Haft,
Harding, flohnan, Philip JohnM)ti, William Johnston, Kel-
ley, Le Blond, Long, McDowell, McKinney, Middlctoti,
William H. Altllei, Moorhoad, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myers, Nelson, Noble, Charley O'Neill, Pendleton, Peiry,
Kadfoid, Samuel J. Randall, ltogets, Scofield, Smith,
Spalding, William G. Su-rle, Htcveji*, Stiotise,
Thomas., Tracy, Wheeler, Chiium A. White, Joseph W.
White, Williams, and Wilder-—3-2.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Allison, Arnold,
Ashley, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Seaman, Blaine, Blow, Bonuvell, Royd, Hiandegee,
Brooks, Ambrose W.Clark,Cobb, Coffioth, Cole, Creswell;
Henry Winter iWis, Thomas T. Davt,*, Dawe?-, Deming,
Dixon, Dri<?g*, Dumont, Kden, F.tiot, Furnswoi Hi, Frank,
Gansou, Gaifield, Gooeh, Gtinncll, Chatles IV1, Hun is,
Hamper, Uotcbkiss, /U^hei W. Hubbard, John H. Ilnb-
Im'r'd, Jenckca, Julian, Ka^on, Francis W. Kellogjr, Ker-
ifan, Loan, Lovejoy, McCIur«, Samuel F. Miller, Momll,
Daniel Atoms, Norton, Ouh, Pet ham, Pike, Price, William
I{. .Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John II. lUee, Kd\\ ud H.
Rdltins, Ro^s., Shannon, Sloan, Sinither<? Srehbius, John
B. Steele, Upson, Van Valkonburgh, Filihu B. Wa«hbume,
William B. Washburn, Webster, Wuidom, Wintield, and
Fernando Wood—71.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During the coll of the roll,
Mr. BROOM ALL stated that his colleague,
Mr. T 'bayer, was unavoidably absent.
The question teem red on the resolution.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a statement. I believe that some
members of the Hoiuse understand the resolution
as covering the whole report of the proceedings
of the canal convention at Chicago. It is not
so. It is merely to piiut the memorial sent to the
President, whicn covers only ten or twelve pages.
The question was taken; and the resolution
Was adopted.
"WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT REPORT.
Mr. A, W. CLARK submitted the following
resolution; which, under the rules, was referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That theSuperuuendetuof Public Printing he
authorized and directed to pi nit for the ns-e of the Wash-
ington aqueduct department live hundred copies of the
annual report of the chief engineer of the Washington
aqueduct to the Secietary of the Interior.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think that that resolution should be adopted. It
sets a bad precedent.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
referred to the Committee on Punting, under the
rules.
BURK AIT OF EMANCIPATION.
Mr. ELIOT, from the select committee on
emancipation, reported a bill to establish a Bu-
reau of Emancipation; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
committed to the same committee.
MISSOURI IIOME GUARDS.
Mr. BLOW, Mr. Speaker, I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House lesoive itself *
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the !
Union, to take up the bill appropriating money j
to pay the home guards of Missouri, winch was '
made the special order for tins morning. ;
The SPEAKER. It
wasmadethespecialorder \
for yesterday, and not from day to day until dis- ;
posed of. it seemed to be understood by the re- j
marks that were made that the bill should'be made !
the special order for to-day, and if there be no
objection it will be so considered.
There was no objection.
Mr. BLOW. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself in to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into theCommittee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Love-
joy in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in
oider to be House bill No. 35, to provide for the de-
ficiency in the appropriation for the pay of officers
and men actually employed in the Western de-
partment, or department of Missouri.
Mr. BLOW. Mr. Chairman, I will yield the
floor to my colleague, [Mr. McClurg,] who has
been closely identified with the home guards of
Missouri, in order that he may explain this bill.
Mr. McCLURG, Mr. Chauman, I ask the
attention of the committee but for a few moments.
Nothing but the importance of the immediate pas-
sage anu approval of this bill induces me to make
the few remarks I shall now attempt. For, sir,
1 can assure this House I fully appreciate and
realize the delicate situation of a new member,
who is in danger, on the one hand, of sacrificing
the interests of his constituents to too great a del-
erenceto the rules of courtesy which should prop-
erly be extended to more experienced members,
and, on the other hand, of manifesting, from an
excess of zeal, an improper forwardness tending
to impair the means of usefulness incident to his
position. I shall not, therefore, attempt a lengthy
speech. Neither is it necessary. I shall-confine
myself to what I conceive to be strictly and legit-
imately my duty, and make a few points bearing
directly upon the bill before the House. I have
been requested to do so by a portion of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to whom the bill was
referred, for a more satisfactory understanding of
l he questions involved by those who have not been
infoi med, as 1 am piobabfy better acquainted with
the facts than any member piescnt. I shall not
attemptembellishments, as every member can add
them at his leisure.
It will he seen that this bill is to provide for a
u deficiency " in a certain appropriation. It bears
on its face, therefore, evidence that a former Con-
gress made an appropriation for the same object.
This is an argument in favor of the justness of
the bill. It is " to pay officers and men actually
employed in the Westein depaitment, oi depart-
ment of Missouri." The histoiy of the case, in
few woids, is this: when slavery attacked our
Government,and our noble President, who has in-
scribed his name upon the roll of the immortal
great, called for volunteers to drive back the threat-
ening invaders, the State of Missouri had at the
head of the executive department a disloyal Gov-
ernor, Claiborne F. Jackson, who refused to fur-
nish even one man foi that " diaholical"purpose.
The attempt was made by this Govei nor and a
disloyal Legi.-datuie to carry Missouri out of the
Union under the operations of a miiitaiy bill re-
quiring all to swear to obey all oiders of officers
placed over them by n traitorous Governor. It
became necessary for loyal men to prepare for sclf-
defenseand the defense of the Government. The
rush to aims was sudden. Organizations were
hastily made by those unaccustomed to military
affairs. They weie withoutdue form—not in ac-
cordance with the written law. Where the pop-
ulation was neatly equally divided, the first or-
ganized companies would maintain the rule. The
urgency required prompt action. I
At this critical period in the history of Missouri |
we had in command a Nathaniel Lyon. The \
loyal heart of Missouri's sons found a sympa- !
thetie, chord in his breast,.which was but too soon 1
and too boldly bared to the traitorous foe. He !
realized his situation. He was surrounded by an j
active, numerous, designing enemy, attempting to j
mature [dans for the overthrow of both the Suite
and General Governments. He had but a force i
at his command of a few hundred regulars. He j
responded favorably to the inquires of the loyal j
men, and encouraged organizations of what weie '
called home guaids. Fie gave commissions; he
promised arms and distributed them so far as was j
m his power, and pledged, so far as he could, the :
Governmentlbrthepayforservices. Itwasacon- j
test between loyalty and disloyalty in Missouri, !
and a Lyon thought it better to set aside, for a mo- !
fnent, the forms of law than the Government itself.
Informal organizations were made, and history
tells the result. Those homeguardorganizations,
under the leadetship of General Lyon, shaped and
preserved the loyal sentiment of Missouri, and
maintained her in her true position, which she now
occupies in the Union. The home guards of St.
Louis, and to the credit of the Germans be it said,
enabled General Lyon to capture the encampment
known as Camp Jackson, which will go down to
all coming generations as one of traitors. That
capture saved St. Louis, the St. Louis arsenal and
arms, and opened the way to the overthrow of the
traitorous State government, and proved to be the
salvation of the State. Other incidents and fields
are not wanting that testify to the valor of those
home guard forces. Jeffeison City, Boonville,
Lexington, Carthage, and the bloody field of Wil-
son 's Creek, where the immortal Lyon fell,all give
evidence of their bravery. At Wilson's Creek
they fought side by side with the regularly drilled
troops in the hottest of the fight. They are those
who first bore the hardships and privations inci-
dent to the troubles in Missouri, in the work of
hunting rebel bands, when not too numerous, in
the country, and bre taking themselves to the brush
when pursued by overpowering numbers, and in
capturing the powder and lead which had been
distributed by Governor Jackson throughout the
State for concealment and use by disloyal agents.
This was when these organizations were being
made. "When organized into companies, or bat-
talions, or regiments, the service, so far as I know,
waspeiformed in such manner as required of sim-
ilar organizations regularly in the set vice. And
for this service only, after organization, have
claims been allowed, which it is proposed to pay
fiorn this appropriation. Valuable services were
rendered, which would have requited the same
number of legular volunteers to have performed.
Their services were accepted, not only by Gen-
eral Lyon, but by General Fremont. Many were
armed and equipped under orders ftom General
Fiemont, and treated as though the Government
valued their loyalty and seivices. As for the sev-
enteen companies over which 1 was honored with
the command as colonel byGeneial Fremont, he
oidered their rolls to be recognized, and the pay-
master to pay. His oider was not respected.
After his removal, as they were not recognized
as regularly in the service,and theiefore not to be
paid, it became necessary to disband. The result
was, men in destitute ciicuinstances wore returned
to destitute families, whose homes, in very many
instances, had been robbed of the very necessa-
ries of life, having served, some one, some two,
others three or six months, without pay. To
many it appeared to be wrong treatment, and
would have driven men less loyal into the ranks
of the enemy. Out I must say I have known but
two or three to have gone ovei to the traitors.
They had confidence m the ultimate just action
of a Government that needs not the services of her
people without rewai d,and their respect was such
for the old flag that had ever protected them that
their eyes were not bedimmed when beholding it,
although filled with tears at the sad picture before
them of childien suffering for the necessaries of
life. Tlj^y indulged the hope that the promises
of a Lyon and a Fiemont would be verified by the
action of a just Government, to protect which at
least one half of those home guaids went into the
legulat \olunteei service, and from among them
many heads of distressed families have been of-
fered as sacrifices to fieedom on the battle-fields
of Counth, Juka, and Vicksburg.
Ihe justness of the chums of these men was
recognized by the Thirty-Seventh Congress. An
act "to secure to the officers and men actually
employed in the Western department, or depart-
ment ot Missoui i, their pay,bounty, and pension,"
was approved March 25,18(3:2; and the Secretary
of War was authorized and required to pay offi-
cers and men who had been actually employed in
the miiitaiy scrviceof the United States, whether
mustered into actual service or not, where their
services had been accepted and actually employed
by the generals who had been in command of the
department of the West, or the department of Mis-
souri, as in cases of regular enlistments. On the
14th day of May, 18G2, §100,000 were appropn-
ated for such purpose. Difficulties at once pre-
senting themselves to theSccietary of Warm de-
ciding on the numerous informal claims that were
