1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
March 16,
agreeing to the amendment of the Senator from
low# to the arm'numeric, of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the swnendment of the committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. On that question Mesire
to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detain the Senate
but a moment or two in expressing my views on
this subject. I was a member of the House of
Representatives when this subject was there fully
considered, and the debate made quite an impres-
sion on my mind. The consular hill was prepared
by Mr. Marcy, I believe, and passed the House
without debate and without a reading. That was
in the summer of 1856. In the appropriation bills
the following winter there was an appropriation
made for consular pupils, and the question arose
for the first time in that House upon this appro-
priation. It was discussed at some length, quite
a number of members taking part in the discus-
sion, and after full deliberation the appropriation
"was stricken out by a very large vote. An amend-
ment was offered in the Senate to insert it, and
nfter considerable discussion the amendment was
rejected and the appropriation failed; and a sec-
ond section was adopted and added to the bill re-
pealing the old law. So the consular pupils have
never been adopted as a part of our system.
The chief part of the communication just read
from the Secretary of State refers to the regula-
tions in regard to United States consuls. Those
regulations were prepared immediately after the
passage of the law and before the repeal of that
provision of it.-s There is no reference ill those
regulations to consular pupils except in one sec-
tion, in which it is said that the same laws shall
govern the intercourse and righis and duties of
consuls, consular clerks, and consular pupils.
There is no other reference made to them except
in the one section which was read by the Senator
from Maine yesterday.
In my view of it, this is simply a mode of rais-
ing the salaries of our consuls abroad. I remem-
ber when tiiis Administration came into power
we Were all run down by ex-members of Con-
fress, by retired politicians, by pei sons who had
istinguished themselves as active political agents
in the different States, who wore very desirous to
get consulates because they were the best paid
offices under (ho Government. The argument that
is so often made for the increase of salaries does
riot apply to consuls, because their salanes arc
paid in gold; they do not suffer from the deprecia-
tion of paper money; and the consuls are now as
well paid as any other officers of the Government.
The Secretary of State alludes to the fact that
Mr. Tucker proved to be a great defaulter. That
■very consul received the highest salary paid to
any consul abroad. So if there is any inference
to be drawn from the instance of Mr. Tucker, it
certainly is against high salaries. He was con-
sul at Liverpool, if I remember aright, and he re-
ceived $7,500 a year, the largest sum paid to any
consul abroad, and yet that was not sufficient, it
seems.
Mr. SUMNER. He was a bad character, as
the Senator knows very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then why is that particu-
lar ease cited here and made the basis of an argu-
ment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator had un-
derstood the communication, he would have seen
that the argument wns simply that these consular
pupils or clerks would be tccognized as a part of
the system with the rights appertaining to consuls,
and that having been brought up in the office or
been put into the, offit'o they would have a definite
position, and that frauds cannot be committed
without their knowledge, and that, if properly se-
lected , i hey would form a check. Instead of having
foreigners and persons who are merely hired by
the consul himself and dependent on him, these
pupils or clerks being offices of the Government
and paid by the Government, would form a check
on dishone«tconsuls, and frauds could not he per-
petrated without their knowledge, and in sume
cases the Government might be spared from in-
stances such as was that of Mr. Beverly Tucker.
That is the argument.
Mr. SHERMAN. Itseemstome that the Sen-
ator from Vermont has already answered that suf-
ficiently. These consular pupils would be no
check upon frauds. They are appointed by the
same power;, they are changed, by the same
power; they are not likely to be more durable.
The pressure that will be continually made upon
a new Administration for these appointments will
always compel the appointing power to appoint
politicians to these offices. It ought not to be so.
I repeat that the view which I take of this prop-
osition is that it is simply a mode of increasing
the salaries of our consuls abroad. They now
pay for their necessary clerk hire. Under this
system the Government would pay that clerk hire
for them. They are now among the best .paid
officers of the Government. They demand an in-
crease of pay, I know, but that in a great measure
grows out of the fact that they are unfitted for
their office by their previous habits and education.
I have no doubt that gentlemen familiar with com-
meice, men competent to perform the duties of
consuls, might be selected for their merits alone
and sent to these different places and perform the
duties of consuls well and faithfully. The trouble
is that a great many of the men who are selected
cannot perform any portion of the duties them-
selves, but are compelled to rely on others, and
therefore, perhaps, do not find their salaries suf-
ficient.. I do not believe that this proposed in-
crease of their salaries, for that is all it amounts
to, will furnish the remedy.
There is another reason. There is now a strong
inclination to bring up all the old exploded prop-
ositions of the last ten or fifteen years; and with
the exception of the Cherokee claim I believe
nearly every one of them, in some form or other,
is before Congress now. I think we ought to re-
sist any new expenditure now above ail other
times. If the Committee on Commerce will re-
port a system of increased fees to be levied upon
our commerce abroad so as to make the consular
system pay its own way, it would be well enough
to give these officers additional compensation if
it shall become necessary; but until that is done,
I, for one, will notvotcforany increased compen-
sation to these officers. The idea of calling them
u consular pupils" is derived from the old law. I
think they will be very poorly taught. Our con-
suls abroad arc scarcely fit to teach them. 1 know
two or three consuls abroad who are very excel-
lent offieeis. 1 know a gentleman from Maine
who is consul at London who undoubtedly, fiom
his education, from his long habits as a commer-
cial man, being an excellent merchant, is an ex-
cellent consul. But there are many of our con-
suls abroad who do not know anything more
about the laws of commerce, the laws of finance,
and th > laws of trade, than any othergood, plain,
country county-court lawyer in the West.
Mr."CHANDLER. I shall claim the Sena-
tor's vote for this amendment by ins own admis-
sion. He says that if the Committee on Com-
merce will get up a scheme by which t*he consular
system shall be self-sustaining he will vote for it.
That is precisely what the Committee on Com-
merce did one year ago. By the new system of
triplicate certificates, over one hundred thousand
dollars perannum hns been added to the consular
receipts abroad, and the consular system to-day,
if not self-sustaining, is very nearly so, and will
be so in a time of peace from its own receipts.
The Senator says that the consuls are paid in
gold. That is true, but they collect that gold.
The gold in which they are paid they receive
themselves from the fees paid into their office. It
does not come from the Tieasury of the United
States.
The Senator says that the consuls are the best
paid of any officers in the service of the Govern-
ment. If he will read the mass of papers in the
room of the Committee on Commerce, he will
find that there is scarcely a single consul of the
United States who receives in the way of salary
his subsistence to-day. Take, for example, the
consul at Manchester, who receives $2,000 a year
salary and $200 office rent. The actual expenses
of his office are more than the whole receipts.
Under the old system, the consul at Manchester
ran the Government in debt $1,000 per annum.
Under the new system that consulate pays $15,000
perannum into the Treasury of the United States.
At Lyons the same thing is true, though not to
so great an extent. The labor of the consuls has
been in many cases quadrupled, and m the case
of the Manchester consulate increased more-than"
one hundred fold. The compensation was estab-
lished under the old system while tho labor was
very slight. Under the new system, which makes
that office self-sustaining, the clerical labor is im-
mense. The consul at Manchester writes to me
that he is now compelled to employ two clerks
and needs a third, whereas, under the old system,
he could do all the business himself. In all our
consular establishments the labor has been im-
mensely increased, and the system is becoming
self-sustaining. I trust the Senator from Ohio
will carry out his pledge and vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I know a little more
about the receipts from consuls than the Senator
from Michigan does. The system ia not self-
sustaining by a good many dollars.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said very nearly so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, it is not very nearly
so, as the Senator will find on examination. Un-
doubtedly the systefo adopted a year ago does
bring in about one hundred thousand dollars more
than we received before. I think the Secretary
so estimates. Still the consular system is very
far from being self-sustaining. That additional
sum is paid m at a very few ports. The one
named by the Senator, Manchester, I believe docs
show a very large increase of receipts; but on his
motion, I think we have already raised the com-
pensation of the consul at Manchester. The in-
creased receipts," I think, are confined to a few lead-
ing ports where a great number of* entries of ex-
portations to this country are made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is wherever we pur-
chase and have shipments made, because all in-
voices are now required to be in triplicate,
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator knows that
the great body of our importations are from com-
pdiatively few ports.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not confined to a few
ports, because we import from a great many.
Mr. SHERMAN. The regulation is extensive,
of comae, but the importations mto tins country
are from comparatively few ports. The system
is not self-sustaining. Where there are special
cases in regard to particular consulates, where
there are facts showing that the s'alary ought to
be increased for any reason, we have done it; and
I will here remark thatthe salaries of a large num-
ber, and I think a considerable majority, of the
consuls have been increased since the passage of
the act of 185G. That is not so in regard to some
of the leading consulates, hut the salaries of a ma-
jority of the consuls have been increased, avid
very many of them have been transferred from
the list of fee consulates to that of salary consul-
ates. N
Mr. FESSENDEN. In many of those cases
we have made money by the transfer, the fees
amounting to more than the salary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not complain of it^ X
only mention it to show that there is no illiber-
ally in regard to this matter; that where the facts
show that the salary of a consul ought to be in-
creased we have done it. I believe this system
will simply put into the service of the Govern-
ment abroad twenty-five young men, at a salary
in paper money, because that is our standard here,
of $i,G20, at a time when they can servo their
country better in the Army of the United States
if they are fit for the position to which they are
to be assigned.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am unwill-
ing to occupy the time of the Senate; but as the
Senator from Vermont did me the honor to crit-
icise what 1 said last evening, perhaps tlio Senate
will pardon me if'I make a very few words of
reply. 1 listened to that distinguished Senator
carefully 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator from
Massachusetts goes on, I trust that he will allow
me to lefer to the figures as to the matter in dis-
pute between the Senator from Michigan and my-
self. I have now before me the finance report,
which shows that the amount of salaries paid to
our consuls, including exchange, is $405,400 37,
and the amount of fees received $152,982 94, leav-
ing a balanceof abouttwohundredandfifty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator need only
refer to the hill under consideration, which appro-
priates for consuls, including the consular pupils,
§477,500. The amount of fees received, accord-
ing to thg calculation, will be about two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
