186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
presented, caused the passage and approval of a
joint resolution on July 12, 1862, suspending the
payment, and requiring the appointment of three
commissioners to examine all claims arising un-
der the provisions of the act of 25th March, 1862,
and report the same to the Secretary of War. As
the advice and consent of the Senate were neces-
sary in the appointment of the commissioners,
there was a failure to appoint from an oversight
of the law, and the time in which they could act
expired before the instscssion of Congress. There-
fore that joint resolution of 12th July, 1862, was
revived by a joint resolution approved February
16, 1863, and in accordance therewith three com-
missioners—Hon. HawkinsTaylor of Iowa, Hon.
Charles T. Sherman of Ohio, and Colonel Fran-
cis Russell of Missouri—were appointed. They
have faithfully and ably, and no man will read
their report without saying honestly, discharged
the duties thatdcvolved upon them. That report
is a tribute of respect that reflects luster upon the
character of those loyal men known as " home
guards," and credit upon the candor and patriot-
ism of those who bestowed it. It is more valu-
able from the fact that two of the commissioners
reside in other States than Missouri, and could
not be suspected of the operation of undue influ-
ences. Indeed, a perusal of their report will con-
vince you that they have made themselves liable to
the remark " that they discriminated rather nicely
in favor of the Government;" for they have taken
no latitude, but allowed only for services of per-
sons, and not of horses, although services were
proved to have been perfoimed, in most cases,
by mounted men. But they inform us in their
report that they have only allowed for services
of horses in a few cases where the companies
were actually organized and accepted as cavalry,
refusing m other cases on the ground that the
horses were foraged by the Government,-when
otherwise they would have been left exposed to
the enemy, and have-fallen into their hands. The
Government cannot complain.
They furthermore inform us that "no claim
was allowed unless it was strictly for personal ser-
vice in military service," and that u from proof
other than the claimants';" " all were not only le-
quired to show that they were called out or ac-
cepted by proper authority,butperformed actual
military service in the field,as distinguished from
services m organizing, drilling, recruiting, or in
camp;" and that claims "only were allowed
where their existing organizations had been regu-
larly called out and actually served in the field
under proper authority, and in regular military
capacity or service."
Surely no argument or language is necessary to
show that such claims should be paid. It is a
self-evident proposition. Indeed, by the law now
existing that is acknowledged, and payment is
required to be made, as recommended by said
commissionei s, and as icquiied by net of 25th of
March , 1862. All that is now wanting is tin appro-
priation of the money for which this bill provides.
The claims allowed, as you will see in the re-
port of the commissioners,as well as in the report
of the Secretary of War, amount to $800,612 13.
As I hnve before stated, $100,000 were appropri-
ated 14th May, 1862. The deficiency is, there-
fore, the amount asked for and set forth in this
bill, $700,612 13. The reasons for urging the
passage of this bill now without delay aie these.
As i have stated, many of the families of the
claimants are very destitute. They live in a coun-
try, many of them, that has been overrun by the
rebel nrmyand made desolate. Many of them
were m active service, in companies of the enrolled
militia of Missouri, last spring, at the very time
they should have planted corn to bread their chil-
dren, and weie prevented from so doing. By the
oigauizalion of provisional regiments in the sum-
mer and fall, seven eighths of these men weie fur-
loughed home. They have lost the ctops of the
spring, and ate without even the dependence of a
soldier's pay, in State bonds, at twenty pel cent,
discount. And, again, some unprincipled claim
agents, who would enrich themselves from the
poverty of otheis, and fill their cup of pleasure
from the teais of starving children, are now en-
deavoring to take advantage of the credulity and
necessity of these unfortunate men, and, by in-
ducing them to believe that, according to the taidy
course of legislation, a bill for the appropriation
will not be passed before midsummer, and that
i they cannot receive their nay for twelve months,
| buy their claims at thirty to fifty per cent, dis-
i count. Our prompt action will stop this genteel
swindling. The appropriation being made, our
efficient Secretary of War will provide, without
unnecessary delay, for the payment of the claims.
Two years have expired since the last of the ser-
vice was rendered. These true men need our help,
and the Government owes it. 1 hope, therefore,
there will be no opposition.
If is my request that,as Hon. Henry T. Blow,
of Missouri, is upon the Committee of Ways and
Means, and was one among others specially op-
pointed to investigate the facts connected with this
bill, he will make such remarks as he may feel
the occasion requires.
Mr. COX. 1 offer the following proviso, to
come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, houcicr, That in the payment of the money
hereby nppiopt nited, Mich payments- &!iall he made directly
to the ofiiecrts oi soldiei-, by whom the seiviees wen: reu-
deied, or to their peis.onal representatives, or to their agents
appointed by powers of attoi uev; and no assignment of any
sum due to any oliieer oi soldier shall be valid.
Mr. BOYD. Mr. Chairman, I do not know
that I have any serious objection to the amend-
ment that has been proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio. Still I do not think that it is neces-
sary. I know something of these early troubles
in the West, having been closely connected with
the management of the seventeen hundred men
under the command of Colonel McClurg. I served
under Colonel McClurg as major. 1 do not think
that yon will find any man fiom the State of Mis-
souri, any man from Missouri who is an attor-
ney-at-law or a professional man, who will ask
that this money hhall be paid to any other person
than the person who directly should have the bene-
fit of it. I ask the gentleman from Ohio, in all
the kindness of my heai t, that he will, for the bene-
fit of the men who served with me, and the men
who fought as home guards the dreadful battle at
Wilson's Creek, withdraw his amendment, and
let the bill go through as it has been presented
to the consideration of the House. These home
guards were rejected by General Harney, but they
were instituted and recognized by Generals Lyon,
Fiemont, and Curtis, and of all the commandeis
of that depai tment. They were driven from then-
homes, and they have fought the battles of the
country without having received adollar from the
Government of the United States for their services.
In Kentucky you will find the same men as the
home guards of M issouri. You will find the same
men in Marylandand Kentucky and Missouii. I
ask, therefoie, that the gentleman will withdraw
hisamendment.
Mr. COX. I understood, when he first rose,
that the heroic and gallant gentleman from Mis-
souri had no objection to my amendment. Now
he wishes me to withdraw it. 1 understood that
his colleague had* no objection to it. 1 do not
think that it will embairass, but rather will facil-
itate the passage of the bill. It is a proper amend-
ment to provide for claims of this nature.
Mr. BOYD. Let it pass.
Mr. COX. I am more of the opinion that it
ought to pass since I heard the gentleman's re-
marks. He says that if this bill is not passed
at once these sharpets will cut under tho sol-
dieis—that they will be cut out of their pay by a
soi t of genteel swindling. Many of these claims
have been lying for a year and more, and, non
constat, some of these swindlers have been at them.
My proposition is in good faith to protect these
brave and gallant soldieis. 1 was touched,*my
sensibilities were ai oused, by his appeal, and I
want to have this matter well considered. I want
to see this money, when appropiiatcd, go to the
proper parties, and for that purpose I have sub-
muted my amendment.
One woid more about the bill itself. I think
that it woulddmve been better to have had the
report read before any discussion took place. I
have examined into it. I confess I was sut prised
when I saw the amount of §800,000 passed upon
by these commissioners. I have no doubt they
were fair men. But it was astonishing to mem-
bers ot this House who remi mbeicd whatthedis-
tinguished gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair]
said on the subject, and w hat we undeistood was
(he fact fiom the Secretary of War, that instead
of §800,000, these claims would not amount to
more than §100,000. If, as my gallant friend
says, these soldiers did not expect anything for
their defense'of the State, why did not the Secret
tary of War adjudicate these claims in his own
Department? 1 am told that he is opposed to
their payment.
Mr. BLOW. Mr. Chairman, it seems hardly
understood yet that in the serious difficulties that
we had in Missouri at the outbreak of the rebel-
lion forty thousand men sprang to arms. Had it
not been for those forty thousand men, Missouri
would have been a rebel State. Twenty-seven
thousand men, as is shown by this report of the
commissioners, were organized, and twenty-four
thousand and upwards have been found worthy
of pay after the strictest scrutiny on the part of
the commissioners. Itwasabigthing. ltsaved
Missouri. They were the men who intervened
between the rebels in Missouri and the freemen
of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio*, and if they had
not thus spiung to arms the battles fought at
Springfield and Carthage and Boonvilie would
have been fought upon the free soil of Illinois,
and that with rebels from the State of Missouri.
I know, sir, that these facts were never known,
and were never presented to Congress, as they
oughtto have been>and these twenty-seven thou*
sand men have gone unpaid for that reason, and
their families are sufici ing; and if it had not been,
as 1 said yesterday, that an all-kind Providence
smiled upon them, and for the action of ourcounty
court, which appropriated several hundred thou-
sand dollars to sustain them, there would have
been no end to the sufferings they would have
endured.
Gentlemen have only to refer to the report of
the commissioners to see the magnitude of this
organization, and that, instead of $100,000, it
would have moie ncai ly required $2,000,000 to pay
them justly; for, in addition to the twenty-seven
thousand men that claimed something from your
Government, there were thirteen or fourteen thou-
sand men who havenevermadeaclaimforasingle
dollar up to this hour.
Mr. KING. Mr. Chairman, I have no objec-
tion that there should be a rigid scrutiny into the
claims made on behalf of these soldiers of Mis-
souri. When we see millions called for here every-
day, I look upon u as the*bounden duty of this
House to scrutinize every claim that may be pre-
sented; and if these claims now befoie the com-
mittee will not stand the closest scrutiny, then I
am prepared to say there are very few demands
here for appropriations that will.
Two years ago Congress thought proper to
pass a law, and the working of that law shows
that no wrong can be perpetiated against the Gov-
ernment if it is perfectly carried out. Befpre read-
ing the law, however, I will say that with very
little military experience in the great mass of the
people, there was a great demand for men in Mis-
souri. General Fiemont sent his recruiting offi-
cers all over the State to raise what was called,
or what they chose to term themselves, the home
guards. Colonel White, of St. Louis, was au-
thorized by General Fremont to raise a regiment.
Colonel White came up into my section of the
State. He came into my county,and into the ad-
joining counties. I went with him to aid him in
the matter. I went among the people with him.
1 heard his promises and statements, and he was
successful in that and the adjoining counties in
putting a regiment into the field when it was ab-
solutely needed. Colonel White claimed to have
authority to muster the men in and to make out
the proper mustei ing-jn rolls. 1 did not know
but what he had such authoiity; nor did any-
body else. And so it was all over the State. Men
wereirregukuly broughtinto the service, yet they
did pci form signal services in tho State.
Sir, there was scarcely a soldier within the walls
of Lexington, at the time it was besieged and cap-
tuied by Price,except these home guards, with
the exception of the commands of Colonel Mulli-
gan and of Colonel Maishail, of Illinois. Besides
those troops, there were none but home guards
there. Some of them weie killed, and otheis
wounded. Colonel While himself was wounded,
and, if not ahendy dead, now languishes upon the
bed of death. Colonel Giover, who was lieuten-
ant colonel of the legiment raised in my county
and the surrounding counties, was also wounded,
andhasiongsincedied fiom his wounds. A dozen
