1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.'1135
Mr. SHERMAN. I wished simply to show
that the consular system is not half self-support-
ing.
? Mr, SUMNER. I way saying that I listened
carefully to what toll from the Senator from Ver-
mont, as we always listen to him; and that, so far
as I understood, it resolved itself'into two argu-
ments—one founded on a misapprehension and
the other founded on a jest. I address myself to
those two arguments in their order, and first to the
argument of the Senator founded on a misappre-
hension. •
The Senator attributed to me something cer-
tainly which 1 never intended to say, and which
1 believe I did ndt say. He attributed to me an
argument that under the existing statute there
was a contract, express or implied, between the
Government and consuls to the effect that these
consular pupils should be appointed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said no such thing.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator's
argument to go to that extent.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not suggest that the
thing resolved itself into a contract jn any way.
I never intimated a word of that kind.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator to
use the term " contract."
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not; nor did I say
that the gentleman had intimated such a thing.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understood the Senator,
he attributed jto me this argument: that I had in-
sisted that, under the existing statute, consuls
when they entered into the service had a right to
expect the appointment of these pupil.-*; and he
at least intimated, if he did not assert, that I
seemed to recognize something in the nature of a
contract.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said no such thing. 1
said that I understood the gentleman's argument
to be tltat the pupils were a part of the original
system contained in the hiw, and that the salaries
of consuls which were fixed in that law were
fixed with reference to the appointment of these
pupils, as weli as to other things.
Mr. SU'MNEli. That was my argument.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 said that was the gen-
tleman's argument. 1 said, however, that that
argument could not apply to this case, because,
in point of fact, the consuls now appointed had
been appointed after that section was repealed.
Mr. SUMNER. Veiy well; Jt conies back
then to where i placed it, that the Senator attrib-
uted to me an aigument that we are bound as by
a contract to these consuls, by an understanding,
by an arrangement, by something or other—that
we are bound to these consuls. 1 neverintended
to suggest any such thing, nor do I think that I
said anything from which that idea could be de-
duced. All that I did say—this is my answer to
the Senator—wan that when the statute was ori-
ginally prepared, the provision for consular pu-
pils was an essential part of it; that it was in the
nature of a complement to the other part relating
to the consular salaries, and that when the part
relating to consular pupils was struck out, the
uniformity and completeness and harmony of the
system was impaired. That was what 1 said,
and my argument was that it was our duty now
to restore the statute to its original character, or
otherwise we should be obliged to enter perhaps
upon an indefinite system of raising consular sal-
aries, because the original salai jes wcie graduated
with leferenee to the existence of this system of
consular pupils. So far as the Senator attributed
to me anything diffeient from this, he was under
a misapprehension.
But the other argument of the Senator, as 3
said, was found- d on a jest. It was an excellent
jest; 1 enjoyed it; but the Senator will pardon
me if! say that 1 do not think it was entuely
applicable to the ease. Was it applicable at all ?
Can nny one doubt that consular pupils entenng
into this system may reasonably expect prefer-
ment under the Government? I know well that
political considerations may mteriere. They in-
terfere in every walk of life. Will they interfere
in this walk of life more than in others: There
will be an honorable avenue opened before them,
and even should there b(> impediments such as
the St-nuLor imagines, I do not lind m those any
sufficient reason ior as now to hesitate in adopting
the proposed system. Let us make a beginning;
and if it is found to work badly, we can change it.
The endeavor is in the right direction,and that is
enough. Because a youth may not be the appren-
tice of a king, it does not follow that he may not
be the apprentice of an American consul.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conncss, Cowan,
Dixon, Doolittle,Fessenden, Harris, Howard, Howe, Lane
of Kansas, Moigan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Tuunbuli, Van Winkle, VVilley, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Clatk, Collamer,
Foster, Grimes, JIarding, Harlan, Hendricks, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, Powell, Kiddle, Saulshury, Sherman,and
Wade—16.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
Senate now act on thecorrespondingamendment,
which is an additional section to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. — *87id be it farther enacted. That the second sec-
tion of an act entitled ''An act making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses- of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1858," approved Feb-
ruary 7,1857, he, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like now to have
a separate vote upon the three amendments pro-
posed by the Committee on Commerce increasing
the salatieti of consuls. I make the request be-
cause I want some information on the subject,
which I believe the committee are now prepared
to £ive.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
will put the question on concurring in all the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole,
except those which "have been designated by the
Senator from Maine for a separate vote.
The amendments were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first amend-
ment upon which a separate vote is requested is:
And the salary of tlie consul at. Nassau yhai! ho $-1,000,
to commence at the clo^e of the piesent fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to amend that
amendment by adding at the close of it the words
"duiini; the present tel'dlion.'*
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring in this amendment as amended.
Mr. MORRILL. On the question of increasing
the salary of the consul at Nassau the evidence
consists of a communication from the Secretary
of State asking1 for it, and a very full statement
from the consul himself, in which he states the
additional duties which have been imposed on him
by the recent act of Congress requiring triplicate
ceitificates, and states that a very great amount
of duty has been imposed upon him growing out
of our present troubles. There is also a memo-
rial addressed to the Presidentof the United States
by persons who Kts;n themselves " citizens of the
United States of America residing or visiting at
Nassau, New Providence,'' in which they cor-
roborate this view of the case, and say that his
duties aie very onerous, and particularly so at the
present time, and that this position is very im-
portant to the Government.
Ther& is another communication from the Sec-
letary of State communicating a petition from
peisons who lepresent themselves as presidents
of insurance companies, in which theytgo very
largelyinto the duties imposed on this consul and
the expenses incident to them, and particularly
the importance of the post, and all of them ask-
ing that the salary may be increased, and repre-
e senting that in their judgment the interests of the
;j service demand it.
:j I behove this is substantially the statement of
\l facts verified by these papers. They- are quite
'! lengthy, but if their reading be desiied, 1 shall
i send tin-m to the Chair to he read.
j] It will be sum that the proposed increase of
jj salary is from ^,^,000 to £1,000 per annum; butit
j- is limifi'd—and such was the vote of the Commit-
tee on Commerce—fo the present condition of al-
ii fairs, during the rebellion. The committee, on
'''< a very thorough examination, were induced to
I1 make this it-commendation notwithstanding their
j' general disposition not to mci^ase salaries at all.
|| We adopted that as a rule, and we adhered to it
j| in every case rigidly, unless we believed that the
!l facts would justify a departure from it. This
was a case where, upon the facts exhibited by
the Secretary of State, as well as by representa-
tions of American citizens of character residing
at that point, and a large number of responsible
parties residing in the city of New York, the-effi-
ciency of the service required an increase. The
committee yielded, and recommended this tempo-
rary increase of salary. I will send-the papers
to the Chair, if it is desirable, that they may be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob- .
jection, the papers will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
• Department op State, "*
Washington, January 19,1864.
Sir: j have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a
communication addressed to this Department by the pres-
idents of insnrance companies m regard to the expediency
of increasing the compensation provided by law for the con-
sulate at Nassau, and the reply of the Department.
The magnitude of the interests at stake, and the import-
ance of this post at the present time, in view of the oper-
ations of the blockade-runners, make it my duty to present
thif> subject for yom eonsidciation.
T have the honor to he, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM fl. SEWARD.
Hon. Z. Chandler, Chairman of Committee on Commerce,
United States Senate.
New York, January, 1863.
Sir: The commercial intercourse between the ports of
the United States and Nassau is constant and important—
much more important than would be ini'eired from the
amount of imports and exports. The number of vessels
wrecked annually within the consulate of the Bahamas is
laigei ihuniuany other Am<n lean consulate. The annexed
table chow* the amount of sales of wtceked propeity sold
at Nassau to have been §1,500,000 in foui years.
So important is this interest to maiine insurance compa-
nies that they have agent&resident at Nassau to take charge
of wrecked property, to whom a very much larger compen-
sation 15. paid than is now paid to the consul.
Existing complications arising out of a state of rebellion
render ouriolations with the population and British officials
of Nassau delicate and embauassed, demanding an exer-
cise of intelligence, good temper, moderation, and firmness
on the part of the Ameiican consul.
Duung the continuance of the war, and so long as the
motive to evade the blockade exists, important political ser-
vices could be rendered by the consul in collecting inform-
ation valuable to the Government, piovtded the character
and circumstances of the consul were such as to allow him
a lavoiable social position among the cultivated and court-
eous ofheers of her Majesty resident at Nassau.
Possessing no political powers, the consul must rely on
penonal influence alone  o he of service to his country be-
yond the mere routine of office dunes, iiis personal influ-
ence will depend on his intelligence, character, and man-
ner, and his ability to reciprocate in a respectable manner
the social courtesies common at Nassau in the society of
the Government officials, The consul should, therefore,
be a man of education and polished manners, with such
firm hut undemonstrative temperament as to enablehimto
avoid absolutely all personal, violent, or indecorous eon-
tioversios. Xllrf deportment thould be such ns to render
him personally acceptable to the Governor and other offi-
cers. Even with aii these qualifications, he can do little
J'or lus Government unless he has the pecuniary ability to
maintain a crcditable social position in the circle of gentle-
men with whom he has business relations.
The salary is, unfortunately, but $2,000 per annum, with-
out an}" mm gin of free or pciqutsites, while the incumbent
i-5 icstraiued from being beneficially iuteiestcd in any com-
nieicjai business whatever.
The -mlI-uv paid the ag<-nt of the underwriters is no more
than sutiicif nt lo support him respectably, and $2,000 is
quite insufficient to enable a consul to live as he ought.
To enable the consul to seivo his country more effectu-
ally in the pie^ent important cti-us, it has oectmed to us
that he might have an increase of official poweis and com-
pensations by a special commission liom the Department
of State ot the Piesident, giving a limber consideration in
the estimation ot the officials at Nassau.
The undersigned, believing that the public sei vice, polit-
ical as well as connneicial, would be benefited thereby,
ask, if corn-intent with iaw and public polu y. that the uiade
and character of the consulate of the Bahama? be lifted up
and made more influential by fm increase ot rank, poweis,
and compensation, to Hie end that a person of talent and
chaiacier may be enabled to accept the position,
A. D. JONES,
President Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company.
M. II. GIUNNELL,
President Sun Mutual Insurance Company*
ALFRED OGDJSN,
Motint Orient Mutual btsuiance Company.
KLWOOU WALTER,
President Mercantile Mutual Iftsuranco Company.
]>. e. jVIORKiri,
President Columbian Mutual Insurance Company.
ALFRED 11DWAUD3,
President Pacific Mutual Insurance Company.
J. P. TAPPAN,
PicsLlent Neptune Tn^urajue Company.
A. W. WHIPPLE,
President 1'Vashinvton Mutual Insurance Company,
fAMUEli DRAKE SMITH,
President Commercial Mutual Insurance Company.
JOHN H. EARLY,
President New York Mutual Insurance Company.
F. L. LATH HOP,
Pi evident Union Mutual Insurance Company.
Hon. William II. Seward, Secrctaryof Stateof the United
States, Washington, D. C.
