1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16.
£ 
2 P
«:
w:
&S5
co o
m co
o jk.
l&Oi
fs!
©
S ft 3
P as
w: S
S-: a
A«K>
■-} -j ci
K)<0<0
lou!
oco
tn^2
c3X W
jo.fc.os
.fa. A. M
«U 05 Ot
Ws
©>a> w
«i
8 g*
II
•§1
«8
-2.S
« £'
h
«•*<
S ^
a t 
tlbs
{/}&«
Department op State,
Washington, March 14,1863.
Gentlemen: I have the honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of your communication in regard to the commercial
intercourse between the United States awl Nassau,nnd sug-
gesting, in view of the interests of American commerce,
an increase of the rank, powers, and compensation of the
United States consul at that port, " to the end that a person
of talent and character may he enabled to accept the posi-
tion of consul to that island."
To enable the Department to carry into effect your sug-
gestions fuither legislation of Congress will be needed.
Your communication wiil bo laid before the Committees
on Commerce at the next session of Congress.
I am, gentleman, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM XL SEWARD.
To Messrs. A. D. Jones, President Atlantic Mutual Insur-
ance Company; M. II. Crinnell, Picsidcnt Sun Mutual In-
surance Company; Alfred Ogden, Mount Orient Mutual In-
surance Company; Elwood Walter, President Mercantile
Mutual Insurance Company; B.C. Morns, President Colum-
bian Mutual Insurance Company; Alfred Edwards, Presi-
dent Pacific Mutual Insurance Company j J. P. Tnppan,
President Neptune Insurance Company; A. W. Whipple,
President Washington Mutual Insurance Company; Sam-
uel Drake Smith, President Commercial Mutual Insurance
Company; John II. Early, President New York Mutual In-
surance Company; F.L. Lathrop,PresidentUuionMutnal
Insurance Company.
To his Exccllcnaj Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States cj America:
Sm: The undersigned, citizens of the United States of
America, residing or visiting at Nassau, New Providence,
desire to represent to Confess, thiough you, the entno in-
adequacy ot the salary of the American consul at this port,
and respectfully ask that the same may be increased to at
least $4,000 per annum.
Your Excellency is aware that during the existing rebel-
lion no consulate has been of greater impoitance and re-
sponslbdity than this. Day after day steamers laden with
articles of nece^ity depart for the South, aud m a verv
short time return laden with cotton. Powder hall and
camion are sent from here to aid the rebellion. The har-
bor has become a place of refuge for the rebH armed ves-
sels Florida, Georgiana, and Retribution. The vexation
labor, and vigilance caused bv all these things have ren-
dered the position of consul by no means an enviable one.
Aside from the present importance of the place, through
its position as- a neutiai port in close proximity to a block-
aded coast, Nassau has of late years become a famous and
lavonte resoit of invalids, who come here to escape the
cold winter of the North. These are almost exclusively
Americans, who desire and expect from their consul all
proper and pohte attention. This, we assert from our own
knowledge of the expenses of living, cannot be done upon
the present salary, which will merely defray the necessary
expense of the hoard of a consul and his wite at the most
moderate rate consistent with ordinary respectability.
Price1? of every article of necessity have advanced to
nearly double what they formerly were here, and no person
can support the position of American consul with the dig-
nity and hospitality requiied of the representative of a great
nation for any less sum than four thousand dollars per an-
num.
We therefore respectfully pray that your Excellency will
ask Congress to increase the salary of our consul at this
port, and, if proper, that before the meeting of Congreas a
suitable allowance may be made to him.
And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray,
&c.
Dated at Nassau, New Providence, Bahamas, March 14,
1863.
J. S. BOSWOltTH,
New York city, Chief Justice of the Superior
Court of the city of New York.
R. S. CUSHMAN, Albany, New York.
HENRY S. LEVERICH,
Long Island, New York.
F. GEBHARD SCHUCHARDT,
Long Island, New York.
R. B. MINTTJRN, Jr., New York.
HENRY SALISBURY, Jr., New York.
JAMES A. WEBB, New York.
A. B. McDONALD, Jr., New York city.
JOHN S. HOWELL,
Proprietor of Royal Victoria Hotel, Nassau,
New Providence.
GEORGE GERHAM, Buffalo, N. Y.
R. G. MITCHELL, Jr., New York city.
JAMES HIGNES, Nziv York city.
A. W. LANGDON, Geneva, New York,
CHARLES JACKSON,
Agent New York Underwriters.
EPES SAIIGENT, Calais, Maine.
JAMES B. SMITH, New York city.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reserved
amendment will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The salary of the consul at Lyons ahall be $2,000, to
commence after the close of the present fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL. This is an increase of $500,
and the circumstances in regard to this are not
temporary in their character as in th^ other case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is on the same footing
with Manchester, I suppose.
Mr. MORRILL. It is on the same footing
with Manchester.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was as follows:
And the salary of the consul at Manchester shall be
$3,000, to commcnco after the close of the present fiscal
year.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole have all been
concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to move an amendment as
an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the office of commercial
agent at llakodadi, Japan, may, at the discretion of the Sec-
rotary of State, be changed to that of consul, to be classed
with consuls other than those named in schedules B and C
in the act approved August 18,1856.
I will state the effect of this proposition in a few
words. The consular officer at that port now is
only a commercial agent, and he represents that
the class of officers from other countries at that
place outrank him; they are consuls. The object
is to give him the ranlc and position of consuls
from other counttiesat that place, and the amend-
ment is designed to changc it in no other respect
whatever. It is simply to change the name at the
discretion of the Secretary of State.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments wore ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third Lime, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 50) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1865.
The message farther announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the first and third
amendments of the Senate to the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 37) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to anticipate the payment of interest
on the public debt, and had agreed to the second
amendment of the Senate, with an amendment; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed, on
the 14th instant, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 116) in relation to univer-
sity lands in Washington Territory-? and
An act(H. R. No. 156) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1864.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and join t resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Presi-
dent:
A bill (H. R. No. 50) making -appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1865;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) authorizing
the settlement of the accounts of J. N. Carpen-
ter, a paymaster in the United*States Navy; and
A bill (S. No. 158) in addition to an act to
amend the laws relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment, approved March 3,1863. *
INTEREST ON THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask that the gold bill,
which has come back from the House of Repre-
sentatives with a slight amendment to which there
is no objection, may be taken up and acted on.
I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the second amendment of
the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 37)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to an-
ticipate the payment of interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was to a<ldto the second amendment of the
Senate the following words:
Provided, That the obligation to create the sinking fund,
according to the act of February 25,1862, shall not be im-
paired thereby.
The amendment to the amendment was con-
curred in.
MASONIC HALL ASSOCIATION.
On motion of GRIMES, the bill (S. No. 130)
for acharterofMasonic Hall Association in Wash-
ington city, District of Columbia, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides thatR. R.French, of the Grand En-
campment of the United States of America, K.
T.; Robert McMurdy, of the General Grand R.
A. Chapter of the United States; George C. Whit-
ing, of the Grand Consistory of the S. P. R. S.,
thirty-second degree, A. A. R.; E.L. Stevens, of
Osiris Lodge of Perfection, No. 1, A. A. R.; Z.
D. Gih«an,of Washington Commandery, No. 1,
K. T.; W. P. Partello, of Columbia Command-
ery, U. D. K. T.; W. M. Smith, of Columbia
R. A. Chapter, No. 15; W. G. Parkhurst, of
Washington R. A. Chapter, No. 36; James
Steelle, of Mount Vernon R. A. Chapter, No. 20;
C. F. Stansbury, of the Grand Lodge of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; Joseph W. Nairn, of Federal
Lodge, No. 1; N. Acker, of Lebanon Lodge, No.
7; C. Kloman, of New Jerusalem Lodge, No. 9;
J. B. Turton, of Hiram Lodge, No. 10.; T. J.
Fisher, of Saint John's Lodge, No. 11; L. Gas-
senheimer, of National Lodge, No. 12; J. Van
Riswick, of Washington Centennial Lodge, No.
14; J. C. McGuire, of B. B. French Lodge, No.
15; F. L. Harvey, of Dawson Lodge, No. 16; J.
W. D. Gray, of Harmony Lodge, No. 17; T. M.
Hanson, of Acacia Lodge,No. 18; N. D. Lamer,
of La Fayette Lodge, No. 19, of the Order of
Free and Accepted Masons, of the District of Co-
lumbia, recognized as a board of trustees repre-
senting the several masonic bodies before named,
be incorporated and made a body-politic and cor-
porate, by the name of the Masonic Hall Asso-
ciation of the District of Columbia, and by that
name to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded,
in any court of law or equity of competent juris-
diction, and to have and use a common seal, and
to change the same at pleasure, and be entitled to
use and exercise all the powers, rights, and privi-
leges incident to such corporation.
This corporation is to be capable of talcing and
holding real and personal estate, which is never
to be divided among the members of the corpora-
tion, but descend to their successors, duly elected
and appointed by the bodies they represent, for
the promotion of the principles of the corporation
and the benevolent purposes of the Order of Free
and Accepted Masons which they represent.
The capital stock is not to excccd the sum of
$300,000, divided into shares of twenty dollars
each, which is to be deemed personal property,
transferable in such manner as the constitution
and by-laws of the corporation may direct.
Within twenty days after the passage of this
