2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4.
the consummation of the worst fears entertained
by the fathers in the formation of our Govern-
ment and Constitution.
It may not, Mr. Speaker, be wholly unprofit-
able for us at! to go back ro Uhe earlier days of
the Republic, and talk with those sinccre and
noble men who walked with Washington and
Jefferson and Franklin and Hamilton and Mad-
ison and Lee and Henry; to examine the his-
tory of the formation of this very Government;
the fears, the doubts, the wishes and hopes of
those " holy men o-'f old'," as they laid the foun-
dations, and'rearcd the structure of this great
governmental fabric of ours. And as we wan-
der among their early works, and listen to their
instructive teachings, 1 pray you mark well how
sedulously they labored to guard the rights of the
States, how they feared that in time that sim-
ple Federal Government, with a few, very few,
limited and well defined poweis, might become
an immense, colossal, consolidated Government,
absorbing and swallowing up the " sovereignty,
freedom, and independence" of the several States.
How caieful they were to stipulate, " the poweis
not delegated to the United States by the Constitu-
tion, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people."
When the Convention, over which General
Washington himself presided, had agreed upon
a Constitution,, it was sent to the different States
to be considered by them,and, if approved, to be
ratified.
New Hampshire ratified the Constitution by a
majoiity of eleven votes in a convention of one
hundred and three, and even this meager major-
ity was not obtained until amendments were pro-
posed calculated to quiet the fears of the people
against an undue administration of the Federal
Government.
Massachusetts called a convention of her peo-
ple "to ratify an explicit and solemn compact."
rhe contest in that convention was long and
animated upon the probable consolidation of the
Federal Government and the eventual swallow-
ing up of the local governments, in a convention,
composed of three hundred and fifty-five numbers,
the new Constitution received a majority of but
nineteen votes.
Rhode Island refused to participate in the Con-
vention that framed the Constitution, and did not
join the new Federal Government until after the
other States had ratified the Constitution, and
Congress had assembled under it.
Connecticut, being a Mnail State, was exceed-
ingly jealous for her State sovereignty; and that
the smallerStates should not be swallowed Up in
the newGovernmont she insisted that each State,
without legard to size, should have nn equal rep-
resentation in the United States Senate. Said Mr.
Ellsworth, " These small States must possess the
power of self-defense." Said Roger Sherman,
"The Government of the United States is Federal,
and instituted by a number of sovereign States."
Said another member uf her convention, while in-
sisting upon the sovereignty of the States, " The
structure of the Federal Government re.sU like
a most magnificent bridge built on strong and
stately pillars, and these pillars could not be de-
stroyed without the consequent dosti uction of the
superstructure."
New York. Jf you will examine the draft of the
Constitution you will find that the same is signed
by but one delegate fiom the State of New York,
'o wit, Alexander Hamilton. New Yolk was
represented m the Convention by two other dele-
gates, to wit, Robot t Yates and John Lansing.
Hut these two colleagues of Alexander Hamilton
retired fiom the Convention long befoie the con-
clusion of its labors, iwulcr the solemn apprehen-
sion that the proposed plan of Government would
end in consolidation. Alexander Hamilton, as
we all know, was a friend of a strong Government,
and m the Convention proposed a plan ofGovetn-
ment; yet in the Convention,and before the peo-
ple of New Yoik, he persistently denied that he
ever intended the abolition of the State govern-
ments. So severe was the contest in New York,
that in a convention of fifty-five members the Con-
stitution was ratified only by a majority of five.
New Jeisey ratified the Constitution by a unani-
mous vote, assured that. State equality and State
sovereignty were fully recognized by the equal
repiesentation of the States m the United States
Senate.
Pennsylvania ratified the Constitution after a
warm and severe contest. Her jealous statesmen
could see nothing but consolidation in the new
Government. The vei y preamble to the Consti-
tution Was cited in evidence of an intended con-
solidation of the States, in the expression, " We,
the people of the United States." But this doubt
was dispelled by an appeal to the people by a
member of the Convention m which he said:
" Though the Federal Convention pioposed that it should
be the act of the people, yet it is to be done in their capa-
cities as citizen-? of the scver.il States of our Confederacy,
who are declared to be the people of the United Status."
It was further insisted, by way of allaying the
fears of the people, that the new Government
would end in a consolidation, that the Constitu-
tion reserved to the States the appointment of all
ofiicersof the-militiaand the training of the same,
by means of which the States would have a pow-
eiful military suppoit, wherein no citizen of an-
other State could hold any position. Notwith-
standing all this, one third of their convention
voted against the ratification of the Constitution,
and even issued an address to the people setting
forth their apprehensions that the Federal Gov-
ernment would assume colossal strength, and
eventually destroy the rights and libeities of the
people of the States.
Delaware ratified the Constitution with una-
nimity, being pleased that she was put on an equal-
ity, ns a State, with the great States of New Yoik
and Virginia.
Maryland ratified the Constitution, but with
the understanding that amendments would be
made thereto. Resolutions were introduced into
the State convention expressive of the sentiments
of the convention against a consolidated Govern-
ment, against the abiogation of State constitu-
tions and bills of right. *
Virginia, within whose borders lived the vety
fathers of the Constitution — Washington and
Madison—ratified the Constitution hy a mere uia-
jonty of live. They earnestly desiied a Fedeial
Government; but they trembled Iet they might
thereby put in jeopardy the rights of her people
as citizens of a sovereign State. She dreaded a
consolidated Government. Patrick Hemy ex-
claimed, "The Constitution has an awful squint-
ing towaid monaichy." It required the wisdom
and argument of her best men to peisuade her
people that under the Fedeial Government the
reserved rights of the States weic fully guaran-
tied in the new Constitution.
North Carolina, in a con vention of two hund red
and sixty-eight members, lefused to latrfy the
Consiiiution uy a majority of one hundred until
amendments were actually made securing to the
State all the sovereign i ights she had, except such
as were expressly delegated.
South Carolina ratiiicd the Constitution by a
vole of one bundled and forty-nine to seventy-
ihiee. hut to that ratification she appended this
solemn pioviso:
'-Th.it no section oi paia^r.iph of tin; saul Constitution
war i ant- .1 e on-1 met ion that the Slate- do not retain every
power not expressly rehnqin-hed hy them and vested in
the Genera! Government oi the Union."
Georgia ratified the Constitution with unanim-
ity.
And thus, Mr. Speaker, our beautiful Consti-
tution and ininnt.iMe form of Government were
launched in the lull hsmiiance and weii-giounded
hope that the soveieignty of (he States and the
liberties of the people weie pieseived lor all com-
ing time.
For eighty years, under this idea of the con-
struction and working of our Government, wo
have lived and prospered; for eighty years the
Puritans of New England, the Hollander s of New
Yoik, the Q,uakeis of Pennsylvania, the Swedes
of New Jersey, the Cavuliura of Virginia, the
Huguenots of South Caioiina, have lived together
as one people; for eighty years men of all nations,
languages, and climes have enjoyed here a free-
dom of thought, of speech, of worship, of action,
that have earned us to the very acme of civili-
zation, territorial expansion, and national happi-
ness; ior eighty years these Statps, leaving to
each one unrestrained liberty to grow and de-
velop itself after us own plan, to follow such track
of progress and civilization as its climate, soil,
productions, character of its race and people might
render expedient, have kept the march of empire;
for eighty years, as a nation, we have happily de-
veloped the "rea? govei nmonlal idea of" diversity
-in unity," ia religiously reserving to each State,
as provided by the Constitution, perfect freedom
for all domestic institutions and purposes, and
relieving the central Government of all control
or responsibility over their internal progress or
affairs.
But a change came over the spirit of the people.
On the 4th day of March, 1861,for the first time
since the organization of our Government, a new
party, the Republican party, a party pregnant of
mischief, creptinto power, howling as they came
that our well-developed idea of "diversity in
unity" was a mistake; that States constitutedjis
ours were, part slave and part free, could not so
exist; that instead of being a" diversity in unity99
they were antagonisms,and one mustdestroy the
other. That party came into power mad with
hopes long deferred. Its President was elected
upon a platform annulling the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, and setting
at defiance the highest judicial arbitrament of the
land; and the first official announcement made hy
the President to the people was, that he would
make the platform of his party the rule of his
action. Thus was announced to the people of the
country that not the Constitution, but the will of
the Republican party, as inscribed upon their plat-
form, should be the law of all the States. They
came into power determined to crush out and
trample down all personal and State rights, no
matter how sacred or time-honored, that should
stand in the way of their desires. Reckless, law-
less, anarchical, revolutionary,fanatical,filled with
the mania of one idea, and blind to all else, they
have di iven the Government crashing through all
the checks which were intended to regulate and
guide it, until already we are cowering upon the
abyss of a common ruin. A party that entertains
no reverence for Constitution, heedless whether
the Republic stand or fall, welcoming dissolution
of the Union, welcoming war, havoc, and deso-
lation, if only slavery is put down and their un-
holy ambition gratified.
When that miseiable old wretch, John Brown,
inaugurated an invasion of the State of Virginia,
seized the United States Government armory at
Harper's Ferry, put pikes into the hands of igno-
rant and inflamed negroes,, and commenced the
indiscriminate murder of helpless women and
children and unarmed men, and while the whole
land rang with one bitter curse against the inhu-
man fiend as he'expiated his nameless enormities
upon the gallows, you might have heard the voice
of my colleague from the Cleveland district, [Mr.
Spalding,] on that day in Melodeon Hall, in the
city of Cleveland, exclaiming:
" I claim John Rrovvn as a hero, true to his eonpeienec
and true to his God, We have met to honor him for Iris
hmhhilness to ins? convictions of duty and his principles.
We have met to honoi those principled and tire cause in
which he died.'5
Senator Wjlso\t, of Massachusetts, in a speech
at Syiacuse, New Yoik, in 1859, said:
" I tell you, fcllow-eiuzt'ns the HatpinFerry outbreak
was the legitimate consequence of the teachings of the lie
publican pmty."
John Brough, the present Republican Governor
uf Ohio, ill a speech dining the political canvass
last summer, stud:
Shivery mu-;t he put down, looted out, if every wife
ha.s io be made a widow and every child to be made tather-
les>.''
Said I not truly, that this Republican parly en-
teituins no reverence for the Constitution, wel-
coming war, havoc,and desolation, ifonly slavery
ia put down, and their unholy ambition gratified ?
In fuithcr confirmation of this, let mo call the
attention of this House and of the country to a
pronunciamionto of the Republican party, pub-
lished some time ago m the New York Times,
the leading organ ot this Administration; and 1
dcsiie you to observe with what strict, unfalter-
ing minutia its reckless, lawless, revolutionary
behests have been executed over the entire loyal
States of the Union:
"The Governmental Washington will need all the unity
and efficiency contemplated m recent proclamation;*, it
will require a million men and proportional supplies. .
tail I'uv over the entire North is a national necessity, Jf
the Governors of the noilhein States manifest a factious
spirit the piovo^t marshals will have the power to keep tin m
in order. If ritate Legislatures should undertake to inter-
lete with the action ot the Genciai Government necessary
to the prosecution of the war they will conic under the ac-
tion ot mania! law. And if the action of any political party
shall threaten to change or paralyze the movements of the
Government it will doubtless be competent foi the provost
matshal in any .State to Mi^penU political meetings and
