2114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
cess against the owner, and the property con-
demned and sold when it shall be established that
it belongs to a person engaged in rebellion or who
has given aid or comfort thereto:
" Such propeity shall be condemned as enemy's property,
and bucome ?he property of the United States. All slaves of
such persons found or being within any place occupied by
icfoel forces, and afteiwards occupied by the forces of the
United States, shall be deemed captives of war, and shall bo
forever fiee of their servitude and not again held as slaves."
How enemy's property, if this is not a civil, ter-
ritorial war? How enemy's property if subject
only to the municipal laws of the United States?
How shall slaves be deemed captives of war except
by. the laws of war? Such property is enemy's
property*, and slaves are captives of war by virtue
of the laws of war applied to a hostile belligerent"
Power.
The President of the United States by numer-
ous acts has treated the States in revolt as public
enemies. By proclamation of August 16, 1861,
he declared the rebel States in astate of insurrec-
tion, proclaimed non-intercourse, and directed the
seizure of vessels belonging to citizens of said
States, together with their cargoes; and that such
property when seized should become forfeited to
the United States. In this proclamation the loyal
and disloyal in those States are treated alike.
Again, by proclamation, in pursuance of law,
on the 1st day of July, 1862, the President de-
clared certain States in insurrection and rebellion
whereby the civil authority of the United States
is obstructed, &c.; not individuals in rebellion,
but States in their organized capacity as States.
Again, the President, by proclamation on the
22d of September, 1863, declared:
u That on the 1st day of January, 18133, all persons held
ns hlaves within any State, or designated part of a State,
the people whereof shall then he in rebellion agairwt the
United Suites shall be thencfcforwaid and forever free."
And again, by proclamation on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1863, these slaves were declared absolutely
free. This great act of justice to an oppressed
people is sustained upon the basis that the people
in their organized corporate capacity as States are
in rebellion; that they are to be treated and held
as public enemies. Whatever the effect of this
proclamation it operates alike upon those sustain-
ing the rebellion and those still adhering to the
Union. It takes effect upon the principle that
this is a territorial war; that its " boundary is
marked by lines of bayonets; that these desig-
nated States and parts of States" are held in pos-
session by an organized, hostile, and belligerent
Power; and that all the people within this hostile
boundary are by the laws of war enemies.
The amnesty proclamation proceeds upon the
same principle. It assumes the right of the Gov-
ernment to impose such conditions upon this con-
quered people as Congress and the Executive may
determine. The President has proposed such
conditions as to him seem just and liberal towaid
those who are willing to coincback into the Union.
One of these conditions requires a modification of
the State constitutions so as to prohibit slavery.
If our right is conceded to impose these condi-
tions, the same grant of power would authorize
the Government to impose any further conditions
that may be necessary to secure the permanent
peace and prosperity of the whole country, and
that may be necessary to "guaranty to every
State m this Union a republican form of govern-
ment." This power is further recognized and
enforced by the President in his letter of instruc-
tions to General Steele, in Arkansas. He says:
" That it he a-Mimori at the election and thenceforward
Unit the constitution and law** of the FUate as. before the
rebellion, are m tull loree, except thai the constitution is so
modified as todeeiate That then; siiail be neither slavery
nor invnluntaiy servitude except in pimishment for crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted."
Substantially the same instructions were issued
to General Hanks. This suggested modification
implies that the complete control of the leorgan-
izution of aState in rebellion rests in the General
Government. If this condition can be imposed,
other conditions may be, or new constitutions,
republican m form, may be required before any
Suite in revolt shall be peimitted to reenter the
Union upon an equality with other States,
The law defines what acts are necessary to
convert a domestic insurrection into a civil or
public war. When the courts are obstructed, :
when the civil law cannot be administered, when
hostile forces confront each other on the battle-
field, a state of public war exists, the parties are
belligerent, and the laws of war control them.
When we blockaded southern ports, when we
passed the non-intercourse act, when we sent out
cartels of exchange of prisoners, when we treated
capturcd piratical cruisers preying upon our com-
merce as prisoners of war, when we authorized
the seizure,Condemnation, and forfeiture of prop-
erty in rem, when we declared all the .slaves in
revolted States as free, we treated our foe as a
hostile belligerent Power. But let it not be said
that we have thus acknowledged the right of these
States to revolt; we have only recognized the fact
of revolution, and the great question we are now
settling by wager of battle is whether or not this
shall be successful revolution.
Neither let it be said that because we have
treated them as public enemies we cannot pun-
ish the individuals as traitors. Judge Gricr, in
his able opinion in the prize cases, says:
" The law of nations contains no such anomalous doc-
trine as that insurgents who have risen in rebellion against
their sovereign, expelled her comts, established a revolu-
tionary government, organized armies, and commenced
hostilities are not enemies because they are traitors, and a
war levied on the Government by traitors in order to dis-
member and destroy it id not a war because it is an insur-
rection."
It follows that they can be punished as traitors
though public enemies.
But it is claimed by the Opposition that if we treat
them as revolutionists, as publicenemies, we can-
not complain if other nations recognize them as
an independent Power. This does not follow.
For while they are to us public enemies, organ-
ized and confederated as States, yet they are upon
our territory; they are within our jurisdiction.
They are seeking to establish an independent gov-
ernment out of a part of our territory, and until
we acknowledge them it is the established rule of
international law that the recognition of them by
a foreign Power would be an act of war. By
act of Parliament of Great Britain of 16 George
III, 1776, all trade and commerce with the thir-
teen colonies was interdicted, and all ships and
cargoes belonging to the inhabitants subjected to
forfeiture as if the same were the ships and effects
of open enemies. From this time the war became
a territorial civil war between the contending par-
ties, with all the rights of war known to the law of
nations. Yet years after she held the recognition
by France of our independence to be an act of war,
and declared war accordingly. Therefore, in the
light of congressional legislation, executive proc-
lamation, and judicial interpretation,we have prop-
ei ly regaided those in arms against us as public
enemies, liable to all the penalties imposed by the
laws of war, having no rights under the Consti-
tution, and at the mercy of our Government. I
know we have at tunes by our legislation been in
conflict with this view, but Congress, the courts,
and the people are tapidly correcting the errors
of the past. The laws of war are well defined
and eleatly understood.
Money and wealth, the products of agricul-
ture and commcrce, are said to be the sinews of
war, and as necessary to conduct it as numbers
and physical force. Hence it is that the laws of
war recognize the right of a belligerent to cut
these smews of the power of the enemy by cap-
turing his propyl ty, not only on the high seas,
but on land in the hostile teriitoiy. The piop-
erty thus taken is not confiscated under the Con-
stitution after conviction for treason, but by vir-
tue of the laws of war. Vattel, page 125, says:
" Everything, thciefore, which belongs to the nation, to
the State, to the sovereign, to the subjects ot whatevorage
or se\—evemhmg of that kind, I say, talN under the <fe-
seiiption of thing- heloncum to the t'nomy. As to landed
estate, piopeityor this kind does not cease to be eneinv's
pioperty, though possessed by a ncuti.il foieigncr, since
the owner la rcnidlitit in the hostile country." * * *
We have a nirht to deprive our enemy of his possesion
of everything winch may augment Ins stremrth and enable
linn to make war.1' (Page J49.) * * * "In
tine, we seize on the enemy's towns, his provinces,"' &c.
But it is claimed that under the humane policy
of modern times, and by the later decisions of our
courts, the rigid rules of confiscation of enemy's
property have been relaxed. This I grant is true
to a certain extent; but the law remains, and when
the sovereign power of a nation demands the ex-
ecution of the law in its rigor the courts will exe-
cute that law. Chief Justice Marshall, in the case
of Brown vs. The United States, 8 Cranch, 110,
says:
" Respecting the power of Mm Government, no doubt is
entertained. Tli,it ivar fives !o [lie sovereign full risht to
take the persons and confiscate the propeity of th" enemy
wheiever found is conceded. The mitigations of this rigid
rule, which 111o humane and wise policy of modern times
has introduced into practice, will more or less affect tlio
exercise of this right, but cannot impair the right itself.
That remain= undiminished; and when the sovereign au-
thouty shall choose to bring it into operation the judicial
department must give effect to its will."
This power is exercised under the war power
granted in the Constitution, and which is without
limitation.
Under this view, it follows that we may seize
the real estate in fee; we may seize all the slaves
within the hostile territory, emancipate them, arm
•them, and use them in any way to weaken the
enemy and strengthen the Government.
The framers of our Constitution wisely placed
no restriction upon the war powers of the Gov-
ernment. When a state of war exists the Con-
stitution authorizes every act that the law of na-
tions justifies toward our enemy, even though
that enemy consists in communities who once
owed and still owe a paramount allegiance to the
Constitution of the United States.
With what show of reason or of justice can it
be claimed that while this enemy is confronting
us, defying our authority and our laws, while it
is necessary for us to sacrifice billions of money
and hundreds of thousands of the best men in the
land, we shall at the same time exert the power
of Congress to preserve and protect the property
of this enemy to be turned over to them unharmed
at the end of the war? Is there anything in the
character of this revolt that requires us to exer-
cise clemency toward the slaveholding, landhold-
ing class who were its instigators, and who now
control and direct it?
No act of the Government could bo pointed out
treating this people with injustice. So far from
it they ruled and.controlled it for along series of
years to uphold and maintain slavery. Fearing
that the General Government could no longer be
used for the exclusive benefit of the slavehold-
ers, they instigated this revolt, to establish out of
the territory of the United States a slave empire,
to make perpetual an aristocracy founded upon
the idea that capital should own labor. Since
Satan with his infernal peers revolted against
Deity, history or poetry furnishes no example of
a revolt so causeless, and having for its object so
diabolical a purpose.
The dictates of justice" and humanity alike re-
quire that the fomenters of this rebellion, those
who infused into it organization and life-blood,
shall be punished to the extent permissible by
the laws of war. The great body of the people
of the South are entitled to be treated with leni-
ency, and should be so treated. Those who, from
ignurance, were induced to enlist, those who by
force were conscripted, should in the end receive
the clemency of the Government; but for the
leadeis expatriation, annihilation, or death is the
only remedy. It has been truly said that this is
a landholder's as well as a slaveholder's rebellion.
It is estimated, by careful computations from the
census tables of 1860, that four fifths of all the
lands m the rebellious States are owned by slave-
holders, and that one third of the slaveholders
own two thirds of these lands. About one in
fifty of the whole population of the South holds
slaves. So that it the lands of the leading con-
spirators were seized by the Government and
wrested from them, not more than one out of
every hundred in the South would be affected by it.
I ask Representatives, shall everything else be de-
stroyed that these few thousand slaveholders with
their immense plantations shall live? Justice de-
mands that the diabolical spirit which fanned into
flame this revolution and now keeps it burning
shall expiate its crime by a forfeiture of all lthas
to the Government it seeks to overthrow. These"
estates of malignant and unrepenting rebels, con-
fiscated to the Government under the laws of war,
or seized under the revenue laws becausc aban-
doned by their owners, becoming the property of
the United States, what shall be done with them?
We are entitled to use them so as to best promote
the interests of the whole country. We should
not sell them, because they would be purchased
in large tnacts by speculators who have grown
rich by the war, and who would use them as did
the masters who have abandoned them. They
are the rightful inheritance of those who have
fought our battles and reclaimed them fiom the
control of the usurpation that now makes war
