THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
Affairs of this House have before them memorials
and petitions more or less connected with this
subject, which involve an inquiry how far the
operations of the Military Academy at West
Point may be secured elsewhere, by aid and en-
couragement to the States. That is, how far
military schools can be carried on, without the as-
sistance of the Federal Government, on private
account. It may be that some legislation to be
undertaken by this House will be hereafter sub-
mitted from the Committee on Military Affairs
that may approach in some degree what is de-
sired. With the view of having the whole sub-
ject considered by the Committee on Military
Affairs, I intend to submit that motion at the
proper time, if the bill be not hastily passed un-
der the demand for the previous question.
The amendment was agreed to
The Clerk read as follows:
For enlargement of chapel, $6,000.
Mr. STEVENS. Supposing that they will he
able to get along with the old chapel a little longer,
I move to strike that out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr STEVENS. I only wish to say in answer
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who
is the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, that it seems to me that this, during a
great war, is a bad time to reconstruct the Mili-
tary Academy. I cannot agiee that it should be
suspended now. These appropriations are neces-
sary to carry it on for next year, and I hope that
the gentleman and his committee will prepare their
bill to take effect in the future. These appropri-
ations are necessary for the present organization
of the Academy.
Mr. SCHENCK. X simply desire to call the
attention of the gentleman to the fact that there
would be a great deal of force in his objection if
this appropriation were not for the year ending
the 30ih of Juno, I8C5. The application of tins
appropriation will not commence for a period of
six months. During that time we may agree on
some other plan. This being .so, 1 do not think
that the remarks of the gentleman are applicable.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee rise
and reportthe bill and amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Lovk.toy reported that the
Committeeof the Whole on the slate of the Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the Military Academy appropri-
ation bill, aud had instructed him to report the
same back to the House with amendments, and
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr, SCHENCIv. I hope we shall vote that
down.
The question was put; and the House refused
to second the call fur the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs; and
on that motion 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. If the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio be voted down, will not the ques-
tion recur on the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
not be exhausted until the bill has been engrossed
and read n thiid time, if the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio shall be voted down.
The main question was then ordered; being
first upon Mr. Schock's motion.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; rwid the motion was
disagreed to.
The amendments leported from the Committee
of the Whole on the stateof the Union were sev-
erally read and agreed to.
The lull was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oideied.
Mr. SPALDING- demanded the yeasandnays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then proceeded,as the regular
order of business, to call the States for resolutions,
commencing; where the call was last left off, with
the State of Pennsylvania.
EXEMPTION EXAMINATIONS.
Mr. COFFROTH. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Military Committee he directed imme-
diately to inquire into the expediency of amending the act
entitled " An act fur e.mollmg and calling out the national
foices, and :orotherpurpose-," approvedMaich 3,1863, to
compel the provost marshals of the ilifteieut congressional
districts to hold then exiiininationsforphyaieal disability, or
any other cause of exemption, at the county town of each
county in the respective congressional districts.
I want to say but a single word upon this ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman debates the
resolution it goes over, under the rule.
Mr. COFFROTH. Then I move the previous
question, and I ask permission of the House to
say'a single word.
Several Members objected.
The previous question was not seconded.
•The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
CONSTITUTIONALITY OF CONSCRIPTION ACT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, submitted
the following preambleand resolution, upon which
he demanded the previous question:
Wheicas the snpieinc judicial tribunal of the State of
Pennsylvania ha* solemnly decided that the act of Con-
gress, appioved M.ueh 3. 1863, commonly called the eon- j
script ion act, is, in lis. piovi ion«, con f rat y to and in viola-
tion ot the CouMiiution of the United States, and thcreiore
null and void • Therefore,
Resolved, That it istiie sworn duty of the executive de-
paitinent of the Government 10 either acquiesce in that
dect-ion within that Stale, or to hung the question involved
before tin; Supreme Com t of the United Sute^for final ad-
judication, to tiu; end that, it Congiess shall deem such
iegNdUon neeessaiy, <1 bill may he piepared which shall not
be subject to constitutional objection-!,.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope my colleague will
withdraw that resolution. He must know that
since that decision was made Pennsylvania has
overruled the decision. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 43; as follows:
YF.AS—Allev, Alh<on, Ante?, Andeivon, Ar-
I nold, Ashlev, Rath, John iJ. Hahhvm, Be.im.tn, Uouivvell,
I Boyd, Biandegec, Uioomall, Ainbiose VV. Clatk, Freeman
J (Jl.uk", Cobb, Cole, Cie-well, Uouiy Winiei Davif, Uawc-,
I Deunng, Divon, Donnelly, J)rigg>, Dumont. Eckley, Eliot,
| FaiiibWoiih, Fenton, Flunk, Uauson, Gooch, Gnnnell,
j Hale, lligbv, [Ioop"r, HouMikns, A&ahel W. Hubbaid,
John II. Iltiblnud, Jenckes, Julian, IC;won, Longyear,
Lovejoy, MoCluig, Melmloe, Samuel F. Millei, Mooiliead,
iM01 nil. Daniel .M011 is. A1110-4 M) eis, Leonaul Myers, Nor-
ton, Od< II, Chuile- O'Neill, Orth, Pike, Pikc. William II.
Randall, Alexander II. Kicc, John H. Kice,'Edward II.
Itollins, Schenck, Seolield, Shannon; Sloan, Smith, Smith-
es, Spaldiny, Stevens, Thoma*, Tracy, Up^on, Van Valk-
onbuigh, Flihu tt. Wushlmrne, William B. Washburn,
Willi,mis, Wilder, Wimlom, and Wmtield—80.
NAYS—Mcpms. Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss,
Brook.--, Colhoth, Cox, Dawson, Dcmii<on, Eden, Edger-
ton, Eldiidgc, Finck, Glider, Hall, Harding, Benjamin G.
Harris, Chailes M. Hani.*-, Ilolman, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liam Johnson, Le Blond, Long, McDowell. McKmncy,
Middletou, Monisou, Nelson, Nohie, John O'Neill, Pen-
dleton, Peuy, Hotels, ltos-*, Scott, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stiles, Strode, Sweat, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. Wlut< , dud Fernando Wood—43.
So the resolution was laid 011 the table.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, mfoimed the House that the Senate |
had passed joint resolution No. 14, to supply, in I
part, deficiencies in the appropriations for the
public printing, and to supply deficiencies m the
appropriations for bounties to volunteers, with
amendments; m winch he wus directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask whether
the morning hour has expiied?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI HOME GUARD AOATN.
The business first in order on the Speaker's
table was a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of the 17th
instant, the report of the commissioners appointed
to examine and report upon the claims of the of-
ficers and men employed in the Western depart-
ment, or department of Missouri; which was kid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The next business in order on the Speaker's
table was joint resolution H. R. No. 14, to sup^
ply, in part, deficiencies in the appropriations for
the public printing, and to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for bounties to volunteers, with
Senate amendments.
The fit st amendmen t of the Senate was reported,
to strike out all after the word " pay, " in line
nine, and insert as follows:
Provided, That no bounties except such as are now pro-
vided by law shall he paid to any persons enlisted aftei the
5th of January next.
Jind be it further resolved, That the money paid by dratted
poison^ under the act for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes, approved I3(J Match,
1863, shall be paid into the Tieaniry of the United States,
and tohn.il he drawn out on requisition, as in the caseo! other
public moneys; and the money *>0 paid sdiall be kept in tho
Treasury as a special deposit applicable only to the expenses
of the draft and the procuration of substitutes, and lor that
puipose it is hereby appropriated.
Mr. STEVENS. I muve that the House con-
cur in the Senate amendment; and on that I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and under its operation
the first amendment of the Senate was concuired
in.
The second amendment of the Senate was to
amend the title by striking out the words "and
piennums."
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House con-
cur in this amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the title was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the votes
by which the Senate amendments were concurred
in; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF THK OHIO.
Mr. MOORHEAD offered the following reso-
lution, and moved the previous question on its
adoption:
Whereas the value and usefulness of the Ohio river,
which passes through seven States of the Union, U fie-
quentl} mtcrfeied with by a seatciiy of water, so as toiea-
der it unuavignble for large or heavy boat*. Therefoie,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Alfa in be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety and expediency of
mipioving the navigation of said stieam, and lepoit by
bill 01 otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by inserting the Committee on Commerce
in lieu of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The pievious question is
pending, and no amendment is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust the
gentleman from Pennsylvania does not mean to
take jurisdiction of this subject from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MOORHEAD. No, sir; but I think this
is aveiy proper subject for the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the previous question.
Tellers were ordered ;and Mess-rs. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Mooriiead, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the'main question ordered.
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays on adopting the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. STEVENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes to four o'clock, p.m.) the House
adjourned.
