JMO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
spchusetts avenue to H street north; and along H
street north to Seventeenth street west, intersect-
ing the double-track road. Also, a double or sin-
gle-track road from the intersection of Seventeenth
street westand I street north, connecting with the
doable-track road at Seventeenth street west;
$long I street north to New Yoik avenue; along
New York avenue to Ninth street west; and along
Ninth street west to the Washington canal; with
the privilege of extending the said branch road at
any time along Ninth street west to M street north;
along M stieet north to Tenth street west; and
along Tenth street west to the Washmglon canal,
with the right to run public carriages thereon
drawn by horse power, at a rate of fare not ex-
ceeding five cents a passenger, for any distance be-
tween the termini of either of the mam railways,
or between the termini of either of the branch rail-
ways, or between either terminus of the main rail-
way and the terminus of either of the branch mil-
•Ways; but the use and maintenance of the road
&re to be subject to the municipal regulations of
the city of Washington within its corporate limits.
The capital stock of the company is to be not
less than two nor more than five hundred thousand
dollars, in shares of fifty dollars each, and they
are to have all the rights and privileges usually
granted to such corporations.
The Committee on the District of Columbia re-
ported the bill with amendments, the first of which
is in section one, line five, to insert among the
listofcorporatorsthefollowingpersons: " Frank-
lin Tenney, Matthew G. Emory, Samuel Fowler,
John Little, J. C. McKelden, Sayles J. liowen,
John H. Sommes, D. C. Forney."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move in that connection to
Strike out the name of Joseph L. Savage.
The amendment was agreed to. *
The next amendment of the committee was in
section twelve, line twenty-one, after the word
u money" to strike out tho words 44 or checksor
certificates of deposit, incloisod 'good' by the
president or cashier of some good solvent batik
or banks/' so that the proviso will road:
P)Ovtde<ljurther, That nothing shall be lorcived inpay-
ment of the twenty-five per cent, at the tune of Mib->eith-
ing except money. *■
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of (he committee was in
section twelve, line twenty-eight, alter the word
"company" to strike out the following words:
To meet within ten days theieatter lm the transaction
of lupine*.**; and at the expjt.uionof on<; yrai allot tlxsui-
gnimation of the company, the empoi.itoti heiein named
shall call a meeting ot thestocldiolders of h.ud companj,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section thirteen, line six, after the word *' direct-
ors" to strike out the following clause:
And tlie following-named <,nip>>iatoi> are hereby made
and constituted diieotoi-. toi the (Ii>i \e,u\ nainelv : Ab-x-
nndcr K Simpheid, Kieh.nd Wallaeli, I.ewi> ('lepliaif,
Fanmol P. Hrowtu Nathaniel VViUon. Joseph L. riavaye,
William \V. Rapluy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 desire to offer two or
three amendments to the bill. In section two,
line five, after the word "propeity," i move to
insert the words " and to license for their vehicles
or cars;" so that the section will ien.d:
That said road* shall be denned ieol estate, awl thev, to-
gether u ttb other real propeitv and prr-onai ptopciiyof
said body eorpot ate .shall be habit; to taxation, as otbei s ral
estate and pei^onal piupeitv, and to licence tor theii\ehi-
ele-s or ears, in thy cities aforesaid, uxt'-pt as hoeinal'tei
provided.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator explain
that amendment > I do not quite undnstand it,
Mr. TEN EYCK. Yes, sir. The objeetof it
is this: heretofore in this city under the corpora-
tion laws all carriages or public vehicles have been
subject to a license of ten dollars for the purpose
of increasing the revenue for the city to be appio-
priated in a way that any one can understand.
The other company pay this license, although
tiiis language is not expressly incorporated m
their chariot; and to avoid any difficulty on that
subject I propose this amendment that they shall
be subject to such licenses as carriages usually
are subjected to.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know whether there
should beany objection to that or nut. If i.-i a
provision which was not contained in tin* charter
granted tu the other company, and will be an im-
position of a tax on this company which was not
imposed on the other. I hardly know how far a
tax of this kind would be proper upon a convey-
ance of so public a character as a lailroad car.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I stated before that in pur-
suance of the ouginal custom in relation to car-
riages, the city has already imposed a tax upon
the ears now running on the Pennsylvania avenue
road, and the company have paid it without any
difficulty. Some individuals, however, have raised
a question that there might be a dispute created
on that subject inasmuch as it was not expressly
stated in the act incorporating the other road;
and in order to make that matter cleai, I have, at
the instance of the city authorities, proposed this
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have another amend-
ment; in section five, line six, after the word
"avenues," to insert the words "and the sower-
age thereof;" so that the section will read:
That nothing in this aet dial I prevent the Government at
any time, at their option, lrom altei m« the crude or other-
wise impioving all avenues and streets occupied by &aid
KM<^, oi the city of Washington tioio .so .Uteung or im-
piovingsueh street? mid avenues and the sewerage thereof
as may be under their contiol.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I cannot foresee to what
extent the provisions of the sixteen!h section may
be earned; but lean imagine that very serious
injmy may be done to tho rights of the city if it
should be adopted. 1 therefore move to Ktnko
out the sixteenth section m the following words:
Pec. 13. J!nd be it fu> thci cnacted, That the mayor, com-
mon eouneil, and the ^eveial mlicei-. of the eoipoiation of
the cit} of YVashniirton, and the said eoipoiation, is hereby
ptolubited from dome any act or thing io hinder, delav, or
ob-iiuet the con^tiuouon or opciation ot said laihoad, as
lier< m authorized.
It might well be that certain rights of the city
might be invaded by this company, and this sec-
tion would prevent the city from appealing even
to the courts of law for the purpose of having any
redress or having their rights protected in the
slightest possible degree. It is pioposed to pro-
hibit them Cv fiom doing any act or thing to hin-
dei, delay, or obstruct the construction or opera-
tion ofwaid railroad." It seems to me there is no
necessity for any such provision; and it would
perhaps do great injustice to the interests of the
city if it should be allowed to stand in the bill.
Mr. MOIUULL, Mr. President, I believe this
section is precisely like the section m the bill in-
corporating the former railroad company, 1 have
heai d of no difficulty arising between the city and
the company on that account; and I can hardly
conceive that any piactical question could arise.
The Senator from New Jersey should consider
t bat in other portions of the bill this railroad com-
pany is subjected in the location of Kk road to the
city councils; and, furthermore, that in the im-
provement of the streets, avenues, sewers, &c.,
they are by positive provision of the act subject
to the control and direction of the city councils.
Theieforc { can conceive of no oiherinterpretation
to be put upon tins section of the statute than that
the mayor and common council shall not unneces-
sarily intetfeie. There waseertamly no intention
to give the company a license to do any act winch
tlx y were not anthoii/ed by tins bill to do. As
certain poweis have been conf'eired on the city
councils to supervise to some extent the location
and construction of this road, the intention of the
committee was to negative the idea that they
should go anything beyond it; that, while they
are permuted to supervise the location of the road,
to see that it does not unnecessarily incommode
the citizens in the streets and avenues and public
sewei s, they shall not at the saint tune be allowed
to do anything which will necessarily tend to the
hindrance or delay of the work. That is the in-
terpretation 1 put upon the section, and theiefore
i do not see that if is objectionable.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 do not piopose to ex-
tend the remarks on this subject, but I wish to
say a word in answer to the Senator from Maine,
Suppose th«.s company should not observe the
trims of this very chaiter in the location of their
load or m the manner in which it is to be com-
pleted: suppose shey should utteily disiegaid it.
Hy this s< <.f iho a< t, the city would be pre-
cltuhd fi.-io 'e.istng its voice or i-ppealing to the
courts for the purpose of requiring a legitimate
petformance of the duties of this corporation under
this act. 1 see no necessity for such a prohibi-
tion. There may be no necessity arising for the
exercise of any such right on the part of the city;
but I can conceive a state of things which would
render it highly important and necessary that they
should have some right to appeal even to a court
of justice in the city, in order to compel these cor-
porators to perform their duties undei the charter.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will ask the Senator who
has charge of this bill if there is a provision in it
making the charter subject to the future action of
Congress?
Mr. MORRILL. There is.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I think this provis-
ion is hardly desirable; but if it is in the other
charter it seems to me we ought to make them
nearly alike, and then pass an amendatory law
applicable to both. I should like to propose au
amendment to this charter, but I hardly like to
do so unlessitcan be made applicable to the other
company. I think when the company fails to
provide passengers with seats the fare ought to
be lowered. We regulate the fare. We say that
it is worth so much to ride the length of the route,
or as far as the passenger chooses to go. I think
it ought not to be so much if they do not provide
seats for all the passengers. The passengers
should pay something, perhaps a cent if a man
stands; and then a man can ride or not, as he sees
fit. But I do notliketoput such a provision upon
this charter without inserting it also in the other;
and 1 hardly like to propose to amend another
charter in this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. This is over a much less profit-
able road.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir, that is so; but L
think it is very desirable to have two railroads.
I do not think one can do the business; but I do
not suppose this will be by any means as profit-
able as the other road; and if we hamper it with
restrictions and disabilities not imposed on the
other road, it may not be built at all. I do not
know what are the probabilities of its being built,
but I suppose the road will not be a very profit-
able one.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not understand the
force of the argument of the Senator from Rhode
Island. To go to the legitimate extent of it, it
amounts to this: because you have chartered one
company in the city of Washington, though that
charter may be filled with inaccuracies,and many
matters which weie very essential may have been
overlooked, therefore you cannot remedy the de-
fects which have become apparent subsequently
or which have suggested themselves to the mind
of legislators without interfering with the rights
of some other persons holding another clnntor.
1 think, as nothing is perfect that is invented, that
we ought to perfect as we go along, and as it
occuis to us.
I do not mean to continue the discussion. I
have brought the matter to the attention of the
Senate, which is the guardian of the city m this
particular; and as I think the section is an im-
proper one, 1 have moved to strike it out.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does this section apply
to the construction of the road or to the construc-
tion and working of the road.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Only the construction,
Mr. ANTHONY. Then the provision so far
as respects that charter probably would have no
effect,
Mr. GRIMES. It applies both to the construc-
tion and opciation of the road. This section is
an exact transcript of the section of the bill passed
two years ago for the other corpoiation,
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I think we ought to
make the chatters about alike, and amend them
both by another bill. I should be m favor of
striking this section out of this charter and the
other too; but we should do it in asupplementary
i bill applicable to both.
| Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say a few words
I in explanation of this provision of the bill. It
i will be seen, as I believe I have already stated,
j that by the general provisions of the bill, in the
i construction and operation of this road the com-
' pany is subjected to the supervision of the city
; council in very many particulars as to the streets,
I avenues, sewerage, &c, Considering that fact,
j the committee deemed it necessary to insert a
i provision that in the exercise of that power they
