94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
of Rhode Island, and John* w. Chanler, ofNew
York.
CARMACK AND RAMSEY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following letter of the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, in answer to a resolution of the House,
adopted yesterday; which was read, laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed:
Treasury Department, Comptroller's Office,
Washington, December 23, 1863.
Sir: I have tlie honor to acknowledge the receipt of the
House resolution, adopted the 22d instant, requesting the
Comptroller to suspend further proceedings in reference to
the claim of Caraiack & Ramsey, until the further action
of Congress touching the same.
And I have the honor to inform the House that the case
was argued and submitted for decision on the 15th instant
by counsel of the claimants, and counsel representing the
Post Officc Department; but on the 16th Instant, and before
ftirthepeonsideration of the case, upon being informed of
the introduction of aresolution on the subject in the House,
I immediately announced to counsel of the claimants that
the decision of the claim would be postponed, and await
the action of Congress. This course i thought due to the
House, without special request on the part of that body.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient seivant,
'it W. TAYLOR, Comx>tr oiler.
Hon. Schcyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
REPORT OP GENERAL M'CLELLAN.
Tiie SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter of the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
compliance with the resolution of the House" the
report of Major General George B. McClellan of
the organization anil operations of the army of
the Potomac when under his command; which was
laid upon the table, and ordeteil to be printed.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That ton thousaiul copies of the official rcpuit
of Major Geueial McClellan, not including the accompany-
ing documents, bo printed fortho use of tire members ot'tlie
present House,
A Member. How many?
Mr. COX. Ten thousand copies. It is the
same number as that of General Pope's report
winch was ordered to be printed.
The resolution was adopted.
IMPROVEMENT OF ?1IE OHIO.
The SPEAKER stated that the next question
ill order was the consideration of the following
resolution,submitted by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Mooriiead,] the pending question
being to strike out "Committee on Naval Aft'airs"
and insert " Committee on Commerce:"
Whereas the value and usefulness oftlie Ohio river, which
pnsyc  through b^vt n States <>| the Union, is frequently in-
terfered Willi by a scarcity of water, so ua to render it uu-
naviguble for Jnigoor heavy boats: Theieforo,
Retolved, Timt the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety and expediency of im-
proving the navigation of said sticam, and lenort by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. MOORHEAD. To do away with the
necessity for the previous question, and for the
yeas and nays, which have been ordered, 1 will
modify the resolution so that it shall have refer-
ence only to naval and other purposes. That, I
think, will letnove the objection of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne."!
Mr. WASI1CURNE, of Illinois. If the House
agicos to that modification, I will withdraw my
motion to refer to the Committee on Commerce.
1 objected yesterduy because 1 thought that the
Committee on Ntival Affairs had no jurisdiction
of the subject; and f ui thei, because I did not think
that it was right to take it away from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, where it properly belonged.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
arrears of fay.
Ml. FEATON introduced a bill to facilitate
the payment of bounties and arrears of pay duo
fot the services of wounded and deceased soldiers;
which was lead a fust and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
report ON internal revenue.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent or the House to introduce a joint resolution
to provide for the printing of the report made by
the Superintendent of Internal Revenue to the
{secretary of the Treasury.
1 would simply say, Mr. Speaker, with the con-
sent of the House, that previous to the establish-
ment of this Department, we have ordered the re-
ports of the Indian Bureau, of the Pension Bureau,
and of some other bureau—I forget which of them
—to be printed. This report in reference to in-
ternal revenue is of great interest throughout the
country, and there is no provision for having the
report printed. I hope the House will pass the
resolution.
The joint resolution received its first and second
readings, was ordered to be engrossed and read a
thiidtime; and being engrossed, was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIEIRS OF DR. SYLVESTER NASH.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. Syl-
vester Nash and Betsy Nash; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. PENTON. I hope the committees may
be called, and that then there may bo unanimous
consent for the introduction of bills for reference
onlv.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think we
had better have the regular order of business.
Mr. LAW. I wish the gentleman would with-
draw that call for one moment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I ask leave to submit a res-
olution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
TheSPEAKER proceeded,as the regular order
of business, to call the committees for reports.
BUR10AU OF MILITARY JUSTICE.
Mr. SCIIENCK, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, bill of the House No. 49,
to create a Bureau of Military Justice.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and the substi-
tute was ordered to be printed.
TIIE ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill to repeal section
three, and part of section ten, of an act entitled
"An act for enrolling and calhngout the national
forces, and for other purposes,"'approved March
3, 1863.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The first section of the bill repeals the third sec-
tion of the conscription act, and so much of the
tenth section of that act as provides for a separate
enrollment of two classes, and provides that the
two classes mentioned m the third section of said
act shall be consolidated.
The second section provides that the bill shall
take effect and be in full force from and after its
passage.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to explain, with the
permission of the House, that the whole effect of
this bill is simply to abolish the distinction of
classes, and to make the draft operate upon all be-
tween the agesof twenty and forty-five. Thatis
the whole scope of the bill. There is nothing else
in it. That is the one amendment in regard to
which the Committee on Military Affairs were
unanimous, and it seems important that itshould
be acted on at once. I ask that the House will
now consider the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 should like a little longer
time to think of this bill. It proposes to make a
very important change in the law. The law now
allows married men between the ages of thirty-
five and forty-five to be exempt from the first
class, and provides thatnotonly the marriedmen
under that age shall go into that class, but all
single men up to the age of forty-five. That is
the law now, as I undeistand it..
But there were nine months' men who were
out in service at the time the law was passed,
who have been in many battles. I know that the
Pennsylvania nine months' men have lost about
one half the number that they took out, and this
amendment will affect them. Tliey are now in
the second class; but if this bill passes, they will
be enrolled in the same class with those who have
nevei been out at ail, and who have never served
the country in any degree.
Now, I am not very well satisfied that that !
should take place.^ I think it better that the law j
should stand as it is, for the present at least, antH
that it should be so arranged that those who have
already been m service shall not be drafted until
the others shall be drafted who have not been in
the service at all. But the bill, as it now stands,
will bsing those who have just got out of the ser-
vice riiihi hack on to the enrollment list, and make
them ha' ie to draft. I think that wrong.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, if
the chairman of the Committee on Militaiy Af-
fairs had reported a bill to repeal entirely the law
referred to, i should have been in favor of his prop-
osition to consider the subjectat this time; butas
itis merely a proposition to amend thatlaw, which
is full of defects, and which requires such a gen-
eral amendmentand modification to makeiteffect-
ive, either as a revenue measure or as a measure
to recruit our failing armies, I am in favor of
time to deliberate upon it, and to give it the con-
sideration which it requires. Therefore I hope
that we shall notact on the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio at tiiis time. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the reading of
the third and tenth sections of the enrolling act.
The sections w< re read by the Clerk.
Mr. STEVENS. If itis in order, I will move
an amendment to the bill.
TheSPEAKER. It is not in order now. The
pending question is to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
which is not debatable.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask leave to make a re-
mark in reply to the objections made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.Stevens.] Con-
sidering the bill in its various effects on persons
between the ages and of the classes provided for
in the original bill, it will be seen that there is a
good deal to be said on both sides. So far as mar-
ried men between the ages of twenty and thirty-
five are concerned, they are subject now to the
draft. It will be remarked that, notwithstanding
the early marriages in this country, such men,
in the ordinary course of nature, cannot well be
called into the field without leaving young chil-
dren behind them. And if you consider the mar-
ried men between the ages of thirty-five and foi ty-
five, that objection does not apply with the same
force; for in most instances, and especially as le-
gards that class of men in the interior of the coun-
try, farmers^ and other working men, to be af-
fected by this bill, they are usually in such con-
dition, as regards the ages of their families, as to
be better able to leave home than are those mar-
ried men between the ages of twenty and thirty-
five, who constitute the first class.
I do not, however, piopose to occupy the time
of the House now by discussing a matter which,
it seems to me, lies so plainly on the surface that
every one must have made up his mind as to the
propriety of abolishing or not abolishing this dis-
tinction of classes. As 1 said before, that was the
only subject on which the committee seemed to
be unanimous. The gentleman on the other side
[Mr. Fernando Wood] objects to the whole en-
rolling act,and would rather see a hill introduced
for its entire repeal. I may say to him that while,
perhaps, no such bill will be introduced, certainly
no such bill will be reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs. And yet that committee has been
assiduously engaged in a revision of that whole
act, with a view to its amendment in several other
particulars, regarding questions of exemption and
other matters. This, however, was an amend-
ment for which there appeared to be urgency
now, before the adjournment of both Houses;
and being instructed accoidingly to present a bill
embracing this one featuie at this time, and no
other, reserving everything else for future report
and consideration of the House, i hope that the
House will vote down the motion to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that this bill will receive, as I believe will be
the next consequence, a vote upon us merits,and
will be passed. I move the previous question on
its engrossment and third reading
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to propose an amendment before he
moves the previous question. It is to provide
that this act shall not affect the condition of those
persons who were in military service at the time
the act was passed to which this is an amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir. The bill, as it
