2116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
was formed and our Constitution framed to se-
cure the blessinge of liberty, not to promote and
perpetuate inequality. Thomas Jefferson said:
"The opinion that they [the colored race] are inferior
in the faculties of reason and imagination must be haz-
arded with great diffidence."—Jefferson's Works, volume
8, page 386.
He said afterwards:
<k I expressed those views, therefore, with great hesita-
tion, but whatever be their decree of talent it is no meas-
ure of their right. Because Sir Isaac Newton was supe-
rior to others fn understanding he was not therefore loid
of the person and property of others."
It is the duty of the Government to give the
colored man at least an equal chance with our
own race in the settlement and cultivation of the
soil in his native land. To tins he is entitled upon
every principle of equity and justice. These
slaves have purchased these Jand's over and over
again, many times, by their sweat and toil through
many long years of oppression, and have been
compelled to support unrequited the aristocracy
which is now .seeking to destroy the Govern-
ment. Lotus deal justly with them in order that
we may claim justice for ourselves. Degraded
as they have been by long years of oppression,
the white race need not fear them in the race for
power. Having vouchsafed to them the boon of
freedom, let us by our policy seek to elevate
ihem to the condition of freemen. Do* they not
deserve from us some consideration? Their
blood mingled with thatof our fathers in achiev-
ing the rich inheritance of freedom purchased by
iho sacrifices of the Revolution. They acted well
their part in our last stiuggle with Great Britain;
and in the war now being waged against us, the
first moment opportunity was given they lushed
eagerly to the field of contest, where the black
ilag and no quarter awaited them, knowing that
to them the field of battle was victory or death,
and that, too, in defense of a Government that has
long withheld from them the pay due to those
who wear the soldier's uniform and defend the
emblem of our muiotfality.
[ envy not the man who will in thelight of the
heroic achievements at Fort Wagner, Poit Hud-
son, and Milhkon's Bend, and in the face of the
barbarous and -bloody mnssucies at Fort Pillow
and Plymouth, stand up in the American Con-
gress and advocate the withdiawal from our armies
of the sable sons who exhibit such heroism and
make such sacrifices. Nor do i envy the polit-
ical party that will record its united vote against
paying to these men the just toward of a soldier
of the United States. _ IV!r. Speaker, ttay have
not only evinced a willingness to enlist in our
armies, but in the States in rebellion they have
been our only reliable friends. Everywhere our
generals receive their most useful and reliable in-
formation from this oppressed race, who hail the
approach of our armies as the harbinger of free-
dom to them. They have at every sacrifice ad-
ministered to the wants of our soldiers, whenever
and wherever opportunity presented. A single
incident attending the escape of our prisoners from
Richmond attests their devotion to our cause and
the brave men lighting its battles. A prisoner
says:
" Sonic of Captain Phelps's party and othoi* were pur-
sued and fin d upon. All of them kept out of tin; Mght of
whiter, hut m^t"d implicitly the hlaeks and never had
their tin^t ix'tinveil. After the lintoflieeiN had discovered
thenwlves tothe negroes and asked fortood, on Mio Chiek-
ahominv, liie negioe-, organized into relief t-ijuad* and
searched the wood*, for the fugitives, eanying iln-m (ond
from their scanty rations, and helping them in every wav
in their power."
Is it not the duty of the Government to justly
recognize the generous devotion thus exhibited?
Will the advocates of " the Union as it was"
still say that this sublime hcromm, these gieaf
sacrifices, only deserve chains and slavery, and
that the one hundred and thuty thousand colored
men now serving in our aimies shall be with-
drawn from confronting the enemy, and be ie-
manded to perpetual bondage, and subjected to
the vengeance of rebel masters? Let them make
up their record. But let it not be said of us on
this side of the House that we failed to recognize
these heroic qualities; but rather that we had
the justice and magnanimity to extend to them the
fostering care and protection of the Government
that they in common with us are seeking to main-
tain and perpetuate.
But, say the Opposition, why give them lands
which they will nottilP They say the negroes
free are idle and will not work for themselves.
There never was an argument or statement so ut-
terly fallacious. Will not work! The statistics
of industry and population show that they are
industrious when opportunity is given. Look at
Maryland; an example almost within sight of
this Capitol. Free negroes comprise one'eighth
of the population. The people of that State have
always relied upon the labor of these negroes; and
recently, by a majority of more than fifteen thou-
sand, have decided in favor of immediate and un-
conditional emancipation as the true policy of the
State.
New Orleans, as appears by the ccnsus of 1860,
contained in that year a population of one hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand; of these fifteen
thousand were free colored, ten thousand were
slaves, and the remainder whites. The free col-
ored men were taxed for an average of $1,000 to
each person, while the whites were taxed for only
$732 to each person. How have they acquired
this wealth if not by their own industry ? Some
of the wealthiest inhabitants of the city of Charles-
ton,South Caiohna,are the free colored popula-
tion. Experience demonstrates at Port Royal
and elsewhere, where the freed men have been per-
mitted to occupy abandoned lands and cultivate
them, that they are industrious and prosperous,
accumulating property and improving the lands
allotted to them.
The results of emancipation in the English and
French colonies prove thai the freedmen asaclass
are industrious.
Lord Stanley, in 1842, characterized the transi-
tion from slavery to liberty in the following teims:
•'The negroes are happy and satisfied ; they give them-
selves to labor; they have ameliorated then manner of
living, and mciea>ed their eomfoit; while crime* have
diminished, their moial habits have become better."
He further says:
"The n umbei of negroes who oceanic freeholders through
then indu-tiy and economy amounted in the whole island
of Jamaica to two thousand one huudiedand fourteen m
IMS, under the apprentice system, winch was abolished in
that > ear, and the numbei increased to seven thousand three
liuiuhcd and toity two >ears altenvariis.'1'
In Jamaica, the most important of the slave
colonies, the freedmen, in four years, expended
for the purchase of lands and the erection of
houses more than four million francs. Of the
eighty-two thousand slaves emancipated in Gui-
ana fifteen thousand nine hundred and six had
become freeholders in 1843.
A colonist of Jamaica in 1851 says:
'• It may be tmpp'xod that the white* have the preemi-
nence theie." * * * * Hut apait Iroin that pre-
eminenec which kmiU.j fromwalih and imelli onee in
cveiy community, the wlnti-5 have no puviiege ovei tiioir
tellow-cjuzen.N. \Vc bave piovcd by oxpeuenee that the
eoloied man can raiM' lum>clf to the fu-4 lank of civil so-
ciety and hold lu  place theie a- well as any Euiopeau bv
origin.''
On all these points the Fiench testimony ac-
cords completely with the English reports.
After emancipation the aggregate commerce of
the Fiench colonies increased. The value of pi o-
ductions increased, notwithstanding the unfavor-
able legislation of the French Assembly. It is
tiue,foi three years aftei emancipation exports
largely fell off, but recovered again in five yeais;
and in ten years, in some of the islands, doubled.
Both be lure and after emancipation in the Eng-
lish and Fiench colonies the home Governments
sought to increase colonial production by encour-
aging the mnnigiation of lured laborers.
This expei mientdid not ptove successful, from
a variety of causes. But Jt did prove that the
lured laborers from Africa were the most indfls-
trious ami Icabt vicious. In other words, it is
from the African lace that laboreis are bonovved
j desinud to u-place other Africans who arc ac-
cused of idleness and vice.
Is it likely that tins great wnik of emancipation
could have progressed until the stain of slavery now
irsis upon but one nation of fcluiope had its lesults
shown the black race unfit for freedom? In some
instancosdisturbancecs and msutrections followed
emancipation; but in no instance were they the
result of it. The transition has generally been
peaceful. The emancipation of eight hundred
thousand slaves, on the same day and at the
same hour, in the English colonies, did not cause
as much distuibance as an election in some of
the Democratic wnrtlsin New Yoik city. Eman-
cipation was no more responsible for revolution
and oiubjealc in the colonies than was our Gov-
ernment responsible forthcriotofMr. Seymour's
friends last summer, or for the recent rebellion in
Illinois. Political demagogues in the colonies, in
some instances, took advantage of the ignorance
of the freedmen, the fruit of which was revolution,
as these riots were the legitimate tiuit of the
teaching of men in this Hall and out of it who
are now the allies, and who formerly were the
partisans, of those directing the rebellion.
The colored man with proper encouragement
is industrious, does acquire propei ty, and appre-
ciates with us the blessings of liberty, is ready
with us to die in its defense, and should receive
the generous encouragement of a magnanimous
people and the protecting ajgis of a just Govern-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, no man believes that the institu-
tion of slavery can survive this rebellion; when
destroyed it is our duty to protect the freedmen
in the conquered territory as well as the white
race. They live within our territory and will
continue so to live. I look upon any scheme of
colonization as iinpiacticable, and if practicable
pernicious in its results to the industry of the na-
tion. We need these freedmen to till our fields
and increase our production ;*there is now and
always will be in this country great demand for
free labor. We find ourselves compelled to de-
vise schemes to encourage immigration, therefore
sound policy prohibits the deportation of the four
million black laborers within our territory, and
duty requires of us to provide for them here by
such legislation as will encourage them to labor
for their support.
And let me here call the attention of gentlemen
on the other side of the House to the fact that
Congress has twice affirmed this policy of confis-
cation, that the courts have sustained it, that the
people appealed to have also sustained it, and
placed nearly every gentleman on that side of the
House in a minority at home, because they op-
posed this and other necessary measures for the
suppression of the rebellion. The people believe,
whether true or not, that the leaders of the Oppo-
sition love their old allies and friends, the slave-
holders, more than they love the Govcrnmentthat
protects them. They suspect the loyalty of those
who, professing sympathy with our cause, by
their words and actions give aid and eomfoit to
our enemies. They cannot understand the logic
that would teach them that, under the laws of
war, we can take the life of a rebel, but cannot
touch his property. They cannot believe that jus-
tice requires that the burdens of taxation shall fall
upon tiie loyal men of the North, who have lost
sons and brothers in this war, while those in aims
against us slxxll be protected in the full and com-
plete enjoyment of their property.
We must wrest the power of the southern States
fiom the hands of a land-owning, slaveholding
aristociacy, and restore it to the rightful posses-
sion of a whole people. We must labor for the
elevation of that people. To do this we must de-
stroy the present land system, first by confisca-
tion in fee, then by placing them within the reach
of every man who has a hand to labor or a fam-
ily to support. We must make the masses land-
owners if we would perpetuate the Republic.
Those who till the soil are and ever have been the
hope of the Republic. They fill our armies to-day.
Look at the quotas of troops furnished in the loyal
States, and-you find nearly always that the rural
districts tire in advance of requisitions. The very
nature of their pursuits inspires a love of coun-
try, and a patriotism to rally at its call.
The establishment of this system will be the
forerunner of the establishment of the free insti-
tutions of the Noith among that people. With
small faims and productive labor come free
schools, a puie religion, free churches, thriving
villages, manufacturing towns, colleges of learn-
ing, the growth of commerce, and all the blessings
of lepublican government. These established,
we shall realize as the result of our policy the
cnthionement of a republicanism which has lived
in theory but not in {act except in the free States
of this Union.
Mr. Speaker, our legislation should be for the
whole people and not for a class, thus dealing justly
towaid those who haveexperienced long years of
oppression under the banner of the Republic. If
we hope to attain success in this contest we must
giuuanty to all the privileges of religion, of fam-
ily, of property*, and of liberty. Then our final
