1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO^l
squeamish about this matter of emnloyinglndians !
and enlisting thorn if they see fit to volunteer, j
Any man who will wenr your uniform and sub- j
mit to the discipline of your Army, I do not care 1
what his color \>, nor where he was horn, will t'o j
for service in your winks; thc.t is my judgment; |
but what occasioned the surprise on hp/part was j
this fact: we have in the immediate neighborhood
in which I hve a small baud of Indians who for-
ineily lived in New York, known as the Oneida
Indians; .they arc farmers, they wear our cloth-
ing, speak our language, work as we do. In 1861,
tiiey were anxious toenhst when we first began to
raise volunteers, to be officered, of course, by our
own men, and to serve in our own regiments;
and at the request of some of them I wrote a let-
ter to the Secretary of the Interior asking per-
mission to recruit a company, of those Indians to
go into one of our regiments. The Secretary
wrote back to me that lie saw no objection to en-
listing them, but the President was opposed to it,
and therefoie we abandoned it. Last winter a
gentleman in our city wrote me again, saying that
these Indians were anxious to enlist, and that lie
could raise a couple of companies, and wished
me agnin to apply for permission to do so. I ap-
plied to the Provost Marshal General, and he told
me that he saw no objection to it himself, butthe
Secretary of War was firmly opposed to it. Two
applications, therefore, wete mode in behalf of a
tribe as faradvanced in civilization as any I know
of still maintaining the tribal character at all,
men speaking the language as well as most of us,
and following all our habits as closely as they
ought to follow them, to speak modestly; they
have been excluded. 1 was therefore veiy much
surprised to learn that Indians had been mustered
into the service in other sections of the United
States. I think, myself, there is no objection to it
if they will submit to our discipline.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let me ask the Sen-
ator what it is that constitutes the claim of the
Government upon the citizen for service. I un-
derstand it to be that the Governmentprotects the
citizen; that that is thegiound of the claim. Do
v/e not protcct these Indian tribes just as we pro-
tect white American citizens? Just across the
river from where I live isa tube of Indians whose
pioperty is as valuable as ours, who have as large
an amount of property pro rata as we have. We
extend to their homes the same protection that
we do to our homes, to their property the same
protection as to our property, to their families
the same protection as to our families. On this
side of the river we consci ipt our people, and yet
oil tiiis theory we excusi the Delaware and Pot-
tawatomie Indians who have as much intent? in
sustaining the Government as we have. They
have a fund here I suppose of one or two million
dollars besides the land; 'heir homes are as val-
uable as ours; and yet by this sickly sentiment-
ality wti propose to excuse them and call our own
people into the sei vice. The power, I insist, is
with the Government; the same power that we
exercise over our own people we have the power
to exercise over them; and the same indebtedness
that we owe to our Government they owe to our
Government.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator from Kan-
sas is entncly mistaken in stating tha*. they owe
any such debt as we owe, or that they get any
such protection as we g^t. I dn not know how
it is with the particular tribe to which he refers.
It must be a tribe standing in an attitude entirely
different from any other I know of if they get any
such protection or owe any such allegiance. It
a citizen of Kansas commits an offense within that
Territory, he may be amenable to our laws; but
if a member of-that tribe commits any offense
a°ainst another member of the tube or the mem-
ber of another tribe—if lie commits an offense
against the regulations of the Pottawatomie*, for
instance—our Government does not intetfeie, I
take it, does not alFord any protection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Certainly they do.
Mr. 110^E- 1 do not understand such to be
the general policy of the Government. They m-
teifere, I suppose, with force to put down an In-
dian war sometimes.
Air. LANE, of Kansas. They arc tried and
punished for murder in our courts, it ltd and pun-
ish* d for felony, not in oui State courts, but in
the Genetal Government courts, the district and
urcuit coui t > of the United States.
Mr. BROWN. I will say to the Senator from
Wisconsin that I have myself defended Indians
before the United States courts that were tiied for
murder.
Mr. WILKINSON. Murdering another In-
dian?
Mr. BROWN. Murdering a white man. That
is the same thing. If you have no jurisdiction,
how can you bring them there for tual?
Mr. HOWE. I take it there would be no diffi-
culty under our law in trying and convicting and
hanging a subject of Great Bi itain for murdering
an American citizen within the juiisdiction of our
laws.
Mr. BROWN. This was on their soil.
Mr. HOWE. We have jurisdiction through-
out our whole territory so far as our citizens and
subjects are concerned, but we do not have com-
plete jurisdiction overall persons within the ter-
ri Mr." RICHARDSON. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Il-
linois will allow me I was going to suggest to the
Senator from Missouri a substitute for ins amend-
mentsubstantially allowing the Secretary of War
to accept them as volunteers to be employed in
protecting the Indian Territory and the other
Territories where any part of the hostile force is
composed of Indians.
Mr. BROWN. I will say to the Senator from
Wisconsin very frankly that I offered this amend-
ment under a sense of duty, that it was right that
we should provide for a conscription there of the
able men among them to assist us in our military
organization. Believing that we shall only get it
by a consciiption, and that we shall notattainthc
end by voluntary enlistment, and believing that
the nation has the right to call upon them, I shall
decline to withdiaw the amendment, and shall de-
cline to accept the amendment proposed to it. I
do not wish to protract debate; the Senate can
substitute anything for it they see fit.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not think you have
the power to conscript the Indians; and in leply
to the Senator fioni Kansas I will simply state
this: he places it on the ground that you protcct
their property and ere therefore entitled to have
their service in defending the Government when
jt is menaced His statement proves too much.
There are many persons who are subjects of
Gieat Britain, of France, and nearly all the
European Powers who own property here, some
of them to a very huge extent. The Indian is
just as liable, and no moie so, to do service and
'be conscripted into your Army as a subject of
Gieat Britain or France who owns pmpeity in this
count! y. The Senator cannot apply his doctrine
to the subjects of those countries. Why? Be-
cause they would not permit it; it is notaccording
to the laws of nations nor our own laws. If you
cannot enforce it in inference to them you should
not enforce it m reference to the Indians. I pre-
sume there is but little question about the fact that
they are not citizens of this country. Certainly
not, where they have not destioyed their tribal
relations and settled inside the States or Terri-
tones, where they aie not connected with a hand
with which we make treaties. We make treaties
with these Indians evciy few days; when we go
into executive session wo have some treaty with
them. Do wc treat with our own people ? The
whole argument submitted by the Senator from
Kansas would apply just as well to a subject of
Great Britain owning property in this country.
I am opposed to the amendment. I understand
generally that we have the right to accept into our
service a foreigner who comes here, and uehavc
a light to accept the Indians. Wc have the clear
mht now, and the whole question hinges, as i un-
derstand it, on the proposition submitted by the
Senator from Missouri, and to that I am opposed.
Our °"00d lehuions, the peace ot the frontier set-
tlements, depends upon the fact of our paying the
annuities each year, year by year, and month by
month as wc have agreed to do it, promptly, it
is a fair contract and it ought not to be distui bed.
The money should be paid m my judgment by
this Government without enforcing any such
: obedience as is here proposed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to substitute for the
amendment of the Senator Irorn Mi^ouii the fol-
lowing:
That the s*eo<-taiy War i- authorized to receive into
the nuliUiy iviee of the United States I£irl* ot tribes
in tieaty with the United States, to be employed &s a parfc
of the military force of the United States for fftepufposeof
maintaining pcaee and protecting from hostile incursion,
the Indian Territory and other Territories whofe the ftos-;
tile or iuvadiu^ force is In whole or in part composed'of,
hostile Indians. - • ■
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1-do not expect-to vote
for either ot thO'"propositions now bfcfoVe the Sfcri-,'
ate; but lam not ready to say- that theGove'rJiment'
has not the power to compel the service ojflndiaii#
as well as other men. 1 do not understand that'
the Indians when in tribes are independent nations.
We have, for the purpose of carrying, out ot^r.
policy toward them, recognized them as in respect
to ourselves to some extent as independent tribe*
and nations, but in no other respe.ct; The Indian
tribes cannot negotiate a treaty with any other
people than ourselves; they cannot make terms
with any other people; they cannot sell their lands
to any other people; they cannot sell their lands
to our individual citizens. We permitthem to sell'
them to us as a people, or rather we by treaty ex-
tinguish their possessory light; but we do not
rccognize them for any other purpose except to'
carry out our policy toward them as a separate
people. I am not prepared to say that our laws
might not be made obligatory upon them individ-
ually. It is a question that I do not choose to
consider in giving a vote on this proposition, i
go against it for the simple reason that wly?n the.
Government of the United Stales is to be sup-
ported in war it should be by the people of the Uni-
ted States, I am not in favor of bringing into the
Army of the United States an inferior race. I do
not agree with Senators in the expression of opin-
ion so frequently made here that the indtansand
negroes are the equal of the white soldiers of the
United States. I am very far ftom agreeing wiih
the Senator from Kansas in saying that any Indian
troops have been equal in war to the white troops.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas I did not say that. I
said they had done valuable service.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood the Sena-
tor to express himself very earnestly, to say that
they had done valuable service, as valuable ser-
vice as any other regiments in the war. If he
does not occupy that position 1 do not desire
to make him occupy it. I think there are some
qualities requiied m a soldier that are not pos-
sessed by any inferior race. It requires the
highest qualities of manhood to make a good sol-
dier; not only physical power and courage, but
intelligence, judgment, skill; these are not pos-
sessed by an inferior race. I think we should
degrade our cause by bringing into our military
service the Indian tribes. It is against the senti-
ment of our people; it is against tho history of
our country. Upon these grounds 1 vote against
the proposition, rather than upon thegroundsof
[lower which have been discussed.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The whole effect of the
amendment 1 have offered is that they may be
accepted as volunteers, and it states the kind ot
warfare in which they shall be employed in the
Indian Territory to keep the peace, or in other
Territories where the hostile force is m whole or
in part composed o-f Indians. There is no objec-
tion to our employing Indians where Indians are
employed against us, certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no desire to
continue this discussion; but I desire to say, as
I said last week, that our Indian policy is an utter
failure. I said that a portion of these Indians
were vagabonds. They have been brought into
that condition by contact with the master race.
I have lived long enough in the West to know
that it is the fact that the inferior is brought into
contact with the superior race thatdebases them.
Our policy has not been such as togive them that
protection which the iufeiior race should have.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin to the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I vote against this on the
ground of expense.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think we shall have a
large number of Indian troops that we shall not
use under this amendment. That will be its
only effect,and I shall vote against it for that
reas<vrt'
