1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2117
triumph over the rebellion which seeks todeprive
the poor and oppressed of all these is certain under
theguidance of Hun who rules all and governsall.
"Though ilmk the wny* of-lumen seem,
Impartially she hold- the beam ;
Though oil hi'i swoiri lie wielded slow,
Unfailing Tails the dooming blow
Might to exalt and wiong t  o-erthrow."
That justice requires that we shall extend the
protection of the Government to all'those whom
we have called to battle in its defense by giving
to them the right to acquire and hold as theirown
the fruits of their labor.
But we must not permit the discussion of this
or kindred measures to divert us or the country
from the paramount duty before us, that of pros-
ecuting the war vigorously and earnestly until
the military powet of the rebellion is destroyed,
until all the men now in arms against us shall
either voluntarily or by compulsion lay down
their arms. In this consists our only hope and
safety; and to this primarily all our labors and
efforts must be directed. There is no road to
peace except through bloody war. Men may
talk of peace by compromise and concession, but
the day of compromise is past. Concession is
impossible. Radical principles cannot be com-
promised. War and restoration by conquest oil
the basis of liberty, or peace and disunion on the
basis of slavery, are the only alternatives pre-
sented to the American nation to-day. Can we
doubt which it will choose?
Mr. SLOAN obtained the floor, hut yielded to
Mr. JULIAN, who moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to.
And then (at forty minutes past nine o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 5, 18C4.
Prayer by the Right Rev. Thomas M. Clark,
Bishop of Rhode Island.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of S. C.
Bixby and others engaged in the express business
in Massachusetts, remonstrating against any
change of section ten of theactof March 3,18G3,
reguiating the manner of taxing such express
companies; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Indian Orchard, Massachusetts, remonstrating
against the extension of the patent of Charles
Goodyeat for the manufacture of vulcanized India
rubber; which was refened to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
UEPOIITS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (11. 11. No. 320) supplementary to
an act approved July 14, 1862, entitled " An act
to establish certain post loads, and for other pur-
poses," reported it without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
260) to change the name of the steamboat Gem,
of Wheeling, to Emma Boyd, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refei red a bill (S. No. 266) to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes, reported tt without
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a message
of the President of the United States, referring to
Congress the consideration of the expediency of
authorizing Surgeon Solomon Sharp to accept a
piece of plate offered to him by the British Gov-
ernment as an acknowledgment of his services in
the medical treatment of certain British naval offi-
cers at the naval hospital at Norfolk, repoited a
joint resolution (S. No. 51) authorizing the ac-
ceptance of a ceitain testimonial 1'iom the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Mary Wacontah and others, praying Congress
to authorize the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to lusue Sioux half-breed ceitificates, accompa-
nied by a bill (%. No. 47) to authorize the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to issue Sioux half-
breed certificates or scrip to certain persons therein
named, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 193) for the benefit and better manage-
ment of the Indians, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 251) for the relief of
John T.Jones, an Ottawa Indian, for depreda-
tions committed by white persons upon his prop-
erty in Kansas Territory, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 222) to extinguish
the Indian title to lands in the Territory of Utah
suitable for agricultural and mineral purposes,
asked to be discharged fi om its further consid-
eration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 261) for the benefit
and better management of the Indians, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 414) for the relief
of the estate of B. F. Kendall, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 52) to appoint commissioners to the
hostile tribes of Indians on the upper Missouri;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WADE, from the joint committee on the
conduct of the war, who were directed by a joint
resolution of the two Houses of Congress to in-
quire into and report the facts of the rumored
slaughter of the Union troops after their surrender
at the recent attack of the rebel forces upon Foit
Pillow, Tennessee; also, whether Fort Pillow
could have been sufficiently reinforced or evacu-
ated, and if so, why the same was not done, sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
OrtereJJ That twenty thousand additional eopiei of the
ropoit, with the accompanying evidence, be printed tor
tile use ol the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 244) to guaranty to certain Slates whose
governments have been usurped or overthrown a
republican foim of government; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had insisted upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House (No. 151) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending 30tli June,
1865, insisted oil by the Senate, insisted upon its
amendment to the first amendment of the Senate
to the said bill, disagreed to by the Senate, agieed
to the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
a"ieeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. HenryT. Bi ow of Missouri, Mr.
James E. English of Connecticut, and Mr.
Alexander II. Rice of Massachusetts, mana-
gers at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message futthcr announced that the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives had signed
the following enrolled bills and joint resolution;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.:
A lull (S. No. 31) making a grant oflands to
the State of Minnesota, to aid in the construction
of the lailroad from St. Paulto Lake Superior;
A bill (S. No. 160) granting lands to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in the State of
Wisconsin;
A bill (S. No. 126) to amend "An act to incor-
porate the inhabitants of the city of Washington,"
passed May ]5, 1820;
A hill (H. II. No. 119) to regulate the admeas-
urement ol tonnage of ships and vessels of the
United States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 69) for the pay-
ment of volunteers called out for not less than one
hundied days.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives'to the bjU
of the Senate (No. 145) to equalize the pay of sol-
diers in the United States Army; and >
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee oil Milir
tary Affairs and the'Militia.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mr. Nicolat, hisSecretary,announced
that the President hail approved and signed on
the 3d instant an act (S. No. 198) to aid the In-
dian refugees to return to their homes in the In-
dian territory.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House ofRepresentatives (No.
244) to guaranty to certain States whose govern-
ments have been usurped or overthrown a repub-
lican form of government wus read twice by its
title.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose it is a question
that should properly go to the Committee oil the
Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill originally came from
the Committee on Temtoues in the House of
Representatives.
The motion of Mr. Wilkinson wus agreed to.
MAIL STEAMSHIP SERVICE TO BRAZIL.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
bill (H. R. No. 407) to authorize the establish-
ment of ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and Brazil, have instructed me to
report it with mi amendment. I desire that it be
put on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It authorizes the Postmaster General to unite
with the general post office department of the
empire of Brazil, or such officer of the Govern-
ment of Brazil as shall be authorized.to act for
that Government, in establishing direct mail com-
munication between the two countries by megns
of a monthly line of first-class American sea-
going steamships, to be of not less than two thou-
sand tons burden each, and of sufficient number
to perform twelve round trips or voyages per an-
num between a port of the United States north of
the Potomac river and Rio de Janeiro, in Brazil,
touching at St. Thomas, in the West Indies, at
Bahia, Pernambuco, and Such other Brazilian and
intermediate port or ports as shall be considered
necessary and expedient; but the expense of the
service is to be divided between the two Govern-
ments, and the United States portion thereof is
not to exceed the sum of $150,000 for the per-
formance of twelve round trips per annum.
The Postmaster General is authorized to invite
proposals for such mail steamship service by
public advertisement for the period of sixty days
m one or more newspapers published in the cities
of Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New
York, and Boston, respectively, and to contiact
for the same for the term of ten years, to com-
mence ft om Ihe day the first steamship of the pro-
posed line shall depart from the United States with
the mails for Brazil; but proposals for monthly
trips—that is to say, for twelve round voyages
per annum, out and back—are to be received and
accepted by him within the limit as aforesaid,
from a party or parties of undoubted responsi-
bility, possessing ample ability to furnish the
steamships required for the seivice, and offering
o-ood and sufficient sureties for the faithful per-
formance of such contract; and such proposals
are to be accepted by the Government of Brazil,
and distinct and separate contracts with each
Government, containing similar provisions, are
to be executed by such accepted bidder or bid tiers;
each Government to be responsible only for its
propoition of the subsidy to be paid for the ser-
vice.
Any contract which the Postmaster General
mav execute under the authority of this act is to
go into effect on or before the 1st of September,
1865, and shall, m addition to the usual stipula-
tions of ocean mail steamship contracts, provide
