1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
stands, will probably induce all these men to vol-
unteer. We bad better leave the bill as it is.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I will vote against the
whole.
The question being on the previous question, the
Speaker ordered tellers; and Messrs. Grinnell,
and Steele, of New York, were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 47, noes 50.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The question recurrcd on the motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. COFFROTH. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. GRINNELL. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. Finding in the room of the Committee of
Elections papers purporting to relate to a contest
of my seat in this House, which I had been in-
formed would not be brought into the House, I
desire to present papers in this case to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and have the same consid-
ered with reference to printing.
The papers were referred to the Committee of
Elections.
CALL OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEVENS. There is barely a quorum
present, and I think we had better adjourn. I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. FENTON. I appeal to thegentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw that motion until we
shall have had a call of States for bills for refer-
ence only. It can be done by consent.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, 1 have no objection.
The call of committees for reportswaspioceeded
with and concluded.
COAL OrL.
Mr. A. MYERS introduced a bill to reduce the
tax on coal oii, to repeal so much of the present
law as permits expectation of oil free of duty,
and to classify coal-oil disiilleis; which was road
a first and second time, and refeired to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
CONSCItllTION.
Mr. A. MYERS also introduced a bill to amend
the act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3. 1863; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
BOUNTIES.
Mr. A. MYERS also introduced a hill granting
bounties, and forother purposes; which was read
a first and second time, and refeired to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
POSTAL MONEY OllDEKS.
Mr. ANCONA introduced a bill to establish a
postal money order system; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CONSCRIPTION.
Mr. ANCONA submitted the following reso-
lution:
Whereas the act of Congress, apptoved March 3, L8G3,
commonly called the conscription law, is oppressive, un-
just, and unconstitutional; because, 1st, it takes ftom the
States tin; control ot their own miiitia; 2d, u subjects the
rights ot the States and the liberties of the people to the
unlimited power of the Fcdeial Government; 3d, it is cal-
culated to create and build up a central military despotism
which may be used for the \vor t and most dangeious pur-
poses; 4th, it falsely imputes the crime ofdeseition to every
man whose name is drawn in the '• lottery of death," and
who fail- to join the Aimy, and subjects him to trial, con-
demnation, and capital punishment, without a jury of his
peers, contraiy to the fundamental law ot the laud: There-
lore,
Beit rcso/ved.Thal the Committee on Military Affairs he
instructed to bi mg in a bill lor the unconditional i epeal of
said act of Congiess, and substitute in its place some con-
stitutional and just mode of raising armies lor the service
of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to debate that res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. Then it goes over, under the
rules.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
ten minutes to one o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned until Tuesday, January 5, 1864.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 5, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Wednesday, December23,1863,
was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, transmitting, in obedience
to law, the report of the recorder of land titles at
St. Louis, Missouri, relative to the claim of Au-
gustin Amiot or his legal representatives to a lot
in the city of St. Louis; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 22d of December, 1863, a roster of
the fourth and fifth Indian regiments; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 21st of December, 1863, a list of officers
of the Navy and of the marine corps who, be-
tween the 1st day of December, 1860, and the 1st
day ofDecember, 1863, left the service; which, on
motion of Mr. Morgan, was ordered to He on
the table and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of reg-
ular branch pilots of the Delaware bay and river,
praying for the passage of such a law as will ex-
empt them from the operations of the draft, on
account of their seivices; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a memorial of the
common council of the city of St. Paul, praying
for a grant of lands to aid in the construction of
a railroad from St. Paul to the head of Lake Su-
perior. I ask that it be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be so refeired; and the motion to punt will be
refeired to tiie Committee on Printing.
Mr. CLARK presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Temple, New Hampshire, praying for
tile establishment of a uniform ambulance and
hospital system for the armies of the United
States; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES. I present a petition from the
comrades-in-arms of Captain Frederick S. Wash-
burn, who commanded the ninth Iowa regiment
and fell at the head of it at the battle of Black
River, near Vicksburg, piaying that a pension
be gran Led (o his widow and children. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I also present the memorial
of Henry P. Scholte, a foreign-born citizen of
Iowa, who has resided in that State for the last
twenty-live yeais, who proposes some modifica-
tions and changes in the enrollment law. He
states that the British theory, "once a citizen,
always a citizen," is not a theory known to the
civil law, or adopted by any of the nations of
continental Euiope, and that it ought not to be
adopted by this country as the true doctrine upon
which to act, but that every foreign-born person
who is a resident of this country should be com-
pelled to bear arms in behalf of the Government.
I move the reference of the memorial to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I present, also, the petition of
sundry citizens of Iowa and of Erie county, ini
the State of New York, known as the trustees
and members of a society called the Amana So-
ciety. They state, in their memorial, that their
society was organized about 1717-20, in Europe;
that some twenty-five or thirty years ago they
came to this country and established a society
called the Ebenezer Society in the vicinity of
Buffalo, in the State of New York; that one of
the tenets of their faith is non-resistance. In
their memorial they express no indisposition to
pay a commutation for military service, but they
protest against the repeal of that portion of the
conscription law which authorizes the payment
of §300 in lieu of military service. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a memorial
of the religious Society of Friends, residing in
the eastern part of Indiana and the western part
of Oluo, represented by their meeting held at
Richmond, Indiana, praying that they may be
exempted from military duty; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the commis-
sioner's court held in Laporte, Indiana, praying
for an increase of the pay of non-commissioned
officers and privates in the Army of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave tointroducea bill (S. No. 31)
making a grantof lands to the Lake Superiorand
Mississippi Railroad Company, in the State of
Minnesota, to aid in the construction of the rail-
road of said company from St. Paul to Lake Su-
perior; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
32) granting lands to the State of Michigan for
the construction of a wagon road for postal and
military purposes; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. NESMITH, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. S3) providing for the establishment of a
branch mint of the United States at Poitland,
Oregon; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 34) in
favor of the legal representatives of Israel C.
Wait; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
35) to increase the bounty of volunteers; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 36) to
amend an act entitled " An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses'," approved March 3,1863; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
Mr. POWELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the Army and
Wavy, and other persons engaged in the military
and naval service of the United States, from inter-
fering-in elections in the States; which was lead
twice by its title.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and be
printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Military
Affairs is the proper committee, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on ret'eriing it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill which the Senator has
introduced relates purely, according to its title, to
military officers in the service of the United States;
and manifestly the proper committee to have
charge of a bill of that kind is the Military Com-
mittee. It would be interfering with the preroga-
tives of that committee, it seems to me, to send
such a bill to another committee.
Mr. CLARK, No question of law arises.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; no question arises
connected with any of the laws of Congress now
in existence, or the Constitution, as faras I know.
Mr. POWELL. I take it that the Judiciary
Committee is the proper committee to which this
bill should be referred. It is a bill prescribing
penalties against officers of the Army and Wavy
for interfering with elections. I think it is emi-
