1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
not the God of nature make that feeble sprout
equal to that majestic oak?" My answer is, uIt is
in''the ordination of Goxl's providchce."
So, when I consider the different races of men,
observe the different gradations of life, and see
the white man, with his noble intellect, with his
capacity for development, with his native energies,
his constant improvement, with the lights that
he has thrown upon the pathway of human life,
with the great achievements he has accomplished,
I accept it as an ordinance of Providence. When
I see the humble, groveling pathway in which
this other race has crawled through life, and their
incapacity to elevate themselves to that same po-
sition, I receive it, and though my old-fashioned
notions of theology and the ways of God to man
are not conformable to present views, yet I accept
them as true evidences of their native inferiority,
when I see such a being as that, who, by his own
history and life, and by every evidence of his ca-
pacity which he has given to mankind, has shown
the impossibility of his nature to rise to such po-
sitions and to achieve such results, I accept it
also as an indication of the ways of Providcnce to
man and as indicating that great controlling law
of the divine Providence which regulates races
even of sentient beings, ay, sir, beings with im-
mortal souls, just as much as 1 see that law indi-
cated in the inanimate works of nature.
Perhaps, sir, I have said enough on this occa-
sion. If you pass this amendment, you do it not
from any evidence before you of any public in-
convenience. If you pass it, you do it not be-
cause there is a single being of your race who has
asked you to do it. If you do it, therefore, you
do it simply with a view of attempting to make
universal that sickly sentimentality which un-
fortunately for our country lias had too much to
do with our present troubles.
Mr. President, in the silent moments of thought
I have sometimes considered this question: does
our present position, and the spectacle which we
present in the eyes of the world, find a parallel in
the history of any other people who have gone
before us? I know of no civilized people on earth
who have heretofore so persistently labored either
to raise to their own elevation an inferior lace or
to degrade themselves to the equality of an infe-
rior race as we have done in the lust three years.
Rut I conclude the few remarks I have fell called
upon by the introduction of this amendment to
submit to the Senate on this occasion by simply
saying that, although I may not have read the
history of nations or the progress of civilization
aright, or studied asthorou hlyns I should have
done the history of mankind in all ag<sof 'he
world, when the history of our times shall be
written, woshail be regarded, and justly regarded,
as an exception to the whole human family in an
unreasonable, I might say insane, effort to equal-
ize with ourselves an inferiornu-e. Posterity will
say it was the most insane attempt ever made in
any civilized country to bring about an equality
of races which never did exist, and which no
legislation can ever make exist.
Sir, if m the providence of God it shall ever
happen (which 1 pray may never be) that the
majestic columns which now support tins Capi-
tol' shall fall in rum and destruction, upon the cen-
otaph of a once great nation will be inscribed this
epitaph: "Hero lie thirty million white men,
women, ami children, who lost their libei ties in
trying to equalise with themselves four million
negioes."
Mr. JOHNSON, There is no prospect, I sup-
pose, of getting through with tins billto-day, and
2>s I propose to say a wind or two in reply to the
Senator from Delaware, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSES or REPP*.ESENTATIVES.
Wi.DXLiiDAY, Match 16, ]3G1.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William Y. Brown.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
UNADJUSTED CLAIMS WITH ECUADOR,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to <dlow me to move
to reconsider the motion by which the message
of the President relating to unadjusted claims be-
tween this Government and the republic of Ecua-
dor was referred yesterday to the Committee of
Ways and Means. It should be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, as the
President mentions in his message that he desires
as prompt action as possible in the matter, that
the Chair supposes there will be no objection to
permit the Committee on Foreign Affairs to re-
port at any time.
There being no objection, the message was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, with
leave to report at any time.
LEAVE 0? ABSENCE.
Mr. WHALEY asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Brown, of West
Virginia, for ten days from last Saturday, on ac-
count of sickness in his family.
CHARLES A. PITCHER.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, asked unanimous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's table and
lef rred to the Committee of Claims Senate joint
resolution No. 30, for the relief of Charles A.
Pitcher.
The joint resolution confers on the Court of
Chums jurisdiction to hear the claims of Charles
A. Pitcher for the use of his patent, for an im-
provement in making brooms, m the penitentiary
of the District of Columbia, and to allow him what
he ought to have, except that no punitive dam-
ages shall be allowed against the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the joint
resolution be refened anywhere it should be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. It is an
extraordinary proposition to extend the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims, which is already too
much extended.
The SPEAKER. Is there an objection to tak-
ing up the joint resolution for reference?
Mr. WA^HHURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then thejoint resolution is
not before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object if it be refened to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. 1UCE, of Maine. It issimply a joint res-
olution conlemng on the Court of Claims juris-
diction in this matter. I thought there could be
no possible objection to it, and that the joint res-
olution might even he passed without reference
to the Committee of Chums. IJut the gentleman
from Illinois objects to its going even to that com-
mittee in accordance with the universal usage of
(lie House.
I hope my friend will not insist on that objec-
tion, but will let the joint resolution go to the
Committee of Claims, where it can be examined
in the u«ual course. That appears to me to be
the appropriate eomimttce, ami it seems very sin-
gular to attempt to divert it from its proper course
and to resort to this singular proceeding with it.
Mr. WASUBIJRNE, of Illinois. 1 am aston-
ished at the g< ntlcman. This is a mutter in re-
gatd to enlarging the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, and it pioperiy belongs to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and to no other committee.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, it came from tin; Com-
mittee on Claims in the Senate, and my impres-
sion ;snd belief is that it should go properly to the
ConumUee of (Maims hero. If it be moie appro-
piutle for it to ?.o to the Committee on the Judi-
cuny, 1 have no objection.
Air. WILSON. The objection I have to the
bill is this: it determines that the claimant shall
have something, it does not direct the Court of
Claims simply to investigate the matter, but as-
sumes that something should be paid, not leaving
that qm^tion open tor the consideration of the
court. We peveroughtto pass a bill in that form.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I think the gentleman
from Iowa is enthvly mistaken as to the force and
j effect of the resolution. It does not direct that
S anything shall be awaidcd to this claimant, but
I simply gives jurisdiction to the Court of Claims
| to investigate the matter. I have no particular
j objection "to its going to the Judiciary Committee
I if that be the more appropriate committee, and I
j should like the Speaker to indicate the committee
[ which is most appropriate.
| The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
S House, not for the Chair. ^
I Mr. RICE, of Maine. T move that the joint
! resolution be lcferred to the Committee of Claims.
! The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
i objects. Therefore it is not before the House, li
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Then let it be referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
PACIFIC IUILROAD.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill for an act to amend an act entitled 4 4 An act
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses," approved July 1, 1862; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the select
committee on the subject.
tV. W. RUSSBLL, DECEASED.
Mr. WEBSTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of the administrator
of W. W. Russell, late paymaster in the marine
corps; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
JOHN J. MICHIE.
Mr. IIOTCHKISS, by unanimous con sent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of John J. Micine,
of New Orleans, Louisiana; which was read a fiist
and second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. COX., from the committee oil the rules,
reported adversely on the resolution refeirud to
them, on motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Yeaman,] that twenty-five extra
copies of all bills, resolutions, and reports ordered
to be printed shall be printed for the use of the
member introducing them; and the resolution
was thereupon laid upon the table.
COMMITTEE ON MINES AND MINERALS.
Mr. COX, from the same committee, made an
adverse report in reference to appointing a new
standing Committee on Mines and Minerals,
which was laid upon the table.
EFFICIENCY OF UNITED STATES AUTILLEK1,
Mr. ^ARNS WORTH, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to promote the efficiency of the
artillery of the Army of the United States; which
was read a fiist and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
COMMITTEE ON NATIONAL BANK.
Mv. W/YSHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
committee on the rules, made an adverse report
in reference to appointing a new standing Com-
mittee on National Bank; which was laid upon
the table.
VOTING OF MEMBERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I wish to make a further report from the com-
mittee on the rules. Rule reads now as fol-
lows:
"No member shall vote on any ijuusuun in the event ot
which h<> k unmedcuely and paiticulaily iiifif-or in
any e;w wlieie he was not wilhm the bar of the limine
when the question was put. And when ;<ny inembei -.luiU
a-k leave to vote, the Speaker shall piupourul to lum the
{jueMion—yuu v Ulan ihc bur alien ijour name ilW)
cuHctJ'P"
The practice has been universal up to the last
session to adhere to that rule in practice. I do
not recollect of a single instance where a member
was permitted to vote who was not within the bar
when his name was called. During the last Con-
gress, and so far duiing this Congress, the iule
has been relaxed. It purs the Speaker to a great
deal of trouble to put the question whether the
member was within the bar when his name was
called. Members are allowed to vote almost uni-
versally by unanimous consent. One of two things
should be done: either no member should be per-
mitted to vote unless he was within the bar when
his name was called, or members should be pt-r-
mitted to vote any time before the vote was an-
nounced. I ha\e been directed by the commit-
tee on the rules to report this proposition to the
House in the alternative form: first, that no mem-
ber shall be permitted to vote unless ho was within
the bar when his name was called, not even by
unanimous consent; and secondly, that membeis
shall be allowed to vote at any time before the vote
is announced. If the first be voted down, then
the question will recur on the second.
