m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ncntly proper that it should go to tho Judiciary
Committee and bo there perfected. The bill does
not contemplate anything to regulate the Army,
but to prevent officers of the Army ami Navy
from interfering with the rights of citizens in hold-
ing elections. I hope it may be sent to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is on
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The question being put, a division was asked
for.
Mr. McDOUGALL called for the yens and
flays; and thoy were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it lie on the table
fof the present. We can take it up to-morrow
morning.
Mr. POWELL rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is in
order, and is not a matter of debate.
The question being put, tiie Vice President
declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. POWELL. I ask forth© yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON. If you divide, you break up
the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. Let it break up. Iflcannot
get a bill of this importance sent where I want it,
I am willing to break up.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
EXKOLLMEN'f LA\V.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken, aw
it is possible it may result in showing that there
is no quorum, I should like to give notice of an
amendment which [ desire to move to the Senate
bill Not 18, entitled "An act to amend an act for
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other putposes," it being irt the nature of an
additional section.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. It will be received
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer it now, and ask that
it he printed for the use of the Senate
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to its reception. The order to print
will be made, it no objection is interposed.
He fore taking the vote on Air. Powell's mo-
tion, other business was interposed by unanimous
consent, namely:
SANITARY CONDITION OF TTIK DISTRICT.
Mr. MOKIULL submitted the following reso-
lution; which wasconsidered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Cuuunitt<>e on the District of Colum-
bia be directed to inquire whether additional legislation i>.
neec*Miry<0 improve the ;aintmyeoudilion ofthe cities ol
Washington and Ceorgetowu,and foi the prevention ofcon-
tagious diseases.
APPOINTMENTS 01f CADETS.
Mr. CLARIv. submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was e.onsideied by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to fur-
nish to the Senate the uanics of all petsons appointed ea-
detsat the UnitedStates Mitit-u.v Acadcim during ilie j ear
18(5.3, 'Jpeeilymg tin; State  >1 which they were citizens, 01 :
resident,al the ttnieof their appointment,andthe residence '
of their parents or L'uaidians; and where: Mich appoint- i
incuts were made upon the design.liiotr of a menibei or tins !
ilouMi of Representatives, that he furnish the name of the i
member by whom the. designation wiw made; and wheie
made lioin the Ainiv, that he state the regime ntfioni winch
such appointments weic made.
SOLOMON KOIINSTAMM.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to com-
municate to the Senate any information in hi-, po^u^ion
relative to the ease of Solomon Kohn.stannn, ot New Votk, '
charged with obtaining money upon t.-ij-e and Jjaudnleirt !
claim?, for collecting, dulling, oigauizing, and subsisting '
volunteers. " ;
KETUUN OF ORIGINAL PAPEltS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, j hat the Secretary of the Senate transmit to the
fceeretaiy ot War the oiigmal papers accompanying Ins re- i
port oi the 28th of June, 186:2, in lelatton to the battles at !
Pilteburg Landing. |
PRESIDENTIAL POWER. I
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolutions
for consideration; which were laid over, and or-
dered to be printed:
1. Resolved, That the Government ofthe United States was
established by the people ot States wincli had before been
January 5.
separate, sovereign, and independent; and they formed
their common national government by a wiitten Con^titn
tion, and delegated to it so much of their sovereign polit-
ical power as thoy adjudged to be necessary and proper to
enable it to manage nil their affairs with foreign nations atid
among the several States; and, both by its leading principle
and an express provision, they reserved "to the States re-
spectively, or to the people,1' all " powers not delegated to
the United States, noi prohibited by it to the States.''
2. Jlc?oJrcr7, That our s> stem consists of a limited national
government tor the whole United State-, of supteme au-
thority as to all the powers with whieli the Constitution has
invoked it; and Slate government5! tor each Slate, formed
by the people thereof, and holding the entire residuum of
political sovereignty within thou respective States, each
government, within its sphere, being ahke supreme. And
as the Governors, and all other civil and mihtaiy officers of
the States, as other individuate, may commit tieasou against
the United States, by " levying war against them, or in ad-
hering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort." so
the President ofthe United States, and the civil and mili-
tary officers thereof, may commit treason against any State
whose government i  in the performance of rts duties un-
der the Federal Constitution, by levying war against it, or
m adhering to us enemies, giving them aid and comfoit,as
resisting with an armed force the execution oi it« huv*, or
adheimg to such armed force, giving itnid'and comfort.
3. Resolved, That in ail the States ami pairs ot States,
where the laws ot tho United States and the State.? can be
executed, (he mihtaiy authorities should not he hi ought
into conflict with the civil power, but should be strictly
held to be, as they iighltutly aie, in suboidination to it.
4. Resolved, That all elections to civil offices, Federal
or State, should bo in stuct accordance with the Consti-
tution and laws ot the United States, and ol the State re-
spectively, ami be conducted by officers appointed by the
proper authorities lor that purpose; and where, hom the
presence or appicheu&ion of foice, violence, or other cause,
any election cannot he so conducted, it ought not to beheld
at a/I ,* and every ejection at winch any military foice may
interfere, by imposing additional oaths or qualification-, of
the elector.-, on emulations tor conducting the said election,
or by changing ot modifj mg the o.\ih- and qualifications ot
the electors oi regulation* to govern it as piovided by law,
or to contain, eontiol,or diiect the officers of such elec
lion in couducimgit, should be hold to he void and ot no
effect*
5. Resolved, That the experience of the world pioves that
there can be neither seeuntvnoi liberty in any countiy
without wise and just laws firmly-ii«-tiunod and uniformly
cm-cured, That u ilic ntc, the sp.ut, the soul of* this na-
tion; and all neglect and depaitme irom law, and particu-
larly from constitutional law, by agent,*, appointed to admin-
ister it, although soim tunes attended with scennng ad-
vantage, are sure to pioduee always, *oonei or latei, much
gi eater ;ind moie endnung mischief. Wherefotea disiegard
ot law by sueh agents is never tolerated by a wt<e andlree
people.
t>. Jlvsolvcd, That the poweis of the Government of the
United States arc denved wholly from and limited by the
Constitution, and bv it nic divided into legislative, exec-
ute e, .uid jiuIk iat, and each ehe-* ot tho.-e po\\ ei-. i-, ves^-d
in a sepat.ite department ; Hiat tile President n, the chiel
ot the executive dopar tment, and has no legislative or ju-
dicial power whah'vei, and only Mich executive powers as
aie enumeiiitcd in the second and third srciinus of the sec-
ond attich' of the Constitution, and Mich otbei powe^ as
j may be, from tune to tune, ( on lei led upon hnn by Congi ess
I m vu tu ' U1 tills piovi-ton : '• Congicss «;|ia|| liav,; j,OWci to
; make ali law-- which shall be uece^aiyand pioper lor cai r\ -
ing into execution the foiegomg power-, and all othei
power?, vested by this Coni-tiuinon in the (ioveinment ol
j the United State-,m in any depattmeni oi oliieei theicof."
7, Rdolrcd. Tii,u (he iV'sUlenteannot b''divested ofanj
"J the power* with wincli he is directly mvc-ted by the
(/iinstilution, ii.>i contiollcd nor mteifer'd with in 'their
[ execution; hut all poweis cmnei red on him by law ot Con-
I giei-s hi; holds in subotdinahon to that dep.nun-'nt, winch
j may supctvisc, moditwand eon eft his e.xecuuon ot them,
I or ie-ume them l>\ icpealiiig the lawv inti noting their exo-
j ciition to him.
i S. Rcsoli Cil. That the pow ei ot the Piesjdcnt to recognize
i the existence of a .state oi case amounting to "an in va-ion,
; or unininen! dangei ot niv.isiou, ofthe United Suite-." or
'• an ui-uueetion m any State against the government 1 here-
of," or '^obstruction to the execution of the laws ot the
United States h% combinations too pinvcilul to he sup.
pressed |>y the ordinary couue ot judicial pioceedings."
and to call toith the nnlit.uy power to meet such condi-
tions, is <. onfei red on bun b\ the laws of C'onmcs^, and the
repeal oi those law- would withdiaw tiom the President
a)J that fion <>r.
'J. Resolved, That Congress is invested with the power
to lay and collect taxe-, duties, nnpo.-t-, and exeisCr-; to
pay the debts and piovide lot the common deit use and gen-
cial wellaie ot the buited States ;"  • to declare wai, giant
lettcis ot nt<uc[iic and reprisal, and niTtkc uiies concerning
captures on ),uj<1 -uul nnd suppoif ar-
mies ^ t„ pio\ ide and manitani a navy " to p.ovule for
£aJ)mg hull) the mihtui to execute the'laws ot the Union,
suppress lnr-uiicctien-', and repel invasions" to provide
foi aiming, oigaiiuitig. au.i d^eiplming the militia, and
goveining stieii pait oi them as may be pniplo\ed m the
seiviee oi the United States " to guaiantv to every State
in the Union a lepubficau loim of government, and "to pro-
tect each of them ai'tun-t invasion and tinis the entire
wai power, and quasi war power, external and internal, of
tiie Government, i-vet-tedbvthe Constitution m Congress,
and no pait of it whatever in tire President.
W.Jle-imccd. That whenever there is ail insurrection in ,
the United Stuns, Congress is \ested wiihihe power to ■
.fcuppre>s it and With no other power whatevci ovej the in- j
sin lection ; and when it is Mippicssed. either by the arms I
ot the United States, or b_v the submission of the iitsuiients |
to the (.'on-fitution, law-, and authorities theieot, tbeie-
upon the powei ot ('ougross is exhausted, and tiie insur-
gents are immediately lemitted to all their rights, libeities,
privileges, and duues oi'eitixens, subject to such forfeiture
thereof as may have been declared hv law, after it shall
have been adjudged by the civil couits m the mode pre-
scribed by the Constitution ; and Congrcs?., much lest, thx;
Piendunt, has no power to impose upon them any other
teiins or conditions.
11. Rcsalved, That the whole power and duty of the Pres-
ident in the existing in-uireetion is to" grant pardons to
those engaged in it,and, as Corninauder-in-Clnefot the Anny
and Navy, to direct their operations for its supptes&,10j,,
and, as such, his powers aie strictly military, and aie not
different or greater than would be those of t'he'senioi gen-
eral in tire service, if the Constitution had designated'iuni
to he the Commander-in-Chief; the power to devise a pol-
icy or measures for its suppression is legislative, to which
the Piesidt*nt is incompetent, whether as the first executive
officer ol the Government, or Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy.
12. Resolved, That the law of military necessity is not
established, but only tolerated, in the United Slates. It
docs not, aor cannot, in peace or war, abiogate or suspend
the Constitution, in whole or in patt. It cannot authoiize
arbitrary ariests and imprisonment, or in any way interfere
with the peisori ofthe citizen, but only with his ptopetty.
It does not appertain to the ]'i csrdent, or to the Commander-
in-Chief, unless lie be in the actual command of a military
force, and then only under particular cneumstances. It
results from a piesent and urgent need of an army, or mil-
itary corp>, winch is so pic-siug that it cannot await other
modes, but must be supplied anywhere within its reach by
its own power and action It is not an expediency but a
necessity of a militarj body, and creates a law and con-
fers a power, for the occasion only, on its commander, of
whatever grade he may be, to supply that necessity by taking
property with nummary imlnaiy iorce, without depriving
the owner ol his right to be compensated foi it by the Uni-
ted States. Eac h case of military necessity makes its own
law, adapted to its own peculiar ctrcum-tanee^, and ex-
piring with that pattieular necessity. There is not, and
cannot be, any unuorm, permanent, or even continuing
law of military necessity The idea that a law alwa\s ac-
cidental, evanescent, and m truth so inconsiderable,should
have the magic foice to enable Abiaham Lincoln to bound
over the Con-titution and all its limitations and restric-
tion^, and clutch the vast powers which he claims under
it, is a gigantic absurdity.
H3. ileso/red, That at the beginning, under the panic ofthe
defeat of Bull Run, the p.utv in power professed to carry it
on foi the constitutional end" to put down the rebellion and
vindicate the laws and authority of the United States in the
insurgent States, and when tbatvvaseftW ted it wu-s to cease.
But moie than a year ago, another and patamomitand un-
constitutional end. the total subversion of shivery, was in-
augurated by them ; and, at length, to cany on the wai in
thn perverted and aumnenfed form, the annual expenditure
on tho partof the United States has swollen to one bundled
thousand lives, a much larger amount of per-ona! disability,
and a thousand millions of money, and yet the wisest can-
not see the end of the war. Verily, the people North and
the people South ought to revoltagainst their war-leaders,
and take this gieat matter into their own hands, and eieet
meinbeis to a national convention of all the States, to term-
inate a war that is enriching hundreds of thousands of
otUeets. plundeiers and spoilsmen, in the loyal States, and
thieateiis the ma—es ot both sections with nretuevahle
bankiuptey and indefinite slaughter, and to restore their
union and common government upon the gieat ptinciples
of hbeity and compromise deviled by Washington and his
associates.
M. Reiolvcd, That the piesent Executive Government
of the United States has subverted, for the time, in laige
poit'ons of tho loyal States, the freedom of speech, the
fieedom of the p:< s>!} and free suffiace, the constitutions
and laws of the States and the United States, the civil
courts and h ml by juiy. It has oidered,«<Ni/u7um, arbitrary
airests by uuluaiy officers, not onl} without waiiant, but
w ithout any ebatce oi imputation of cnm<* or offense, and
has humed tile pcisous so anosted fiom home and vicin-
age to distant pi i-oils, and kept them lucareeiated theie tor
an indefinite tunc, runie of whom it discharged without
tri..l and in uttei ignoiaiiee ot the cause of their arrest and
imprisonment, and others it caused to be biought befoie
couits created In itself, and to he tued airdpuuished with-
out law; m violation ofthe constitutional guarantee to the
citizen ot his nght to keep and bear aim-, anil of his rights
ot property, it has foicibly deprived, as well the loyal as
the dis|oj al. of both ; it lias umii pf,d the power to -u-pend
the wut hubc<t> (oipuc, and to proclaim martial law.and
has e.-t.ihhshcd military tnbuuals in States and p.nt" of
States wheie then; was no obstiucuon to the dm0 admin-
istration of the laws of the United Stale*, and the States,
by the civil couits and authorities; and otdered many cit-
izens, who were not connected with the Aimy oi Navy,to
be diagged betore its druin-hc.'d couits, and to be tued by
them for new and strange offense-, declined by itself, and
by an undefined and indefinable law, being but the arbi-
tral} will of the couit; otdamed at pleasure a military des-
potisni m the loyal States by means of couits nmitul, pro-
vost marshals, and military toicos, governed neither bylaw,
principles, noi rules, from whose tyranny and oppressions
no man can claim immunity; all of which must be repudi-
ated and swept awa\ by the sovereign people.
15. llcsolvcd, That a free pre?-, twe speech, and free
elections aie the gieat and pcacenrl forces by which the
maladministration of our Government, whether in the le-
gislative or executive department, i« prevented, reformed,
or reversed, and its nut hois bt ought to public condemnation
and punishment; and those bulwarks of constitutional gov-
ernment and popular libertj are formidable to malveisa-
tors, usurpers, and tviants oulv, and they must be upheld by
the people at all hazard-.
lo. Rtsolvcd, That as the Constitution and laws afford
no means to exclude from the otlice of President a man
appointed to it by mihtaiy power, fir who is declared to be
clro-en to it by reason of the -upprt s?ion of the fieedom of
election, or bv the exclti-ion of legal vote-, s fiom the polls,
oi by anv other means, the people ofthe United States
would be incompetent to defend and unworthy to have
received the rich heritage of freedom bequeathed to them
