THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session*.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 7. 1864.
New Series No. 7..
by their fathers, if they permit that great office so to be
filled, or in any other mode than by their own free suffrages.
17. Resolved, That the scheme of the President to bring
back the insurgent States is open to many and insuperable
objections. The pardon and amnesty offered by him is
upon the condition that those who accept it shall lenounce
their right to their slave property, and swear to support his
unconstitutional proclamation and unconstitutional actsof
Congress, which attempted to take it from them, fie must
liave intended to put this condition ma foim so obnoxious
as to secure its rejection by most of those to whom it was
offered. lie affects the position that ten of the insurgent
States have forfeited ordrssoived their State governments,
and lequtres that thev be Reconstructed on a condition pre-
scribed by hun^elt, and this against the true principle,
which he and the legislative department of the Govern-
ment had previously recognized—that all the acts of the
indigent .^tate-. and" people tending to their secession, sep-
aration, and independence were void; and when the inun-
dation wttli which their insurrection covered ovei the au-
tlionty ot the Constitution and laws of the United States
in thnn pa-^ed away, it would leave the constitutions,
laws, property, and institutions of those States in every
lespeet the same that they were previously, excepting only
the changes thatweie produced by the mere shock ot arms,
the principle status anl.e helium being applicable. He lg-
norev the constitutions of Tennessee, Arkansas, and others
that have not been altered in any particular, but aie the
same that they weie before their revolt; and he requires
those States to repudiate their constitutions that governed
them many year-: peacelully in the Union, and toionn new
ones. lie has no right to take cognizance in any way of
the governments and constitutions of those States, or any
other States, to lite extent that such a powei is vested in
the Government of the United States, it is congressional,
not puMdentfcal. lie has noautlionty whatcvei to impose
any conditions on the m^ng'-iiN, and they aie subject to
none but what aie prescribed by the Constitution and laws
of the United States, to be determined by their courts.
What right has the Piesident to proclaim that one tenth
of as many of the voters ot' those States as voted at the last
presidential election may pull down and revolutionize
thcii State governments, and erect new ones for the otliei
nine tenths, which he wiN recognize and uphold with the
armies and navies m the United States ? His projeetis to
continue the war upon slavery by his further usurpations
of power, and to get together and buy up a desperate fac-
tion of mendicants and adventurers in the rebel States,
give them possession ofthe polls by interposing the bayonet,
as in M.nyland, Delaware, and portions of Missouri and
Kenruck\,and to keep off lojal pio-slavery voters; and
thus to form bastard constitutions to ubolitiotnze those
States.
18. Resolved, That the impending destiny of our country
can no longer be blinked. The people of the loyal States arc
ic«olved into two great parties, the destructives and the con-
servatives. The fast consists of Abiaham Lincoln, his
office-holders, contractors, and oihei foiloweis ; the second
of all men who are for ejecting Lincoln and his party horn
office ami power. The proiessed objects of the first are to
preserve the Union and to abolish slave) y in all the States:
they have about ceased to make a pretense of suppoitme
the Constitution and the laws; their leal objects are to.per-
petuate their party pow er, and to hold po-sC*«-:on ot the
Government to continue the aggrandizement of then lead-
ers, pieat and small, by almost countless olhees and em- :
ployinents, by inynado of plunder ing contracts, and by put- j
tmg up to sale the largest amount ol spoils that were evei |
offeied to market by any Government on eaith. Then ob-
ject is not to eradicate slaverv. but only to abolish its lorm
and tiie mastery. To subjugate wholly the rebel State vand
utterly to levolutionize their political and social oigamza-
tion ; to dosttoy or bani.-li and stup of their pt opei ty all the
pro-slavery people, secessionists, anti-secewonist*-, loyal
and di-io\al, combatants and non-combatants, old men,
women,arulchiidren,the decrepit and tbe?io  composmen-
tis, all whom ihey cannotabohtiomze, and to distribute the
lands of the subjugated people among their followers, as was
done by the Uoman couquerois of their own count:} men ;
to proclaim a mock freedom to the slaves, but by military
power to take possession of the lieedmen and woik them
tor their own profit; to do ail this, and also to enslave the
white man by trampling under foot the Constitution and
laws ofthe United State? and the States, by the power ofa
subsidized Army, and, lest it should falter, by hundreds of
thousands of negro janizaries, oiganized loi that purpose
by the Sucretarv of War and the Adjutant General. The
first and paramount object ot the eonseivativcs is to pre-
serve their own liberties by saving the Union, the Constitu-
tion,and the laws from ut'crandlinalovcrthiow by the de-
structives, not themselves to be en-daved under pietext of
giving a fictitious freedom to the negro; and to restoie and
perpetuate the Union, and to bring back the people m le-
volt bv renewed and sufficient guarantees ot all their con-
stitutional right*. There is no" choice left to any man but
to be a destructive or conseivative 1
mimtahy interference with elections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts to lay the bill of the Senator from
* Kentucky [Mr. Powell] upon the table.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
withdraw the motion to lay upon the table. I
made the motion m order, if possible, to avoid
dividing the Senate; but I find that will not do it,
and I therefore ask unanimous consent to with-
b*
i
draw the motion. Let the vote be taken upon the
reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the withdrawal of the motion ? The
Chair hears none. That motion js withdrawn;
and the question before the Senate is on referring
the bill lo the Committee on the Judiciary, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The yeas and nays were taken, with the follow-
ing result;
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalcw, Carhlc, Collamcr, Davis,
Harding, Ilarns, Henderson. Hendricks, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, Laueot Kansas, McDougali,Morrill,Ncsmith,
Powell, Saulsbury, Sheiman, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, and
Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark,Connes$, Dixon, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gnmcs, Harian, Howard,
Morgan, Ramsey, Sumner, and Wade—15.
reconstruction of the union.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. As there does not seem to
be much business to be done just now, and prob-
ably in the course of a few minutes a Senator
may come in, so that we shall have a quorum, I
desire now, with the unanimous consent of the
Senate, to make a motion, and submit a few re-
marks upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate is now
dividing.
Mr. FOSTER. It may he done by unanimous
consent. I hope the gentleman will have leave of
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate at this stage of the proceedings to intro-
duce a proposition and make remarks upon it. If
there be no objection,it will beenteitained. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I move that
so much of the annual message of the President
of the United States as relates to the subject of re-
construction in scveial ofthe States be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. The President
of the United States in his last annual message
speaks as follows:
" Looking now to the present and future, and with refer-
ence to a le.-umpfion of the national authority within the
States wheiem that autlionty has been susp.-nded, I have
thought lit to is^uc apiociamation,acopy of which is heie-
with tiansimtied."
And again:
"The suggestion in the proclamation as to maintaining
the political namewoik ofthe States, 011 what is called re-
coii'-truction, is made in tiie hope that it may do good, with-
out danger of hanu. It wi'l save laboi and avoid great con-
tusion."
The proclamation thus referred to contains these
wordy:
" And I do further proclaim, declare, and make known,
that wneuevei, in any ot the ritates of Arkansas, Texas,
Louisiana,Muw--ippi,Tennessee, Alabama. G-'orgia, Flor-
ida, South Carolina, and Noith Carolina, a number of pei-
sons, not less than one tenth m number of the votes ea*-t
m such State at the presidential election ofthe year of our
Lord J8G0, each having taken the oath aforesaid and not
having since violated it, and being a qualified voter by the
electron law of the State existing immediately before ihe
hO-called act of secession, and excluding all otheis, sdiall
reestablish a State government which shall be republican,
and in no wise contravening said oath, such shall be recog-
nized as the true government of the Htate, and the {State
thai! lecoive theiennder the benefits of the constitutional
provision which docIaies mat 'the United States shall^
guaianty to every State m this Union a lepublican loim of
government, and shall protect each ot them against inva-
sion, and, on application of the Legislature, or the Exec-
utive, (when the Legisiatme cannot be convened,) again&t
domestic violence.'"
Bills have been already introduced upon this
subject, providing provisional governments for
these rebellious States; and at a former session
bills weie reported and partly acted on to reduce
them to the territorial state. I wish to make a
few remarks upon the subject.
The Constitution reads as follows:
"This Constitution, and the Saws of the United States
which shall lie ui.uU' in pnisuance thereof, and all treaties
made or wtuci) Mial! be made utidcn tlie nuUiority of the
United State:-, bludl be t!i<j nqircmc law of the laiuu"
This supreme authority cannot now be ques-
tioned; for although the States, m many respects,
still remain sovereign and independent, yet as re-
gards the powers expressly delegated to the Fed-
eral Government or conferred by necessary itn--
plication, they are subordinate. , " .
The source from which this power springs is
unimpeachable, even by the fiercest stickler for
the rights of States; for the State governments de- .
rive their being from the very- source which has
conferred this supreme authority on the General
Governme-nt, namely, from the people. Did the
people of the several States frame or adopt their
State governments? So did the people,through
their appointed agents, frame and adopt the Con-
stitution of the United States.
It was not a league, confederation, or,,as some
have called it, a copartnership of States, but a
fundamental constitution of government for the
whole people of all the States, for the purposes
therein declared, and to the extent therein desig-
nated; a sort of imperium in imp trio, so far a. t
least as regards all matters made subject to its
power, and yet limited in its scope, so far as not
to interfere with matters of internal, individual*
and domestic concern reserved to the .several
States or to the people of the.States. The instru-
ment itself declares that " we, the people of the
United States"—not we the States, nor yet we
the people of the several States—" in order to
form a more perfect union, do ordain and estab-
lish this Constitution for the United States of
America."
As regards the States existing at the time of tho
adoption ofthe Constitution, the instrument itself
declares that " the ratification of the conventions
of nine States shall be sufficient for the establish-
ment of tins Constitution between the States so
ratifying the same." It was ratified by all the peo-
ple of the original States through their conven-
tions, and thus became to these a Government,
obligatory and supreme, acting on each as indi-
viduals, directly and immediate, not simply on
the States, as under the Confederation.
As regards other and future States to be admit-
ted in the Union, it was, in the second article, de-
clared: " New States may be admitted by the.Con-
giess into this Union." Under this provision
many different communities and many teeming
millions have found a mild, benignant Govern-
ment, and have grown great and prosperous and
happy.
Thus full provision was made for each class of
States, the old States and the new, " to cnterinio
the Union"—to enter into the Union in order that
justice might be established, that domestic tran-
quillity might be insured, provision be made for
the common defense, tho general welfare pro-
moted, and the blessings of liberty secured to the
framers and their posterity, and that a more per-
fect union might be formed, more perfect than
had before existed under the Articles of Confed-
eration; a perpetual union, an everlasting bond
of union; not temporary 01 evanescent, to fade
away or perish from tjie earth; not to be broken,
severed, set at naught, but to last, to last forever,
to bless the coming years and all the people ofthe
western world.
And so provision was also made "to enter in
the Union," exempt from change or alteration,
save and except in the quiet, peaceful way pro-
vided by amendment, in the mode and manner
furnished by the instrument itself. There was no
provision framed to break or teiminate the bond,
suggesting dissolution or an end; there was no
lufking clause hinting at it, even. No backward
step was contemplated, but always forward, on-
ward to perpetuity—perfection 1 This was the
noble purpose, thought, design. Men mightdieand
pass away; the noble framers of the Government
might sink to honored graves, but the institutions
they had founded were to live, to live forever,and
grow and flourish with succeeding ages. A State
was born amidst the nations of the earth to live
and last forever. The Constitution opened wide
its portals to admit new States into the Union, but
it closely barred the door against all exit frora its
fond embrace.
Now, what do we see? An effort to destroy
this Union; a rebellion, causeless, unprovoked,
and cruel; a struggle to disrupt and utterly de-
