1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21:19s
CLAIMS OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders, and proceed to the consid-
eration of the joint resolution No. 8.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 8) for the
relief ofthe State of Wisconsin•, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment reported from the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, this resolution
has already been partially considered upon two
other occasions, and I desire now to occupy the
attention of the Senate for a short time in stating
my view of it.
The resolution comes before the Senate to pro-
vide for settling with the State of Wisconsin its
claim against the General .Government for what
is known as the five per cent. fund. I wish the
Senate would take notice of the contract between
the United States and the State of Wisconsin
upon which that claim is based. When on the
6th of August, 1846, you passed an act authoriz-
ing the people of the Territory of Wisconsin to
form a State government and to be admitted into
the Union, you submitted the following proposi-
tions to the convention which was convened for
the purpose of forming its constitution:
" First. Thntsection numbered sixteen, in every town-
ship ofthe public lands in said State, and, where such sec-
tion has been sold or otherwise disposed ot, other lands
equivalent thereto, and as contiguous as may be, shall be
granted to said State lor the use of schools.
" Second. That the seventy-two sections or two entire
township4? of land set apait and reserved for the use and
support of a university by an act of Congress, approved on
the 12th day of June, 1838, entitled 'An act concerning a
seminary of learning in the Terutory of Wisconsin,' are
hereby granted and conveyed to the State, to he appropii-
ated solely to tho use and support of such university, in
such manner as tho Lcgibfcuuie may prescribe.
" Third. That ten entire sections of laud, to be selected
and located under the direction ofthe LctrUIatmc, in legal
divisions of not less than one quaitcr section, fiom any of
the unappropiinted lands belonging to tiie (Tinted States
within the said State, are hereby granted to the said State,
(or the purpose of completing the public buildings of the
said Slate, or for the election ot others at the scat of gov-
ernment, under the direction ofthe Legislature thereof.
u Fourth. That all salt springs within said State, not ex-
ceeding twelve in number, with six sectiuns of land adjoin-
ing, or as contiguous as may be to each, shall be granted
to the State for its use; the same to be selected by the Le-
gislature thereof within one year after the admission of
s>aid State ; and when t-o selected to be used or disposed of
on such terms, condition*, and regulations as the Legis-
lature shall direct: Provided, That no salt spung or land
the right whereof is now vested in j.my individual or indi-
vidual-, ot which may hereafter be confirmed or adjudged
to any individual or individuals, shall, by tins section, be
granted to said State.
" Fifth. That five per ccnt. of the net proceeds of sales
of all public lands lying within the said State, which have
been or shall be sokl by Congress, from and after the ad-
mission of said State into the Union, after deducting all tho
expenses incident to the same, *hall be paid to the said
State for the purpose of making public roads and canals m
the same, as the Legislature shall direct: Provided''—
And here are the conditions upon which these
offers arc made—
"Piovided, That the foregoing proposition* herein offered
are on the condition that the said convention which shall
form the constitution of said State shall provide, by a
clause in said constitution, or an oidmance, irrevocable
without tiie consent of the United States, that said State
shall nevci inteifere with the primary disposal of the soil
within the same by the United Slates, nor with any regula-
tions Congress may find necessary for securing the title in
such soil to bona fi.le purchqgcis thereof; arufthat no tax
t-hull beitnpo&ed on lands the piopcrty ot the United States;
and that in no ca'-e ^iall non-ie^idont pioprietois be taxed
higher than resident?."
That is the proposition which Congress sub-
mitted to that convention. The convention ac-
cepted it, and incorporated these very clauses into
the body of the constitution. I think that makes
the contract complete. The Government of the
United States has thought the same, and has com-
plied with each one of these propositions except
the last. It has given us the sixteenth section
for school purposes; it has given us the seventy-
two sections for the suppoitof a university; it
has given us the ten sections of land for public
buildings; it has given us the salt springs and the
adjoining land; but it has not given us the five
per cent. fund. We have been endeavoring to
ascertain why the United States would not com-
ply with the whole contract as well as a part of
it. That is the question the Senate is called upon
to consider, why the Government shall not com-
ply with the last of these propositions and exe-
cute it. When we appeal to the Secretary of the
Interior to know why this five per cent, fund shall
not be paid over to the State we receive one rea-
son m reply. The Committee on Claims, which
has reported this resolution, assigned another rea-
son. I listened as carefully as 1 could to tho re-
marks of the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessen-
den] the other day to ascertain what his reason
was; butl really wasunable to comprehend what
his objection is to the payment of this fund to the
State of Wisconsin.
The resolution, as originally introduced, di-
rected the Secretary of the Interior to pay over
to the State of Wisconsin the amount of this fund,
deducting from it a fund admitted to be in the
h.ands of the State, arising from a source that I
shall presently explain. As reported back to the
Senate by the Committee on Claims it is amended
so as to require the Secretary instead of deducting
this set-off from the five per cent, fund, and re-
taining it in the Treasury of the United States, to
settle another account preferred by a corporation
in the State of Wisconsin known as the Rock
River Canal Company, and to discharge a claim
of that company out of this fund. That is the
difference between the resolution as it was origin-
ally presente'd to the Senate, and the amendment
agreed to by the Committee on Claims.
When I presented this resolution to the Senate
I acknowledged the existence of this fund in our
hands arising from that canal grant, and, assum-
ing that it ought not remain in our hands, I was
willing it should be deducted from this sum and
be retained in the Treasury of the United States,
to be disposed of as they thought just. The Rock
River Canal Company intervened and presented
their claims to the committee. The committee
thought that this fund, or part of it at ail events,
belonged to the company,and they directtheSec-
retary ofthe Interior to adjust that claim, ascer-
tain how much of it is just, and pay the company
out of this fund.
Mr. JOHNSON. How do the company claim
a portion ofthe fund?
Mr. HOWE. I will presently show how the
company claims it. You see, so far as the State
of Wisconsin is concerned, it is entirely indifFer-
ent to us what you do with this fund. Wo con-
cede that it does not belong to us. If it is the
judgment of Congress, as it was the judgment ot
the committee, that a part or the whole ot it be-
longs to that company, we are entirely willing
that it shall be paid to the company, and certainly
shall be very glad to have it paid to the company.
But this claim of the company and this contro-
versy with the Government grew out of an act of
the Congress of the United Strttes passed in 1838,
which made a giant of lands to the Territory ot
Wisconsin for tho purpose of aiding in opening a
canal to connect the waters of Lake Michigan with
those of Rock river. I really wish Senators would
nay a little attention to the terms of that grant.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the dateof the act?
Mr. HOWE. The 13th of June, 1838. It pro-
vides:
"That theie be, and hereby is, granted to the Temtory
ot Wi-eon^m, for the purpose ot aiding in opening a canal
to unite the waters of Lake Michigan, at Milwaukee, with
tho-e of Rock river, between the point of intei.section with
-aid liver, of the line dividing townships seven and eight
,nid the Lake Koshkonong,aU the land heietofore nototh-
eiwif-e appiopriated oi deposed of .in tho-tj sections and
fiavtiorial .seciionh which aie numbcied with odd numbers
on the plats of the public suiveys, with the bioadth of five
full sections, taken in noith and south or east and west
lien on each side of the mam route of said canal, from
one end thereof to the other, and receiving the even num-
lined Mictions and fractional actions, takun as above, to
the United States; and the said land so gianted to aid m
tho construction of said canal shall be subject to the dis-
posal of the Logi-latine of the said Tcrutorj, tor the purpo-e
aforesaid, and no other: Provided, That tiie said canal,
when completed, and tho branches thereof, >hall be, and
lorevei lemant, a pubitc highway, lor the u-e ot the Gov-
ernment ot the United States, free trom any toll or other
cliatge whatever foi any pioperty of the United States or
persons in their service pawng tlnough the same: Pro-
vided,, That said main canal shall be commenced within
three vears and completed m ten years, or the United States
sdmil be entitled to receive the amount for which any of
said land may have been previously told, and that the utle
to puidiasers under the Territory shall be valid."
From which I conclude that the Territory held
that money in trust, not for its own use, but for
the use of somebody else. That you will see by
and by.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from Wisconsin will
suspend his remarks. The morning hour having
expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair, under
the expiosa rule ofthe Senate, to call up for con-
sideration the special order of the day, the ua-.
finished business of the last sitting1, which is tho
bill (H. R. No. 395) to provide a national cur-
rency,secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, which is now before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE, (to Mr. Sherman.) Do you
want to go on with that bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes; it has been lai4
aside now for three days, and if the Senate lay it
aside again I do not know when we can get it up.*
This joint resolution for the relief of the State of
Wisconsin, if it goes over, will be the unfinished,
business of the morning, and will come up regu-
larly in the order of business to-morrow. I hope,
therefore, the Senator will let it go over.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that it would be better, perhaps, for the
Senator from Wisconsin to conclude hisargument
now,' and it will then appear connectedly in the
Globe.
Mr. SHERMAN. That may take some time,
and I do think that we ought now to go on with
this public business which has been delayed for
the last three days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order can be set aside for the time by common
consent; otherwise it can be done only by a formal
vote of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator, prob-
ably what time he would desire in which to pre-
sent his views.
Mr. HOWE. I should think three quarters of
an hour or an hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will al-
low this bill to be got out of the way. I do not
wish to be discourteous; but I cannot consent to
have this public bill laid aside for what I regard
as a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bank bill
is now before the Senate under the express rule
of the Senate, and can be postponed only upon
motion and by order of the Senate, on*a motion
and vote.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not submit a motion.
Mr. HARLAN. It has been usual in the Sen-
nfe to permit a Senator on the floor in the midst
of tin argument to conclude his remarks, and I
therefore submit a motion that the regular order
be passed over informally until the Senator from
Wisconsin concludes his speech.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am simply representing
here the public interests, and I must call for the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
Mr. GRIMES, (to Mr. Howe.) Which do
you prefer?
Mr. HOWE. I should prefer to go on now,
of course?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry to see this
struggle about the precedence of business; for my
experience is that we lose more time in thestrug-
gle than we gain to either measure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have made no struggle.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio that his is a public measure, and that
this joint resolution is in one sense aprivate meas-
ure, though it affects a State; butl suggest to him,
although it will be very unpleasant to set aside a
measure of public importance like that of which
lie has charge, still, as the Senator from Wiscon-
sin is in the midst of his remarks and prefers to
go on now, 1 think we*shall gain time by letting
him go through with his remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take but a few mo-
ments to call the roll. I have no objection to
other Senators voting to do that. I am simply
considering myself in the discharge of a duty
which is very unpleasant to me.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Oar!ile,Co]!amer,Conness, Cowan, Da-
vis, Duon, Doohttle, Foot, Ciuncs,' Hale, Harlan, Uariis,
Hendetson, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Mot pan,
Nesimth, Powell, Ramsey, Riddle, s? prague, Sumner,Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, WiUey, and Wil-
son—09.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Fessenden, Harding, Sherman,
and Ten Eyek— X
ABSENT—Me^rs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler, Clark,
Foster, ileiuhiek<5, lficks, Howard. Lane of Indiana, Mc-
DoiifNill, Moirill, Potneroy, Kichaidson, Saulsbuiy, and
Wnght—15.
So the motion Was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The farther
consideration of the currency bill is postponed,
