1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, it has been
usual in Post Office appropriation bills to insert
a contingent appropriation for $1,000,000 to be
paid out of the Treasury if the Post Office fund is
not sufficient for the fiscal year. It is believed,
that the fund for the next year will be sufficient;
but the disturbed condition of the country renders
it so uncertain that the Department thinks it ought
to have a contingent fund of $1,500,OOOin case the
Post Office fund should fail.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the votes
by which the several amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. FENTON. I ask leave to have the Mili-
tary Academy bill, (H. R. No. 34,) with the Sen-
ate amendments, taken from the Speaker's table
and referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
It was so ordered.
SALE OF SDKPLDS GOLD.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to proceed with
the unfinished business of yesterday.
The SPEAKER. Theregularorder of business
is the consideration of the Senate amendments
to the joint resolution of the House commonly
knownas thegold bill, the pending (question being
on the amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Holburd] to add the following proviso
to the Senate amendment:
Provided, That the obligation to create the sinking fund
accoidmg to the act of l,1ebiuary 25,1803, shall not ho im-
paired thereby.
The Senate amendment was reported, as fol-
lows:
Add to the bill:
And ho ia lioieby autllori/.ed to dispose of any (:oM in the
Treasury Of the United states not necessity lor tin; pay incut
of interest on the iiublie debt.
On the amendment the gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Higby] was entitled lo the lloor.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 suggest lo the House
whether, before we proceed to further discussion
of the bill, it may not be belter to have the vote
taken on the ponding amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to make an inquiry
at this stage of the proceedings: whether it is in
order to move an amendment to the amendment
offered by my colleague, [Mr. Hulburp?]
The SPEAKER. It is. The Senate amend-
ment is regarded as the original text.
Mr. PRUYN. The Senate has excepted from
the amount to lie sold such sum as may be neces-
sary to pay the lnteiest oil the public debl. I
propose to continue the exception which the Sen-
ate has created by adding to the Senate amend-
ment:
And exccpt also so much I he roof as is necessary to fulfill
the obligation to raise a sinking fund en cited by tiic act ot
February, is(>2.
If the gentleman from California [Mr. [(foar j
will allow me to explain my amendment, I would
like to do so, arid to have a vote, as suggested by
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevi.ns.]
Mr. H1GBY. If it is agreeable to the member
from New York to have the vote taken, as lec-
ommended by the member from Pennsylvania, I
shall have no objection,provided I shall have the
floor when that course has been pursued.
Mr. PRUYN. Certainly. I only ask one mo-
ment to explain the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The amendment now pioposed is that the sec-
ond clause shall not affect the obligation to laise
a sinking fund. Of course nothing that wc can
now do can affect that obligation. Hut the Sen-
ate, in order to meet one of the two points raised
by the act of February 25, 18G2, provided, by way
of an exception to the power they propose, to
sell the gold on hand—that so much of the gold
as is in the Treasury and is not requisite to pay
the interest on the public debt maybe sold.
Now, the obligation to create a sinking fund is
just as much a part of the act of Febuiary 25,
1802, as the obligation to pay the interest on the
public debt, and therefore this law should provide
for both just as much as one.
The intent which my colleague [Mr. flm,-
burb] no doubt had in view, is not, I think, reached
by his amendment. I move to add to thoexeep-
tion in the Senate amendment, therefore, in hcu
of the words proposed by my colleague," and to
raise the sinking fund required by the act of Feb-
ruary 25, 1862."
If this amendment should be adopted, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury would then have the power
to sell thegold in the Treasury, reserving as much
as may be necessary to provide for the payment
of interest on the public debt and for creating the
sin-king fund provided by the act of February 25,
1862, thus providing for meeting the two obliga-
tions incurred under the act of 1862.
Mr. KERN AN. I desire for a moment to call
attention to the language of the Senate amend-
ment. You will observe that it provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury " shall be authorized
to dispose of any gold in the Treasury of the
United States not necessary for the payment of
interest on the public debt."
Now, here is an express recognition of the au-
thority to dispose of all the gold in the Treasury
not necessary for that particular purpose. But
the amendment of my colleague [Mr. Hulburd]
proposes a further limitation in these words:
" provided that the obligation to create a sinking
fund according to the act of February 25, 18G2,
shall not be impaired."
hi other words, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may sell all thegold there is in the Treasury
not necessary to pay the interest on the public
debt; but, notwithstanding, the obligation to create
a sinking fund as required by the act of 1862
shall not be impaired. In other words, you may
sell the gold in violation of the obligation, but the
obligation is not thereby to be impaired. Clearly,
the Secretary would not feel himself limited in the
selling of all the gold not required for the payment
of interest irrespective of the obligation to create
a sinking fund.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say ft single word in
regard to this last pioposed amendment, and then
allow the vote to be taken upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that he may
call the previous question upon the amendments,
which will accomplish his object in obtaining a
vote upon the amendments, and the Senate amend-
ment will then be again open for debate.
Mr.STEVENS. I will,after making a remark
or i n. The obligation of the act of 1802 does
not require that this sinking fund shall be paid m
gold. 11 merely requires that there shall beset
aside so much of the duties on imports as will
amount to one percent, on the public debt.
Now, sir, what the amendment of my friend
from New Yoik [Mr. Uulrurd] provides for is
that if ihe Secietaiy of the Tieasury Iransfers
that one per cent., for instance, from coin into
greenbacks, he shall take the pioceeds of the sale
and purchase our bonds to that extent, which is
a full compliance with the obligation of the law
lo create a sinking fund. J call tiie previous ques-
tion upon the amendments now pending to the
Senate amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Pruyn to
the amendment of'Mr. IIui.buhi) was disagieed to.
The amendment of Mr. liul.r.nan to the
amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Mr. HIGiiY. 1 should forbear making any
remarks upon the proposition which is now pend-
ina: before the House after the very lengthy de-
bate that has occurred upon it, if I did not regard
it as n measure of very gieat importance, and one
which will have a very material bearing upon llie
financial well-being of tin; country.
The principle embraced in the original bill as
it passed the i louse was, to my mind, fair, lea-
sonalile, and just, although I was not present to
vote upon It on its passage. 1 f'lheio be a surplus
of gold in the Treasury, let (he payment of in-
terest be anticipated upon the public debt, and let
the public wants thus be relieved.
It is said, sir, that paper is lower in value, or
that there is a wide difference between the value
of gold and the value of paper on account of the
scarcity of gold in the market. If the means are
provided by that resolution to open the Treasury
and send its contents, the gold there deposited,
into the channels of circulation, to the rrhef of
the market, then that remedy is provided and the
difficulty removed.
Bat, sir, the proposition of the House went to
the Senate, and it was returned to us with ail
amendment, by which power is given to one of
the national officials to go into the market and
compete with the citizens who have gold; that is,
to make the Government, like citizens, the pur-
chaser of its own paper. Persons thus operating
in the money streets of New Yorkcity have been
characterized over and over again, not only in
public discussions but in private conversation, as
gamblers in stocks—a system of speculation out
of the ordinary channels of legitimate business.
I have no doubt, sir, of the truth of the declara-
tions when used, and that the words were rightly
applied.
It has been said, and particularly to this House,
for the purpose, probably, of operating upon timid
minds, that while this very question has been un-
der discussion gold was so sensitive in the market
that it had risen several per cent, in price by rea-
son of the opposition to this Senate amendment.
Just as if the discussion of this proposition that
the Senate has appended to the House resolution
is affecting the market in the city of New York!
Money Bag will increase or lessen the price of
gold. When Money Bag hoards his gold that
is sufficient, without discussion in this Hall, to
lessen the price of paper from five to ten per cent,
in the streets of New York. Money Bag con-
trols. It is not discussion, it is not conversation
in reference to this question here, but it is Money
Bag, through his croakers, that does it. Upon
the streets, at every corner, in the byways and
in public places, they are not only whispering but
talking, and timid minds are always yielding to
these influences. Money Bag, when he has all
the gold, has accomplished his purpose, and then
at heavy discount he can purchase all the paper
he wants-. When Money Bag has paid out all
he wants, and wishes to part with his paper, then
the croakers are at work again on the streets and
in private, places. They again begin to blow up
this paper and to give it value. When the value
of the paper is increased by this process the pa-
per goes outand goldcomesm again; and Money
Bag has thus added thousands to what he had
before. Yet we hear that while we are discussing
here, gold has increased m demand and paper has
lessened in value several per cent. Shame on
such arguments, if it is pretended that this dis-
cussion is the cause. If the paper of the Govern-
ment is so sensitive that two or three hours of
discussion will make it fall in price five or ten per
cent., what a poor, miserable credit has this rich
and powerful Government about which we talk
so much I
Mr. Speaker, there is one principle alone in volved
in this question as it comes from the Senate to
us. It is that in the speculation that is carried on,
a gambling speculation now carried on by indi-
viduals for profit and loss, the Government shall
have restraint taken from it,and that a high offi-
cial shall go down into the arena and be a greater
"bull" or "bear" than any of them. That is
the proposition contained in this resolution with
the amendment of the Senate. I have yet to learn,
although we have been told by members on tills
iloor duung this debate, that it is our duty to fol-
low the lead of the committees of this House. I
have yet to learn, sir, that gambling is to be
broken up by some one jotning with the offend-
ing crowd and betting higherand offending more
greatly than the accused, or persons charged with
violating law or public decency or morals. Think
of a father teaching his son the sin of profanity,
according to this piinciple,by using more profane
language than his son, and attempting in this way
to break him of his sinful habit!
In ordci to break up this gambling in gold, the
Government is to be empowered to go down with
its millions upon the maiket, and when it gets
there it will be a greater gambler than the indi-
vidual by the difference between millions and
thousands. This Government stamps upon Us
gold its value as twenty, ten, or five dollars, and
circulates it among the people. The Government
also, in a great public necessity like this, coins
its credit and stamps upon us paper its five, ten,
and twenty dollars, and sends that out also. Now,
I am opposed to this Government taking its gold
in one hand and going down upon 'Chang$ to the
individual who holds its paper in his hands and
bartering with him, and trying to gtt more than
twenty dollars in paper for twenty dollars in gold.
And when gentlemen tell me that we are going to
strengthen the finances of our Government by
