2120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and the joint resolution (S. No. 8) for the relief
of the State of Wisconsin is before the Senate ,on
which the Senator from Wisconsin is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HOWE. I am really obliged to the Sen-
ate for this kindness, and I will endeavor not to
abuse it.
I was remarking that this first section which I
had read made this grant to the Territory not for
its own use or benefit, but for some other use,
and what it was 1 shall state presently. Accord-
ing to my understanding of the act, it imposed
no obligation, no responsibility, no liability upon
that Territory whatever except to administer the
trust, and pay over the money to whoever was
entitled to it. The money arising from this grant
was dedicated to the specific purpose of building
this canal. There is this proviso, to wit:
"Provided, Thnt said main canal shall be commenced
within three yeais and completed in ten years, or the Uni-
ted States shall be entitled to reeeive the amount, for which
any of said land may have been previously sold, arid that the
title to purchasers under the Teriitory shall be valid."
This proviso has been argued by various per-
sons as if itgave of itself the Government of the
United States the right to demand of the Terri-
tory, or of the State which has succeeded the Ter-
ritory, this fund in case the canal was not com-
pleted; that it imposed upon that Territory and
to-day imposes upon the State the obligation to
repay to the United States tho proceeds of this
grant if the canal was not completed. 1 dissent
from that view of it altogether. It imposes no
such obligation upon the Territory, and no obli-
gation at ail is imposed upon the Territory ex-
cept to administer the trustaccording to the terms
of this act. I deny altogether that the Territory
was made to guaranty the completion of this
work. The duty was not charged upon the Ter-
ritory; the duty was charged upon the company.
The company had been chartered by the Legis-
lature of that Territory, but at that time tho Ter-
ritorial Legislature could not pass an act of any
validity if the Congress of the United States dis-
sented to it, and in this very act Congress gives
its assent to that act of incorporation.
The act then goes on to fix the price of thcland.
It then provides in the fifth section that when the
State of Wisconsin shall be created it shall be en-
titled to an amount of stock in this company equal
to the whole nmountof the proceeds of this grant
which had been invested in the construction of
the canal. But that stock was to be held by the
Suite not for its own use. It could derive no ben-
efit, no profit, no advantage from the stock. It
was to be entitled to the eurnetl dividends upon
that stock; but thosc-dividends were to be applied
under the express terms of tins act, fffst, to tho
extinguishment of the stock in the hands of in-
dividuals. ^ When the stock of individuals was
all extinguished, then the whole stock ofthe canal
would be in the Slate; but to what end, or for
what purpose ? Not that tho State might enjoy
the toll or any profits from the operation of the
canal; but to the end to make itafiee water chan-
nel expressly restricted, in levying tolls, to levy-
ing so much only as should keep the canal ill re-
pair. Under the very terms of tins act, there-
fore, neither the Territory of Wisconsin nor the
State of Wisconsin could derive any benefit frqji)
this giant.
Now, 1 insist that it is not a fair, but a very
unfair iriterpi etatiori of this statute to say that it
was a grant of this land to the Territory, which
was a ward of the General Government, which,
according to the theory of your own laws, could
make no contract whatever and assume no lia-
bility whatever under her own contract; that it
made this grant to a ward of the Governmentout
of which that ward could got no benefit whatever
under any ciicumstances, and yet imposed upon
that ward the obligation of completing this canal.
J. his idea is entorced still further when you
look at the tenth section, which provides
'•That Congress"—
Not the Legislature of the Territory nor the
Legislature of the State—
"That Coimres- may at any time until said Territory
shall be admitted as a State, prescribe ami regulate the tolls
to be received by said company; and alter said Territory
shall be admitted as a Stale the l,c isJatuic thereof shall
till' like powei; and said act of nicorponittoii is
iieicby approved, subject to the modification and conditions
aforesaid."
So that by this act you made this grant to the
^ May 5,
Territory; you enabled the Territory to sell the
land; you instructed the Territory to pay over the
money to this very company. You created in
this act the very agency which should expend the
money; you declared the very purpose for which
it should be expended; and you provided that you
yourselves would regulate the tolls to be imposed
on this canal if it should be completed. There
was no power in the world given to the Territory
but to sell the land and pay over the money.
Now, from what clause of this act, or from
whatconsideration, equitable or otherwise,arising
on it, can any one assert that the Territory was
niade to guaranty the construction of this canal
within ten years or within any time? If to day
Congress should undertake to make a grant of
lands, or a grant of money, to any one of your
Territories, and direct them to invest that fund in
the stock of a particular company, specifying the
company, and yet should instruct that Territory
that they must see that a certain railroad to the
Pacific, if you please, or anywhere else, should
be completed within a given number of years, or
that the Territory, having paid out this money,
should pay it back again to the Government,
would it not be thought a very onerous and very
unjust imposition upon the Territory?
But the sixth section of this act makes the point
that I am urgingstill clearer. No previous clause
intimates that the Territory shall pay back this
money under any circumstances whatever; but
the sixth section of the act does say that the State
of Wisconsin shall be held responsible to- the
United States for the payment into the Treasury
thereof of the proceeds of those lands, unless the
canal is completed; and if the seventh section had
not followed it, it would have raised a strong ar-
gument in favor of the proposition that the State
ought to refund the whole proceeds of this grant;
but the seventh section declares:
" That in order to render effectual the provisions of tlih
act, the LcgMatuie of the State to be erected or admitted
out of the tenitory now compuscd in \ Vis-con.*, in T  iriloi} ,
east of the Mississippi, shall give tlieir assent to the same
by act to be duly passed."
Thus the first political body which is made to
assume any obligation under this act is not the
Territory of Wisconsin, but the State of Wiscon-
sin, and the State of Wisconsin is not made to
assume any obligation under it until its Legisla-
ture shall have assented to it. The State of Wis-
consin was not created until ten years after this
grant had passed Congress. The time for com-
pleting the canal had then expiied, or did expire
that very season. The canal had not been com-
pleted. Tho State of course never did by its Le-
gislature give its assent to this grant, and did not
assume this obligation. It had got no value out
ot the grant. It had nothing in the world with
which to respond for the pioceeds of the grant.
Of couise it did not assent and never was asked
to assent to the grant, and therefore tins sixth
section never became operative, never imposed
any obligation upon the State.
But, sir, wc nevertheless have an obligation. It
iji not the obligation, as I have said before, to ro-
tund to the United States tho proceeds of this
grant, but it is an obligation to refund to some- '
body, whoever is entitled to it, the company or
the United States, that portion of the proceeds of
the grant which we have not paid over at all.
The simple fact is that oficr this enterprise of con-
structing the canal had been prosecuted for a
series of yeais, the Legishituie of the Territory of
Wisconsin came to the conclusion that the canal
was not likely to be completed; that it was likely
to prove n failure. If then they went on paying
over this money to the company, they came to
the conclusion the canal never would lie com-
pleted but the whole fund would be nbsoibed in
it, and there would be nothing to repay to the
Government or to lepay to the company. Upon
that idea the Legislature acted. It stopped pay-
ing over money to the company. It continued to
soli the lands and itappropnated the pioceeds to
its own use.
The Senatorfrom Maine the otherday read some
resolutions adopted by that Legislature which lie
construed into a covenant on tlie pait ofthe Le-
gislature, a pledge of its faith and of the State
which was to succeed it, that it would refund
these proceeds to the canal company. Tho Sen-
ator was mistaken about that. The Legislature
did not undertake to repay these moneys to the
canal company, but to restore them to the canal
fund. They assumed the obligation of keeping
the fund intact, ready to be paid over to whoever
was entitled to it; and. the question still is, whether
the Government of the United States is entitled
to it or the canal company.* We have the fund;
we are willing, as I said before, to pay it over to the
Government or the company, and let it be taken
out of the money which you owe us.
Thus, Mr. President, when the State of Wis-
consin was admitted into the Union about one
hundred and twenty-five thousand acres of these
lands had been sold by tlie Territory; the canal
had not been completed; there were about thir-
teen thousand acres of the grant unsold. Atthat
time you agreed that we might take that thirteen
thousand acres as a part of the five hundred thou-
sand acres which you had promised to tlie State,
and which you give to all States when they are
admitted into the Union. That was a new con-
tract between the State and the United States.
We took that thirteen thousand acres, a part of
the grant dedicated to this work, and we paid you
for it by indorsing it on the five hundred thousand
acres to which we were entitled.
Out of the proceeds derived from the one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand acres that we had
sold—i speak in round numbers; that is not the
exact number of acres—we had paid a certain por-
tion to the canal company; the balance is in our
hands. We are willing to dispose of it as you
say is right. As I have already remarked, the
lesolution as it was introduced proposed to leave
it in the Treasury. The resolution as it now
stands amended by the committee proposes that
at the same time you settle with us you shall set-
tle with the canal company and ascertain how
much of this fund is due to them, and it shall be
paid to them. With that we are entirely content,
of course. It ought to go to those to whom it is
due, and you ought to settle with the canal com-
pany and ascertain how much of it is due to them.
Whatever is due to them you ought to pay them.
In the Department of the Interior there is an
account stated with the State of Wisconsin. We
are credited on your books kept in that Depart-
ment with this whole five per rent. fund. Thatisa
clear recognition of an obligation to account to us
for that fund under the act which I first iead,the
Qct of 1846. How have you discharged that ob-
ligation? In those same books it is discharged
by charging the State of Wisconsin with these
one hundred and twenty-five thousand acres of
land at $2 50 an acre. Upon what principle is
that charge made ? First, they assume that the
State was made liable under the terms of this
grant to repay the United States for this grant in
case the canal wasnotcompleted. ! havealready
shown that no such obligation was imposed upon
the Territory, or the State by that act. They
charge the lands to us at £2 50 an acre, because
the sixth section of the act of 1838 said that that
should be the price at which we should pay for
them. I have already shown that we were not
to pay for them at all until we agreed to do so by
an net of the Legislatuie. Congress, vou see,
reasoned that the canal would be built; "that the
building of the canal would make the lands worth
$2 50 an Hero, and that they would sell for 50
an acre; but the canal n^yer was built, the lands
never were sold for $2 50 an acre, and the al-
ternate sections which were reserved to the Gov-
ernment of the United States were reduced to
#1 25 an acre; and yet we are charged with the
granted sections at ^2 50 an acre.
Now, what sort of dealing or tiansaclion does
that exhibit between the Government of the Uni-
ted States and the State of Wisconsin? First,
you make a grant of one half of a given body of
lands to the Ten itory. Yon instruct the Tern-
toiy to sell those lands and pay the money u\er
to an ngent that you name. That agent has the
umestneted disposition of the money. We must
pay it to the agent. It does what it pleases wiih
it. It is directed, to be sure, to use it in the con-
struction of this canai, but if it buys other lauds,
or sheep, or ships, or anything else, the Tei rnory
hat? no right and no power to control if, and is
uiteviy helpless except it does what the Tenuory
did do, stop paying over the money. We can-
not control the expenditure of a doilai. It o-oea
into the hands of the very agent you nppnjnt.
You tell us to do that; and yet you say, according
to the theory on which this account is made up
