1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
in the Interior Department, that if the canal is not
built, if the work isnot done which youdesigned
to hdve done when you made the grant, if the
agent which you appoint, and not which the Ter-
ritory appoints, docs not do its duty, then the
Territory or the State shall p;iy you back twice
what the lands are worth. The lands were then
in maiket at $1 25 an acre. One half the lands
were granted to us. You get $1 25 for one half,
and, although the work is not done, you make us
pay $2 50 for the other half. Is not that twice
what the lands are worth? Do you not make ten
shillings an acre on one half of that body of land
by that mode of accounting? Because your agent
does not do its duty, you get ten shillings for half
the land and twenty shillings for the other half;
whereas, before you made the grant, you offered
the whole of them to anybody at ten shillings an
acre. By this mode of accounting under your act
and not under ours, you make $1 25 an acre out
of the State of Wisconsin on one hundred and
thirty-eightthousand acres of land. It is as clear
as anything can be. The Stategetsno advantage
whatever. The canal company does not build
the canal.
The present Commissioner of the Land Office
has reconsidered this subject, and is now very
clearly of the opinion that the Government, if
they had the right to charge the State of Wiscon-
sin with anything, had no right to charge it for
those lands at more than $1 25 an acre. In that
view I believe he was sustained by the late Sec-
retary of the Interior. Wc propose, therefore,
in the resolution as it was introduced into the Sen-
ate, to account for those lands at §1 25 an acre,
but we say that you should deduct from that as
much money as we paid over to the company.
I put it to the Senate if that is not just, if that
ought not to be deducted. We paid it over to the
company because you directed us to pay it over,
and having paid it to the company in accordance
with your direction to this agent appointed by
yourselves, is there any honesty or any fairness
or any justice in requiring us to pay it back again
into the Treasury of the United States; to pay it
twice? That is the question. All the money we
have out of this giant we offer here to account
for. That which we have paid over in accord-
ance with your express instructions we do not
want to account for, we cannot afford to account
for, we ought not to account for.
Mr. President, I cannot conceive how I can
make this claim any clearer than the preceding
statement has made it, so far as it depends upon
the terms of these two acts. I do not think there
is a Senator on this floor who will stand up nnd
say that, as a matter of law, the act of 1838,
making this grant to the Territory of Wisconsin,
imposed any obligation upon the Territory what-
ever, except to pay that money over to the com-
pany, or to the United States if it did not pay it
over to the company. That we are willing to do.
But it is said by some that this liability of the
State grows out of a subsequent act. When the
people of Wisconsin formed their State constitu-
tion they assented, as 1 have said, to each one of
these propositions upon which you promised us
this five percent, fund; but they passed so me other
lesolutions asking Congress to do certain other
things. They were not part of the constitution;
they were not embodied m the constitution; but
they were resolutions submitted to Congress and
submitted to the people with the constitution.
And among other things they ask you to permit
them to apply this five per cent, fund to the sup-
port of common schools instead of applying it to
the building of roads and canals. You assented .
to that, but you assented to it with this proviso: j
CiProvided, That the liabilities ittcm red l>\ the teuiioiial ;
government of \Vi~conmii iimb-i tlx: net I'Utitkd 'An art |
to giant a quantity of land to the Teriit"rv ot W^oon-in '
for the putpo-e of mdim? in opening a canal toeonneet the ;
waiets ol Lake Michigan with tho-e ot Rock river.' shall ,
bo p iid and diieli.uyed by said .-State." j
Upon that proviso you were willing that we
should apply this five per cent, fund to the sup-
port of schools instead of the making of roads
and canals; and now upon that proviso there are
those who argue that the State really agieed to '
pay back this whole fund as charged by the Sec- j
retary of the Interior. Would not that be a very 1
extravagant interpretation to put upon that pro- ;
viso ? You had formerly proposed to us to pay us ;
this fund, which now amounts to about two hun- ■
dred and fifty thousand dollars, for a considera-
tion. We paid you that consideration. You pro-
posed to give it to us to be applied to roads and
canals, and we paid you the consideration. Then
we asked you to let us apply it to the support of
schools instead of roads and canals; and accord-
ing to this interpretation of the proviso you are
made to say, " Yes, you may apply this$250,000
to the support of schools and not to the support
of roads, provided you will pay us $313,000,>y
which I believe is about the amount which you
have charged against us now. You will let us
apply $250,000 to schools instead of roads, pro-
vided wewil! not take the $250,000atall, but will
pay you about sixty-three thousand dollars in ad-
dition. Thatis the real English of that proviso,
according to this interpretation. It is most ex-
travagant, most unjust.
But, sir, I ask Senators to look at the terms of
the proviso. We are called upon to assume noth-
ing but the liabilities already incurred by theTer-
litory of Wisconsin. What were those liabilities?
I have already argued that there was no liability
existing against the Territory of Wisconsin ex-
cept to pay out the money which she derived
from this grant. Part of it she had paid out, part
she had not paid out, but has got it now and is
willing to account for it. That is the only lia-
bility she had, and that is the only liability that
is imposed upon the State by the terms of this
proviso. If anybody can show me any other ex-
isting liability against the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, I am at a loss to know where they will find it.
The Senator from IVJaine made some remarks
the other day which I regretted extremely. I
thought they weie calculated if not intended to
prejudice the Senate against this application of
the State.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sena-
tor I will ask him a question, and that is as to the
present condition of the canal and the prospects
of its completion.
Mr. 110 WE. There is no prospect of the canal
ever being completed. How much work was ever
done on it I do not know precisely; but nothing
in the likeness of a canal lias ever been constructed.
There was a race constructed along for a short
distance by the Milwaukee river as it passed
tli rough the city of Milwaukee, and there are some
dams there and some water-power created and
used. There roay be some locks. I do notknow
how that is. I never examined the work; but it
does not extend probably more than two or three
miles out ofthe city ofMiUvaukee and right along
the bank of the river. There probably was work
done outside of those limits; how far I do not
know. It Ikis probably been twenty years since
there has been any work done on the canal.
The Senator from Maine commented upon the
delay, the negligence, exhibited by the State of
Wisconsin in prosecuting this claim. He spoke
of it as if it was a claim sprung upon Congress
at this time after we had slept upon it a great
many years. Allow me to say, sir, we have not
slept upon it at all, so far as 1 know. The Scc-
retaiy of the Interior has recognized your liabil-
ity all along from year to year; he has given the
State of Wisconsin ciedit for the five per cent, of
the proceeds of the public lands sold in that State.
So we found upon your books our claim recog-
nized just as we present it here. The difficulty
in the way was that you chaiged us with funds
which we denied ourobligation to pay. Wehnve
constantly and uninterruptedly been endeavoring
to persuade the Secietary of the Interior that that
j charge was unjust, to get him to correct it, and
! then our claim was recognized just as we insisted
1 that it should be. The Seetetary has disclaimed
' the auihoiity to adjust this matter with us, and
: wc are finally driven, after this long struggle with
! the Executive Departments of the Government,
| to come to Congi ess: and we are here. It is late,
to be sure; but that is our misfoi tune and notour
; fault, and it is your great advantage; for you have
had this money lying in your Treasury, and we
i hove lost the interest of it all these years. You
! ought not to fine us, or punish us, or confiscate
I the claim because of that. We are here now,
' and we piopose to stay here. I hope the Senate
; will at this time recognize the justice of this
j claim, which I lx Sieve is as palpable as if it rested
, upon one of your bonds, and that this will be the
| end of the controversy.
ThePRESIDENTpn? tempore. Thequestion
is on agreeing to the amendment reported from
the Committee on Public .Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN, I' suppose the resolution
go.es over, as a matter of course now,- and the spe-
cial order comes up. The motion was simply to
postpone the special order until the Senator from
Wisconsin concluded his remarks.
Mr. HOWE. If any one else wishes to dis-
cuss it, I am willing' it should go over; but if we
are prepared to take the vote now, I presume the.
Senator will not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The present
incumbent was not in the chair when the special
order was laid aside, and was not aware of the
nature of the motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I made the motion in this
way, 1 believe—that was my intention—that the
Senator from Wisconsin be permitted to conclude
his argument. I will say to him that I desire to
submit a very few remarks on the question be-
fore the final vote is taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope then it will go over.
I move, if it is necessary to submit a motion,
that this resolution be postponed and the special
order of the day taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
395) to provide a national currency, secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have an amendment that
1 desire to propose; but it is suggested to me that
I had better offer it in the Senate, and therefore
I will not offer it at present.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on concurring m the Senate with the
amendments made as in Committee ofthe Whole.
How shall the question be taken on the amend-
ments, together or separately?
Mr. GRIMES. Separately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desired to offer an
amendment in committee. I do not know that it
is very material whether I offer it in committee or
in the Senate. I understood the honorable Sena-
tor from Vermont had an amendment to submit,
and I supposed that he would submit his amend-
ment before I submitted mine.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desired to submit an
amendment to an amendment of the committee,
and I thought if we went into the Senate and
passed on the amendments of the commiitee I
should not have the liberty to offer my amend-
ment before they were passed upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They willbe
taken up seuuUm, and the Senator will have an
opportunity to move an amendmentto the amend-
ments ofthe committee as they come along.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I can have it acted
upon in the Senate, it is all very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
doubt on that point. The question will be on
concurring in the first amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, which will be read.
The first amendment was in section one, line
fourteen, after the word "President" to strike
out the words " by and with the advice and con-
sent ofthe Senate;" so that the clause will read:
The chief officer of the said bureau shall he dnmiimi-
aied the Comptroller of the Currency, and -hall ho under
the genei.i! diieetioii of the Seeictaiyof theTiea-ury. lie
MiaH he appointed by the Pi evident, on the recommenda-
tion of flit' Si-CHMary of the Tiea?uiy, by and with the ad-
vice and eoiwnt of the Senate, an<M all liolil ins- office
for the term of live yeart>, unless sooner removed by the*
Pies-ident.  
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to renew the
amendment that I offered when the bill was in
committee to that amendment, which was, to in-
sert in lieu of the woids proposed to be stricken
out the following words: "upon reasons to be
communicated by him to the Senate." That
amendment will accomplish the object had in view
; by the House of Representatives, and at the same
time it will not invade the prerogatives of the
Piesident in making the removal.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
