1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
the settlementof the accountsof J. N.Carpenter,
a paymaster in the United States Navy.
UNEMPLOYED GENERAL OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER stated the regular ofdcr of
business to be the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 69) to drop from the rolls of the
Army unemployed general officers, postponed un-
til to-day, upon which the gentleman,from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Having stated at the time
this joint resolution was reported all that I desired
to say in explanation of it, I do not propose at
this time to claim my right to the floor-. The joint
resolution was reported to the House by the Com-
, mittee on Military Affairs in response to a resolu-
tion passed by the House referring the subject.
I do not propose to detain the House with any
remarks in reference to it, unless amendments or
remarks in opposition to it should render it neces-
sary.
_ Mr. COX. I move to amend the joint resolu-
tion by_ adding the following proviso:
Provided, That whoueverany officer comprehended in this
act shall demand a board ot inquiry according to the rules
and regulations in such caso*, aiul who shall he willing to
serve, that such board shall be forthwith convened; :uut il
said boaid shall lind him competent toeommand in the rank
to which he ts entitled, he shall be at once ie>tort;d to aeijvo
service with full pay. Jlndpi oHdcd further/Vhtw all oiliccr*
Who have received the thanks of Congress during the pres-
ent war shall be exempted fioia the provisions of this act.
Mr. KERNAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will offer a substitute for the whole resolu-
tion.
Mr, COX. I will yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to strikeout all after
the preamble of (he joint resolution, and to insert
.in its place the following:
Be it resolved foj the Scnateand House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
a« *oon practicable after tho pa^ngo hcicot the IVm-
<Ie t of the Halted States sh At! designate and cau^e to con-
vene a board of competent miluaiy oUleeis, to enmiM of
three uiajoi geneiath, three Imgadirr geneials. and Hare
colonels, which boaid ssliall, under wgul.mmx, to b<- pio-
scubed by thoSi-eietary of War, make a careful  '\,uimia-
tion into the competency, lilne*-, ;uuj elhcieney toi eoni-
nrmiul of such major qwieuils andhu^ndier in the
service of tlie United .State* who, on the \>t dav ot April'
A. />. iNil, ultail nut he in (he peiformanee ot dui> or M;r-
v"'" < <>' i< -poiidii)" u iih their i.mk nml grade, and who shall
not have boji eieja^cd in such duty or t-eiviec lor thire
niouthii eoiitmuou^ly next piioi to that date, and icport to
the Secretary ol War the names and tank oi each ot such
(ienorulrt who, in the opinion of ^aid hoard, -Onil! be inca-
pable of Ctheiemly and piopeily perlonninir the duties ot
hit; lank m tho service. And each olheei who, by the ie-
jMut of h«ud bo,mi, is totinii ineapable of pioperiy'and eth-
cient/y pei forming ifu> duii<^ ni'liis i ,uilc,-hall, if Mich opin-
ion and report be approved by the Purulent ol the United
Males, be then dropped tioni the loll-i of the At my of ihe
United ytate-i, and ail the pay and nllovvanee and emolu-
ments ot such <jeneiaj odirera so diopped -hall ocmm* fioin
that date, and tile vacntii'io*> so occasioned may he filled hv
new piomotionsand appointments as m oilier ea*-e>. But
no ofiicer ix to be consideu-d a* included :u th<; Jbreyom"
provision wliohe absence iiom duly -shall have been occa-
sioned by wotuuU received oi disease contracted in the
line ot his duty while in the military M-rvice of the IJniied
htates, or by his being a prisoner ot wm m the hand-of the
enemy or under parole; ami any major genetaj ot volun-
teers, or brigadier general ot volunteer*., who may have
heon.ipps hited from the le^uhi Army under the auihoutv
given in action four of the act appioved Jitlv JS(H, "to
authori7.« the eiriploymentof volunteer io;ud in enloteiii"
(lie law." and pi ousting public piopeirv," and the act*
mnciidat ry thereof, who shall he so dropped from rhe ioIN,
shall not 'hereby he discharged from the set vice ot the 1.1 in-
^tate*, but himii be \ emitted to ins position and duty as
au olhcei o{ the regular Army.
Mr. < 'OX. Mr. Speaker, I presume that the
principal object of my colleague [Mr. Schenck]
in pressing this bill,and which hoavowed the other
day, i  an economical one. l ie disclaimed havino-
any intention to strike at any particular officer or
officers. I am bound to accept his disclaimer.
Mr.SGHENCK. I bog leave to coirect my col-
league in one particular. That was part of the rea-
son I assigned. The object was economical on the
one hand, and on the other to make ruom for the
prumotion'ot those who are pel forming the duties
of those officeis. it iiad that doable object, and
it will have that double effect.
Mr. COX. Very well, I understand that. He
disclaimed that anything: personal was intended
by this bill, and I accept that disclaimer in tlie
spirit in which it was made. The remarks i have
to offer will indicate the effect, of the bill upon cer-
tain officers of the Army.
Some time ago this House passed a resolution
inquiring of the War Department what general
officers wore unemployed, and what general offi-
cers were employed, in duties below their grade.
To that the Vt^ir Department made reply. 1 have
it before me, Executive Document No. 5. 1 have
analyzed and classified it. I find that twenty
major generals and forty-seven brigadier generals
are relieved from service, or were at that time re-
lieved, making in all sixty-seven officers. One
tiling will strikeevery gentleman,and that is this:
all of these officers, with the exception of twenty-
two, are reported as employed in some service,
valuable service, though it may be below their
rank. Some are employed as agents for pris-
oners, commissaries, quartermasters, and upon
courts-martial, and many as superintendents of
depots for drafted and enlisted men. All the offi-
cers enumerated in this report are actively and
usefully employed, except twenty-two. This
fact lessens tho force of my colleague's economic
argument.
Although these officers are employed in scrvice
not equal to their rank, yet they are rendering
very faithful and indispensable service to the Gov-
ernment, which would have to be rendered by some
one else, perhaps by officers of inferior ability as
well as grade. The Government has its full con-
sideration for their service; and there is no ques-
tion of economy as to them. As to the rest the
question of economy can be settled by the Presi-
dent, who has it in his power, without our action,
to dismiss these officera and strike them from the
pay-roll. But as I understand tho nmtter, even
if the President should do this, the Government
will only save about three hundred thousand dol-
lars per annum by this measure—the salaries of
about twelve officers—a sum for a year not one
tenth of what is required to carry on this Admin-
istration for a single day! One or two of these
relieved officers have staffs. General Fremont
has four of his staff Willi him now. Medullar)
has none of his staff.
Of these twenty-two unemployed, one is put
down vis being in piiaun—General Neal Dow —
and another as being lit Congress, my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Smith] who now stands by my
side.
Mr. SMITH. With tho permission of my
friend from Ohio, I desire to make a brief state-
ment of how my name happened to get on that
list which has been sent heie by the Secretary of
War. It is stated that I was relieved from duty
when this lepoi t was made. My lesignation was
made on the 20th ofSeptember, 1863, to take ef-
fect on the 1st of December following, a few days
before the meeting of Congress. 1 had been m
the service actively until the 20th of September,
when I was put on recruiting duty in tho State of
Kentucky, At the time the repoit was made I
was out of office, my resignation having taken
(.'fleet oil the 1st of December.
I have felt that it was due to myself to make
this statement. I do not want it to go out that 1
was iclieved from duty before my resignation
was accepted. It is, however, due to the Secre-
tary of War to say that the resignation sent by
rue from the field was not, for some reason or
other, i eceived until after rhe meeting of Congress,
and my attention was called to it. The mistake
was coi reeled in the Department, and they prom-
ised to give me a statement to that effect, but I
have not yet received it. I have never been in the
field without a command, and every command I
have hatl has dune its duty.
_Mr. COX. f am glad that the gentleman from
Kentucky has it in his power to make this state-
ment. I have 110 doubt that it is satisfactory to
everybody.
Several of these twenty-two generals thus un-
employed have been relieved because of wounds.
They are Generals Sickles, Hatch, Tower, Bar-
low, Paul, Howlcy, and others. Tills bill should
not, and properly docs not, affect them. Now let
us see who are to be affected. It, reaches then only
aboutadozen unemployed ofuceis. All tlie econ-
omy of tho bill is reduced to thceo officers. Who
are they? They are Geiieials McClellaii, Fre-
mont, Hue!!, Wallace, McConk, Crittenden, Afjl-
roy, Oglesby, HartsulT, Andrew Porter. Aber-
crombie.aud Roberts. I may omit one or two
from inadvertence, i see by the morning papers
that General Wallace is assigned to active duty.
As a matter of course Milroy will be employed.
That may be the case with others that 1 have
named. These, then,are all that will be affected
by this bill. All the saving, then, will be the sal-
ary of these dozen generals. Is it fair and just
to strike them from the rolls of the Army because
they have been relieved by the caprice or under
the prejudices of the President, the Secretary of
War, or General Halleck? If, in the opinion of
the President, they are no longer serviceable to
the Government, why does he not dismiss them?
He has the power. Why devolve it upon Con-
gress ? Why does not the Executive assume the
responsibility?
Many of these officers who are to be affected
by this bill left civil life for the Army and sacri-
ficed positions of profit and honor to their patri-
otic duties. General McClellan left an employ-
ment of $10,000 a year at the call of Governor
Dennison,of Ohio, to take the command in West-
ern Virginia, where his services were so signal
and successful. Since then he has sacrificed every-
thing he had made in civil life, and lives now
upon a salary less than he could obtain elsewhere.
Under such circumstances, I ask, is it fair to drop
him from the rolls of the Army ? I ask it, as a mat-
ter of ordinary pecuniary fairness. Not that he
would wish to be retained. I do not suit my vote
on this bill to liis wishes, for I know that if his
wishes were consulted I should make no Sppo-
sition to this measure. I place it upon higher
grounds, that of common justice to a faithful and
accomplished soldier.
I know very well the argument of economy will
be used here, and should be considered always in
this House. I wish it were used more frequently.
But there is something more involved in this bill
than economy. If these generals are dropped in
this particular way, it will seem to be a taint upon
their honor. The only way to drop them in a fair
and militaiy way is by the amendment which I
have proposed or by tho amendment of my hon-
orable friend from New York, [Mr. Kernan.]
It should be done by a board of inquiry. They
should examine to see whether these officers, thus
to bo ruled out of service because of political or
other reasons, are fit to do that duty for which
they were originally called into the service. I
would like to read a report from a board stigma-
tizing McClellan, Buell, and Crittenden as incom-
petent, It would deserve an immortality of fame
for Ihe audacity and presumption of the military
criticism.
The otherday, when the question was asked my
colleague, [Mr. Schenck,] why it was not left
exclusively with the Piesident to drop these offi-
cers whenever he should.see proper, (and which
ho has already tho authority to do,) he responded
that it would lix a stigma upon tlie character of
these officers to remove them in that way. It
seems to me that the same reason applies to the
operation of this bill. No officer, no soldier,
should ever have any undeserved stain cast upon
him by his superior officer, even if he be the Pres-
ident. If not in that case, why should Congress
do the same thing, unless there is first given a fair
inquiry into his military conduct and career?
Such an inquiry my amendment proposes. It
is a fair proposition. It is military. It is politic,
ft will help the service; while the passage of this
bill may, without trial, overslaugh good officers
arid fix upon them a stain which is worse than a
wound upon their character.
I have indicated in my amendment that those
who have received the thanks of Congress should
be made an exception to this proposed reform. I
do nut disguise the fact that my intention is to
except from the operation of the bill such men as
General McClellan, who did receive the thanks of
Congress. Unanimously, sir, on the 9th of May,
18G-2, immediately following the battle of Wil-
liamsburg, upon a resolution offered by a member
upon the opposite side of the House, [Mr. Love-
joy,] Congress thanked that distinguished gen-
eral. The resolution was voted for'by you, Mr.
Sneaker, with great alacrity. That resolution I
will have read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
"Rcsoh-cu, Timf it ir; with feelings of profound gratitude
to Almighty God th;it tlie House ot .Representatives, i'rom
I line to time, liear of the triumphs of the Union armies in
the gieat Mriinslc for the supremacy of the Constitution
and the inteifriiy of tile Union.
"Resolved, That we receive with profound satisfaction
intelligence of the iceent victories achieved by the artnied
of the Potomac, associated from their SoeaUti'-s with those
of tlie devolution, and that thCMiicere thank.-, of the House
aie hereby tendered to Major Geneta! Gr oi^e P.. McCielhm
for the display of those high military qualities which secure
important results wit!) but iittle isacrifico of human life."
