mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
location of lands by States and corporations un-
der grants from Confess,and forother purposes,
cotton speculations by officers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideiation of the bill winch
was under consideration at the time of the recess.
Mr. POWELL. At the request of the Senatoi
from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] who is sick in
his lodgings, I wilt ask that the communication
of the Secretary of War transmitting the report
made by the commission, at the head of which
was Major General McDowell, to investigate
certain cotton transactions, bopnnted for the use
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
will go to the Committee on rrmting.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want it to go there.
"When that resolution was introduced by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, at my suggestion the Sen-
ate amended ihe resolution -so as to call for the
testimony that had been filed by General Cuitis
and others in rebuttal of the charges that had
been preferred against them. The Secretary of
War lias sent hete the evidence taken by the com-
mission, but has sent none of those papers in ic-
buttal; and before there is any order made to print
the leport of the commission I wish to have a
resolution passed drawing out in some way or
other the testimony that was filed in vindication
of the characters of the men who were assailed by
the report of General McDowell.
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection to that
testimony being printed; but 1 hope this motion
will be allowed to go to the Committee on Punt-
ing. I will vote for the Senator's resolution to-
morrow with ffieat pleasure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
can only be entertained by unanimous consent,
another subject being properly before the Senate.
Mi. GRIMES. 1 prefer to leave the repoit
where it is, and let all go to the Committee on
Printing together. 1 do not know how much it
will cost to print this leport, but 1 suppose several
thousand dollars; perhaps twenty or tliirty thou-
sand dolkus. it is a vast amount of manuscript.
I have never seen so large a pile brought into the
Senate as composed this repoit.
Mr. POWELL. 1 will suggest to the Senator
from Iowa (hat this matter had better go to ihe
Committee on Printing, and it will be retaim 0
there until he can have time to obtain the other
testimony, 1 am a member of that committee,
and I assure him ! will not press it until he can
have an oppoitunity to obtain the other testi-
mony.
Mr. GRIMES. I prefer that it should lie in
the custody of the Senate until i can get the testi-
mony that is in the Executive Department some-
where in defense of these men.
Mr. POWELL, It will be m the custody of
the Senate after it go^s to the Committee on
Printing, and even if they report in favor of print-
ing it it has to come hack bi foie the Senate befoie
the order can be made.
Mr. GRIMES, i think here is the place for
if, in ihe Senate.
Mr. POWELL. Under the rule, the motion
will go to the Committee on Punting.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
cannot be entertained .it (he present time, unless
by unanimous consent. Is objection made?
Mr. GRIMES. YeSjS.r; 1 object.
, U'IM/tau YOUU.M:.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Semite to take up the
report of the Committee on Punting in favor of
printing the communication fiom tin- President of
the United States in relation to the chaigcs, judg-
ment, and proceedings in the ease of William
Yocutn. I ask that the order to punt be made
in confmmity to the tepoi t of the committee, it
will only est about twenty or thirty dollars, I
am told.
The reoott was considered by unanimous con-
sent, aiiu airreed to.
j'erfokmaxce OV mtutauy duty,
The Senate, as in Commiftte of the Whole,
resumed (he consideration of the bill (S. No. 28(5)
to prohibit the discharge of persons fiom liability
to mthtnty duty by reason of the payment of j
money, tho pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hendricks to the amendment of Mr.
Ten Eyck.
Mr. TEN EYCK. For the purpose of mak-
ing it more agreeable to the Senate, and to pre-
vent the impioper application of this bounty, I
will ask leave to modify my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can modify his amendment, no vote having been
taken upon if.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. Then I will modify it by
striking out the wotds " injuries received," and
inserting "permanent injunes received, or per-
manent disability contracted in," and after the
word "bounty" to insert the words "in pro-
portion to the time lit; may have seived;" so that
the amendment will read:
Jlrul be if furthei enacted, Thatevciy non commissioned
officer, private, or othei peiM>n who Iris been, or shall
hcrcatter lie, (l^ciiaigcd liom the Aim} ot the United
State*, within two jorin from i^u (lateoI Uwm enlistment,
by re'i^on oi peimanem injmies received, m- permanent
disability contracted, in the'lme of duly, >ha!l be entitled
to receive the name buuutj in pioportioi to the time he
may have mm ved. a< i> "laetfMi. oi mav hoieatfc-r be planted,
to the c.une c!a^« ofnei>ons who ate di-cl'aiircd altera ser-
vice oi twoveai-.; inul all act- ami pm l ot aet& irieon>ist-
ent with thio act ate heioby tepealt d.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo, e. The question
will beon theamendment fo the amendment sub-
mitted by the Senator fiom Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from New
Jersey, I beheve, has so modified his amendment
{hat 1 do not care to amend it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator withdi >w his amendment to the Amendment ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ascertain
whether i am conert about it. Peihaps it had
better be reported again as modified.
The Secretaiy n^ain read the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is notexactly what
I desire, but of course I accept that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. DoesiheSen-
ator withdraw his amendment to the amendment:
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro temjiore. Then the
question is on the amendment of ihe Senator from
New Jersey a-< mod.fn d.
Mr. H ENDRlCKS I desno to say one word
upon 'hat. 1 cannot conceive how an y S-m uor
can object to the ameodm-nt pioposed. h pro-
poses to give to the wohliei permanently disabled
the propouion of his bounty f<u the time that he
has served. If' wo do not do this act of justice,
thoie is no use of talking heie air/ more about
our devotion to the soldier.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILCOX. I have, a veiy small amend-
ment that I Wish to offer. I relict to have to
oiler any amendments to the bill; hut I offer this
on the suggestion of a very stiong letter of the
acting Surgeon Genera! of the Aimy, who states
to me that it is impossible to get the woik done
now at the Kites thatvare paid, it is to insert the
foliowuii; as a new section:
.7 m? be it luither citactcJ^ Th.it fiom and after the Nt
day of Juh\ l-Sf!!, hospital matrons -hall b«* enri'h'd to and
leteive twelve dollar pet month ami one ration.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. HENDRICKS. I move to stiike out the
fust section of the bill, as follows:
That Minim Ii m ihe .et ent'tled uAa net fot onioning
and ealini,': out I lie naf.on.il loice^, and lui or lie i put poM'-v1
approve.! Ma:eh 3. and ihe aet- aan'nd.tlot \ tnei < o1'.
ii> aiuhouKi's the di-chai of any di«ln d p'-r-on iiom li.i-
bilitv to in'itiaiv b<:iviee h\ ioa-on ol the paum-m of >300
toi the proemaiion or a .-ulMiune oi uthetw-e. he,"and
the r-ame ! < , ie peal I'd : P,o> Ulcrf, That nothing con-
taineii in tin- act '-hail be confined to r.lti i the psoviMonv,
ot i'\i-tMf,r law-5 lelalive to peHoi.s actuahv iunu>hiii^
j-uii-nnne-..
Upon that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas end navs were ordered.
Mi. EOOT. I will say a woi d or two, mi , ex-
planatory of the vote I shall give upon tiiM prop-
osition of amendment to strike out the first ejec-
tion of the bill.
The bill under consideration having been so
amended as to limit the term of service under the
draft to a single year instead of three years, as
heretofore, I am disinclined to vote for theiepeal
of the comminution clause, commonly so called,
m the existing law. I am inclined to think we
hail better let it stand as it is.
I do not appudiend any serious difficulty in
raising the requisite number of men under a draff
foi a fungle yeai, even if the commutation clause
bo left unrepealed. A very iargtj proportion of
drafted men who would avail themselves of the
commutation ptovision under a draft for a term
of three years would not be likely to do so under
a draft for a single year. The effect of ihe com-
mutation provision is, and such in part at least
was the intent, to restrict exorbitant pecuniary
exactions for substitutes; and so far forth its
operation has been in behalf or men of small
pecuniary ability.
I need spend no time, however, upon this ques-
tion. The advantages and the disadvantages of
the privilege of commutation have been often and
fully explained, and arc well understood. Prac-
tical experience has made its operation famil'ar
to everybody; and no one now attempts to mis-
represent or to pervert the effect and intent of the
law in this regard.
Believing, then, that we shall be able to raise
the requited number of men under a draft for a
single year, notwithstanding the commutation
clause may remain in force, and regarding this
provision as a beneficent one in its operation,
and one e-vpecially which takes away, in a great
measure, the oppressiveness and odium of a draft
without essentially impauing its effectiveness
when the term of service is not to exceed a single
year, I am disposed, as at present advised, to
vote against the repeal of that provision. With-
out'the amendment which has been adopted in
Committee of the Whole, reducing the term of
service from three years to a single year, 1 should
have felt constrained to vote for the repeal of that
provision for the reasons set forth by the War
Department and communicated to Congiess by
the Executive; hut the limitation of the term of
service to one year instead of throe, in my judg-
ment removes, in a gieat measure, the objections
to this piovision, and so far forth obviates the
necessity of its repeal.
It is after all a question of expediency depend-
ing upon contingencies, of which every member,
of course will form and act upon his own judg-
ment. The expediency, I admit, of retaining the
commutation clause depends upon reducing the
term of seivice from three years, as by the exist-
ing law, to one year, as pioposed by the amend-
ment to this hill. Again, the expediency of this
reduction depends upon the prospects and the
probabilities of an early termination of the war, of
which also every member will judge for himself
in casting his vote. I give my vote upon these
questions upon the assumption, at least with the
hope, and with some degree of confidence of an
early conclusion of the war, I hope during the
pr« sent campaign; but as I have already remarked,
that is a contingency of which every member must
judge.and actfoi himself, and of couise they will.
The question was asked, and asked pertinently
and with significance, ifnot with something of sar-
casm, by my honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] the other day, if it was expected this
wai would terminate during the present or com-
ing year. Ileasked us the question emphatically,
how long is this war, this 44 horrid war," as ho
denominates it, to continue? That is a question
none of us con answer, Mr. President. The war
has already continued much longer than any of
us had hoped, and much longer than many of
us had anticipated. But if my honorable friend
will answer me how long this rebellion, this " hor-
ud" rebellion is to continue, he will furnish us a
iiood criterion by which we can judge how long
the war wtli continue. I think the war will teiin-
mate when the rebellion terminates, no sooner
and no later; and 1 think that is the will and the
determination and will be the responsive voice of
the great body of the loyal, earnest, patriotic
Ann ncan people of all parties and of all sections
of the country.
Hut, sir, I do not mean to allow myself to be
beti ,.yed into tiny thing like a pai tisan or political
debate upon these questions in the Senate. I
dimply tose to explain in a word the reason of the
vote i shall give in favor of the amendment moved
by the Senator from Indiana.
Air. Mc DOUG ALL. After the result of the at-
tempt on my part to amend the bill by striking
out the provision allowing parties to procuie sub-
stitutes, and making all the persons subject to draft
liable to serve, the voice of the Senate, by a very
huge majority, being m favor of retaining that pro-
vision, it seems to me to follow that rhere should,
be some iunil placed upon what should be de-
manded as the p. ice of a substitute. The object
of the bill, as I now understand it, is to enable
persons to procure substitutes at any price, so that
