2124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
terest in new sections of the country than it does
in the old. There is less capital there and more
demand for money. This provision of the billrs
not an interference with the States, but on the
other hand an agreement with the States. It al-
lows the same rate of interest in a State which is
allowed by the laws of the State.
Mr. GRIMES. But the law of my State, ><"
the Senator will permit me, declares that a bank
in that State shall only receive eight per cent.,
and that after a certain number of years longer a
bank shall only receive six per cent. But your
banks under this law can receive ten per cent.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Your Legislature in Iowa
may regulate that if they think proper; but how
is a bank to succeed in the State of Iowa, or in
. the State of Illinois, or any of the western States
under this bill if you limit the rate of interest to
six or seven per cent.? The banks we have es-
tablished in the West receive a higher rate of in-
terest than that; individuals receive a higher rate
ofinterest._ The Senator from Iowa tells us that
the banks in Iowa are limited at this time to a
certain amount. It will becompetent for theLe-
gislature of Iowa, if it thinks proper, and this bill
passes 
Mr. GRIMES. The banks in your State are
limited to six per cent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may be so. It will
be competent for the Legislatures of the several
States to control this matter; but I do not think
any banks will be established under this bill in
the West; if any benefit is to bo derived from
these banking institutions, I do not think we shall
have it in the West at all, if you fix the rate of
interest at six per cent. That is the very reason
national banks have not been established in the
State of Illinois. I was told by leading bankers
of Chicago that they would not undertake to en-
ter upon a system of banking under this piovis-
Jon. The law of lastyearprovided that no higher
rale of interest, should be allowed than the legal
rate established in the State. 1% the State of New
York seven per cent, was allowed; in the State
of Illinois six per cent, is the rate of interest; but
the law allows parties to contract to pay a higher
rate of interest, not exceeding ten per cent. Un-
der the law as it originally stood a bank estab-
lished in Illinois could only charge six percent.,
while a bank in the Stale of New York, where
money was less valuable than in Illinois, could
charge seven per cent. I think, if any good is to
arise from these banking institutions, the law
should be so framed that they may be established
in all parts of the country; and it is no interfer-
ence with State authorities, orwith the authority
of the diffneut States, to control this rate of in-
terest. The State of Kansas may do it, or the
State of Iowa, or the State of Illinois, or any State,
and there can be no complaint by the people of
these States if it is left to the con tiol of their Legis-
latures; but the bill will be worthless in a large
portion of the country if a uniform low rate of
interest is fixed, and no banks will be established
under it.
Mr. SUMNKR. (t seems to mo very clear
that in establishing this system wo ought to fol-
low the idea of uniformity as much as possible.
I therefore go with the Senator from Kansas in
suggesting that we certainly should not refer this
matter to the Slates; we ought to determine it
here m the bill one way or the other. I do not
mean now to say whether it should be six per
cent, or seven per cent., nor do 1 mean to say !
whether there should be any limitation. That is i
a question which Senators do not seem to have
appioached. I understand that in England 
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
before he proceed.*;?
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. CONNESS.
suggestion.
Mr.SUMNER. I understand that in England
all usury laws have been icpealed and there is
now 110 limitation oil the ia(e of interest which
the Bank of England may demand. That is a
great question on which a great deal may be said
on both sides. I know something of the argu-
ment as it has bien presented on each side. The
frameis of this bill, however, seem to have settled
that question m advance, and to have determined
that we should fix a ceitain rate of interest. I
am not disposed to taise that question, but I am j
clear that if we undeitako to fix the late of m- I
I have only a word to say.
I was only going to make a
terest we should do so positively, definitively,
and not leave it hereafter to be determined by the
different States.
Mr. CONN ESS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts how much chance there
would be or what prospect there would be to in-
duce the investment of capital in this mode of
banking in the State which I in part represent
here, if we fix the rate of interest arbitrarily at
either six or seven per cent., which seems to be
the average rates allowed by the States of the
East? Our legal rate of interest is ten percent, in
the absence of a contract, while a special contract
may be made fixing the rate of interest at any
rate the parties may agree to. It may be that we
shall never have a bank established in that State
under this Jaw, but theie are a great many good
people in that State, and a great many clear think-
ers, who believe that if this system of banking
was extended to the State, capital would find its
way there for both public and private improve-
ments when it could be obtained at ten per cent,
per annum, very much more rapidly than theuse
of capital can be obtained there now while the
really current rates may be stated to be perhaps
two or two and a half per cent, a mon-tii, or the
equivalent of twenty-four or twenty-five percent,
per annum.
I know that the Senator from Massachusetts
wishes to arrive at right conclusions; and I ask
him to take this matter into consideration. As
has been suggested, if this provision be objection-
able to any State, let the State fix the rate of in-
terest that shall be charged within its borders, or
let the State adapt itself to the seven per cent,
fixed here in the absence of a State regulation.
It occurs to me that it would certainly be fatal to
the application of this system to a very large, im-
portant, and growing portion of the country
where capital at a cheap rate is more necessary
than in any other part of the country, to arbitra-
rily fix a rate of interest so low that money can-
not be obtained for it. You might as well add to
this act a proviso: " Provided, That nothing con-
tained herein shall ever be held to apply to the
State of California or to the Pacific coast." A pro-
vision to fix arbitrarily the rate of interest at six
or seven per cent, would be just as effectual as
the proviso that I suggest. I hope Senators will
adopt no such provision. Some measures may
have been taken yjrior to this period of time for
the establishment in my State of the banking sys-
tem contemplated in. this act; and I should cer-
tainly very much dislike to see such a provision
introduced into this actus would inhibit and make
it impossible to establish a circulation in that
country.
Mr. GRIM US. I move to insert after the
word " the," m the fifth line, the woid " legal,"
and to strike out the word " allowed" and to in-
sert " established;" so as to lead, " interest at the
legal rate established by the laws of the State or
Territory where the bank is located." As I un-
derstand it, the case is this: the legal rate estab-
lished by law in my State, for instance, is six
per cent., but by special contract parties are au-
thorized to receive ten per cent. I want these
banks to stand exactly on the same footing with
everybody else where there is not a special con-
tract. 1 do not want every contract made between
a bank and private individuals to be regarded as
a special contract, and excepted from the gen-
eral rule that prevails in the State, and then al-
low these banks to take a greater percentage than
is allowed to the local banks.
It is said that the State of Illinois and the State
of Iowa may change their interest laws if they
are dissatisfied with this. They have already
established their interest laws. 'They say that
they do not want a bank to receive more than six
per cent, in the State of Illinois; and they say in
the State of Iowa that a bank after two years from
this time shall receive only six percent., and now
you propose by your legislation to change that.
The Senator from Illinois says that because the
legal rate of interest of the State was established
in the national batilj law of last year, to which
this is an amendment or supplement, and that is
only six per cent., they have not established any
national banks m the State of Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 did not say that none
had been established. Some have been estab-
lished, but they are small banks. The system has
not been generally gone into.
Mr. GRIMES. It has not been gone into be-
cause the bankers in Chicago can make more
money by keeping out of it than they can by going
in at present, for they are mere dealers in the
shinplastcrs of eastern banks, and so long as they
continue to be dealers in the issues of those banks
they will not go into banking operations under
this bill. But if the Senator will go over to the
State of Iowa he will find that under the law of
last year, under which the rate of interest is only
six percent., a national bank has been established
in almost every county town in the State, and
there has not been the slightest idea on thepait
of the bankers who have thus invested theirmoney
that they were going to have the rate of interest
increased. This will be a perfect windfall, a god-
send to them if it passes, and allows them to take
four per cent, more than they supposed they were
to obtain under the act by which they were in-
corporated.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that better words would be "general"
and "fixed;" so as to lead, " the general rate of
interest fixed." Of course these special rates are
as m.uch legal as the general rate.
Mr. GRIMES. I so modify my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa as modified is to
insert the word "general" before " rate," and
after the word " rate" to insert " fixed," striking
out the word " allowed;" so as to make the clause
read, " the general rate fixed by the laws of the
State or Territory;" &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should be very glad to
assentto any reasonable amendment; butttseems
to me that this would be making a discrimination
in favor of the State banks and against the banks
organized under this law; and this proposition,
so far as I know, will not affect the banks in any
State but Iowa, and perhaps Illinois. Why
should we discriminate against these banks in fa-
vor of the State banks? If by the policy of the
laws of Iowa it is deemed necessary to allow the
banks of Iowa to charge eight per cent, interest
up to a certain time, why not extend that same
privilege to the banks organized under this act?
Mr. GRIMES. I think that between twenty
and thirty banks have been established in the State
of Iowa under the law to which this bill is ail
amendment, with the perfect understanding that
they were to receive six per cent, interest on their
loans, and no more. I ask the Senator from Ohio
who has charge of this bill if he hns received any
intimation, any petition, any request, from any
of the representatives of those banks, asking that
the rate of interest should be raised from six per
cent,, which they are drawing now, to ten per
cent.,"which would be authorized by this bill as
it stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir, not a tall; and in the
State of Ohio, where this system has been more
generally adopted than in any other State of the
Union, our laws allow but six per cent., and their
forfeitures are severe. That, however, is not the
point I wish to make. The State of Iowa has it in
her power at any time to repeal this exemption in
favor of the State banks; but while those banks
are organized and exist there, and Ifave the piiv-
ilege of receiving eight percent, interest,! do not
see any reason why the same privilege should not
be extended to the national banks. The reason
why I am opposed to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa is that if adopted it will continue
in existence the State banks that are entitled to
the special privilege of taking a greater rate of in-
terest than will be conferred by the general law
on the national banks. I hope to see all these
State banks induced to come into the national
system, and thus have uniformity. I should pre-
fer a general uniform rale of interest, six or seven
fier cent.; but that has been found to be imprac-
ticable. The States vary on that question. New
York, Michigan, Wisconsin, and one or two other
States fix the rate of interest at seven per cent.
while in New England and Pennsylvania and Ohio'
it is six per cent. We found that the attempt to
fix a uniform rate of interest would create so
many disputes and rivalries and troubles that we
finally had to yield that point, though I believe
the fixed rate of seven per cent, ought to be es-
tablished for all these banks. I say seven per
cent, because that is the law of the State of New
York, where mostof the heavy commercial trans-
actions of this country are earned on, and to fix
