1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a lower rate than seven per cent, by the general
hanking law would be to exclude the national
banks in the State of New York. But I have
yielded my opinion on that subject, and 1 hope
the amendment of the committee, which was very
cdiefully considered, will be allowed to stand. *
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator makes an appeal
to the Senate in behalf of the national banks in
my State; and he says there will be great injus-
tice done to them because the State banksare per-
mitted under the present law of my State to draw
eight per cent, interest. There has been  :o clamor
from the twenty or more national banks in my
State on this subject. They have not been dis-
satisfied with the rate of interest they are now au-
thorized to receive, which is only six per cent.
They have not been importuning Congress, in
this branch or the other, to be permitted to neatly
double the rate of interest they expected to re-
ceive when their banks were organized, and they
made a contract with the Government and with
the people of that State that they would transact
their money business at the rate of six per cent,
interest. Why does the Senator constitute him-
self a special defender and protector of these na-
tional banks in my State? They are not injured.
They do not claim that they have been injured.
They have sent no petition or request to the Com-
mittee on Finance, as the Senator himself has told
us. But it is said we may go to the next Legis-
lature and ask them to change our interest laws.
The Legislature of our State has just adjourned
and will not meet again for nearly two years. In
the mean time divers banks will be established
under this law, and they will be authorized by
this law if the bill stands as it is to receive ten
per cent, interest, and then they will coinc heie
and make a pitiful mouth and say they had a spe-
cial or implied contract with theGovernment that
they should be permitted to receive ten per cent,
interest; and in the mean time, during the two
years that will elapse before the meeting of our
General Assembly, these banks will be shaving
the people at the rate of ten per cent, interest,
getting nearly double the amount of money into
their treasury from the people that they expected
to receive when they entered into the eorpoiation
and made the contract with us to carry on bank-
ing at the rate of six per cent, interest.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senatorpermit me
to ask him if by the laws of Iowa the banks can-
not by special agreement receive more than six
per cent.?
Mr. GRIMES. They can receive eight per
cent, at this time, but the banks are excluded from
the general law which authorizes private individ-
uals to take ten per cent.
Mr. JOHNSON. But they can now take eight
per cent, by agreement.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr. JOHNSON. And in the absence of agree-
ment they only get six per cent.
Mr. POMEROY. What do the national banks
get?
Mr. GRIMES. Six per cent. A large number
of them have been established all over Iowa,
charging six per cent.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator says that by the
amendment which he proposes the banks to be
constituted under this act are only to receive the
general rate of interest fixed by the laws of the
State, is it meant by that to say that these banks
are not to receive eight per cent.?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; and that is the case
with the national banks that are now there; hav-
ing been established under the law as it now
stai\ds, they can charge but six per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator ways that 1
wish to change the law in favor of the national
banks in Iowa. The act. of last year under which
they are organized is the same as the amendment
now proposed by the Committee on Finance, so
that their rights and privileges will be precisely
the same under the new act as under the old. The
words are almost identical and have the same le-
gal effect.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not understand the Sen-
ator from Iowa before. 1 understand him now
that he is willing the State banks shall receive
eight per cent, and the national banks six per cent.
Is that it?
Mr. GRIMES. I have not anything to do
with being willing or unwilling to say what the
State banks shall receive, i take the laws as they
stand. Iowa allowed her banks to take ten per
cent, for a time, and then to come down to eight
per cent, for a series of years, but at a certain
time to come down to six per cent. In the mean
time Congress comes in and creates new banks
under the law to which this is a supplement, and
banks have been created under that law. I do
not want these new banks to be drawing ten per
cent, interest while the citizens take but six per
cent., and that rate is the uniform law of the State
except for special contracts, and when under the
act incorporating the State banks they can only
receive eight per cent.
Mr. POMEROY. May I inquire of the Sen-
ator, then, what is actually the rate of interest
which the national banks now established in his
State receive?
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that it is six per
cent.
Mr. POMEROY. It cannot be so-if that is not
the rate established by the law of the State.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not?
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the law we
passed last year fixed the rate of interest lor the
national banks precisely at the rate fixed by the
law of the State, and this amendment of the com-
mittee is the same thing.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same tiling precisely.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 beg the Senator's pardon.
Here is the law of last winter:
" Kvery association may take, reserve, receive, and charge
on any Irian or discount made, ot upon an\ note, bill ot ex-
change, or oihei evidence of d<-bt, such i.ue ot or
discount h lor the lime the established rate of interest
for delay in the payment ot money."
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator wishes the
word " established" before "rate," 1 am per-
fectly willing to put it in here.
Mr. GRIMES. I was going to show the Sen-
ator that the law of last winter is not the law he
proposes to enact now. That was "the established
rate of incerest^s by the law ot* the State. What
was the rate established? Six per cent, was the
rate established by the laws of the State, but there
was an exception which declared that when pri-
vate individuals chose to make a special contiact
as between themselves the rate of interest might
be as high as ten per cent. Now let me read to
the honorable Senator what he proposes: " Inter-
est at the rate allowed," not " established"—"at
the rate allowed by the laws of the State." Ten
per cent, was allowed by the laws of the State,
but ten per cent, was not the "established" law
of the Srate. I apprehend that there is not a Sen-
ator who does not see that there is a very wide
difference between the law of last winter, which
authorized them to take the rate of interest "es-
tablished" by the laws of the State, and this act
which it is proposed to pass into a law, allowing
them to take the rate which may be "allowed"
by the laws of the State, which runs up as high
as ten per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will agree at once to sub-
stitute the word "established" for "allowed."
There is no difference between the legal meaning
of the word "allowed" and the woid "estab-
lished." The legal effect is the same.
Mr. GRIMES. I am content with that; I will
compromise with the Senator and take the word
" established."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move to insert the
woid " established" instead of" allowed."
Mi. GRIMES. I will withdiaw my amend-
ment to yet that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa withdraws his amendment, and the
Senator from Ohio moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " allowed" and inserting
" established."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to make a sug-
gestion in reference to this matter to the Senator
from Ohio who has charge of the bill. I see a
difficulty that will come up in my State under the
laws in regaid to interest. The clause now reads:
"The rate established by the laws of the State
or Teriitory where the bank is located," &c.
Money due (without a contract as to the rate of
interest) in the State of Missouii draws six per
cent.; by special contract between individuals it
may draw an interest of ten percent.; but under
the banking laws of the State of Missouri, where
circulation is loaned, a bank of issue is permitted
only to deduct eight per cent. where*the interest
is deducted before the maturity of the note, at the
time of the loan. Eight percent, is the extent of
what we call bunk interest.
There are several banks of issue in my State;
and J should like to be informed in that state of
the law what will be the rate of interest charged
in the State of Missouri by the national banks.
If there is no rate agreed upon when money is
due, the rate is six per cent., but parties^ may
agree to ten per cent., though a bank of issue can
only charge eight percent. Now whatisthe rate
" established" under the amendment as it now
stands? I desire to put in some amendment of
this sort, and I think it would cure the difficulty
suggested by the Senator from Iowa: let the word
"allowed" remain, and say "the rateallowed to
be charged by banks of issue under the laws of
the State or Territory where the bank is located,
and no more." ,
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator
that that would not answer for States and Terri-
tories where no banks of issue are established.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was aware of that diffi-
culty, and I was going to suggest that that diffi-
culty could be lomedied by an amendment pro-
viding that if banks should be established under
this act in States where no banks of issue now
exist, the Legislature may fix the rate of interest.
In that way 1 think all difficulty will be provided
against, and I hope the Senator from Iowa will
permit the bill to be amended in that way.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to it,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The word "established,"
which has been substituted for the word "al-
lowed," is the same word which is in the act of
18G3, but there are in that act additional words
which are necessary in this act to render it free
from ambiguity. Section forty-six of the act of
1863 leads in this way:
" Such rate of interest or discount as Is for the time the
established into of interest for delay in the payment of
money, in the absence of contract between the parties, by
the laws! of the several States."
Those words "in the absence of contract be-
tween the parties," which are in the act of 1863,
I think ought to be inserted in this act.'
Mr. SHERMAN. That would change the
moaning undoubtedly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then they could charge
more.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; these words were
only descriptive of the law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By inserting these words
after the word " located" the clause will read:
That every association may take, receive, reserve, and
charge on any loan or discount made, or upon any note,
bill of exchange, or other evidences of debt, interest at the
nuc established by the Javv^of the State or Teiritory where
the bank is located, m the absence of contiact between
the parties, and no more.
That will make it definite, I think.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know; but that is not what
the Senator from Iowa wants.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Thu Senator from Iowa,
as i undeistand, desires to have the rate of inter-
est which these associations are allowed to re-
ceive the rate which is established in the various
States and Territories by law in the absence of
special contract to the contrary.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question that is now
made by the Senator from Wisconsin is very dif-
ferent 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators will
allow the Chair to understand what the question
is. Did the Chair understand the Senator from
Missouri as proposing an amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then that
will be first in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an
amendment because the clause as it now stands,
if I understand it, will seriously affect loaning in
my State; and the effect will be that any banks
established there under this law muy charge ten
per cent, under special contract when no other
bank of issue in the State can charge more than
eight per cent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to inquire
whether in the State of Missouri the law of that
State does not fix a given rate of interest to be
paid for the loan of money, in the absence of a
special contract between the parties.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What is the rate?
