1864.
TITE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. COX. I am sorry my colleague [Mr.
Schenck] was not present in the last House to
give the sanction of his distinguished military
judgment upon those '* high military qualities"
of General McClelhm " which secure lmpoitant
results with but little sacrifice of human life." ISilie
yeas and nays were not called upon that resolu-
tion fur the simple reason that every member be-
lieved in it. It went through the House nemine
contradicenle. Every one of us in happy accord
joined in this splendid tribute to the beloved cap-
tain of the army of the Potomac. A splendid
tiibute! .For what laurels ever crowned the bro w
of hero or demigod equal to those honors which
shall cluster around the memory of him whose
maitial triumphs hare been won with but little
sacrifice of human life? Long after the carping
"committees on the conduct of tlfc war," who
have distorted truth to injure a genera! whose abil-
ity is so far above theircomprehension, shall have
passed away; long after the political hucksters who
have joined in reviling him in order to add to their
ill-gotten gains shall be numbered with the for-
gotten dead; long after the vacillation and inter-
meddling of presumptuous civilians shall be dis-
missed to a dishonored oblivion, this utterance of
the national Legislature will live and shine; not,
sir, because we passed it, but because in an hour
of honest-impulse we recorded our testimony to
the truth which the historian " will not willingly
let die." Those triumphs which are unstained
by blood have been so lew and signal in this and
other wars that among the good they involun-
tarily invoke the choicest approbation of the hu-
man heart and intellect. So few and signal are
they that I might be pardoned for imagining that
even the Prince of Peace himself would conde-
scend to bedew with something of His own grace,
and consecrate to a noble destiny that maitial
genius which achieves its victories without the
effusion of fraternal blood. They antedate that
millennial day—that holy time which seems so dis-
tant to our mortal view—when the " music of the
world's accord" shall displace the harsh clangor
of arms, and its sweeter song
" tihiill swell ft oil! shore to shore;
One hope, one faith, one luve lc4ore
The seamless lobe that Jesus wore."
The heroism which brings such painless, wound-
less, deathless, all-merciful, all-loving results, is
crowned with a chaplet fragrant foiever with the
white flowers of peace I
Now, to dismiss an officer who has been thanked
with such beautiful, expressive, and truthful
praiseas General McClellan was thanked by Con-
gress, is not only unmihtaiy and unjust, but a
reproach to the preceding Congiess which I am
unwilling to allow. If wc were wrong then, let
there be at least some inquiry into the justice or
injustice of our encomium.
'Many of these officers who are to be dishon-
oied by this bill have not only impaiied or lost
their fortunes but have imperiled life and limb
while seiving the Republic against the great re-
bellion. Tli is lull proposes hy a sweeping clause
to retire them from service without many of tliem
having adequate means at this time to take care of
their families.
I do not know what may be the wishes of other
generals who are to be degraded by this bill, but
this I know, that gentlemen on the other side
have it not m their power to degrade General Mc-
Clellan, even if it be their intention to attempt it.
He is above their assaults. 1 wish it distinctly
understood that m speaking as I do I do not pit ad
for him. He dot's not ask any favors hom the
other side of the House or from the Administra-
tion. His labors and deeds are historic and be-
long to a better tribunal than a partisan Congress
or a narly press.
Mr. SAllTH. I intended, a few moments ago,
to ask a question of the gentleman from Ohio,
and wall his permission I will ask it now beioie
he passes too far from the point to winch it re-
kites; anil I must bo allowed to say that I do not,
by asking this question, intend to commit myself
to any particular line of policy in reference to this
question. The Disposition of the gentleman fiom
New York [Mr. Kernax] is to order a court of
inquiry to examine into the cases of these men
who are not now in active service. 1 would ask
from whence he could get that eonrt of inquiry r
Mr. COX. I suppose, of course, Uie court of
inquiry would be drawn from the olucers of the
Army. The amendment of the gentleman from
New York'provides for such a court made up of
general officers.
Mr. SMITH. I understand that these men
are officers of the Army, but without commands
and without duties. Is the object of the gentle-
man to take this court of inquiry from the same
class of men?
Mr. COX. Of course the President will select
a court of inquiry just as in other cases. 1 kno^v
of no other recourse except to the President in
such a case as this.
Mr. SMITH. Well, I give notice that I shall
offer an amendment providing that the court of
inquiry shall be composed of men who are actu-
ally in the service.
Mr. COX. I should have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. KERNAN. I will accept of that amend-
ment if the gentleman from Kentucky desires it.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, my colleague [Mr.
Schenck] the other day, when 1 opposed the im-
mediate passage of the bill, thought I desired a
chance to make a speech for General McClellan.
I assure him that that was not my intention at all,
and that it is not my intention now. There was
no necessity for it then, nor is there any now.
All that I have said or desire to say is called for
by the bill introduced by my colleague, which
strikes at Geneial McClellan.
It would be enough to say, as an objection to
this bill, that it will have the effect of remitting
General McClellan to the regular Army and cut-
ting off his pay, thus forcing him to resign his po-
sition as the first major general. Under the cir-
cumstances, this would operate as a stigma upon
him, and would have a disastrous effect upon the
espril of the Army, where lie has thousands and
thousands of devoted friends, and among the peo-
ple too, where he has thousands and thousands
of ardent admiiers.
A measure of this kind, stiiking at the military
status of a general who for two or three years has
given all his stupendous energies to the cause of the
Republic, should have better reasons than mere
economy. For what is he to be disgraced? Isitfor
his promptrescuc of Western Virginia, where amid
the mountains and along the Kanawha, with many
of my own constituents from Ohio, he advanced
the banner of the Union? Is itfor Ills humane and
oi derly march into those disaffected regions which
his arms preserved from the rebels, while his policy
saved it from disaffection and ravage? Is it-for
his grand system of strategy whereby lie directed
successfully the operations of every point on the
Cumberland, on the Tennessee, on the Missis-
sippi, at New Orleans, round to .the Carounus,
where liurnside achieved those successes which
he so promptly attributed to his supenor? Is it
for thus illuminating the "whole horizon" with
the blaze of victory', achieved upon a comprehen-
sive plan, whose consummation he had reserved
for his own army of the Potomac? Is it for found-
ing that noble in my out of the rums of the Bull Run
disaster' is it for saving that army by his unprece-
dented and miraculous retreat for seven days and
nights after the " Governtiient"had failed to sus-
tain him, and when thrown upon his own re-
sources? Is itfor rescuing the army after Generals
Lincoln, Pope, and Halleck had blundered ? Is it
because betook the army, weary and wan, footsore
and dispirited, and by his simple presence made it
heroic and clamoi ous to be led at once after the en-
emy? Isitbecause the President said he was worth
any ten geneials, if all were compressed into one,
when ltbecame mccssary tosiive the archives, the
capital, and the personnel of this Administration?
Is it because twice lie saved this national capital,
including those at the other end of the avenue
who have done their utmost to ^traduce and dis-
tance hnn? Is it for all these services—now, thanks
to his own truthful report, commuted to h-tstoiy,
and over which recoided honors will gather for-
ever? For which of ,111 these works do ye pelt
him with your pitiful persecutions? Ah I no, for
none of these; but because, forscoth, he would
have made tiie war honorable and civihzcd; not
a war for political faction, partisan revenge, or
fanatical hate, but a war "to enforce the equal
operation of the laws of the United States upon
the people of every State;" a war to save ami
not to destroy the Constitution! Because he oared
to write to his Majesty from the sacred piecimts
of Malvern Hill, in the agony of his heart at the
failure of the Government to aid him, and to plead
with its agents to conduct the war on the principles
of civilization and Christianity, and not Villi a
view to emancipation, subjugation, and extermin-
ation ? Oris it because,now that he has.been re-
tired,he loomsupas the idol of the Armyand the
hope of the people?
I know, sir, that stigmas are cast upon General
McClellan all over the country. This bill may
be the resultof such general defamation. I know
that the committee on the conduct of the war
arrested the other day under our authority an
inebriate, because it was said that he could testify
that General McClellan was in criminal confer-
ence with General Lee during the Mai yland cam-
paign, after the battle of Antietam. This was
done with a view to charge General McClellan
with plotting treachery to his Government. I be-
lieve, however, that that story, so infamous and
monstrous, has already been exploded. It was
started the day before the New Hampshire elec-
tion, published in all the Republican papers, and
was not contradicted by them until after theelec-
tion. Indeed, it was not denied in some of them
here until this morning,when the inebriate, becom-
ing sober, was about to reveal the plot by which
he was intrapped into the clutches of these de-
famers. What a diabolical dispositionals here
revealed! How ready is the party on the other
side to clutch and circulate any foul slander, how-
ever senseless and groundless, because they fear
and hate General McClellan.
Mr. Speaker, it is hardly necessary and scarcely
proper for me here to notice such calumnies, but
as they have been circulated by the Administra-
tion party throughout the land, their correction
should have as extensive a circulation. I trust,
Mr. Speaker, with your permission, that the re-
porters in the gallery will give as wide a circula-
tion to this denial as was given to the slander
which was started under the auspices of some of
your peculiar friends.
I say here that General McClellan has never
seen General Lee since 1855; that he has never
held any communication with him in writing ex-
cept in reference to prisoners and wounded men,
which communications or copies were at once sent
to the War Department During the Maryland
campaign he never heard from and never saw
General Lee at all, or any of his officers. This
story was not only made out of whole cloth, but
shoddy cloth at that. I will not help to give cur-
rency to such stories, by aiding the passage of a
bill like this, which would seem to be predicated
on them. This bill will have the effect, if it be
passed, of giving added strength to this system
of defamation. It will naturally be .asked why-
Congress should displace and disgrace a soldier
like him to whom I have referred. Why erase
his name from the rolls of the Aimy, unless there
is something wrong in his conduct, or some per-
fidy in his character, similar to that implied by
the imputations to which I have referred? Let
us be careful of the character and reputation of
men who have served the country so zealously
and so well, even though their political opinions
and policy may not please those who are now in
power.
Mr. Speaker, there are various objections that
might be urged against this bill, which a military
man could more properly judge than myself.
There is a sort of sensibility among military men
which takes alarm at any attempt to place them
servilely before the Executive. This bill pro-
poses to do this. We have enough of tins cringing
abjectness in the civil service, although it is dis-
avowed that this bill originated in partisan passion
and personal rancor-. And although I have accept-
ed that disavowal,yet the people of this country,
and the gallant sofdiers of the Army, in spite of
such disclaimers, will look upon it in that light.
An honorable body like this should repudiate all
such sinister appearances by repudiating the bill
itself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do not
intend to detain the House long in the discussion
of this resolution, nor do I propose at the present
time to make any remarks in reply to those of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] in regard to any
one ofthegenerai officers to be affected by this bill-
As was very well said by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, that committee did not
intend, in the framing of this resolution and m
bringing it to the attention of the House, to make
