1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
108
sign, the purpose, for which that military was
sent to our polls being to carry the election by tins
Administration, they would not have allowed—I
am justified in saying that they would not have
allowed a sufficient number of the members of
that party to vote to defeat their cherished object.
Why do I say so? I say so, sir, because it had
a practical test at the last election. I refer now
to a fact capable of the clearest proof, that in one
of the hundreds in the county in which I live,
and at one of the voting places, the opposition,
not knowingthatthe members of the Democratic
party did not intend to vote, but supposing that
tljey would offer their votes, as soon as they ar-
rived on the ground had numbers of them arrested.
I am proud to say, sir, that the majority of the
legal voters of my State, not choosing to have any
conflict with the national authorities, choosing
rather to be disfranchised than to have their soil
stained with blood, or to give the pretext to this
Administration to say that they were not peace-
able, law-abiding citizens, refrained from voting,
and throughout the whole State there were but
twelve or fourteen votes cast for the Democratic
candidate. But suppose, sir, they could have had
a right to vote, suppose they had been allowed to
vote by taking1 the oath prescribed, what right has
any military officer in a State not in revolt, in a
State where there has been no attempt at revolu-
tion, in a State where no political organization has
ever avowed any hostility to the Union, to step
in and say, "You, you, the proud citizen of a
State and of the United States shall hold from mc
your right of voting for a member to represent
you in Congress, or (as at the election before) for
members to represent you in your own State Le-
gislature; you shall have aright to vote, if youdo
my bidding and swear to what I shall dictate to
you ?"
Sir, I did not vote at the last election in my
State, and I would never vote again if I had to
vote either as the military, or as an Administra-
tion, or as any man might dictate. When the ex-
ercise of the right of suffrage ceases to be free, I
do not wish to go through the mockery ofattempt-
ing to exercise it.
But, sir, I will give the Senator from Indiana
another proof of interference. About a week be-
fore the election recently held in Maryland, I
passed through two of the lower counties of the
first congressional district of that State, and was
in the town where resides the Honorable Mr. Cris-
field, who during the last Congress represented
his district in the House of Representatives, and
who this last fall was a candidateforreelection. I
believe that he was the regular nominee of what was
called the Union party; but another candidate—
and I shall say nothing against that gentleman,
certainly, for i have no unkind feelings toward
him—was broughtoutin opposition, whose views
it was supposed accorded more with those of the
Administration, although Mr. Crisfiehl, when
representing his district in Congress, was uni-
versally conceded to be a perfectly loyal and good
Union man. But, sir, on the day of the election
in his district, the military were placed, I beiieve,
at every poll in those counties, and gentlemen
were denied the privilege of voting, even Mr. Ctis-
field himself, unless he would take an oath pre-
scribed by the military authorities, because it was
more desirable to elcct another gentleman in his
place. The Senator from Indiana may say that
this is no interference by the military; but if he
will take up the papers published at the time and
read the evidence disclosed m that case, he will
find that as the citizen went to vote for Mr. Cris-
field in that district, even when he offered to take
the oath, that was notsufficientwithouthis being
questioned by a military officer who stood at the
polls, to know whether his political views and
opinions accorded with those of that officer, act-
ing, I suppose, according to instructions which
^ he had received. If that be not interference, if
that be not unjust interference, I know not what
would be. Interference, I presume, is not con-
fined to bodily seizing hold of a man and drag-
, gmg Ium from the polls. Any act of intimida-
tion, any restraint placed on the free exercise of
the right ofsuffrage, is an interference. Why, sir,
yesterday, while I was listening to the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Eyck,] in
, his opening remarks, m which I understood him
to dissent from some views expressed by the Presi-
dentinhisproclamationorinhismessage, I began ;
to feel a little serious as to what would be his con-
dition, for I saw, directly after that proclamation
and that message appeared, that some of theAd-
ministiation papers—and one in this town—made
conformity to the views of that message a test of
loyalty.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I ask the
indulgence of the Senator for a moment, he hav-
ing made reference to what occurred yesterday;
and I do it because the matter is personal to my-
self.
I see in a New York paper, the Evening Post,
a reference to my few remarks, as follows:
<m Mr. Ten Eyck moved that so much of President Lin-
coln's mest-age as refers to his plan for reconstruction be
refeired to the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Ten EvcKthen
addrp,««ed the Senate at length in opposition to Mr. Lin-
coln's plan."
A reference to the Globe will show what I did
say. After referring to the constitutional ques-
tion, and submitting remarks upon that subject,
I added:
"The President, with practical-good sense, has, in his
message and accompanying proclamation, 'hit the nail
upon the head,' and opened up a way. There need? no
new creation. Destroy the rebel arms, the counteracting
forccs. Diive aimed insurgents from the rebel States. Let
loyal men assert their former lights. The Government is
theirs. Let them proceed to oiganize ; events; will shape
the mode. Let them elect their officers; let them revive
suspended government, and let us iieie, with all our pow-
ers, protect them in the movement. Tins will solve the
question; this will meet the issue. The plan proposed bv
the Executive is wise and just, far-reaching, statesmanlike",
and patriotic. It is a sound and good suggestion, and should
be regarded. It is hard to see how any other course could
even be adopted. It ju&t suits a State where tica*on has
been crushed. It is an easy, quiet mode, free from f-hock
and htrife, dispute and controversy ; it1 sets the ball m mo-
tion,' leanimates suspended life,andbtaits the Slate anew
upon the road to greatness."
Yet, sir, the reporters in the gallery have stated
what is directly the reverse as having fallen from
me. I do not expect to have the few remarks 1
submit here reported at length; but I have a
right to expect that I shall not be flatly misrep-
resented. 1 may have been unfortunate in not
making myself understood; but if I undeistood
myself or knew my motive, it was to speak in
support of the Executive and the Administration,
and not to oppose it or array myself agamstit.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope the gentleman will
take it kindly when I say that I do not suppose
there is any dangerof his being removed from the
orthodox political church, orthodoxy being de-
termined, however, on presidential views.
But, sir, 1 will not extend these remarks in
reference to military interference. Perhaps I have
already extended them too long. 1 should not
have said a word had it not been for the remark
of the Senator from Indiana, that he knew of no
instance where this had boon done, or that, where
there had been any interference, it was only to
prevent traitors and sympathizers with treason
from voting.
In conclusion, I will suggest in all kindness
that in discussingquestions of this sort, itismore
kind, to say the least of it, to admit that there is
room for honest difference of opinion between
members of the different political organizations,
than to claim for one the possession of all the
spirit of patriotism, and all the love of country,
and to attribute to the members of all other political
organizations contrary feelings and motives.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, the
very few remarks I made seem to have had a very
unfortunate effect. This is a question simply of
reference, whether this bill shall now be referred
to theCommittee on Military Affairs, the Senate
having decided not to refer it to the Committee on
the Judiciary. My vote being given in favor of
that proposition, I stated simply, in one sentence,
the reason why I voted for that reference, and
why I found myself differing from friends and
Senators, for whose opinions I have the utmost
respect, believing that the question properly be-
longed to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I shall not be drawn into any discussion on the
merits of this bill until a report shall have bcui
made, and until the subject is propeily before the
Senate. 1 made no asseveration on this subject
—none whatever—except this, that I had seen no
evidence convincing me of any improper inter-
ference with elections on the part of the military.
I am not so familiar with the scenes which trans-
pired either in the State of Delaware or Mary-
land, at their reccnt elections, as the Senator
doubtless is, and of course raise no question with
him on that subject. I only remarked that I had
seen no evidence to satisfy me that there had been
any improper interference; nor do I believe that
the order of General Schenck, so much decried,
was such nn improper interference with elections
as characterized by the Senator from Delaware.
The Senator from Delaware was somewhat
mistaken in geography, if not in his recollection
of this interference, for at no time did General
Schenck reside in my State.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I said a State near the
State repiesented by the Senator.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That is true; a State
of which I and my whole State are justly proud
—the great Commonwealth of Ohio.
The order issued by General Schenck, as I un-
derstand it, was just this: in voting in the State
of Delaware, the voter was required to swear that
he had notgiven aid and comfort to the enemy dur-
ing the rebellion, and, perhaps, that he would not
give such aid and comfort; I am not sure In ref-
erence to that. Will the honorable Senator in-
form me if that was substantially the character of
the order?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have a copy of the or-
der at my room, but have not got it here. It was
a lengthy oath, and I cannot ftmembcr all that
was in it. The Senator will observe that the
point of my objection is not so much to what was
in the oath,as the attempt by military interference
to undertake to prescribe the qualifications of
voters.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I understand, then,
the true objection is not to the substance of the
oath, but that any such test oath was required at
all. Now, I will ask the Senator from Delaware
this question: suppose a citizen of Delaware, or
Maryland, had gone into the service of the re-
bellion, had fought for one or two years in the ranks
of the rebels, and had returned to Delaware, and,
under their constitution, was a legal voter, was
there any power, except this order, to exclude his
vote ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will answer the Senator
with pleasutc. He would not be a legal voter
under the constitution of the State of Delawaie,
because, if he had gone into the terntoi ies of any
Power, either real or assumed, independent of thu
Governments which the United States brlonqvd,
he would have lost his domicile, and would not
have been a legal voter under our constitution
and laws.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If ^understand the
question of residence, as decided by the Supreme
Couit of the United States and by all the local
courts having jurisdiction and cognizance of that
question, they decided tins: that a mere tempo-
rary absence, with no intention to change the res-
idence, never does change the residence or the
domicile; and I suppose that under that decision
a service of eighteen months or two years in the
rebel army would not change the residence of a
citizen of Delawaie.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator is mistaken.
Even with a floating intention of returning to the
State, he still is not, under our laws, entitled to
vote. But the point I make is this: the party
going into rebeldom goes there claiming it to be a
distinct and independentcountry. He leaves his
State and joins what he says is a different gov-
| ernmcnt from that to which he belongs under our
! law. Were I sitting as the judge of the election
I would not take his vote with my interpretation
of the law of the State.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Then, with that pe-
culiar provision of the constitution of Delaware,
with which I was not familiarand to the construc-
tion of which I do not assent, I will ask the gen-
tleman if the same provision applies to the States
of Kentucky and Maryland? 1 am somewhat
familiar with the constitution of Kentucky, and
I think no such test as that is applied to their
voters, but the simple question is one of residence;
and that is a question of intention, and intention
alone. No temporary absence, however pro-
longed, will ever destroy the residence of a citi-
zen, either m Maryland or Kontucky, if I under-
stand their constitutions aright. If there is no
provision under the laws of Maryland or Ken-
tucky on the subject—for I leave Delaware out of
the question with that construction of her constitu-
tion-—I ask if there is any means by which a icbel
soldier, having served in'the rebel army, could
