3102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Mr. CHANDLER. Will you renew the mo-
tion ?
Mi. GRIMES. Yen, sir; if I cannot carry tlie
motion I propose to make I will.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn.
Mr. GRIMES. I move in the last line of the
fourth section to strike out the word " shall" and
to insert the woid " may," so as to leave it op-
tional with the War Department or the President
to call for these men for three years, or one year,
or any other time they think proper. That will
leave it, as I understand it, optional with the war
authorities or the present Commander-in-Chicfof
our Army and Navy, or whoever the bill vests
the power in—the President, at any rate—to de-
termine whether these men may he called for three
years or any period between that and one year,
or not. The bill as it now stands is absolute.
The section, if amended as 1 propose, will read:
That all calls for drafts hereafrei mode under the act en-
titled "An act lor enrolling and culling out the national
foices,'' &c.j and of any not in addition to or amendatory
thereof, may be for a tmm not exceeding one year.
Mr. SHERMAN. The language of the bill
as it now stands will not accomplish the object
of the Senator from Iowa. I looked at it with a
view to make the same amendment and proposed
to offer the same amendment. I ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
under the existing law the President has not the
right now to call ior one year troops?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir, he has not the right
in my judgment. This bill provides that the men
shall be drafted duiing the war, not to exceed
three years. We enlist men for three years or
during the war, and we makea draft " during the
war, not toexceed three years." I think the Pres-
ident cannot draft a man for an hour short of
tliree years under the present law.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understand according to
the present law that the Piesident can draft for
any period less than three years. The only effect
of this bill in my judgment is to shorten the pe-
uod of enlistment. The diaft is not compulsory.
Any man who can pay $300 may evade it either
for one year or three years. 1 agree therefoie
in the general sentiment that we are simply wast-
ing time at this period of the session in consider-
ing a bill which, in my judgment, if carried into
a law is a surrender of the contest; because the
idea of carrying on this war without enforcing a
draft, at a tune when we cannot procure enlist-
ments, at a time when we have to call for one
hundred day men, at a time when a single State
litis had to furnish nearly all that has -been fur-
nished 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator a question. Did the Administration call for
one hundred days' men because there was alack
of volunteers under the system that was adopted
last winter, or was it not the voluntary action of
the Governors of certain States
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not here the organ of ,
the Administration in regard to militaiy matters. ;
1 am not consulted. I only speak from my own
view. The Committee on Military Affairs can
speak through its cliaiunnn. I understand, how-
ever, and the favJs have proven it, that theie was
a pressing need sixty days ago for more men, and i
therefore these one hundied days' men were ac- j
cepted, because they were absolutely needed,and |
there was no other way togetthem. The Admin- !
istration never did and never would—why, lean- I
not say—enforce the draft. In my judgment, two '
yeais ago they ought to have enfmced the draft, j
There is no special need for Congress to pass laws j
Oil the subject, because they will not execute them; i
theie is no doubt about that. They had a law |
on the subject two years ago, and they never did '
and never would execute it. I was in hopes, how- I
ever, that the Military Committee of Congress
would originate a law to compel them to execute i
a draft, and compel persons to go into theserviee 1
without paying commutation; but since the ma- •
jonty of the Senate thinks the time has not ar- ]
nrod for ;hi"< compulsory diaft, I for one will vote I
to lay tiiL bill on rlie table. 1 will not submit the '!
morion, because I do not wish to cut off debate,
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think the .Senator from Ohio
is mistaken in .supposing that this matter cannot
be remedied, and vest m the President of the
United Suites the power, if he has not that power
now, to call for any number of men he may see
fit, for any period less than three years. 1 there-
fore ask that in the amendment which I have
moved, I may substitute the word "may" for
" shall," also the words " three years" instead of
"one year," so that he may call for them for a
period not exceeding three years. That will then
leave him the option to callforthemen duringany
period of time below the three years.
Mr. WILSON. The eleventh section of the
enrollment law reads:
"And to continue in service during the present rebellion,
not. however, exceeding the term of three years."
That is the form in which the men are to be
drafted, " to continue during the presentrebellion,
not, however,exceeding three years." I think it
means they shall be drafted for three years.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Iowa that the
clause to which he proposes his amendment hav-
ing been adopted by the Senate on the motion of
the Senator from Vermont, being an amendment
adopted in thostj words, he will have to wait un-
til the bill comes into the Senate in order to move
an amendment to that section. The bill is now
in committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I sympathize with my friends
here who are opposed to this bill as it now stands
and shall vote against it; but let us make an effort
to retrieve it. We may benefit it, and 1 think we
can, by putting beyond all controversy this ques-
tion as to whether the President has a right to
diaft men for a period less than three years. Let
the bill go into the Senate, and let us try to put
it in some shape that is satisfactory to the Senate.
Mr. CGNNESS. 1 agree with the Senator from
Iowa in regard to this bill, butl go alittle further.
I believe it is impossible now to make such a bill
of it as will meet the demands of the country. 1
think there is a necessity for some unity of action
between the men who act with and for the Ad-
ministration in this body. Senatois will pardon
that expression on my part. The men of whom
I now speak are responsible for cairyiii£ on this
war, for the modem which ithas been conducted,
for the mode in winch it is to be conducted, and
I think it is duetothein that tune should be given
now before this bill shall be voted upon any fui-
ther. i hope the bill will be laid oil the table at
piesent,and I make that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that debatable?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not,
Mr. JOHNSON. I want to know what the
motion is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To ley the
bill on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. Temporalily, I understood,
to postpone it.
Mr. CONNESS. Of course it will be ready to
be acted upon whenever the Senate shall choose
to take it up again. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS — Metsts. Anthony, Hrown, Cntltlr, Chandler,
ConnchS, Ilaiian, Howe,Lane of Indiana, Nesnuih, ttam-
soy, Jtichaidson, Saulsbuiy, Shenn.in, Spi ague, and Tium-
bull—15.
NAY?i — Mcs-is Buckalew, Clark, CoiUmer, Cowan,
Davis, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Fo*tei, Ginne«, Harris,
Ilendueks Johnson, Lane of Kansas, McDoiiL'all, iUoman,
Mori ill, I'owell, Riddle, Sumnei, Ton Evck, \ an Winkle,
Wiiley, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Mosi^. DooIittJe, Hale, Harding, Ilend'T-
«on, Hick*, llowaid, I'oinerov, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wright—JO.
vSo the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER. I now sepd an amendment to
the Chair, to come in as a new section to the bill.
The Secretary lead the amendment, as follows:
Jliullp U further cnnctcJ, That in addition to the ?ub~ti- |
tnto lurni-dted by a dialVd person, or whnc no hul^titute
tin nirdied, then in addition to the sum fixed hy the See- !
tcUty of War lot the ptocutation ot a &uh«ututr, evety !
Mich diafted peisOii '-hall, befoie his de-ehaige tuna the
diaft- bo le'ld to contubute a certain pioportion in the na-
ture oi a tithe of Ins annual gani<, pioiil-, or income,
w hothoi detivi'd fiom any kind ol prop< nv, dividend-, al-
aiy, oi fioui any piole^Mon, tiado, oi employment, wiiat- ,
over, aecouhng to tlie lollowmg 5 ates, to wit: on all ni-
eouie^ovot >>'l,60i) and not ovoi £2,00e. uv pel cent.; on :
all incomes- over and nut r>vei .^j.GuO, ten pet cent ;
and on all incomoovei twenty p.-t cent.; and it .-hall
be the duty ot evety suefi' peiM>n seeking to be di-ehai^ed
to make letum, euhci by luruMili oi hi> guuuhan, to the 1
provost matshalol his distnetof the amouiitot his income,
according to the icqunemente of the act to ptovide internal
icvcnue of July 1, 1&>2; and so much of tlie act foi " en
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for other
putpose-^,'5 appioved Match 3, J8S3, a? is inconsistent vv:th
this section, be, and the same is heieby, repealed.
Jlnd beitjurther enacted, That the connibutums tlue<
made shall be emploved by the Secretaiy of War annul
foi bounties, to be paid to the men actually dialled and mus-
tered into the service underanyeall sub^equerittoihedafe
of tins act, whenever they shall be honorably di^'hamcd,
or, in the case of death, to the widow and minor cluldi en
of any such man, according to rules and regulations estab-
lished by the War Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the amendment in its
two sections explains itself. In the first section
it provides that every person, besides supplying
a substitute or paying the sum which he pays for
the procuration of a substitute, shall contribute a
certain proportion ratably according to his in-
come; and in the second section it provides that
those contributions shall constitute a fund to be
distributed by the Secretary of War among tlie
men actually drafted and mustered into service
under a call subsequent to (he date of this: act,and
who shall be honorably discharged. All this is
to be in pursuance of rules and regulations made
by the Secretary of War. I say, therefore, you
have two elements; first, a payment ratably ac-
cording to property; and secondly, out of that
payment the creation of a fund which shall be a
source of bounties to the soldier.
Now, sir, this proposition has in its favor two
considerations; first, the consideration of justicc,
inasmuch as it is not just, and I never shall cease
to insist upon that proposition, to make the poor
man pay for his discharge the same which you
make the rich man pay. When a peison is dr ifted
into the service as a soldier, and the question is
of iiis ransom from that obligation by a pecuni-
ary contubution, there is no element of equity
which is not shocked, according to my sense of
justice, if you do not to a certain measuie regu-
late the lequiieinent of money to be paid accoi d-
ing to the wealth of the person drafted. What
is there which a man will not pay for Ins life?
What is there which a man will not pay who has
the means, and who is not disposed to enter into
the military service, to be dischaiged from its
peiils and anxieties* And yet, sir, by the law
as it now stands you compel the poor and the 11eh
to pay the same sum. The rich man is diafted,
and he pays §300, which to him on that occasion
is nothing; he puts his hand in his pocket cis you
put your hand in your pocket to find the change
for a newspaper; whereas the poor man peihaps
is driven to sell all that lie has in order to save
himself for his family. Sir, is that just ? Tomy
mind it is not.
On a former occasion, in connection with tax-
ation, I read to the Senate what was said by an
eminent French writer, Mr. Say, and I now call
attention to this again in this connection, because
to my mind it bears with more force now than it
did then. He says:
" If it be desiied to tax individual income in such man-
ner a-* to picsa lighter in propoition that income ap-
pioaches to the confines ol baie necessity, taxation mu.t
not enlv be equitably appomoned, but inii t piess on rev-
enue with progressive giavity." * * * *
u riius, a tax tncielv ptopoitionatc to individual income,
would bo lar liom equitable; and this is ptobaliiy what
Adam ^mith meant by declaungit lea^onablc tlwu fheoch
man should contribute to the public expenses, not meiely
m ptopoj noil to the amount of hn  revenue, hut even some-
what moie. For my part I have no hesitation m going iui-
lhei,and raying that taxation cannot be equitable unl*-^
itf ratio be progiessive/'
Theie, sir, is the important proposition m con-
nection with Luxation that it " cannot be equita-
ble unless its ratio is progressive." In our tax
bill recently passed we have to a certain extent
adopted that principle. While recognizing the
principle on that occasion, I was not disposed to
press it beyond the recommendation of the Fi-
nance Committee; but the case is now changed;
here theie is no question of taxation, but it is a
question of how we shall equalize a burden upon
the community so that u shall be felt by the rich
and the poor alike. Sir, I can find no other way
in winch it can be equalized except by the grad-
uation which is now pioposed. If Senators will
point out any other way, 1 shall be ready to fol-
low them; but until they can point out another
way, I hope they will adopt the proposition that
I now oiler.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator that the genetal scheme of taxation
eqi;;,iizes burd-n5?.
Air. SUMNER. The Senator says that the
geheud schemeot taxation equalizes the burdens.
