1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
the field, and he should resign his place, whether
he would not be looked upon by the Army and the
people as a disgraced man, nnu whether ho would
not be leaving a service when at some time or other,
ari was the case with General McClellan, the Ad-
ministration might want him again for some,very
important purpose?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That would depend
on ciicumstances. If a man were relieved for
some disgraceful act, and should resign, his re-
signing would not add to the disgrace. If re-
lieved temporarily, 1 do not consider it the duty
of an officer the moment he is relieved to resign
his commission. But it does seem to me, in this
crisis of our affairs, that if an officer finds that
his services are not wanted by the Government
for more than twelve months, an honotable and
h'gh-minded man does not disgrace himself by
relinquishing his pay and emoluments by resign-
ing Ins commission, relinquishing his pay, and
going to work in some capacity where Ins ser-
vices are appreciated.
Most of these officers were appointed from
civil life. General Fremont was recalled from
Europe to take the appointment of a major gen-
eral. General McClellan was appointed from
civil life; I think he was engaged in civil engi-
neeiing in the State of Ohio at the time he received
his first commission. So it is with most of these
officers. Those gentlemen have the same capa-
city to enter civil life that they had before, and
the country wants their sei vices in their former
capacity as much as it did (hen. They certainly
ought not to consider themselves as pensioners
on the bounty of the Government because they
have been once commissioned, if that were so,
of course the doctrine would obtain here that once
a general always a general, and, by the same
process of reasoning, once a member of Congress
always a member of Congress, and so with all
other officials.
When the people say to these men their ser-
vices are not needed any more, and they are re-
lieved from duty, why should this Government
he called upon to continue their pay month after
month and year aft'T year, any more than they
should pay the employes around this Capitol after
they are discharged ? When this Capitol is fin-
ished, and before it is finished, I expcct many
stone-masons at work upon it will be discharged,
and shall we continue to pay those mechanics
month after month and year after year because
they were once employed by the Government?
When cieiks employed in the Departments are
discharged, do you continue their pay? Not at
all. Do you not upon every change of Adminis-
tration turn out vast numbers of officials and put
in others,and docs not their pay then cease? Yes.
Does not a man who hiies another, either profes-
sionally or as a laborer, dhichai :e him when he
gets through with his services, and cease to pay
him wages ? Yes.
I ask,"then, in the name of common sense, why
it is that a man, because lie lias two stais on his
shoulders, is to be placed upon a belter fooling
in regard to his salary and his right to diaw money
fiom the Treasury of the United State? than any
other employe or official of the Government?
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. As a matter
of coutse i have a disposition to agree with the
gentleman as far as I can, and, m order to under-
stand his precise position, I thought proper to
ask him one or two questions, i now propose
to ask him another. I desire to know whether
he willies to be understood assaying that when,
for instance, General MeCh llan reauhul Alexan-
dra, ftom Harrison's Landing, and wps super-
seded by Pope, prior to the battle of Antictam, it
whs nieum bent upon Gcneial McClellan to resign
because of that snpejsednre?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have already said
thaf 1 decline to enter into a personal discussion
of the merits of thrse several officers, for the con-
sideration of this measure docs not requne it.
Whm the genci\d referred to by my fnend o\er
(he way beeonns a candidate tor the Presidency,
■hi. may then discuss his merits.
Mr. MH.LKR, of Pennsylvania. That has
nothing to do wjth my unci rogatory, which <joes
fo the p. mi r of the <irnt]oman*^ argument. I sim-
ply made use of die name ofCeneud McClellan
in order to <rivt my idea a pointed dirtction.
Mr. FAIU\rSWORTH. At present we have
only to deal with the subject us we find it, and I
think that it is the duty of Congress to deal with
ma jor generals and brigadier generals just as we
w< nld deal with subordinate officers.
When subordinate officers are relieved from
duty they are dismissed and sent home. A col-
onel, a captain, a lieutenant, sometimes for very
slight cause, has his shoulder-straps taken from
him and is sent home. You discharge your com-
mon soldier and send him home Without a pension
unless he has been disabled in the service. A
general officer, like a private, is entitled to a pen-
sion when disabled. But I think it is the duty of
Congress to treat general officers who are render-
ing no service to the Government in the same
manner in which they treat employes in other de-
partments of the Government. Why should we
pay men money who render no equivalent there-
for, and many of whom will render no more ser-
vice in the field, in all probability, duiing the ex-
istence of this war? The question simply is, shall
we continue to pay them fordoing nothing? and
that is all theie is of it. We have provided by
law for the consolidating of skeleton regiments
and mustering out supernumerary officers, and
it is often done. Field and line officers arc thus
discharged, and their pay ceases, and that too for
no shadow of fault of theirs.
So, too, we retire officers of the Army who have
served their country faithfully forty-five years,
and for no other fault, and cut off half their pay.
Mr. KERN AN obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gentle-
man from New York, I would like to explain the
hist clause of my amendment, which provides that
no man shall 1>e dropped from the service who
has received the thanks of Congress. I under-
stand that it has been the uniform custom of the
Navy Department in no case to retire any officer,
for any cause whatever, who has received the
thanks of Congress. Theie is a law to tha-tefFect.
So I am informed by my friend from Maryland,
[Mr. Thomas.j
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Ohio knows very well that the thanks of Con-
gicssare rather cheap nowadays. I think we
have thanked almostevcrybody who has had any-
thing to do with the Army, and if the doctrine is
to picvail that every man who has been thanked
by Congress for some imaginary good that he has
done is to be a perpetual office-holder, it seems
to me that it is time the country should know it.
I would ask the gentleman if he proposes to con-
tinue m office perpetually every man who has re-
ceived the thanks of Congress?
Mr. COX. I only referred to that to show,
whathas been the custom and the law,and I think
courtesy requires that we should conform to it.
I know that this thing of tendering the thanks of
Congress has been cheapened lately, not, how-
cvi r7 by out side of the House. But where a gen-
eral has received the thanks of Congress solemnly
and after investigation by the Military Committee
it is entitled to some consideration; as much with
reference to the Army as to the Navy.
I wish to repeat again that General McClellan
asks no favor of this soi t fiotn anybody in power.
If you rule him out, he will go out with-out re-
gard to consequences.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thegentlemanknows
very well that it is the custom of Congress, when
they thank a commanding general, to thank also
all the officers and men under his command.
Does he wish to include all the officers and men
who have been under General McClellan's com-
mand''
Mr. COX. If they are worthy of it I would
keep them all in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You would keep them
all in?
Mr. COX. Yp«, if tle-y are worthy. I would
ratlin- have kept the gentleman in the Army than
have had him here m Confess. [Laughter.]
Mi. KiJRNAN. Mi. Speaker, i am m fa\or
of rt iieving the Treasury and the Army from offi-
cers who are unfit to render service in the rank
whu-h they fill. But I desne to call the attention j
of the House to the resolution mlioduced by the i
Committee on Miiitaiy Afians, and also to the !
substitute which I have <. in-red, with a view of ;
effectiri" this object. The resolution provides that j
all majorgenerals;
nd bnffadict generals whoshall
on the 1st of April next not be in service, and
who shall not have been during the three months
prior thereto, shall be dropped from the rolls of the
Army. Thus we take a class of men who are in
thatcategory without any wish on their part to be
there, who are placed there by the act of the Pres-
ident, and we declare that they shall be dropped
from the rolls. The substitute which I offer dif-
fers from the original in one particular only. I
have copied the original proposition entirely,
cept that instead of dropping all the men who hap-
pen to be in that position, I provide that the Pres-
ident shall appoint a competent board of military
officers, who shall examine carefully into the effi-
ciency and the capability of all the men described
in the resolution, to wit, all who are not in active
service on the 1st of April, 1864, and who have
not been for three months prior to that date, and
shall report to the President who are competent,
efficient, and fit to perform the duties of their re-
spective ranks, and whoarenot. I appeal to this
House as to which is the proper remedy for the
evil. If there be, as I doubt not there are, some
among these brigadier generals and major gener-
als utterly incompetent to fill the places, and if,
on the other hand, there be, as the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs frankly admit-
ted, others who, he believes and we all believe,
are meritorious officers fit for the place, shall we,
by an act of Congress, legislate the meritorious
and the worthless, the worthy and the unworthy-
alike, out of place? Should we notratherappoint
a competent board,and allow those officers whom
the President has omitted to assign to scrvice cor-
responding with their rank to go before it, let that
board examine as to their qualifications for ser-
vice and report to the President, and, if he ap-
prove, lettho'se who are reported to be unfit be dis-
missed, and those who are reported to be fit and
valuable for the service of the country be retained
and assigned to duty?
I doubt not there are political, not fighting, gen-
erals among them. And who appointed them, and
why were they appointed? They.were appointed
by the President of the United States, very many
of them under political pressure. They were ap-
pointed for their political opinions and their polit-
ical services. They were, many of them, men
who never did and never will do valuable ser-
vice in the Army. A colonel from the district I
represent, amon.g the first who marched a regi-
ment of volunteers to the relief of this capital,
who served faithfully and gallantly all through
the campaign of the Peninsula, and the succeed-
ing one in Mar?4and, who for much of the time
commanded a brigade, could not get the appoint-
mentof brigadier general, although recommended
for the position time and again by his command-
ing general; but a gentleman from New York,
recently appointed to the bench by the Presi-
dent, and others like him, who never faced the en-
emy,could be appointed to reward them for polit-
ical services. 1 am in favor of dismissing that
class of generals who, no matter by what influ-
ence appointed, are unfit for the position, and
hinder the promotion of deserving men; butitis
but just, and I am in favor of giving to all, whether
I believe them fit or not, a fair hearing before
they are dismissed. Let a board of officers be
appointed; let them examine into each case,and
report to the President the names of those who
are unfit, and they will be dismissed. The Treas-
ury should be relieved from the burden of these
political generals, one of whom made swagger-
ing speeches about coming home to crush politi-
cal opponents in the North after he had cr-ushed
the rebellion; but when the rebels moved upon
him at Winchester, so far from ciushing, he did
not even make a manly show of resisting, but
fled into Pennsylvania.
I therefore agree with the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farnswortxi.] He need not appeal
to me to stand by him in favor of relieving the
Tieasury and the Army from those unfit and un-
worthy men who are pensioned upon it. But 1
would give to every man, whether I think well
or ill of him, an opportunity to go before a com-
petent tribunal to be examined, so that we may
have a reason for dropping him if we do drop
him, and a reason for retaining him if wc do re-
tain him.
Sir, I do not mean to enter into a discussion of
the qualifications of any particular individual I
desire to look at this as a practical question, taking
things as we find them. I am in favor of having
every one of these officers to whom this resolu-
tion applies tried by a competent tribunal. Let
