1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
The Senatoi !.•; mistaken. The question now is
how much a man shni! pay in order to be relieved
from the bidden of military semce; and I teil the
Senator that it n not oquulity to compel tlio poor
man tu conmbute his dilfoi that exemption while
the rich man contributes what to him is next to
nodnng. Su, in that there no equality. Sup-
pose tin- SfivTor himself were drafted^, indisposed
as he probably would be to military life, what is
tht're th it he would not contnbutefor theexemp-
tion? To him, und«T such circumstances, ^300
wmid be as? nothing; and yet, to the poor man,
£,3U.) is eve i y thing. in .shoi t, there are many who
have >t )m 11, riictu aic many who, by calling upon
iheir h lends, oy i ansackmg every resource witnm
their hmgU, aie not able to command that small
sum. Othtns peihaps just able to command it,
are compelled, in oider to obtam the exemption,
to buid.,'11 their families, to deny comfort to wife
and child
Now, sir, the rich man is under no such obli-
gation. If he be drafted under the existing laws,
he finds his substitute or he pours into the Treas-
ury las £>300; he draws his check and it is all
over; it is nothing to him. Sir, there is no equity
in the law as it now stands. But I have .said that
the proposition has in it two elements; the firstis
that it seeks justice; the second is that it provides
a fund out of which bounties may be distributed
by the Seci ctary of War among the men actually
drafted and mustered into the service. In that
proposition you have another temptation to the
service, or if it bp not another temptation it is
something which will soften and mitigate its hard-
ships. The soldier, while on the field of battle,
while on his march, will bear in mind that when
the time of honorable discharge comes, or, should
he be taken away by death, then for the benefit
of his wife and minor children, he may look to
the fund created out of these contributions for a
bounty which shall be to him or to them some-
thing1 in the way of support. 1 say, therefore,
you will have in that patt of the proposition a
temptation which all of you confess you now need
in (iidt-r to cany forward your enlistments, or
von will have something to sofien and to mitigate
them. ^
Air. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, next to
that which is right is that which is least e\il. I
took occasion tins afternoon to affirm what 1 held
to be the right rule wuh icgardto the bringing of
our troops into the field. It did not meet with
the approbation of the Senate. I thought that
was altogether light, and 1 undertook briefly to
ma.ni un it as such. Next to that proposition is
the one now ofieied by-the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and I am somewhat surprised that I
have come ..s near to hmi upon a war proposition
as 1 find niysclfto-ninht, for 1 find myself, in the
present condition of this movement, compelled to
:>ive him tlie concunence of my onmton, not as
a matter of the most just legislation, but under the
ciicumstances the most expedient.
We have by our present legislation placed the
poorest citizen, with tegard to the money that
may relieve him, upon the same level with the
man of a colossal iortune. That great wrong,
to a certain extent, the Senator from Massachu-
setts has sought to obviate by chaining upon
those men whose incomes are millions, or hun-
dreds of thousands, or tens of thousands, some
proportionate charge when they shall ask that
they or their sons or their brothus or their cous-
ins shall be reheard Irorn the responsibilities of
Wi"'.
1 have thought that in a Government like ouis
then- wese two distinct forms of taxation, and ia
t\iu> 1 differ I think with tin. Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. There is a tax charged on the citizen
that ispeid with his best blood on the bnttle-feld
in manii,lining the liberty or the integrity of Ins
Shitf or his Government. That is a tax thatcan
onlv bedihchn.^ed where armies aie arrayed.
Then thin is a tax charged upon the wealth of the
comiuv, its c-inuieicial, its manufactuimg, its
a>->  cui".at «•>! w viih, with which arms have noth-
i;1\ ;,, SJ, , v'pt that i!.< y aie auxil.ary to arms.
I have always made according to my theory an
ex:«ct di^tn.e:ion, and theiufo'e I have said ail
those yv ho arc sublet to sei ve th" Republic and to
j, t , ,< !^, J,,;,..; , j' wU'id t<( '-'bey t'n (Mil of the Go v -
ornt.ienr and in.<y themselves in battle when-
ever'batile is rLti:cii«;ul and whenever the Grov-
iUi'iit cM.uniands," Bat that view of mine has
J been ignored by a most positive vote. $ow,the
Senator proposes that those persons who have
\ accumulated large fortunes, those men possessed
! of vast wealth, when they are called upon for the
! tax where the peril of life is called for, that some-
thing which is more valuable than lands orhouses
or gold or silver, and when men are^to be excused
from paying that tax, shall contribute that which
shall bear some relation to their possessions. The
Senator from Massachusetts is right if we permit
a compromise between the first great obligation
we owe to the Constitution and the laws, the ob-
ligation of our service and our lives to maintain
them, and the right to the possessions, the prop-
erty, and the material interests of the country.
He proposes a compromise now between blood
and money; and as blood has had no considera-
tion in the aigument of to-day and money has
borne the palm alone, a compromise, if compro-
mise can be had, is the only thing to be accepted
now. 1 will take the compromise and see how the
men of vast fortune who have to be protected, men
who have ships upon the seas, men who have great
warehouses upon our seaboard, men who have
great manufactories in our inland cities, men who
have vast farms in the West, men who live amidst
abundant luxury—how far they may apportion
themselves to sacnfices which demand of the
young the red blood of our Republic. If we can-
not maintain the right, then 1 will take the best
compromise, and the best com promise comes from
the Senator from Massachusetts. I shall therefore
go for his amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, i move that this bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. Why nothaveavote on my
proposition ?
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied it will take all
the test of the evening to discuss this single prop-
osition, and I apprehend that the bill will in the
end go to the Coinmitteeun Military Affairs after
we may have adopted it or rejected it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The debate on that propo-
sition is over.
Mr. COLLAMER. I want to have the light
of the committee on this very proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. Veiy well.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the Sen-
; ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjoin n.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to—ayes
17, noes 21.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
Kansas to withdraw his motion for the purpose
of allowing me to move to take up the telegraph
bill so as to leave it the unfinished business.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There are a great
many executive messages from the President that
ought to be referred to committees, and there is
a very important officer in my State to be con-
firmed. 1 insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and after sometime
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 20, 1SG4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Ciianxinu.
On motion of Mr. STEELjE, of New York, the
reading of the Journal of Saturday was dispensed
with.
INTRODUCTION OF HILLS.
The SPEAKER, stated the business in order to
be the call of States for the introduction of bills
and resolutions for loferencc, not to be btought
back on a motion to reconsideu
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, introduced a bill
to incorporate the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation of the city of W ashing ton; winch was read
a fust and second time, and refened to the Com-
mittee for the District of.Coiumbia.
ADDITIONAL COMMITTEES.
Mr, WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which wasread, and referred to the'Gchiw
mittee on Rules:
Resolved, That the Committee on Utiles iifquire into the?
expediency of creating two additional standing coriMnktees-
of the House, namely: the first to beealied aOommitteeonu
Internal Revenue, which shall consider all matters relating
to that subject ; the second to be called a Committee on
Bunking and Currency, winch shall consider ai{ matters
pertaining'to said subject. -
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
which the resolution was referred'; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. :
The latter motion was agreed to.
SABBATH OBSERVANCE.
Mr. PRICE submitted the following resolution,
on the adoption of which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Whereas it is and ever has been admitted since die
formation of our Government that the prosperity of tins
nation depended upon and was attributable to our recogni-
tion and observance of th« laws of God and the consequent
protection of an all-wise Providence; and whereas the ro-~
cent act of Congicss compelling the railroad company to
run their street cats in this city on the Sabbath is indirect
contiavenuon of the divine law and inconsistent with our
professions as a Chiistian nation: Theiefoie,
Resolnetl, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed
to report a bill repealing the law compelling the running of
cars in the streets of this city on the Sabbath day.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, 15 voted in the affirmative and 43 in the
negative; no quorum.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, I appeal to the
.gentleman from Iowa so to modify his resolution
as to make it one of inquiry.
Mr. PRICE. No, sir; I want it to be one of
instructions.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that by the
law as it existed this company had the right U)
run their cars on Sunday, but that this new legis-
lation requires them -to lun.
Mr. PRICE Exactly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
the bill to which the gentleman refers in his res-
olution has passed the House, but is pending in
the Senate, and has not, therefore, become a law.
Mr. PRICE. It has become a law so far as
this House is concerned, and I want theantidote
to follow the poison in quick succession.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Middleton and Price.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 15, noes 50; no quorum voting.
Mr. CRAYENS moved that thurc be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Mes<r.- William J. Allen, Allison, Anderson, Arnold;
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Blame, Brandegee, Brooks,
Droomall, James S. Biown, William G. Brown, Clay,
Cobb, CoftVoth, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Doming, l)enis>on, Donnelly, Dmnout,
Eldnd^e, English, Famswoitli, Fmck, Ganson, Garfield,
Grnmell, GriMvold,H<ill,Ilulbuid,Jei)ckc*, William John-
son, Julian, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Ivcr-
nnti, Km", Knapp, Knox, LUtlejolni, McAllister, McBude,
Leonard Myers, Nchon, Odeil, Clnules O'Neill, John
O'Neill, Patterson, Pike, Pomcroy, Samuel J. Randall,
William II. Randall, Alexander II. Itice, Rogers, llo*«,
Schenck, Scofield, Smith,Simthers, Spalding, Starr,fetcb-
bins, William G. Steele, Sweat, Thomas, Upson, Van
Valkonbmgh, Vooihees, Ward, Webner, VVindom, Ifcn-
jamm Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and xea-
man.
Mr. CRAVENS. Onehundred and fourmem-
bers having answered to their names, I move that
all further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
The motion recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
The SPEAKER stated that no quorum having
appeared on the last vote, he would order tellers;
and appointed Messrs. Hubbard, of Iowa, and
PnuYN. , , . . , i • j
Mr. COX moved that the whole subject be hud
on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes w,
noes 35.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. PRICE demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays. . ,
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas ana
navs were not ordered.
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. McKlNNEY, from the Committee on En-
