106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
longed to the States, and I have not heard it
doubted.
Why, sir, if the proposition of the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts be true, the commander of the de-
partment to which Massachusetts belongs would
have a right on the eve of an election to prescribe
a qualification to a voter just as much as lie would
in Kentucky; for Kentucky is a loyal and adher-
ing State. While some of our people have gone
off to the rebellion, the State has never faltered in
its loyalty to the Union. I put it to that Senator
to*know whether he would be willing for one of
the officers of the Army of the United States in
command of the State of Massachusetts, and on
the eve ofan election, to prescribe the qualifications
of voters, when those qualifications were in viola-
tion of the qualifications prescribed by the con-
stitution and laws of Massachusetts ? Would he
as a freeman submit to it for a moment? If the
Senator's proposition be correct, if they can make
one test they can make another. If they have
the power to fix the qualifications of voters, they
have the power to fix them just as they please.
If they have the power to demand in the State of
Delaware, for instance, an oath of allegiance to
the Constitution of the country fiom the man who
has never been in rebellion, they have a right in
Massachusetts to demand that he swear before he
votes that he has never been an abolitionist, or
never belonged to the Democratic party or the old
Whig party. If you grant the power, you ac-
knowledge a principle that will overthrow your
Government.
Sir, the Commonwealth of Kentucky has on
her statute-books laws, which it is unnecessary
for me to state again, on this very subject. The
judges of the election or any bystander has the
right to demand of every man who approaches
the polls, that he should take an oath that he has
not borne arms in this rebellion, or given aid and
comfort to it; and if he refuses, the law provides
that his vote shall not be taken; and yet, not-
withstanding that qualifications larger than those
are prescribed by the military, other test oaths are
required.
1 am not speaking ofStates that have attempted
to secede. i am alluding to the adhet inj> States
of the Union. If the Sonatoradmits the principle
in one State, he admits a principle that will nllow
the military throughout this country, at the point
of the bayonet, to propose such qualifications as
will always elect the candidates of the party they
are in favor of. Sir, the elections, if conducted
in that way, would be as much a mockery as
they were in England m the time of Cromwell,
when he laid off that country into twelve districts,
and placed twelve major generals over them,
clothcd with absolute power.
I wish Senators to look this question squarely
in the face as it is, not to throw off on a State
here or there, the people of whieh are unfortunate-
ly divided in this contest; but 1 demand to know
from whence they deiive this power. I hold that
no officer of this Government, high or low, has
any power except that with which he is clothed
by the Constitution, and the laws made m pursu-
ance thereof; and whenever he transcends the
powerconfened by the Constitution and laws, be
he Piesident, majoi general, Congressman, Sen-
ator, or any other official, he is a usurper, and a
liberty-loving people will treat him as such. All
are usurpers who do not administer the functions
of their office in obedience to the laws, or who
exercisc powers with which they are not clothed
by the Constitution and laws. This, Mr. Presi-
dent, is a weighty question, and one that lies at
the very foundations of our liberties; and I wish
gentlemen to meet it fairly; 1 wish them to show
the clause in the Constitution upon which they
predicate this great power of a commandcr-in-
chief. He docs not have it, sir; ho is not clothed
with it; and he who executes the order, and he
who makes it, are alike usurpers, and deserve to
be treated as such, and in all time to come will be
so considered.
You may prate of human liberty as you please;
but there is no liberty save in the supremacy of
the laws. The laws are supreme and above all.
All the magistracy are or should be obedient to
the laws. They arc the creatures of the law.
They can exercise no function not conferred by
the law.
Mr. President, I think when the time shall come
to discuss this bill, I shall be able to show, not
only from reason, but from analogy and precedent,
that it ought to be passed. While I am up, sir,
in consequence of the declaration of the Senator,
from Massachusetts,! will move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the Senate declined to
refer this bill to the Judiciary Committee, for the
reason,amongothers, that that Senator, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, has
proclaimed hostility to the measure. I do not
think a bill of this importance should be handed
over to a committee who are ready to strangle it.
The Senator—and I admire the manliness with
which he has done it—has avowed his hostility
to it, and I hope the Senate will leconsider its
vote. I will not again enter into the argument on
the subject-matterof the bill to show that it prop-
eily belongs to the Judiciary Committee, but I do
hope the Senate will not send a matter of this im-
poi tance to a committee who arc ready to murder
it in cold blood.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest to the Senator fiom Kentucky that as he
voted, according to the recollection of the Chair,
with the minority, it is not competent for him to
move a reconsideration. 1
Mr. POWELL. That is true, sir. I acknowl-
edge the rule and withdraw the motion; but I do
hope some Senator who voted with the majority
will make that motion.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I said very
frankly to the Senator from Kentucky that I was
opposed to his bill. If the Senate choose to send
it to the committee of which I am a member, very
well; if they choose to send it any where else, the
same. I have no desne to have it go to my com-
mittee, or to deal with it. I said frankly in ad-
vance, what I thought I ought to say, that I was
opposed to any legislation on this subject in the
present condition of our country. My mind is
made up, my position is taken.
Sir, I do not understand that the action com-
plained of imposes a qualification of voters, oris
an attempt to prescribe a qualification of voters.
The States make their own election laws. This
is a lequixiuon, an order made that certain per-
sons fell a!) take the oath of allegiance before they
exeieise the right of suffrage. The Senator asks
me if 1 am willing that it shall be applied to my
State. 1 answer, if the necessities of the country
icquiie it, 1 am. 1 am willing to take that oath
of allegiance at sun rise and at sunset. Whenever
and wherever I am asked to take it, I am willing
to do it, and I am willing that every man in my
State shall be required to take it. Cut, sir, I claim
that there is no necessity for it there. If the time
shall come when wu have a pnitiuu of our people
"in sympathy with the rebellion, cooperating with
it, limning into it and coming outof it,givingaid
and comfort to it, then 1 shall be willing that the
commander of that department shall, by the au-
thority of the Government, pi oelaim military law,
and require at the ballot-box that the oath of alle-
giance to the country shall be taken. And, sir,
theie is no danger to any man's liberty in this
country growing out of the effort to keep rebel
ballots out of the ballot-box; there ncvci has been;
and the outcry about violated lights that has rung
through the land is false in fact, and has been
only in the inteiost of the rebellion.
Sir, the Senator from Kentucky knows, we all
know, that a portion, a large portion, of the peo-
ple of Kentucky have been in the rebellion. He
knows that there arc thousands of men to-day on
the soil of Kentucky with treason m their hearts.
We all know it. Then ought those men to shape
the policy of Kentucky m this hour of trial?
Ought we to send thousands of our young men
into that State, who are emptying out their blood
upon its soil to defend the country, and then al-
low traitors, cowardly traitors, who have not
taken up arms with Breckinridge and Morgan
and Preston and Marshall, to go to the ballot-box
and vote what they could not maintain with arms
in their hands> 1 know no party in this matter;
I care nothing about party interests in relation to
it; but I do believe that m every military depart-
ment where there are disturbances, where there
are revolutionary proceedings, where there is dan-
ger to our country, it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to require the oath of allegiance to betaken,
the good of thecountry making it necessary; and
I believe men loyal and true will joyfully take that
oath, and that men who shrink from it do so for
partisan purposes, or out of sympathy with the
rebellion. That is my conviction; that is the con-
\iction of the loyal and true men of the countiy.
Sir, what arc we to have in the rebel States?
We believe that, as our military power advances,
the rebellion will becrushed out. Weknow that
traitors will rush to the ballot-box to save their
lives and their property, and direct and control
public affairs. If we let them come at all, I think
that the least we can require of them is that they
shall take the oath of allegiance to their country.
Sir, it is poor business, when thousands of our
men are to-day in the land of the rebellion fight-
ing and bleeding to maintain the cause of our
menaced country, for the Congress of the United
States to be passing laws striking at the Govern-
ment, because it requires those bold, bad men to
takfc an oath of allegiance to their countiy before
they shall approach the ballot-box of the country.
I know the American people are against any
such legislation. The people of this country have
always been with the Government in these acts
denounced as arbitrary, and they are with it to-
day. Their only complaint is that the Govern-
ment,has not been efficient and bold enough in
carrying out this policy; and the bolder the Gov-
ernment is, the more the heart of the people throbs
in support of it. Senators may arraign the Gov-
ernment here during all this session; they may
introduce resolutions that I regard as peisonally
insulting to every man in the Senate and in the
Government, but the patriotic people of the coun-
try will take care of the country, and take care
of these men too. I have 110 anxiety about it,
none at all.
I know, sir, that when this war commenced
thousands of the men of the State of Kentucky
took arms and rushed into rebellion. 1 know that
some of her leading men advised Kentucky to
maintain an armed neutrality, and not stand by
their country, and those men have illustrated since
on all occasions their hostility to what the Gov-
ernment has been doing to putdown the lebellion.
1 say to Senators here to-day, you may ariaign
the Government for these acts m defense of the
nation as much as you please, but if the Govern-
ment will stand up boldly and manfully, and put
its iron hand upon the traitors wherever it finds
them, the people of the country will stand by
the Government, putdown this rebellion,and the
men who have been and now are denouncing the
Government for patriotic action in support of the
unity of the Republic and the liberties of coming
generations.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall not enter, Mr.
President, into any defense of the people of the
State of Delaware, or any portion of the people
of the State of Delaware, against the speech of the
Senator from Massachusetts. He professes to
know a great deal about the State of Delaware.
1 am very glad that his knowledge is so extensive;
but that Senator will allow me to remark that the
people of that State did not learn their lessons in
loyalty, their principles of loyalty, either from the
State of Massachusetts, from its Senators, or from
any of its inhabitants; and when they seek for
correct definitu ns of those terms, for a correct
knowledge of those principles, they will consult
such oracles as to them may seem proper. I will
not re to i t by saying that there arc traitors in Mas-
sachusetts. It becomes not me to arraign Mas-
sachusetts or her people. I shall not do so. I
leave such work as that to those whose tastes it
may suit.
Rut, sir, when or where has Delaware or her
people shown any want of devotion to this Union ?
When, where, and how have they shown any
want of devotion to the principlcsof civil liberty?
In the battles of the Revolution, when they weie
fighting for the preservation and assertion ofthese
liberties, the Stale of Delaware did her part. In
every war in which the country has been engaged
with a foieign Power, the State of Delaware and
her authouties have been found on the side of the
United States, and they have not been found
sending embassadors to Hartford Conventions.
JNeither have they been found urging upon the
Mexicans to welcome Americans with bloody
hands to hospitable graves, or asserting that un-
der any circumstances such a course would be
proper. Since the commencementof these unfor-
tunate troubles, no company has been raised in
the State of Delaware to join the forces at war
! with the United States. I will venture to say to-
