2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed over, if-th-ere be 110 objection. The Chair
hears none. The next amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole wili be rend.
The Secretary read the next amendment, which
was in line nineteen of section thirty-one, to strike
out the word " its" before " deposit.*.*'
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in line twenty-seven
of-scc>ion thirty-one, after the word "Boston"
to insert" Portland, Maine;" before " San Fran-
cisco" to insert "and," and after 44 San Fran-
cisco" to strike out "and Portland."
-Mr. HiiNDERSGN. Js it in order now to
move an amendment to that section, striking out
all those places except the city of New York ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such a mo-
tion is not now in order. It will be in oidcrafter
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole shall have been disposed of.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section forty, uf-
ter the word " association," in line seven, to insert
" and the officers authorized to assess taxes under
State authority."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strikeout the fol-
lowing clause in the forty first section of the bill:
Ami nothing in tins act shall bo eon^tiued to prevent the
taxation by Slates of the capital -lock of banks organized
under this act, the same ax the pioperty of other moneyed
corporations, lor Statu or municipal put po*u-«; hut no Stale
shall im pose mi v tux upon t^uch associations', oi their capital,
circulation, dividends, or business, at a higher rate ot tax-
ation than shall be imposed by Mich State upon the same
amount of moneyed capital in the hand< of individual citi-
zens of such State: Provided, That no State tax --hall be
Imposed on any pan ol the capital stock of such association
Inve.-ied hi the bonds of the United Suite* deposited as
security for its circulation.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And In lieu of all other taxes, evety association siiall pay
to the Treasurer of the United Staler, in the mouths of
January and July, a duty of one ball'oi one pei cent, each
half yem imm and aftei tho 1-t dnvot Jaiuiai v, IKdt, upon
the average amount ol its notes inciteulation, and a duly
of one (pjaiter of one pa cent. each hall year upon the
iiveia«e amount of its depo-hs, and a duiv of one qiiauer
ol one pei rent, each halt >eai, as aionWud, on the aver-
age j'.nount of it* capital stock be_\ ond ihe amount limited
iu United States bond-.; and in caseoi deluult in the pay-
ment thereof by any association, the duties aforesaid may
he collected in the manner provided for the collection of
United States duties ot other corporation*, ortheTrcasUier
may reserve the amount of said dutu a out of the interest
as it may become dtlo on the bonds deposited with lumb\
such defaulting association, And it shall be ihe duty of
each association within ten daysijom jhe Jsi d<i> s
tiaiy ami July ol each > ear, to make a wturii under the
oatJioi its piestdeni orca-duei to the Ticasuier of the Um
ted States, ill -net) tonn as lie may pro-cube, ol the aver-
age .imoiiii! of its notes ui ciu ul.uion, ami of the average
amount of its deposits, and ol the aveia e amount ot Ti-
capital stock be\ond the amount invented in United States
bonds for the six months next piecednu: said 1st days of.
January and July as aforesaid ; and in dci.mli of sUeh le- |
turn, and tor each d'Mault thereol, each det.iultmy assoeia- i
tion shall forleit ami pay to Ihe United Stales the slim of '
to be Collet ted cither out ot the hiteiiM as it maybe 1
come due such association on the bondsdepo.-ited with the I
Trea-uner, or, at his option, in the     in which pen- !
allien ine to he collected <u other corpoinuous undci the j
la\v-  of ihe. United State- ; ami in case of Mich delault the 1
amount of the duties to be paid by such association shall !
be assessed upon the amount ot no'tes deliveied to-uchas- 1
sociution bv the Coinpiiollci ol the Ciiirem \ , and upon the
highest amount of its deposit and capital stock, to he as-
certained in such oilier maniiei a- tin: Tiea-urer may deem
best: lJi oi iilcii, That nothing in this net shall he con-tmcd
to prevent the m irk -t vahieof ihe shares in any of the said 1!
association-, held by any peison or bodv coipoiate, hoin j'
being included in tiie valuation of the pcisonui pioperty ot i!
such per-on <n eoipoMtion m the a-M sMiient ol all taxes lj
iiopox-d by or nudei State authority tor Stale, county, <>r '
municipal purposes, but not at a jjjieater rate than is as- Si
sussed upon other moneyed capital iu ihe hands ot indi- jj
vulual cit't/.en-of Mich Stat-- And all the icoddles p,n-
vided by State laws loi the collection ot such taxes -hall i,
be applicable ineieto; Pio> idcd,al so, Thai nothing in this jj
act shall exempt ihe real <-ute of associations tiom either ji
State, county, or municipal taxes to the .-aim; extent, ae- l!
cording to its value, as oilier real estate is taxed. j |
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the ij
amendment by inseuing after the woid " thereto" ji
and before the last proviso: jj
~1nd provided furthc.u That no tax shall he imposed uu- >;
der the laws ot any State tipoa the shares m any ot the ij
associations autluuued b\ this act at -a tale c.\ce<uini" that '1
imposed on the shaies in hanks organized under the au- -I
thoiity ol the State where such association i-> located.
Theamendmentto theamendment was agreed to
Mr. SUMNER. I now move this as a substi-
tute for the amendment of the committee:
fn lieu of all other taxes on the capital, ciieulation, depos.
iu, bhare-j, and other property, every association shali pay
to the Treasurer of the United States, in the months of Jan-
uary and July, n duty of one per cent, each half year from
find after the 1st day of January, 11364. upon tho average
amount of its notes in ciieulation, and a duty of one half
of one per cent, each half year upon the average amount
of its. d* posits., and a duty ot one half of one per cent, each
halt yea i as aloiesaid, on the average amount of its capital
stock beyond the amount invented in United States bonds;
and in ease of default in the payment thereof by any asso-
ciation, the duties aforesaid may bo collected in the manner
provided for the collection of United States duties of other
eoiporations, or the Treasurer may receive the amount of
such duties out of the intcieat as it may become due on the
bonds deposited wit)} hmi by s-ucli defaulting association.
And each association shall, within ten days from the 1st
days ot January and July of each yeai, make a return, un-
dei the oath of its president oi cashier, to the Treasuiei of
the United States, in such form as he maypiescnhe,ofthe
average amount of its notes in circulation, and of the aver-
age. amount of its deposits, and ot tho aveiage amount of
its capital stock beyond the amount invented in United
States bonds, for the six mouths next preceding the 1st days
ol January and July, as nfoie<atd, and, in default of such
return, and fot cach default thoteof, fach defaulting asso-
ciation shall forleit and pay to the United Stages the sum
of $200, to be collected either out ot ihe inteie.st as it may
become duo 10 such association 'on the bonds deposited
with the Tteasuier, or, at his option, in the maunei in
which penalties aie to he collected of other corporations
under the laws of the United States; and in ease of such
default the amount of the dutie- to be paid by such asso-
ciation shall be asses-ed upon the amount of note* deliv-
ered to such association by the Comptrollei of the Cm-
rency, and upon the highest amount ot iU deposits and
capital stock, to be ascertained in such other manner a« the
Tieasuier may deem best: Pioiidcd, That nothing tn this
act shall exempt t/ie real estate ot associations n oni eithei
State, county, or municipal taxes to the <-ame extent, ac-
cording to its value, a* other real c-tate is taxed: Pionded,
alio, That all taxes imposed by this or any lutnie act on
banking associations otgani/.ed* under national legi-slation
shall be applied exclusively to the payinci't ofthe intetest
and prinopal of the national debt ol the United States.
Mr. "WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the e.onsidetation of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill lias been drag-
ging its weary way along till eveiyhody js tiled
of it. I feel obliged, in the position which i oc-
cupy, to insist upon going on with it. There is
no business in executive session that is pressing
to-day.
Several Senators, ft is neai four o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wo cannot adjourn every
day at four o'clock.
Mr. WILSON, if iho Senator from Ohiode-
s-ires to go on with the bill, I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, atlast in this
discussion it is clear that we have come to the
place whete the road blanches in two opposite
dnactions—one way toward the support of the
whole country, and of that improved currcncy
which is essential not only to the general welfare
but also to the common defrnse, and the other
toward State rights, State taxation, and Stale
banlca. Which road will you take, sir?
Or, stating the ca.se in a difleient way, it is a
question between the national crtd'U, involving
the interests of all, on the one side, and certain
local pietensions on the other side. It is a ques-
tion between the whole and a part; between the
life of tiu! Republic and a small percentage of lux-
ation which Senatois claim for their States. The
enemy is at our gales and gold is at ISO, and yet
Senatoi a hesitate.
All are watching, at this moment, the move-
ment of our forces under General Gut/it, and are
longing for victory. Nothing that the country
can do to make Mm stiong has been left undone.
Men, money, supplies—everything has bee)) lav-
ished; and only yesteiday the Senate voted an- !
oilier $25,000,(j(W.
Hut tlieie is another field, whete the buttle is I
bloodless, but f>caicely less impoitant. mean !
the field of finance, if our pecuniary resoutces i
fail, it is donbtlul li the Aimy and Navy must 1
not fail also. Hut Mctory on this field would j
give triumphant suength and vigor to all the op- i
eiations ol Government. Thete is no argument j
for the support of Army and Navy—ay, sir, for '
the actual suppoit of the Lieutenant Geneial of
the United Slates, now m the field at the head
ol our military forces—which at this moment is
not equally applicable for the support of the Sec-
letary of the ireasuiy at the head of our^naw-
cial forces.
How different the treatment of these two offi-
cers. Everything is given to the one, almost with-
out discussion. But little is given to the other
wuhout higgling at every stage of the question.
There are movements now pending in the field
of national finance hardly less important than
those in the field of war. A defeat in finance
would te hardly less disastrous than a defeat in
war.
Under these circumstances, and at this critical
moment, a measure is brought forward whose
real character is to be discerned in its title, as fol-
lows: " To provide a national currency, secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof." The pri-
mary object of this bill is not, therefore,to estab-
lish national banks, but to secure the national
currency. For the sake of the currency a system
of national banks is to be established; they are
the means to the end. But the end sought is an
improved currency. Sir, this must not be for-
gotten. If it were a mere question of a national
bank, if it were a question between two rival sys-
tems, Senators might take sides. But who will
hesitate to give now all that is needed, even all
that is asked by the proper authorities, for an im-
proved cuirency? You may seem to give much
when you abandon sources of State taxation; but
you can give nothing that will not be returned to
you ten-fold, a hundred-fold, when the currency
at last becomes fixed and uniform.
Glance only for a moment at the incalculable
advantages of a sound currency. Gold will as-
sume its normal place; business will be sure;
values will be fixed; fluctuations will cease; in-
flated prices will pass away. There is notamart
of commerce, there is not a village in the whole
country, which will not feci the change. But this
great boon cannot be secured without correspond-
ing effort. Like victory in the field of battle, it
must be fought for and paid for.
And now, when victory seems to be within
reach, when an improved currency has been al-
ready begun, Senators hesitate in conceding to it
those facilities without which victory is doubt-
ful. They set up claims for their States and in-
sist upon certain rights of taxation. If this were
a moment of peace 1 could appreciate this preten-
sion; hut when consider the peril of the coun-
try, filling us all with such anxiety, when I con-
sider that its very life is assailed, and that it is to
bo defended on the field of finance justas much as
on the field of battle, 1 feel that every endeavor to
hamper the pending measure differs little in char-
acter from an effort to hamper our soldiers m the
field. We spare nothing essential to the strength
of our armies in the field: we should spare noth-
ing essential to the strength of our currency. Ar-
mies and finances both are necessary; both must be
chei t&hed and protected with equal patriotic care.
As 1 listen to the local pretensions put forward
at this moment, when the national life is staked
upon the issue, I am irresistibly reminded of a
kindred case which, at the very crisis of our Rev-
olution, was chastised by the humor and elo-
quence of Patrick Henry. You remember the
story. The army of Washington was reduced
to the extremity of distress, exposed, almost
naked, to the rigors of a winter sky, and mark-
ing the frozen giound with the blood of shoe-
less feet. "Where is the man," said Patrick
Henry, "who would not have thrown open his
fields, his barns, ins cellars, the doors of his
house, tho portals of his breast, to receive the
meanest soldier in that little famished band?
Where is the man? There he stands; but whether
the hoait of an American beats in his bosom, you
aie io judire!" It was to John Hook that he
pointed, who was then pressinga vexatious claim
ior supplies taken for use of these stai ving troops.
" What notes of discord do I hear?" exclaimed
the onitor. " They are the notes of John Hook,
hoaisely brawling tlnough the pat i jot camp, Beef!
beef.' beef!" And now, among- us, in our patriot
camp, we are doomed to listen to a similar cry.
Senators da not say Beef beef beef; but they say
what means the same thing. They ciy, State
taxation! State taxation! Slate taxation! And
they hold up State banks for us to fail down and
woiship.
Sir, 1 am unwilling to be misunderstood. I have
no feeling except of kmdn.ess for the State banks,
especially when they keep within the proper
sphere of banks and do not undertake to supply
a currency to the country. But at this moment,
when we are seeking to create a new currency
which shall be the foundation of national credit,
and of national character too, J confess that I
have very little sympathy with anything which
puts itself in the way. The State banks have
