1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
day, that if the truth could be ascertained, there
. are more men in the army of Jefferson Davis from
the State of Massachusetts than there are from the
State of Delaware. And sir, I will say, that at the
very commencement of these troubles, when the
southern States were inviting the cooperation of
the border States in their movement, the State of
Delaware, by aDemocratic Legislature, passed a
resolution that secession was no remedy for exist-
ing evils, and declaring that herpeo.ple would not
embark in any such work.
But, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts says
that the reason of this objection is that the Dem-
ocratic party of the State of Delaware stayed from
the polls because they knew it to be a hopeless
task; they were defeated anyhow. I am amazed
that the Senator should have acquired such abso-
lute knowledge of the state of affairs in Delaware
from one visit to the city of Wilmington and the
northern part of the State, where I believe he ad-
dressed members of his own party. I am sur-
prised that he could have acquired such general
information in so short a time. However, that
is his opinion. My opinion is exactly the con-
trary; and that, had it not been for this military
interference, no such result as was proclaimed
could possibly have taken place in the State of
Delaware.
But, Mr. President, it seems that whenever op-
position is made to any act of this Administra-
tion, or any of its subordinates, those opposing its
action are to be presumed guilty of disloyalty; and
we have arrived at this time in the history of what
was once the free Republic of the United States,
where fieedom of speech, freedom of thought,
and freedom of the press were emblazoned upon
every political banner, and where we thought we
were the freest people 011 the face of the earth,
that conformity to the views of the party in power,
ay, sir, conformity even to those of its subordi-
nates, is to be regarded as a test of devotion to
the country, and nonconformity ofopinion as the
evidence of disloyalty and want of fidelity to the
Government. Mr. President, tf such views arc
really entertained by the great mass of those who
now control the political affairs of this country,
wc are 1 ipefordespotism, constitutional liberty is
at an end, and the genius of American liberty has
taken its flight, never again to visit this country.
I will not dwell upon this question, Mr. Presi-
dent; I leave the discussion; I was dtawn into it
by the remarks of my fuend from Indiana. But
I will repeat, in conclusion, (what perhaps the
Senator from Massachusetts did not hear, be-
cause he stated that 111 his opinion no one could
refuse to take that oath unless from a want of
loyalty,) that nineteen of the leading members of
his own party, at one voting place, refused to take
it. Ninety-five took it and nineteen refused to
take it; and the provost maishul was sent for
to prevent the judges of election from adminis-
tering it, and those nineteen men voted without
taking it. What consideration governed those
gentlemen? They were apostles in the present
political Government church. They declined to
take the oath. Was it from a want of loyalty?
Not, sir, if loyalty consists in approving, heait
and soul, of every act this Administration has
done in the past, is now doing, or shall do m the
future, because I doubt not that eveiy one of
them would approve them all. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not wish to prolong the discussion.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I was pleased
to hear one utterance of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. In response to my question, he ad-
mitted that the States alone have the right to pre-
scribe the qualifications of voters. In that he was
cotrcct. It is strange tome that a Senatoi who
harps so much about loyalty, who avows that the
States alone have the right to fix the qualifications
of voters, (in which position lie is certainly cor-
rect,) should say that he approves and justifies
the Government in all that it has done. Why,
sir, docs not the Senator know that major gen-
erals in the Army of the United States, thatthos"
who bear the commissions of brigadiers and col-
onels, and even lower grades, have prescribed
qualifications of voters which were m conflict
with the qualifications prescribed in the constitu-
* tions and laws of the States?
The Senator says that he sustains the Govcrn-
; ment. 1 do not know exactly what he means
by the Government; but I suppose, arul, indeed,
) I am confident, that he means Mr. Lincoln, the
President, and those in authority. I do not re-
gard Mr. Lincoln and his Administration as the
Government of the United States. I am in favor
of the Government of the United States. I re-
gaid the Constitution and the laws, with all the
rights, privileges, and immunities which that sa-
cred instrument extends to the people, as the Gov-
ernment. The President is but the agent ap-
pointed by the people to exercise the functions
of the chief Executive, as prescribed in the Con-
stitution. Mr. Lincoln and his military officers
are no more the Government than this Senate is
the Government. We of the Senate are no more
the Government than the Supreme Court of the
United States is the Government. We are but
coordinate branches of the same Government, the
agents of the people to carry on the Government
ordained by our fathers, under the Constitution,
and to perform the vauous functions prescribed
in that instrument, and the laws made in pursu-
ance of it.
But, sir, in what an attitude does the Senator
place himself by making the admission that he
has made, that the States alone .have a right to
prescribe the qualifications of votefs! He ap-
proves of the action of the President and the mili-
tary authorities in this country in committing
plain, palpable infractions and violations of the
law, because it isafact undisputed that they have
prescribed qualifications of voters in conflict with
those prescribed by the laws of the States, and
enforced their orders by test oaths at the point of
the bayonet. When the thing is divested of verb-
iage, and all the Senatoi's talk about loyalty is
thrown out of the way, he stands here the avowed
apologist, and not only the apologist, butthe just-
ifier, the approver, the commendcrof acts, on the
part of certain officers of this Government, which
he himself admits were in violation of the Consti-
tution and laws of the country. That is the atti-
tude in which the Senator places himself. He
comes out boldly and fearlessly, and heartily ap-
proves and Sanctions plain, palpable violations of
law;and thar, too, upon oncof themost important
and delicate matters known to the republican form
of government, the rigluof suffrage. 1 was gkid
the Senator made the admission which he did
make. Admitting that, as the lawyers say, he has
put himself out of court. lie not only approves
but eulogizes the conduct of those who have vio-
lated the laws, and he stands forth the apologist
and eulogist of those who knowingly, wittingly,
and avowedly violate the Constitution and laws
of the country. That is the Senator's attitude,
and thou- is no art of the logician that can extri-
cate him from it.
But, sir, gentlemen speak of the President and
his officers of the Ai my as the Government, lam
rathei astonished at that. 1 had always thought
they woo the creatures, the agents, not the ctc-
atois. Did Mr. Lincoln make the people and
the States of the Union? No, sir; they clothed
him with the power that he has; they put the
robes of office upon him; and yctgentlemen now
call the President the Government, and the peo-
ple poor, miserable subjects. I thoughtall along,
and still think, that he is but the instrument,
but the agent, whom the people have clothed
with temporary, limited, and prescribed power,
and that the people are the masters in whom the
sovereignty resides; and until the Senatoi can
prove to me that Abraham Lincoln, President of
the United States, made the States or the people,
I cannot admit that the President is the Govern-
ment. I cannot admit it because i know the very
converse to be true.
Mr. President, in conclusion, I do hope that
some Senator who voted in the majoiity will
move to lecousider this vote, and let my bill go
to a place whoie it can have a fair chance. 1
think 1 can claim certainly that much courtesy !
from some gentleman on that side. It is known
that I have not been in the habit of asking court- ,
esy, but in this paiticular case I do ask it. j
Air. LANE, of Indiana. If the Senator from j
Kentucky will permit me, I should like to ask I
him if the President of the United Stales, under |
the Constitution, has not as much power in South j
Carolina to-day as he basin Ohio, or Indiana,or
Kentucky; and if not, why not? Has he a par- ;
tide of power m one Statu that he has not, in the j
other1 j
Mr. POWELL. I willanswertheScnator with j
gicat pleasure. The President of the United States
has not as much power to-day in South Carolina
as he has in Indiana, for the very reason that
those people are in arms against the -United States.
1 suppose the question the Senator wishes an-
swered is whether 1 think South Carolina had
a right to secede. I thought it was well known
to the Senate that I always repudiated the doc-
trine of secession, 1 suppose the object of the
gentleman's question was to know whether I be-
lieved in the right of secession. 1 state to him
that I do not and I never did believe in it.
Mr. LANE, oflndiana. The object of my ques-
tion was entirely different. I asked the Senator
from Kentucky if he believed the President had
any more power in South Carolina than he had in
Indiana to-day. His answer is, as I understand
it, that he has more power. I f he has more power,
why is it that he has it? Because there is a rebel-
lion existing in the country, and**because, under
the Constitution, it is his duty to suppress that
rebellion. The object of my question was to get
at that point. Now, his duty being to suppress
the rebellion, that being his duty under the Consti-
tution,as Commander-in-Chief,he has authority
to appoint subordinate agents in different States
to effect that object. In order tosuppress there-
bellion, for instance, in Maryland or Delaware,
he appoints a military commander; that military
commandcr, acting under his authority, issues an
order to preserve the purity of elections, and to
prevent traitors from voting. If he has that addi-
tional authority, it is under the war-making power
as Commander-in-Chief, and because the rebellion
exists. Now, suppose to-day an election were
ordered by the local authorities in the State of
South Carolina, and they should meet together to
elect traitors to the House of Representatives, or
traitors as members of this body, would he have a
right to interfere with that election, to say that
traitors should not vote to send members to either
branch of Congress? If he has that right in South
Carolina, he must surely have it in every other
State where the necessity exists, and the discre-
tion, after all, is left to the Piesident. If he believes
that for the suppression of the rebellion it isneces-
sary to establish a military department in Ken-
tucky, or Delaware, or Maryland, and to prevent
the votes of disloyal men being received, he has
no more right to the exercise of that authority
there, under the Constitution, than he would have
in a State in rebellion; but in a state of rebellion
he has full and plenary authoiity in every State
to do whatsoever is necessary to suppress that
rebellion.
This is a new state of things, not contemplated
by the framers of the Constitution, because they
nevercontemplated the dissolution of the Govern-
ment they framed, and they never provided for
the obsequies which should attend its death and
burial. 1 think it is wilhin the power of thePresi-
dent as Commander-in-Chief, under his duty to
suppiessthe rebellion,-to provide in these tainted
districts that disloyal men shall not be pcimitted
to vote. It is his duty to mectand break in pieces
the power of the lebel armies upon the field of
battle; and if theie is lesistance at home, an or-
ganized rebel resistance, even through the ballot-
box, calculated to subvert the liberties of the
people and to overthrow the Constitution of the
country, it is as much hisdutyto provide forthat
emergency as it is 10 repel an m\ading aimy. I
broadly sanction the order of General Schenck,
j| and every other military order tending to prevent
j| the reception of the votes ofdisloyal persons. The
jj test of that disloyalty is that they refuse to take
l| an oath of allegiance to their Government. Will
|j any man here say that a citizen is a proper voter
!| who will not uke an oath of allegiance to support
;j the Government which protects him, and under
which he lives? if any man takes that position,
j 1 dissent from him. 1 would preserve the purity
: of the ballot-box under all circumstances and any
| circumstances, and at ail hazards. I would use
1 bayonets to pievent the votes of disloyal persons
1 from subverting the bbeilies of the country. 1
j stand upon that now and forever, and I believe
j that order was necessary and proper.
1 The question after all is, is a disloyal man a
I good voter, is he a safe voter? How will you test
i the question of his loyalty? Wc propose to test
| it by an oath, and if he will not, in a solemn ap-
j peal to Almighty God and in the presence of his
! fellow-men, swear to support the Government, he
i should have no right to interfere in the adminis-
