THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONG-IIESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. Ill YES, WASHINGTON, D.; ,'<T
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st sutsiok.
hod passed a lull ( S. JNo. 305) for the relief of
Geotge F. N'-sbitt, m winch lie was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. I move then that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules weie suspended-, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pike
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of (he special order, being bill of the House No.
527, making; appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1865.
The fust reading of tlie bill was dispensed with.
Mr. HOLMAN. There was a point of order
resened on one clause of this bill winch I desire
to make now. It is the provision which fixes
the sahny of the Assistant Tieasurer at Phila-
delphia at $4,000. I ask for the reading1 of the
provision.
The Cleric read, as follows:
For compensation of the A^si^tant TieaMircr at Phila-
delphia, $4,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, i submit my
point of order, that in the legislative appropna-
tion bill an appropriation has been made to this
officer as AssisuntTreasurer of the United States
of $1,000, and as tieusurer of the Mint $2,000.
Mi. STEVENS. That is not a question of
ordet. When we come to that 1 shall agree that
it may be smrkon out.
Mr". HOLMAN. Very well; 1 desire first
to state my point of order. The law provides
that this officer may receive $1,000 salary as As-
sistant Tieasuter of the United States, and a
salary of #2,000 as ticasurer of the Mint at
Philadelphia; making an airsresatc salary of
$3,000 to which lie is entitled by law. 1 call the
attention of the Chair to the official recoid, which
states the salaries, as 1 suppose, correctly. My
point of ordei is iluit you cannot in an appio-
piiation bill inciease the salary beyond the limit
fixed by law.
Mr. STEVENS. This hill has been referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and it is too late now to raise a point
of oider upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the point was expressly reserved.
Mr. STEVENS. Then L will say to the gen-
t!  man from Indiana that this salary having been
piovided foi in another bill 1 shall nolask lor the
passage of this provision.
Mr." HOLMAN. The two appropriations will
make his < ntire salary $5,000.
Mr. STEVENS, when I say to the gentle-
man that 1 do not ask for the passage of tins pro-
vision I hone he will be satisfied.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; 1 will not press
my point of order now, but will reserve it until
the committee shall have reached it in the reading
of the bill.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee here infoimuliy rose; and the
Speaker having le^umed the chair, u message
was received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Piivate Secietary, noii-
{'v'li.ir the lions-; inat he had approved and signed
a bill (Li. R. No. 4G9) extending the time fur the
comoletuni « 1 the Maiquette and Ontonagon rail-
road' in the State of Michigan.
The committee resumed its session,*and pro-
ceeded agam to the consideration of the
CIVIL .U'iMlOl'UIATION BILL.
The Cletk pro-M'ded to read the bill by para-
graphs for amendment. i
The following paragraph was read by tne O.erk:
For oonnm*MOii , at two and a half pn cent., lu Mieh
suweumendon^ a* arc entitled to the «.mie malet tile pto-
195
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1864.
New Series...,-l^o. 195.
viso to act 3d March, 1851, on the amount that may be dis-
bursed by them, §10,000.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend that paragraph
in the last line by inserting after the woids " may
be" the words "may have been." The object
of the amendment is to provide for the payment
of sums which may be due from the Government
for services rendered. By the language of the
paragraph it is prospective only. There are
small amounts due for services already rendered
which I think should be properly included.
The amendment was agreed to.
IVlr. RICE, of Maine, 1 move to amend, m
line one hundred and four, after the word "doi-
lais," by inserting iC to pay for ashes purchased
by the public gaulener three years ago for the
public grounds, $125." This is a small sum
winch was expended by the public gardener. 1
am informed bv Mr. Nokes, the presentgardener,
that it is all cotrect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend by
adding at the end of line one hundred and thir-
teen as follows:
To enable the Commissioner of Public, Tiiiildhi^ to re-
consiiuet five of the old bunit out furnaces now under the
old portion of the Capitol, $.>,000.
I will merely state that unless these old fur-
naces are repaired U will be impossible to keep
the building waim.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr, STEVENS moved to amend by adding at
the end of line one hundted and nineteen as fol-
lows:
Foi lepairing, lefinins, ami furnishing the President's
MjmiiU'r t j'-uh-wi' ;it the SohheiV Home during the sickly
sea.-on, &^,000.
On agieeit'g to the amendment, 51 voted in the
affirmative and 42 m the negative; no quorum.
The CHAIRMAN called for tellers; and ap-
point d Messts. Holmak and Fenton.
The committee again divided;and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes 42.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to insert at the
same point, " For a day watchman at the Presi-
dent's House, *>720."
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 rifle to a question of order.
I submit that there is no law authorizing the of-
fice, and therefore an appropriation cannot in this
way be made to pay the salary. The number of
watchmen is fixed by law, and 1 take it for granted
the salaries of them have been providedMor.
Mr. 1MCE, of Maine. I ask the gentleman to
hear me for a moment before he insists upon his
point of order. I state to the House that there is
no day watchman at thePiesulent's House. The
curtains about the house have been cut and the
hangings and ornaments damaged to agreatdeal
more than the value of the salai y of a watchman.
Mr. HOLMAN It is one of the difficulties
,that have existed for a groat many years, and 1
think in such a time as this they^may remain still
longer. 1 must insist on my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For fad, w pait, of the Pi talent's House, .$2,100.
Mr. I3ALDW1N, ofMichigan, moved that that
appropriation be stueken out of the bill.
The motion was disagieod to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Foi iiiilitnig the Capitol and Pi cedent's Uouse, the pub-
lic <'tound- aiouaa tliem, and around lie executive ofiiee£<,
and L'eii't-) ivann a\enue, i'.iul^e and Ili^h -Heel*. in
Geoi"ea<\wi. I'oui and-n-half ^Ueet,beventh and I v\<;IJtil
slims across* the Mali, and MatvUnd avenue west, and
Sixth sueet>oiub,
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this the same ninountthat
was appropriated last year for the same purpose '
Mi. STEVENS. It is the amount rs'imated
for by the Department
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it the same amount that
was appropiiated last year ?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not recollect.
Mr. HOLMAN. My recollection is that the
sum appropriated last year was $54,;Q00. fhQ
subject of increasing the price of gas hjks beehj
yosed down by a large vote, and 1 hope that no
indirect means will be resorted to for that pur-
pose. My impression is that the amount appr&-
priated last year was less than this,but I am not
certain. I move to reduce the appropriation to
§54,000.
Mr. STEVENS. This is the amount required,
by the Department.
Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. Does this
provide for any increase in the price of gas to be -
paid by the Government?
Mr. STEVENS. It does not.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Cleik read, as follows:
For repairs of l>nn<5} Ivania avenue, and aiding in keep-
ing it clean and ireo from dust, {$6,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Everybody
knows that Pennsylvania avejnie is constantly-
full of dust; we could not have more than there is.
now, notwithstanding this appropriation, and I
move that it be stricken out.
Mr. RICE, of Maine* 1 think it must bp pa-
tent to every member of Congress and stranger
who sojourns in this city, that the dust upon Penn-
sylvania avenue is a source of great annoyance.
The oiiginal estimate was for $20,000 to keep that
avenue in repair, and wo propose to increase the
appropriation to that amount. It is the duty of
Congress, by law, to keep that avenue in repair.
Mr. WAStlBURJNE, of Illinois. Why should
not the city keep that avenue in repair?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The law provides that
Congress should keep H in repair. It is a re-
quirement upon the United States. 1 hope that
.the amendment will not.pievail. if it does not,
I shall move to inciease the appropriation to
#15,000, so that the avenue may be put in good
condition.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is any appropriation now-
made for the purpose of keeping down the dust
on Pennsylvania avenue?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. This is an annual ap-
propriation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I know that the avenue
spends a large part of its time in the air, and if
there is any way to bring it down I shall vote for
it. [Liughter.]
Mr. DAWES I would like to know whether
the gentleman is confident that $15,000 will ac-
complish the purpose?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask the Clerk to read
an extract fiomthe letterof tho Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Grounds.
«The Clerk read, as follows:
"Thatbill contiiiu«aa appropriation for repairs ofPenn-
s\ Ivama avenue §6.000. in my regular animal estimate I
a'cked for S'-lO.OllO" but by some moans an error was made
in punting the estimate and '$8,000' instead of
was in&eiled, and the Committee of Ways and Weans,
governed, I pitsunie, by the punted estimate, reported
&S,000.
Every memberofCongresswIio has pawed along 1 enn-
sUvaiua avenue for the past smc months lMUtft have ob-
served rile wretched condition of the roadway, and be-
tween the Circle ami Georgetown it is almost impassable
ioi canrages. The avenue is about tour miles* long and
one hundred and  Jjttv feet wide, arid the roadway is paved
about halt the length of it. The pavement n broken at
short intervals.and the sum of.§6,001) would luudty make
a >h \v toward mending tt; $-20,000 would «o far iii'Miil it
n-> to make it a coniloitable road to travel over. J hope tho
House will think proper to increase that appropriation."
Mr. BROOKS. I hope that the appropriation
will be retained in order that we may prevent dust
from being thrown in the eyes of the Representa-
tives of tho people, and that they may bo «blo to
see cleat ly all the matters that are here presented
for theit consideration. [Laughter.] The other
side of the House has been very liberal in voting
to tho President, in addition to his salary of
£25,000 per annum, appropriations for fuel for
keeping his house warm, for gasand forservants,
to some degree, and 1 do not see why we who be-
long to all of the States should not have a clean
nnd dustless avenue between here and George-
town. It belongs more to the Government than
to the owners of private property to keep it in or-
der. The Capitol,White House,Treasury ,War,
