108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
tration of that Government; with my action and
my vote, so help me God, he shall have no such
right, [Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, my friend from
Indiana seems to be very broad in sanctioning
these military orders. I never before heard that
Maryland was in a state of rebellion. I did not
know it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I will ask what that
has to do with the constitutional power under the
Constitution of the United States? Has there
been any change in that Constitution since the re-
bellion urokc oat? Are not all the powers of the
President, resulting from his province as Com-
mander-in-Chief, precisely what they were at the
commencement of the rebellion?
Mr. POWELL. The Senator and I differ very
widely as to what arc the legitimate powers of the
President as Commander-in-Chief of the Army.
I hold that the President, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army, can only use such materiel and men
and munitionsas Congress has granted to him to
suppress the rebellion, to fightenemies in tiie field.
He has no right to go to the loyal States and pre-
scribe the qualifications of a voter. Why, sir, the
Senator speaks of Maryland as in a state of re-
bellion.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. No, sir.
Mr. POWELL. I so understood. I really
am of opinion that when Senators come to reflect
on this matter, they will admit that many of these
military orders have been grossly in violat;on of
law, I have not criticised the course of General
Schenck, but I saw in the public journals that the
Governor of the State of Maryland, who 1 believe
on all handy is admitted to be a loyal man—I have
not the honor of a personal acquaintance with
him—took sharp issue with General Schenck in
regard to his military orders, and the matter was
refet red to the Presiuent, and the President modi-
fied them to someextent. The present Governor
of Maryland, whose Unionism I never heaul
doubted, protested against those orders of Geneial
Schenck, and they were pai ually countermanded.
1 have not those orders befoie me, 1 nevei exam-
ined them very minutely; but I believe it was eon-
ceded on all hands that he prescribed qualifica-
tions and oaths that the Governor of Maryland
said were in conflict with the laws of that State,
and the President modified them in some respects.
In that state of things, the election in Maryland
was carried, ard it was paraded as a great triumph
of the party that succeeded.
Mr. President, whenever an election cannot be
held in any place without resort to the military,
we ought to have no election at all. Let elections,
if they are held, be free. That is the only mode
in which the people can be represented, liut 1
will show to honorable Senators, before we get
through with this subject, that in some places
oaths have been prescribed to voters to make them
fiwear that they were in favor of the Piesident's
administrative policy. Yes, sir. I have such
oaths in my possession, and 1 will bring them to
the Semite before this debate is over.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I certainly did not
chaiactcrize Maryland as a State in rebellion. I
never dreamed such a thing.
Mr. POWELL. I may have, been mistaken,
but 1 thought so. I will admit I was mistaken, if
the Senator says so. I do not wish to place the
Senator in a false position.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thcqucstion is on
the motion of the Senator from Iowa to refer the
bill to the Committee on Militaiy Affairs and the
Militia. •
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNTIES TO VOLUNTEERS.
A message from the Housp of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint lesolution (No. 16)
to continue, the bounties heretofore paid; in which
it lequcsled the concurrence of the Senate.
The joint resolution was read the first time by
its title.
Mr. WILSON. J am inclined to think that it
is unnecessary to refer the resolution to the Mili-
tary Committee; but I should like to have it print-
ed, with the understanding that we shall take it
up to-morrow morning.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why not concur in it
now?
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall object to its being
considered finally to-day. I have no objection to
any intermediate action, however.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
objection can afterwaids be well taken to final
action.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will he read the second time.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask that it be read at
length.
The joint resolution received its second reading
at length, it proposes to continue from January
5 to March 1, 1864, to men enlisting in the regu-
lar or volunteer forces for three years or during
the war, the bounties heretofore paid under regu-
lations and orders from the War Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will be printed, of course.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the Senate
adjourned.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January G, I8G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask to be ex-
cused from serving on the special committee on
the bankrupt law. I find that my duties on the
committee of which I had been already a member
will engross all my time. I therefore beg the
House to excuse me.
Mr. Krlley was excused.
Subsequently, Mr. O'Neill, of Pennsylvania,
was appointed to fill the vacancy caused by the
rethement of Mr. Ivelley.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER announced the first business
in order to be the unfinished business pending at
the adjournment yesterday, which was on sec-
onding the previous question on the following
resolution offered by Mr. Bhandegee:
Revolved, That a select committee of rune members of
tin- IJmw) he appoint* (I by the t-'peakn. with uuthoutv to
examine into the evpediencj of the establishment ot anew
route for postal and othei purpo.-e- between New Yoikand
VV.^lunirron, to whom shall he leioued all pennons and
paper* on that Mibject, and who .shall have leave to leport
by bill oi otheiwi>e.
On a division of the House, no quorum voted.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. WASIIBURN E, of Illinois. 1 move that
thae be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; when the following named
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. James Allen, William J. Allen, Ames, Ash-
ley, Jaeob B. Ulan, Aminos W. Claik, Cloy. Creswell,
Henry Wintei D.ivh. liemin^. Di ire-, Dumont, Eden, Ed-
•leiton, EtdndffC, KncrlMi. Fmck, <J.m-on. Ctinnel!, (in--
wold, Hall, Benjamin G. llaiu-. H'Ttiek, lIotehki-.fi, A>a-
hel W. lliibbaid, Ihilhtmi, Ilntclim-, Jenoke.>, Philip
John-ou, Will,am John-un. Julian, Kalbilei-eh, Oiiando
Keli.Le Blond, Lirtlejohn. Lorn:, Lovejoy, Malloiy,
Mamn, MeAllMcr. i\Iei)owell, jMefiuioc. iMeKinne),
Samuel I'\ iUilIei Moorhead, Jam1"* R. Mwin.>. Nel-on,
Noble,John OWedl, P.ittci'-on, Pendleton, Peny, R.uitotd.
Alexander II. Rice. IJohm-on, Ldw.nd H. Rollins, James
S. Rollins, Schenck, Scott, Stair, Stile-, Sinait, W.uN-
woith, Waul, Web>fei, \Vhale\Wheeler, Ctuilon A.
While, Jo-eph XV. White, Williams, Wildei, and Ben-
jamin Wood.
One hundred and ten members answered to
their names.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
all further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK—AGAIN.
The question recuired on the previous question
o)i Air. Buaxdkgeic's resolution, on which the
Speaker ordeicd tellers, and appointed Messrs.
Brandegee and Thomas.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 51, noes 42.
So the pievious question was seconded.
The main question was order.-d to be put.
Mr. BRANDEGEE called for the yeus and
nays on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, i rise to a question of order. 1
a-jk v.helhu, undet the 'lod lule of the House, a
motion to refer the resolution to a standing com-
mittee of the House will not take precedence.
TheSPEAKER. Itw.ll not, the previous ques-
tion having been sustained to refer it to a select
committee. If the previous question had not
been sustained, the motion to refer to a standing
committee would have taken precedence.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 66, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anoona, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Daily, Augustus C. Baldwin, JohuD. Baldwin, Bax-
tei, Beaniiui, Blame, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, James
S. Brown. Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coffioth, Cole, Thomas
T. Davis,' Dawes, Di\on, Dofmelly, Eliot, Fambworth,.
Ponton, Fiank, Garfield, Gooeh, Gruinell, Derrick. Higby,
Hooper, John II.Hubbaid, Kasson, FiancisW. Kellogg,
Loan, Longyear, McBride, MeClunj, Mojiill, Daniel Mor-
ijs, Oith, P<*iham, Pike, Pometoy, Price, Wilimm H. Ran-
dall, John 11. Itice, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scolicld, Shan-
non, Sloan, Spauidinjr, Stebbms, Stevens, Up-on, Van
Vdlkenbingh, Voorhees, Ehhu B Wa-hburnc, William B.
Washburn, Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and Yeaman
—6G.
]\ AYS—Messrs William J. Allen, JacobB. Blair, Bliss,
Brook*, Broomall, William G. Biown, Chanter, Cox, Cra-
vens Dawson, Dennu-on, Eden, Hale, Maiding. Hamilton,
Chailes M. Han is, fJolman, Kellev, Kernan,Kmc,Knapp,
Law. Lazear, Middleton, William II. Miller, Moriison,
Amos Myeis, Leonaid Mveis, Nelson, Odell, Chailes
O'Neill, Piuvn, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers,
Smitbers, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Strouse,
Thaver, Thomas, Tracy, Webster, WinfioM, and Fer-
nando Wood—4o.
So the resolution was adopted.
Dunns: the roll-call,
Mr, ARNOLD stated that his colleague, Mr.
Lovejoy, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
Mr. ANCONA made a like statement in refer-
ence to his colleague, Mr. Johnson, of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. CHANLER made a like statement in ref-
erence to his colleague, Mr. Benjamin Wood.
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SMALL-POX IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Before the regular busi-
ness is proceeded with, I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution which is in the nature
of a privileged question, inasmuch as it affects the
safety of every member of this House.
The icsokmon was read, as follows:
Resolved, Th.it the Committee for the Distiiet of Colum-
bia be, and the> aie hereby, m.-trnaed to call the attention
or the mnti'eipal oi othei anthonties to the exigence and
pievalenee ot the small-pox within the District, and to m<re
upon them the nece—lty ot the immediate es-tabl^hment o(
suitable bo-pitai?, the enfoiceirient of i-tiingent and neces-
saiv sanitary regulations the adoption of some general and,
if iWes.-aiv, eompiiNoty ostein ol vaccination, and Mich
Othei meamiet- ujs t-h<dl tend to pievent the furtlui spread,
within the Distnct, of this tmible fceourgc of mankind.
M r. COX. 1 would not object to the resolution,
but I ihtnk it will be entirely ineffectual. This
Congress ought to do something in the matter it-
self, for the municipality will do nothing.
Mr, BRANDEGEE. I suggest to my friend
from Ohio that this lesolution merely instructs
the committee to make inquiries into the matter.
Mr. COX. I ha\e no objection to there being
inquiries made. It would be a great disaster if
members of Congicss should be taken off.
Tbeie being no objection, the resolution was
introduced and adopted.
ELECTION OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports.
Mi. DAWES. For reference or for adoption ?
The SPEAKER. They are either for reference
or for adoption.
Mr. DA W ES, from the Committee of Elections,
repoi ted back House bill No. 9, to fix the time for
holding elections for Representatives m Congress,
and to enable sold ters m the service of the United
States to vote for such officers; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted to the same com-
mittee.
SITTINGS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of Elections be
authorized to hold its sessions during the sessions
of the House.
There being no objection, it was ordered accord-
ingly.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of Ways and
