1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21*331
taxation by States nf the capital *toek of It.inks organized
umler this act the panic as the pioperiy of other moneyed
corporationslor State or municipal purposes; but no State
shall impose any tax upon Mich .^-.oci.itions, or then cap-
ital, ciieulation, dividends, or business, at a lusher rate of
taxation than shall l>c imposed bvsuch State upon the same
amount of niom-yi'd capital m the hand& of individual citi-
zens ot such State.
That was the original proposition as reported
in the House of Representatives; and the House
put in this proviso:
Provided, That no State tax "hall be imposed on any
pan of the capital stock of such association invested 111 the
bonds of the United States deposited as security for its cir-
culation.
Leaving out what might be a very small part of
it; and that, as I have been told since, was put
in under a misapprehension and not with any idea
that it had the effect it has been found to have, or
it would not have passed that House. It is well
known that a very large majority of the House
of Representatives have been from the beginning
in favor of the proposition which was adopted bv
the Committee of Ways and Means and reported
by the Representative of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, who supported it in a speech
and has been from the beginning its friend, and
who is known to be eminent in matters of cur-
rency. lie is the gentleman who reported this
bill and sustained it and carried it through and
urged it from the beginning with untiring zeal;
and is he therefore to be likened to John "Hook?
He reported the provision which 1 have read anil
supported it in a speech which lias been punted
and given to the public.
We are, then,in very tolerable company. We
are in company with the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives and with
a very laige majority of the House of Represent-
atives, who from the beginning have sustained
this principle. I may say, moreover, that I have
in my committee-room a letter that was addressed
to me as chairman of the Committee on Finance
recently, since this discussion commenced, by the
honorable Secretary of the Treasury, in which he
does not pretend to put this question on the ground
of currency,as argued by the honorable Senator,
in any shape, but simply puts it on the mere
question that is involved in the last provision of
the Senator's amendment; and that is that the
money being appropriated to national uses, and
appropriated by law, and pledged to the public
creditors, would have an effect to raise and
strengthen the public credit. That is the argu-
ment, and the only argument, I may be permitted
to say, which I have heard from the honorable
Secretary of the Treasury on the subject from
the beginning. He has presented it merely as a
question of money, what should be the amount
of the tax, which is not very large at the best.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there any objection to hav-
ing that letter read ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly not, if I can
find it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think itan excellent letter,
and I should hire to have the Senator read it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has the Senator seen it?
Mr. SUMNER. I have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can have it
read if he desires. That is the only ground on
which it is phveed in the letter. J have no time
now to look it up. If the Senator has it he can
have it read.
With rrfcrenccto the particular provision hcie
which the Committee on Finance have recom-
mended and to which the Senator has objected,
all of it down as far as the proviso, and 'in fact
including the proviso, was drawn by the Comp-
troller of iheCurrency himself,and handed to the
committee as what lie preferred; and the only
diift rence between the two is that the Comptroller
of the Cuirency made the stock of these institu-
tions liable to Stale taxation and not to county and
municipal taxation. He recognized and adopted
the principle which is now denounced as " beef,"
with all the " State rights" in it, drewit with his
own hands, cave it to the committee, and that
provision thus given recognized the right of the
States to tax for State purposes; and the altera-
tion that the committee made in it was to add
county and municipal taxation, just increasing
the taxation. Now it seems to me that there is
"beef" in the Treasury. It seems to me that
when we, the twenty-eight, are denounced fur our
want of patriotism, forourwantof sense, we hove
vet y excellent company in (h«* Committee of Way 3
and Means ol the oilier House, and a very large
number of that body, as I have said, and also a
iccognition of the same thing in the Department
itself.
I have said all I proposed to say in reference
to that particular point. The Committee on Fi-
nance was of opinion that the good of the bill it-
self, the good of these institutions, their establish-
ment and strength in the country, would be ad-
vanced by not undertaking to say that the property
of private citizens of the States invested in them
should be free from State taxation; that such an
exemption would create a feeling of dissatisfaction
i and anger with regard to it that might in the end
' be fatal to the institutions themselves. I can say
to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts that
a letter from a gentleman, whom, if I should
name to him, he would say was beyond all ques-
tion to be relied upon, was written to me three or
four days ago, opposing the amendment of the
Committee on Financc; but I received a letter from
him yesterday morning, in which he said that he
had been about, and the opinion was so universal
among business men and bankers that without
the provision these banks would be utterly odious,
and could not be sustained, that he was willing
to acknowledge his mistake; that the opinion was
universal among bankers and business men in
Boston that the whole thing would be odious, and
he felt bound to write rue that he had changed
his opinion. He said, moreover, that it wus the
belief of many of the best men that our stock
which we put into market fiee from State taxes
was of less value and would he in a very short
tune, on account of that very exemption, for the
reason that it created such prejudice against it
in the minds of the people that it would be bet-
ter without that exemption, and that some men
were selling out and investing m other stocks for
that very reason.
And yet in the face of that, those of us, friends
of the measure, who propose to vote for the meas-
ure, who doubt the expediency of affixing so
odious a feature to these banks, are taunted with
the cry of " beef," and likened to men who have
neither patriotism nor conscience. Sir, I think
we are hardly dealt with by the honoiable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts in the attempt to place us
in such apredicament before thecountry. There
ik no personality in it, because it comprehends the
body, thai is to say, a large majority of the body,
more than two to one of those who voted.
Before sitting down I wish to allude to another
thing The honorable Senator from Michigan
has complimented the Committee on Finance by
saying that he had a very considerable respect for
them in some particulars, but none at all for their
practical sense. Sir, I am not here to sustain if.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don. Not practical sense, but practical business
knowledge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Practical business knowl-
edge. I think there is not very great difference
in the two cases between the suppositions. Prac-
tical business knowledge and practical sense are
almost convertible terms. The compliment is a
sort of left-handed one, and was intended to be so.
I would refer him to the practical gentlemen in the
other House. He would hardly set himself up
for practical business knowledge above the author
of this bill, as a banker oranything else; and yet
he is complimented in the same way. He would
hardly put himselfabove the Committee of Ways
and Means who reported it with the same provis-
ion. While 1 admit with all humility the great
inferiority of all the members of the Committee
on Finance in "practical business knowledge" to
the honorable Senator from Michigan,and also to
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts whom
he has complimented so highly, J must claim that
we are in excellent company. We have the sup-
port of a great many practical business men m
the other House of Congress who seem to think
as we do on the subject and who act upon their
opinion; and I must say that I hope we are doing
the best we can and endeavoring to approach the
high standard of the honorable; Senator from Mich-
igan and the honorable Senator from Massachu- ;
setts in practical business knowledge, and they j
should at least give us credit for good intentions, j
and not afflict us with the cry of 44 beef;" but j
while we aie denied on the one hand any practical !
srnse by the one Senator, we aie denied on the \
other any decent.intentions. Itis a hard place to
put men in. -
One thing more, sir, and I have done. The
larger part of the remarks addressed by the hon-
orable Senator from.Massachusetts to the Seriate
has been on the subject of the currency; that it
is necessary to have good currency. Sir, the
friends of this bill are trying to bring thatabopt;
but I may ask him what the question of-State
taxation or of United States taxation, or the dif-
ference between the two, has to do with the ques-
tion of currcncy. The bills when out wilt circu-
late. The tax proposed by theamendment which
the Senator presents to place upon these institu-
tions is much larger probably m the whole thari
would be placed by the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Finance and which nas been
acted on. One would think thatit was the amount
of the taxation which would affect the institution
and not the point from which it comes. One
would think it is the burden they have to bear,
and not who lays the burden, that affects the ques-
tion. The bills of the institutions, if well founded,
will circulate. If the system is a good one, the
object of having a good currency will be advanced.
That question is not at all affected by the ques-
tion of who shall lay the burden, from whatquar-
ter it shall come, upon the institutions themselves,
provided, as I said before, they are not attempted
to be taxed out of existence, and that is provided
against. .
As for the suggestion that this proposition comes
from the advocates of State institutions, 1 need
only say that the same burden is provided by this
bill upon both, and that upon these national insti-
tutions cannot be made greater by any State legis-
lation than that on the State banks themselves,
and it is so specially provided. There is no con-
nection between the two questions. All that the
honorable Senator has said about the question of
currency and the necessity of havinga sound cur-
rency, 1 might agree with; but I deny that it has
the slightest connection in the.world with the
question now before the Senate on this amend-
ment; and that is whether or not the Government
shall allow the States to tax the private property
of their own citizens when invested in these insti-
tutions in the ordinary form.
One other thing I had •almost forgotten. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts has said
that while we were doing everything to sustain
General Grant in the field we were carping and
quibbling at the demands made upon us to sus-
tain the Secretary of the Treasury. Sir, that is
rather an unkind remark, allow me to say, with
regard to myself especially, for I have been in a
position where I have sustained the Secretary of
the Treasury from the beginning, and where in
many cases I am perfectly willing to admit that
owing to his position as the head of the finances
I have sacrificed my own judgment to his, because
I believed it was important to sustain his policy
and his views. I do not say 1 have made these
sacrifices m anything very material, but in mat-
ters of detail. But, sir, if the day has come, if the
time has arrived when a member of the Senate
must he called upon to surrender his views of right
and his judgment of high expediency to an officer
of the Government who fills an office in the Cab-
inet, and to say that he has no mind, no thought,
no views except such as are dictated to him from
the head of a Department, it is time this form of
Government should be broken up. No man has
more respect or more personal regard for the Sec-
retary of the Treasury than 1 have, and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts knows that full well. { do
not know that there is any man who sustains bet-
ter and kinder personal relations with him; but, sir,
I should lose Ins lespect and his regard—such is my
opinion of his manliness and character—whenever
he believed that I was ready to sacrifice my judg-
ment in a matter of high import, and my sense of
duty as a public man, to his wishes; and I should
lose mine for him, and consider him my enemy,
when he dared to demand such a thing of me; the
idea is that of a slave and not of a fiee man and a
Senator of the United Stales, who must stand here
on his own responsibility on these high questions
and act as he believes to be right, without refer-
ence to the wishes of those in power, especially
m matters of legislation winch are to affect- the
country perhaps for all future time. Sir, I do not
belong to that class of men. If any Senator does,
let him hug himself upon his proud position.
