no
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
sort, than to hurry measures to immediate action
without a proper comprehension of their provis-
ions.
The gentleman from Illinois cannot doubt the
•patriotism, I think, of gentlemen upon this side
of the liouse. We were in session but ten or
eleven days prior*to the holidays, and we voted
over two million dollars every day that were not
even in the estimates of the Depai tments, and in
so voting we voted blindly. I was so much em-
barrassed by the remarks of two gentlemen on the
other side of the House—one from Illinois, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Lovejoy,] and Lhe other
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]—who said
they would take all the responsibility of legisla-
tion, that when a bill came in from the Senate an-
nulling the whole bounty system, and in my eyes
leading to immediate repudiation, I failed to rise
and call the attention of the Iiouse to it, because I
was apprehensive that some imputation would be
cast upon me and upon this side of the House.
And yet not forty-eight hours had elapsed—the
very moment the bill had reached the Secretary
of the Treasury or the Secretary of War, the
Administration of the Government, alarmed by
the hasty action of this House, demanded an imme-
diate repeal, through the President of the United
States,in the message which he has submitted here,
of that act of the Senate which was approved by
the House without debate or discussion.
I call the attention of the House to this fact,
and I say that this is not the proper mode of legis-
lation. Upon this gteat subject of bounties and
conscription, upon the mode and manner of rais-
ing soldiers for the Army of the United States,
there should be free, full, and ample discussion;
and all these efforts to crowd bills through the
House without any discussion whatever, upon
hasty reports from committees, and upon a single
reading at the Clerk's desk, will lead to repeal
upon repeal and confusion upon confusion. Itis
impossible, in the necessarily tumultuous man-
ner in which proceedings aie conducted in this
House, to understand resolutions and bills unless
they are properly and amply discussed. I beg
the gentleman from Illinois, therefore, to throw
opr.), at least for to-day, this whole subject for
inquiry and investigation. Give us light. Let
ui be instructed. Do not look upon us upon this
side of the House with this eye of suspicion, for
we have demonstrated our patuotism to you. I
repeat, in only ten days of our session we have
voted $20,000,000 for bounties and $700,000 for
the State of Missouri—all deficiencies, and none
of which aie m the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury submitted here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH., I must insist that the
gentleman is not asking his question. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope it will not be sustained.
Mr. COX. Is it in order now to re-move to re-
fer this joint involution to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, pending
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX. I give notice that I shall make that
motion, if the previous question be not sustained.
The question was put upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; and there were—
ay<M 55, noes 22; no quorum voting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Farns-
woiitu and Garfield were appointed.
Tlie House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 27.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; being
upon ordering the joint resolution to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. SWEAT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affumative—yeas 112, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Alien, Alloy. Allison, An-
cona, Anderson, Arnold, Uaily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John
L>. Baldwin, Baxter, Beauian, Blot tic, Jacob 15. Blair, Bli?s,
IJjow, Bputweil, Brandcgce, Brooks, Broomall, Jatnc-, S.
Brown, William G. Brown, Chanler, Freeman C'iaike,
Cobb, Cofiroth, Cole, Cox, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Doming, Denmson, Dixon, Donnelly,
tioklry, Kden, Edgeiton, Eliot, Femon, Frank, Gooch,
Giidcr, Halo, IJatrmgtnn, Charles M. Han is, Floiuck,
Jhgny, ilolnmn, Ilooppr, John II. Hubbard. Julian, Kas~
•*nn. Francis YY. Kellogti, Kornan, Kmc, Knapp,
L,i\v. ha/c.ir, Longyear, IWarey, Mamn, MclJndo, j\Ic-
Cliirg. AIiddk'ton, William 11. :YJi!i<'i,Monill,Darnel ISIoi-
ris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Nor-
ton, Odell, Chafles O'Neill, Oith, PerhairnPike, Pomeroy,
Price, Piuyn, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
John II. Rice, Robinson, Rogers*, James S. Rollins, Ross,
Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Sinitheis, Spalding, Stebbins,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Strouse,
Sweat. Thayer, Thomas,Tiacy, Up^on.Van Valkenburgh,
Elilia 'B. Washlmrne, William B. Washburn, Webster,
Wilson, Windom, Winfield, Woodbiidge, and Yeaman
—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Garfield and Grinnell—2.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to change the time
from the 1st day of March to the 5th of February.
The SPEAKER. Amendments are not in or-
der after the third reading of a joint resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 rose immediately after the
result of the vote was announced.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is not
exhausted till the joint resolution is read a third
time, and after that time amendments are not in
order.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time. I do this be-
cause I believe it would be more satisfactory to
the House to shorten the time, and because I be-
lieve the bill will be thereby rendered more effi-
cient. If we offer bounties at all, they ought to
be offered to induce speedy enlistments. I move
the previous question on the motion to leconsider,
and call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill,
and Harris, of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tollers reported—
ayes 46, noes 52.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. Has it been ruled that no
amendment is in order?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
my colleague [Mr. Farnswortii] be allowed to
strike out the last clause of the bill—that it is to
take effect from and after its passage. That clause
is entirely unnecessary.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to that.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under Us operation
tho joint resolution was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The call of committees "for reports was con-
tinued and completed.
CALL OF STATES.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the call of States for resolutions, un-
der winch bills for reference might be introduced.
RELEASE FROM ATTACHMENT.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to release cei tain prop-
erty from attachment, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
PREVENTING COLLISIONS.
Mr. ELIOT also introduced a bill fixing cer-
tain rules and regulations for preventing collisions
on the water; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PUNISHMENT OP TREASON.
Mr. ELIOT also introduced a bill repealing part
of the joint resolution explanatory of the act to
suppress insurrection, to punish treason and re-
bellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes, approved July 17,
1862; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
HALL FOR STATUARY.
Mr. MORRILL introduced the following reso-
lution, and moved the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Building'? be
requested to examine ami leport as to the expediency ol
setting apait the old hail of the House of Representative? as
a hall tor statuary; and also as to the cost or' a new floor-
ing and luonze lulling on each side of the passage-way
through the hall, preparafoiy to the reception of such woiks
of art.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was agreed to.
NINE MONTHS' VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE offered the followingres-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaiis be in-
structed to inquire into the. expediency of including in the
draft now ordered by the Piesident of the United States
those who volunteeicd into the nine months' service, and
report by bill or otherwise.
BUILDING OF STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. SWEAT submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to report a bill authorizing the President to ap-
point a scientific boaid, whose duty it shall be forthwith to
make athoiough examination into tho theoiy adopted by
the Government m the construction of the steam vessels
built under the direction ot the Secretary of the Navy, and
toiepoittUc piactical woiking theieof; also, whethei or
not the engines now used m vessels in our naval service
differ from those used in the steam marines of Europe and
m the meichant vessels of this country, and in what said
difference consists; and whether or not. as now constituted
and applied, they are in accordance with well-known sci-
entific laws pertaining to them, oi in clear and open de-
fiance thereof; and whether the recognized law of the
•'expansive power of steam" has been applied in such a
manner as to obtain the highest possible late of speed and
economy of fuel; and whether the adoption of engines con-
structed ia aceoulaucc with this law, gcneially approved
in Europe and this country, will not greatly economize the
force of steam and insure much greater speed than has yet
been attained in our steam ve>sel-<; and whose duty it
shall be to report geireially such impiovcments in the con-
struction of vessels for our naval service as they may deem
that the liiteiests of the countiy demand; and that they
have power to order a vessel, built on tho plans now adopt
ed by the Navy Depattment, to be tun over mea;uied dis-
tances, undei the contiol of the inquiring buieau, with a
view to ascertain the speed and power which may be de-
veloped b> the use of the plans now adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman fiom Maine
will so amend the resolution that the committee
shall be directed to inquire into the expediency of
doing what is proposed, I will not object.
Mr. SWEAT. That is the point 1 want to
meet.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order even
if the call for the pievious question be withdrawn,
for the resolution, if it gives rise to debate, must,
under the rules, go over.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman adopt
my amendment?
Mr. SWEAT. I do not propose to debate the
resolution, but simply to answer the suggestion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 1 will only
say a few words.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman accept
my suggestion? If he does not I will move that
the resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. SWEAT. I ask to say a word.
Objection was made.
Mr. SWEAT. If the object of the resolution
were understood, there would be no objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
cannot discuss the resolution except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SWEAT. I cannot accept the suggestion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. SWEAT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sweat and
Stevens were appointed.
Mr. SWEAT. For the purpose of having this
subject before the House in some way—I consider
it important—I will accept the suggestion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. 1 hope that he
will withdraw the motion to lay upon the table.
I withdraw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table.
The resolution was adopted.
PENSION BUREAU.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, submitted the following
resolution, which was lead, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be di-
rected to inquire what legislation is necessary, if any, more
perfectly to organize the Pension Bureau and to facilitate
the tsansaction of its business; and to report by bill or other-
wlhc.
