^108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
the Hoase on the disagreeing votes of the two
(hereon, and have appointed Mr. Mor-
rill, Mr, Ten Etck, and Mr, Richardson the
committee of conference on their part.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. -COBB, from the Committee r n Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truiy enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 247)
granting lands to the State of Wisconsin to build
a military i^d to Lake Superior; when the
Speaker signed the same.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee resumed its session.
The Clerk read as follows:
For repairs of the basement of the President's House,
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend that
clause by striking out "three" and inserting
"five." The Committee on Public Buldingsand
Grounds visited the President's-House and ex-
amined thoroughly the condition of the basement,
and after that examination, and obtaining esti-
mates from a gentleman competent to make them,
came to the conclusion that it would cost $5,000
to put that basement in a proper state of iepair.
1 hope that sum will be appropriated.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by insert- j
irig, after line one hundred and fifty-eight, " for
painting (lie iron railing around the Capitol
grounds, §1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Cioik read the following:
For cleaninj? and painting the crypt and passages under
the rotunda, $*.2,000.
Mr. PRICE. I more to strikeoutthatclause.
I think we can get along without painting tins
crypt and these passages for the present—cer-
tainly until this war is closed—and therefore I
am opposed to this appropriation.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
To pay expense incurred by the Commissioner of Pub-
lic itmldings in enlargmg bench in Supieme Couit loom, i
$'1,214. F 5 j
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking out !
that clause. I am at a loss to know why it
should cost $1,200 to enlarge a bench upon winch
some gentlemen are to seat themselves. There
was a bench there before, and this appropriation
is not for constructing a new bench but for en-
larging an old one. Where I come from we do
iioi understand that kind of economy.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. This is to
prepare a bench for a distinguished judge from
the K^ntlemun's own State to sit upon.
Mi". PRICE. 1 venture to any 1 ie will dispense
with tins appropriation, and if he will not I will
pay for the bench myself.
Mr. STEVENS. Pine hoards are very high
now—lemarkably high, if that judge would
bring along his own bench we could get along
very well without this appropriation; but as we
have to make it for him, we need this money.
The amendment was notagieed to.
Alt'. PRUYN. I offer Lho following amend-
ment;
For .Uti-!arion> ami improvement* in the Senate Cham-
bet and Hail of House of lvepre«.entatives7 \n impiove the
lishluig and venuiatui^ thereof, the sum ol , to be ex-
pend. x\ ntidei Uh'joint direction of the Committees of the
two lloti.M s on Public iiuildiug ami Grounds.
I .-ditill propose to fill the blank with §50,000 if
no other sum be named.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I shall have
to raise a point of order on that amendment. It
is ^independent legislation on an appropriation
The Chair overrules the
I should
The CHAIRMAN.
point of older.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.
like to know upon what grounds.
Mr. GANNON. On public grounds.
The CHAIRMAN. There is authority for
the uppropi latum.
Mr. AiORRILL. I suggest to the gentleman
fi. oi A\ w Yoik that there ks a joint committee
now ii> vestjji  t ing this subject, and perhaps it
would bo better to wait until that committee re-
ports.
Mr, PRUYN. Does that committee propose
to report this session?
Mr. MOPvRILL. They are now engaged in
the investigation, and have power to leport at
this or the nextsessmn. i do not think they will
be able to report at this session, because it is a
very large subject.
Mr. PRUYN. One chief object I had in view
in offeiing this amendment v/as to call the auc-
tion of the members of the House in this way to
the condition of thece two Halls. I believe it is*
universally admitted by every person here that
a very great mistake was made, when this exten-
sion was planted on this beautiful hill, that the
external light and the air of heaven were shut
out entirely from these two rooms; and the sooner
we commence an improvement, which it is ad-
mitted by all ought to be made,'the better it will
be. What that improvement ought to be we
cannot tell until the matter has been thoroughly
investigated by architects, but I wish the House
now to say that something ought to be done. I
hope that by some vote on this occasion they
will indicate their opinion that it is an improve-
ment which'ought to be made. I am not tena-
cious aboutany particular way. 1 left my amend-
ment. in blank, saying that 1 should propose to
insert $50,000 if no other amount should be
named, not that I am informed that thatsum is ne-
cessary or sufficient, but if expended judiciously
it will be at least a wise and judicious expendi-
ture. 1 should, therefore, like to have a \ ote upon
thivS amendment.
Mr. MORRILJL. 1 believe it is almost univer-
sally conceded that the ventilation of tins Hall is
defective; but to make an appiopnation now,
without knowing at all what v/e aie going to do,
whether to remove the Hall or to make such
improvements as will remedy the defect of lack
of ventilation, 1 think would be unwise. 1 hope
the gentleman hom New York will be content to
wait until the committee shall have thoroughly
investigated the subject, as they aie cnileav oung
to do, and can icpoi t.
Mr. Pruyn's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I desire to off el-
an am-« ndment to come in at the end of page 3.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have passed
that point m the bill, and it is not in order to go
hack unless by unanimous consent.
Air. STEVENS. 1 object to going back.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. The amend-
ment can be inuoduced in the miscellaneous ap-
propuations, but it would be more appropiiate at
the end of page ,'j. it would have been introduced
at that stage of the bill but for the fact that a
document in relation to it from the Light-House
Coaid was in the possession of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and I could not procurc it
at that time. I hope the objection will be with-
drawn.
Mr. STEVENS. T do not withdraw the ob-
jection now. I want to get through this bill.
When we have passed through the bill I will
not object to the gentleman's offering his amend-
ment.
I now offer the following amendment to come
in on page 8, after line one bundled and sixty-
five:
For balance due the djau^ht-anau foi his seivics in
charge and eontinuaiion ot Pie veil':* ot' maps oideied by
resolution ot the 4th May, ltl-43, for pa11 of the fi>eal year
ending June xl,.V2u '36.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
icserve a point of order until 1 heat some "state-
ment m iegaiu to that amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. This work was done ac-
cording to law; but there was no appropt iation
made to pay for it. That is the whole case.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. 1 offer the following as
an additional paragraph;
For renuiri to the budge across thn. Potomac river at
Little Fulif .>>U0. to he expended under the direction of the
Commhsionerot Public Buildings, who i^heiehy chaiged
with the cure ut'said budge.
This is for the Chain bridge, and I will send up
to be read by the Clerk a communication from
the oincer in charge of it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
WAbXHN-firoN*, D. C., June 10, l?6i.
Pir : The brulsreni.ro-.'In- Poswiac, neai the Lrtlf Fall j,
(-oiiietii))e-> ea!|( J ;iie Cham i>.u w i- ni'i!i ui'dei an
appiopnation made bj Congic-s On a plan unm^nd by
me, and was m pan constructed undet i:>y •siipeinuen deuce.
It was finished about *even yuat j ago, and does, imi app'-ar
lo have received any attention nncc then. Its importance,
especially at this time, Is such that T respectfully befr leave
to MiugeM' and recommend thnf you • honid apph to <' >n -
gress tor an appiops lauon of .$590 to meet the e* p"iw of
sciewinii it up to its onguud level, and lur other uecL^aij'
rcptirs of jioorina. &c.
Very respectfully, you,- obedient servant,
' GKORGE TIIOM,
Colonel v? B. C.t and Major of Engineers.
B. B. French, E-q., Comi/ii^sioner of Public Buildings.
M". RICE, of Maine. This bridge is ot great
military importance. It was originally built by
the Government, and now it is asked that it be
placed in charge of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings.
Mi. SCEIENCK. I move to amend the amend-
<*mmt by striking out the words "Commissioner
of Public Building" and inserting the words
" the Secretary of War." Judging from the way
in which this building is taken care of I think
that that official has just as much on hand as he
can attend to, without trying to extend his su-
pervision to outside matters.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. All the other public
buildings here are under the chaige of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, and there is no
complaint that they are not propeily taken care
of. I trust.the amendment to the amendment
will not prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Scixehck's
amendment to the amendment; and it was re-
jected.
The cjue^ion recurred on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Rice, ofMame;and it was agreed to.
Mr. IliCE, of Maine. I move the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the last par-
agraph :
To enable the Secietary of the Treasury to provide tem-
poiaiv accommodations lor the State Depaitment, and for
iuch (<t the clerks of the Second Auditoi of the Tit a-iuy
as cannot be accommodated at Wtndeihinldintr, "jlO.OOO.
I ask to have a letter read from the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, May. 9, lbn4.
Sir • I transmit herewith copic?of two communications
from the Mipervi-mg aiclutect of the Treasury, under
dates of the 3d and 5th octant, lelative to the immediate
net C--UV of providing accommodations foi the State De-
partment, in oid< i that;he work upon the noith front ol tiie
Tiea>my extension may be pioceeded with.
You will perceive fiom the correspondence that apphen-
tion h;i< b(;en made lor looms, in the Patent Olfiee buiii'nsg,
ami aho the Capitol, without success ; and that the Slate
Department will icquiie ail amount oi loom nearly equ d
to that coijfamed m thieebtoues ui'the ^outh winyot tiie
Tiea<my oxrenMon.
'J'he ai ehi tect calls atteeuon to the fa e-pi oof build mix on
tiie northeast corner ol Pcun ) Ivama avenue and seven-
teenth street unwell ad.ipted to the reqnncments of the
Slate Department. It is now occupied by tiie quartermas-
ters depaitment. If tins building could be obtained it
would not he necebsaiy for .my of the occupants of the
south wnig of the Trea-mty to temove and seek accommo-
dations elsewhere in oider topiovide loom for the State
Depailment, as has been proposed.
1 uaiiMint ai^o a coninmaication 1'ioai the Second Aud-
itoi, mgently iepieventing the neces-uy foi inore loom
for tiie piojier tian^action of the bu-mc^s ot hi - office,
winch i^conunually lulling behind foi want ot a siiOlcieat
clerical force ; and though additional clei k- have been uu-
thoiized by Congress theie is no accommodation to, thetn;
uliJe of tho>e at present employed aconsideiabie |K>icent-
a<.'.' are con-ianrly on the sick list, owins to the crowded
condition the room* where they ;ne located. r o<l tfr-
want of meaiH lot propei huht and ventihUiOn ; and on ac-
count oi these disadvantaged the business of the office id
stiM furthei ictaided.
Under the e circumstances t lc-peefftiliy requesf rl> u tu
inqunv be made by Uonsress as lo the extentand ui^rnbu-
tion oi accommodation tor the clerical foice ot the M-veral
Depaiunents, and that tueh new mrangement as mav he
found needful and adequate be made under its dnecuon,
or that authority be sjiven to the Secietary of the Tieasury
to hire such additional rooms as may be required lor the
business of this Depaitment, and to make such auamje-
ments a* majr be neci^aty for the accommodation of tiie
Shite Depaitment during the building of the noith front of
the Tiea-uty exten-ion. Should the lauer alternative be
pietened, an appiopiiation of ,x25.(t<)0 will be required
As the neces-iiy tor piom[)t action is urgent, I tm-t the
mallei may be presented loi the eaily consideration ot'Con-
ij't!--?.
I am, vciy lc&pcctfuliy, S. P. CIIASTJ,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. J. II.Hick, Char, man Committee on Public Buildings,
House of Kcjiraentatiies,
The question was taken; and the amendment
was ygieed to.
The paragraph in reference to the Potomac
watcr-woikf? having been i*ead,
Mr. MitOOKS sa:d: Mr. Chairman, I find that
ihf cc are si.'H.OCO of anpropi iations for the Wash-
ington aqueduct in two different forms, and I
avail myself oi this opportunity to say that i
hope the uuihoiitiea will give to this city purer
