1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. ' If the Senator
•will look to the second section he will see that it
is limited to these cases;
That whenever a complaint shall be made against any
master, officer, or mariner of any ship or vessel, belonging
ill whole or in part to any citizen or citizens of the Un ited
States, of the commission of any offense, not capital or other-
wise infamous, against any law of the United Slates made
for the protection of persons or propeity engaged in com-
merce or navigation, it shall be the duty of the district at-
torney to investigate the same;
and so on. It is confined to those cases.
Mr. HENDRICKS, "With that explanation
certainly 1 do not want to delay the measure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee as a substitute for the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I suggest an amendment
to the last section of the bill, in the line before the
last, by inserting after the. word " cause" the
words " in such cases," so as to read "challenges
for cause in such cases shall be tried by the court
without the aid of triers."
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be ftjad. a third time; and the bill
was read the third time, and passed.
BILL BECOME A LAW. .
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on the
16th instant an act (S. No. 158) in addition to an
act to-amend the laws relating to the Post Office
Department, approved March 3, 18G3.
STREET ItAlLKOAD IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Commute oftlie Whole, lesumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 54) to incorporate the
Metropolitan Railroad Company in the District
of Columbia, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Sumner to add at the end of
section fourteen the following proviso:
P)OvWcJ,That there sOiall be noiegulation excluding any
per«oii fiom any car on account of color.
Mr. JOHNSON. My principal purpose, Mr.
President, in asking the attention of the Senate
for a few moments, is to try to maintain the opin-
ion which I gave upon one of the questions which
this bill presented when the same question was
before the Senate on a former occasion. 1 am
called upon, as I suppose, to do so because the cor-
rectness of that opinion was questioned by the
honorable member from Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
bury] yesterday, and, notwithstanding the dif-
ference in age between us, and, as he has been
kind enough to say, the difference in other re-
spects, I feci it incumbent on myself, as against
the opinion expressed by him, to endeavor to
maintain my own. It is unnecessary, therefore,
to say that 1 was not induced to change that opin-
ion by anything that fell from the honorable mem-
bei.
The question before the Senate on a previous
occasion was whether, under the charter of the
existing railroad company, there wasany author-
ity in the company to exclude from its cars any
passenger by reason of his color. What I stated
as my own view upon that proposition was merely
to repeat the conclusion to winch the committee
to whom that subject had been referred had them-
selves come, 1 believe by a unanimous decision;
and in the coirectmss of that decision the honor-
able member from Massachusetts, who proposes
now an amendment to this bill, concurred, lie
said that h  was satisfied that the opinion was
correct; and because he was satisfied of that he
was willing to leave the question to be decided by
the laws as they then stood. He has thoughtu,
however, necessary to guard against the mischiet
which at one time he thought under the original
charter might possibly be practiced as agamst
persons of a ceitain description, by proposing an
amendment to the present bill, which is to pro-
vide in so many words that such passengers are
not to be excluded from these car.i. I think that
his amend ment is just as unnecessary for his pur-
pose to this bill as such an amendment would
have been unnecessary to the original bill under
which the roads are now being conducted.
There is nothing in this bill without the amend-
ment, as there was nothing in the original bill,
which gives to the company any authority to ex-
clude passengers at all. They are chartered for
the purpose of running a railroad, and by the
ninth section it is provided that they 4 4 shall place
first-class cars on said railways, with all the mod-
ern improvements for the convenience and com-
fort of passengers, and shall run cars thereon dur-
ing the day," at certain specific times, of course,
for passengers. It does not say who are to be
the passengers for whose benefit the law is passed,
or who are the description of passengers that the
company will be obliged to transport; and there
is just as much authority, and no more, in this
bill without the amendment, to exclude a white
passenger as there is to exclude a black passen-
ger. We are therefore to look out of the law for
the purpose of ascertaining whether there is in
any other statute, or by any other law not founded
upon statutory provision, any authority for a
company of this description to exclude any par-
ticular class of passengers.
The honorable member from Delaware—and it
is the only reason as far as 1 recollect that he
suggested as showing that the conclusion of the
committee and the opinion which I expressed was
erroneous—states that all these railroad compa-
nies have a right to establish first-class passenger
cars, and second-class passenger cars, and any
other class less than second-class, such as emi-
grant cars. That is tiue; but there is nothing in
that fact which shows that there is any right to
distinguish as between different descriptions of
passengers who are willing' to comply with the
terms required of them in order to be transported
on.any one of the classes of cars which the com-
pany may determine to inn. By running a first-
class passenger car, all that is meant is that he
who chouses to rule in a car of that description
is to pay a certain price. If he is unwilling to
pay that price, and still wants to be transported
upon the road, and the company has a car of a
minor class, and charges a less sum for the trans-
portation upon that class, he applies to be trans-
ported in i\ car of that class, and he pays what
the company may think proper to exact.
That does not prove that there is any right to
exclude any passenger who applies to be trans-
ported in any one of the kind of cars that the
company may under their charter be authorized
to run. If, therefore, a black man proposes to
lide in a first-class car upon any of the railroads,
(wheie there is no State statute prohibiting it,) he
has just as much right, if it be a question of right,
to be transported upon that car as a white man;
and the error of my friend from Delaware, if he
be in error, as I think he is, is in confounding
the right which the companies have to establish,
by regulation, different classes of cars and charge
different sums to the passengers in those respect-
ive cars, with the right to establish a distinction
between black men and white men, both of whom
are anxious to travel upon the particular car.
The only possible ground, then, upon which,
in the absence of any particular law outside of the
chartersof this description, the distinction can be
maintained is that there exists m these companies
some power in the nature of a police power. I
am at a loss to find what there is in any of these
charters which can be construed at all as giving
to these companies any police power except that
police power which ma'y be necussaiy in order to
enable them to discharge the function for which
they aie cieated by their franchise. They can
pieservc order m the car; no doubt about that. If
a drunken man or a quarrelsome man give trouble
m a car to the rest of the passengers, they can
eject him. There is no doubtabout that. But that
does not prove that they have a right by any police
regulation (irrespective of the question whether
the passengers can be transposed quietly and
without danger) to distinguish as between one
man and another man, or one woman and another
woman. It may be convenient, because it meets
with the public wish or with the public taste of
both classes,, the white and the black, that there
should be cars in which theivhite men and ladies
are to travel, designated for that purpose, and cars
in which the black men and black women are to
travel, designated for that purpose. But that is a
matter to be decided as between these two classes.
There is no more right to exclude a black man
from a car designated for the transportation of
white persons than there is a right to refuse to
transport in a car designated for black persons
white men; and I dc^not suppo^ that anybody
will contend—surely the Senator from Delaware
will not contend—that there exists any power in
the company to exclude white men from a car
because the company have appropriated that car
for the general transportation of black passen-
gers.
Now, Mr. President, I could wish, very sin-
cerely wish, that the difference between these two
races could -for a moment be forgotten, and the
Senate could be brought to devote itself more ex-
clusively to the actual business of the country
which involves issues touching at the very life of
the nation. I am not sure that I am accurate,but
I think that at least one half of the business of
the session, as far as the Senate is concerned, has
been taken up by debating the respective rights
of these two classes. Now, whether a white man
is to ride in a black car if he think proper to ride
there—I mean in a car with black passengers—
or whether a black man is to ride in a car appro-
priated to white passengers, is a matter that I do
not think touches any of the great issues which
are now before the country. I do not see that
upon any ground even of military necessity there
is any occasion for the continuance of a debate of
this description; nor, with due deference to the
honoiable member from Massachusetts, do I see
why it is necessary to provide more special guar-
antees for the black man than are provided for the
white man. If the black man is improperly ex-
cluded from one of these cars, as the committee
who had the subject before them on a former oc-
casion held, he has the right to go to the courts
and seek his remedy there, and the white man has
no greater right, if that is the object of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, they are both in that
respectupon an exact equality; their rights (pro-
vided the opinion which I entertain be the correct
opinion) are the same, and the remedies which the
law furnishes for a violation of such rights, under
which they can obtain a redress for all the con-
sequences attending such a violation, are equally
open to them as they are open to the white man.
The honorable Senatormight just as well,if he
carries the idea to which he is so much devoted,
apparently, to its legitimate extent—I do notsay
that it would not be proper—propose to pass a
law providing that these black men and black wo-
men shall have the same right to visit the presi-
dential mansion on public occasions as the white
men and the white women. The presidential
house is as much a public place, furnished for the
use of the public, as is one of these cars. It is the
business of the President to see the public when
it does not interfere with his other duties. It is
his business to give an interview to everybody
who thinks proper to approach him; and from
the beginning of the Government to the present
time, days have been set apart in which the doors
have been thrown open and everybody is per-
mitted to go and to pay his respects to the Presi-
dent of the United States, or upon other occasions
to go in and lay his complaints in the form of pe-
titions before the President of the United States.
If the honorable member, therefore, thinks it ne-
cessary to guard by special provision this partic-
ular class of citizens so as to secure them abso-
lutely m the enjoyment of all the rights which the
white men enjoy practically and by law, let him
propose a bill saying that upon all public occa-
sions when the President is receiving company,
the black men and the black women are to be re-
ceived on the same terms with the white men and
the white women.
Mr. President, there is one thing that cannot
be done. Gentlemen may talk as sentimentally
as they think proper, and as they no doubt feel;
for when the mind runs upon a particular topic
and wishes to come to a particular conclusion
upon it, it sees nothing that stands in the way of
that conclusion. If gentlemen are anxious to
bring about absolute equality, not under the law
alone, not for the purpose of establishing equal
rights under the law, but that equality which
seems now to be sought after, social equality, po-
litical equality, they wifl find, I think, in the end
that there will be obstacles in the public judgment
