1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
I have no objection to that
Mr. STEVENS.
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The substitute offered by Mr. Cox was next
read, and is as follows:
Beit jesolredy <Vc., That to defray the expenses incurred
in tin: lawn*, er.mppmjj, tran^poitation, ami subsistence
of minute nun, nuhtia, and volunteers in Pennsylvania,
New Voik. New Jeisey, Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Ken-
tucky, Minimi, [owa, Illinois We-?t Vngima, and Kansas
to lcpc) lobel raids, the pum ot $15,000,000 he and the same
is herebv appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not othei wi.-^e appioptiated; said expense to be settled upon
ptopt r vouchfia, to be filed and passed upon by ihe proper
acc<mntin« officers of the. Trea-any: P,oinded, Thnt in
determining the claims to ho allowed under tlurf act the
same punciples, rule**, and regulations shall be olweived
by the accounting officer? in auditing said expended as
have been applied to the claims allowed to States niidei
the aet sippioved July 27, 1861. entitled "An act to indem-
nify the tHate* lor expenses incurred by ihem in defense
ol the United States."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] moved to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio by substituting
therefor the following:
Sec. 1, That a boaid of three, commissioners, to he ap-
pointed by the President, in hereby established to ascetfam
the total amount of indebtedness that has been incurred hv
the loyal bfate^. and by the (owns, citie*, and counties
within those tftut'1?, in their efforts to lane, organize, and
equip troops lor the present war; and said eonnnissionerh
shall hold their se&t-ions in the city of Wa^lmisrton from
and after the 1st day of October next, and shall have povvei
to employ such number of clerks a«* thev may lind neces-
sary, not CACM-eiltng four, one; of each rlaV.
Sec. 2. Said conimi.-siouers shall give notice, hv adver-
tisement in at least one paper m each loyal State, ol the
time and plaee ot their bes&ioiK, that all duly authorized
agents may attend and pie.'ent their claims for debts in-
curred for the geneial oi particular defence dining the wai,
and on the evidence thereof accoiding to the principles of
genetdf equity, ^atihoimh such claims may not have been
sanctioned by the laws of Congte&&,) to allow the same as?
a charge ag<uiw the United States, subject to the appioval
ot Conme&! , to he liquidated and paid by the issuance to
said claimants of bonds of the United States, payable m
 yeais, with intere-t at the rate of per cent, per
annum, or in latWul money of the United States to hehere-
nttei appropuated a> may hereafter be elected by Confess:
Provided always, That the lule for apportioning to States
the amounts to be icfiinded undei this act shall be the same
that is prescribed by the Constitution of the United States
foi^the apjioitioniiKJut of Hcpresent-Uives and diicct taxes.
Sec. 3 Said commissioners shall respectively take an
oath belorc a jud«e of the United States couit that they
will taithlully discharge then duties; they shall eacu he
pan! at the rate of eight dollais per day, and shall make
final rejioit ot their doings to Congie^ on or before the
hist Monday of J>cembei, A. I), 1^65.
Mr.PEllEA. I hope the gentleman fromOhio
[Mr. Cox] will include New Mexico in his amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is on the
motion of the gentleman from Maine.
The question was taken; and Mr. Blaine's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. COX I modify my amendment so as to
rend as follows:
That to dehay the expenses incurred m laising, equip- I
pine, lianspoitiug, and paying the minute men, mililia, and i
volunteeis called out and m the actual sciviceof the United I
States in repelling rebel taids and invasions of the State of i
Pennsylvania, Man land, and the other loyal States, the sum j
of tfl^ooo.OOU is hereby appropriated out of any money in :
theTieastuy not otherwise appropriated; the'-aid expenfOh i
to be settled upon propei vouchers, to be filed in the ptoper '
oflices in tiie Tieasiuy and passed upon bv the Second I
Auditor. ' 1
The question was put on the amendment; and •!
theie wcie—ayes 42, noes 60.
Mr. GANSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. King and
Arnold were appointed.
Mr STEVENS. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether this amendment is offered as
a substitute for the bill of the Committee of "Ways
and Means*, or as an addition to it.
Air. COX. As a substitute.
Mi. STEVENS. 1 hope he will move it as an
addition to the bill.
Mr. COX. I moved it first as a substitute, but
I will withdraw that motion and move it now as
an additional section to the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I move, to insert after the
word "States" the words "and Territories."
Mr. COX. I aceept that as a modification of
my amendment.
Mr. GAIIF1ELD. Is this question open for
remark*? ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. UARFIELD. I wish to say, before the
vote is taken on the amendmcntof my colleague,
that the subject contained in that amendment is
before the Committee on Military Affaire; and a
request has been made to the War Department to
forward to that committee ail the facts that relate
to such claims as are referred to in this amend-
ment. We are daily expecting a full report from
the War Department. These claims are of va-
rious classes—some strong and some, perhaps,
weak claims; and it is exceedingly important that
we have the whole subject before us officially be-
fore we take action. 1 hope that the committee
will not appropriate any money outof the Treas-
ury in this general way until we know the scope
and character of these claims. I hope that this
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope it will.
Mr. SMITH. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio how the Committee on Military Af-
fairs can arrive at any estimate as to the amount
of money that wdl be required to pay these men
that have been actually called out in the loyal
States for tempoiary exigencies. I would also
inquire why an appropriation cannot be as well
made now as it can afterwards? There is not be-
fore the War Department nor is there in the city
of Washington any evidence—or scarcely any—
of the claims of these men who have been called
out. Men have gone into the service for twenty,
thirty, forty, and fifty days whose claims are not
"here, and who have never presented them, for the
simple reason that Congress has made no appro-
priation, and thercshas been no legislation on the
subject, and consequently they believe that there
is no chance for them to belaid. The War De-
partment, therefore, knows nothing about those
claims; and the Committee oil Military Affairs
can never hear anything about them. 1 believe
that the claim is a just one, and that these men
who have gone out tempotanly and served arc
as much entitled to be paid, and the widows and
children of those who fell as much entitled to com-
pensation, as if they had been regularly mustered
into the service. 1 therefore hope that the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD. In answer to the gentle-
man from Kentucky I willsa.y that the Secretary
of War states there is a large amount of papers
in his Department—claims filed for all these States
referred to by the gentleman—which papers he
is now collecting and preparing to send to the
Committee on Military Affairs. These claims
embrace parties who have served eight or ten or
filteen days; some of them for a much shorter
period. Oiheis,as those in Missouri, have served
for one handled days; and still others for six
months. They embrace ail grades,some where
the men were not mustered into the service atall,
some who have gone off in organizations, and
others who have gone off without organization,
as the squirrel-hunters of Ohio. Some of,them
went half way to the ptaee of rendezvous when
they were met and ordered to return. There is j
a large class of claims, and it seems to me that it j
is impossible for Congress to appropriate money j
in any degree of justice or equity in the present I
state of information on that subject. It is the in-
tention of the Committee on Military Affairs to
introduce a bill for the appointment of a com-
mission to hear all these claims that may be pre-
sented by any of the States, to sit during the (
recess of Congress, to be made up of civiliansand j
militaiy men as may be determined, and to re- !
port at next session the result of their investiga- '
tions. It appears to me that to appropriate money, !
before we know anything as to the extent of the '
claims—which I behove will go far up among the j
millions—would be, in the highest degree, im- ;
politic. I hope, therefoie, the amendment will !
not be adopted. j
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from Ohio j
whether other parts of tins bill do not provide that 1
none of this money-shall be paid except on good 1
vouchers. As a matter of course these claims ■
have to be determined by a commission. How]
can the Committee on Military Affairs get any j
idea as to whether the claims are good or not? ;
The matter might be discussed bcfoie the com-
mittee for a month without any determination
being reached. ;
Mr. GARFJELD. I do not say that the Com- I
mittee on Military Affairs is to adjudicate these ,
claims. It is only a pioposition that the Com-
mitti e on Militaiy Affairs may learn enough
of the character and extent and scope of these 1
claims as to be able to fiamc a law and such rules ;
as will guide the commission to be appointed for i
the purpose of investigating fully and reporting
to Congress at its next session.
Mr. ODELL. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Smith] asks, how can these claims be .ad-
justed? They can be adjusted according to the
precedent established by Congress in relation to
the claims of Missouri. We have twice made an
appropriation of money to pay these claims, and
they have been paid by a commission appointed
to investigate the claims of the State of Missouri.
Mr. SMITH. I understand that; butibegen-
tleman will allow me to say just here that the
commission appointed to investigate these Mis-
souri claims was appointed under a preceding act
of Congress. This bill provides that a similar
commission shall be appointed to investigate all
these claims
Mr. KING. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Odell] misapprehends the facts as to the
manner in which the claims of Missouri have
been provided for. These claims were of the
character attempted to be provided against by an
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth.] The troops had never been reg-
ulaily rnusteied into the service. They had been
called into service, had done a good deal of ser-
vice, and had been engaged in several battles
where many were killed. When compensation
was sought it was ascertained that they never
had been mustered into the service of the United
States. The whole question was how they should
be paid. A commission was appointed to take tes-
timony,and the report showed thatthere wassomo
eighthundred thousanddollaisdue. They recom-
mended that to Congress and we appropriated
that amount. It is to go through the hands of
the War Department. I am sorry that it is the
last we of Missouri have heard of that appropn-
ation since the day that we passed it here. There
has been no order to pay it. There is no money
I suppose to pay it. It says that the amount is
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, and I expect that all that
has been in the Treasury up to this time has been
otherwise appropriated. How long these Mis-
sourians will have to wait I do not know. But I
am not complaining about that. I want the
House to understand that.
This is a different kind of case. And I am
glad that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] of the Committee on Military Affairs, has
disclosed what he intends to do in reference to
these claims. Although we have come here and
obtained an appropriation of $700,000 for men in
the first emergency of the war called irregularly
into the service by General Fiemontwhen he was
in command there, since then we have had the
militia organized and mustered into the service,
and it has been recognized by the Federal Gov-
ernment. Missouri has been compelled to raise
$3,000,000 and pay it out to these men in what
are called State defense warrants. We have made
these warrants receivable for taxes in our State.
In that way it deprives us of the means to cany
on our ordinary State affairs. We are in the po-
sition that we ought to have this money back. I
do not know what other States will do, but Mis-
souri will notaskacent except what will pass the
ordeal of the War and Treasury Departments.
I have been of the opinion that the actof July,
1862, was sufficient to cover our case; butthe Sec-
retary of the Treasury takes a different view of
the matter, as was said by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] when asked why
the Secretary of the Treasury did not pay these
claims undei that act. The Treasury Department
has decided that a special appropriation is neces-
sary. I make no issue with the Tieasury De-
partment; 3?et its undeistandingof the law is not
| my understanding. We of Missouri and Penn-
! syivanm are driven here under that construction
; of the act of 18G2.
! Now, if the States interested are to wait untila
j commission is appointed, the testimony may not
; be taken before next winter, and then it may be
i put off to another Congress. In the mean time,
j what are we to do? We have already paid out
i $3,000,000, and the State of Missouri has incurred
great expense in doing it. We did it because we
wanted to sustain the honor and the integrity and
the good faith of the Government. We wanted
to show our people when they volunteered their
j services for the country that they should be paid,
i Now we are to be kept out of that money for an
