2134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
indefinite length of time. We have our pay rolls,
ourmuBter-in rolls, and all of the papers required
under the military organization of the Govern-
. ment. They have been brought here, and I think
are now before the Committee on Military Affairs.
We want no commissioners. We are willing to
pass the ordeal of the War and Treasury Depart-
ments.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, we have
already provided, so far as we can in this House,
for the payment of the claims of Missouri, unless
they have others outside of what we have acted on.
Mr. KING. Have you provided for Mis-
souri?
Mr. GARFIELD. We passed an appropria-
tion in a former Congress for the payment of such
troops from the State of Missouri as have been
in the United States service.
Mr. KING. Does the gentleman refer to the
law passed at the early part of the session to pay
what are called home guards?
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir; and $800,000
have already gone to the proper disbursing offi-
cers to be paid out in the gentleman's Stale.
Mr. KING. I understand that.
Mr. ODELL. My fiiend, the gentleman fiom
Missouri, [Mr. King,] says that 1 am mistaken
in the statement I made in reference to the pro-
visions of the act passed for the payment of the
Missouri militia which were not mustered into the
regular service of the United States. I have no
better evidence than theaetitself which I hold in
my Jmnd, and which I will read:
"Sec 2- rfntl be it further enacted, That for tiic purpose
of ascertaining flu: amount due said State for mon«y ex-
pended, the Secretary of War shall, immediately 'dier the
passage of this act, by a commission or othmwiae, cuuao
the account* to be examined and a report made to him of
the amount due, which being approved by the Societaiy
of War and by lum certified to the Heeretary of the Treas-
ury, the amount iheieof shall be allowed to said State, and
deducted fiom the amount apportioned theieto bv the alore-
htud act, and the remainder only, If any, ahull be collected
us therein prescribed "
One word more. Thegentleman from Missouri
not only claims that 1 am m error in reference to
the law, but m reference to the appointment of the
commissioners upon whoso icport this money is
to be paid. Now, I hold in my hand a speech,a
remarkable apeeoh, made by my friend fiom the
St. Louis dial riot, [iVlr. Blow,] in which he makes
the statement to his constituents that on or be-
fore the 15th of this present month that money,
$800,000, will be paid; that he has the assurance
of the Secretary of the Treasury to that effect.
Now, all I ask in this matter is that the same
course shall be pursued in reference to the balance
of the indebtedness to the State of Missouri and
every other State; that the claims shall go before
a commission, be examined,and come before the
House whore alone we can take that action which
will secure a faithful distribution of this money.
It must be paid through the War Department, or
not at ail, in harmony with what we have already
done in this case, but once beforo in the case of
Missou ri.
Mr. BLOW. 1 desire to say to the gentleman
from New York that he has correctly stated the
proposition in regard to the hill passed last De-
cember for paying the home guard of Missouri.
Those claims are at this very moment in piocess
of being paid.
And i desire to correct what I think is a wrong
impression in this House m regard to the differ-
ence between the position of Pennsylvania and
that of any other State making a claim before this
body. In our committee we examined the claim
of Pennsylvania and repot ted to this House. For
myself I «ee no difference between the position of
Pennsylvania and the position that the State of
Missouri occupied before this body in the month
of December last. I consider the claims of Penn-
sylvania presented to the Treasury Department
and audited under the law of 186], and presented
to this body, as just, as the claims which Con-
gress has allowed io the home guardy ol Missouri; |
and, sir, I think it almost unfair to make a dis- |i
Unction and to place Pennsylvania in a situation j[
in which her just claims will be deferred. j!
Mr. KING. I desire to make myself under- j'
stood by the gentleman from New York. Hecer- ]|
tainly misunderstood me. 1 say that the claims !l
of Missomi provided for last December were ir- 1
regular claims—claims forthcservicesof soldieis I
whom we could not show had been regularly mus- j
tered into the service of the United States. Con- !
sequently the Secretary of War could not recog-
nize them, nor could the Secretary of the Treasury.
But the difference between the claims of Mis-
souri now and the claims then is, that ourclaims
now are regular, and we can show that our men
were regularly mustered into the service of the
United States, so that we want no commissioners
to ascertain anything. There is a marked differ-
ence between the two cases.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 wish to say only a word
upon this whole subject. This House has already
determined, in a measure before it some weeks
ago, that it will not at the present time lake up all
that class of claims known as incidental damages
and pay them. If a man's farm has been utterly
broken up by our armies, or by the rebel armies,
we do not now pay nor have we at all up to this
time paid such a claim. We have confined our-
selves entirely to paying for supplies taken for
commissary and quartermaster stores.
U is now- proposed by the amendment of my
colleague, notwithstanding this wise and con-
servative legislation, to appropriate beforehand
$15,000,000 to be paid in a variety of ways, for
which at piesent theie is no law. It is referred
to the Second Auditor of the Tieasury to sec that
the vouchers are proper in their form. Now, by
the rulos of the Department, the Second Auditor
of the Treasury can pay no claims of soldiers for
services unless they have been mustered into the
United States service. That is the law of the
country and the law of his Department. But here
is a proposition that he shall pay these claims, no
matter whether the men were mustered in or not.
Well, now, what ate these claims? They are
of every description, from four hours' servicc to
four months' service.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my colleague
if his opposition is to the whole bill or only to the
amend ment.
Mr. GARFIELD. My opposition is not to the
bill of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stkvevs.] The merits of that bill may bo per-
fectly good, for aught 1 know. I presume it stands,
upon a diffetenf basis.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to have my
colleague state the difference between the claims.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is not my purpose
1 have seen only iIns amendment, and lhaveseen
that it isa sweeping measure to coverall the States
and Territories, and to appropriate money before-
hand for the payment of claims not yet made up.
I f Pennsylvania has a claim that has been made
up, that has been adjudicated, audited, and passed
upon as a just claim, then it has a basis to go
upon and we arc ready to appiopnate the money,
if the other States and Territories referred to come
here with claims made up, adjudicated, audited,
and vouched fot, let them l>e presented and let us
see what they are and then appropriate money
for the payment of them; but let us not before-
hand advance money to pay claims of which we
know nothing. Let us do as we have done in the
case of Missouri, have a commission appointed
to investigate the natuie and scope of these claims.
It will be the special wmk of that commission to
examine the whole subject, and they can do it bet-
ter and more thoioughly than we can possibly do
it here. We can then pay on a uniform system
of equity all such claims of all the States and Ter-
ritories. I do not believe in our paying a little
here in a special way and a little yonder in an-
other special way, or in paying the whole m a
general, loose, and irregular way. I hope this
amendment will be voted down.
Mr. SCHENGK. J would inquire of my col-
league if he knows any reason why the claims of
Pennsylvania should not be disposed of in the
same way as the claims of other States, and go to
commissioners to be investigated and reported on
hereafter?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not say that there is
any reason. I am not tnfouned on that subject.
1 only say that 1 am clearly and decidedly op-
posed to this amendment. I do not know that
the claim of Pennsylvania is different from others,
but I think it ought to be acted on on its own
merits.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman does not seem
to take into consideration the reasons why these
claims of other States have not been presented,
although the service has been rendered. One great
reason why they have not been made out is that
the men have had no hope of their payment until
Congress should take some action in the matter.
These men whose names do not appearand have
never appeared on the muster-roll have no reason
to hope for anything hereafter.
It is proposed that a commission shall be ap-
pointed to inquire into the justice of all these
claims. Hundreds and thousands of men have
been called out in all the border States temporarily,
many of them without the hope or expectation of
compensation. Many of them have been killed;
many of them have been wounded; many of them
have lost various kinds of property; and they
stand to-day unpaid and unrecognized by any le-
gislation upon the part of Congress. I commend
in the highest degree the energy of gentlemen
from Missouri and Pennsylvania in urging their
claims upon the consideration of Congress.
But while we of other States look upon and
admire that energy on their part, we feel that we
too have equully strong claims to be satisfied.
While in other States men have been called out
once or twice, in Kentucky they have been called
out thirty or forty times. While other States
have lost comparatively few of their citizens in
this way, Kentucky has lost a very great many
m defense of the country, without any consider-
ation whatever on the part of the Government.
Now, here is a plain proposition ou the part of
Congress to pay these men for the time absolutely
given to the country. Most of the men who have
thus gone out are men who have been dependent
on their daily labor for their bread and raiment.
1 know the fact, in my own community, in my
district, in my own State, because I have been all
over it. I have seen it in all of its phases and
conditions since the rebellion began. And I know
that ninety-nine out of everyone hundred of those
who have taken up arms temporarily for the de-
fense of the State and country, and to repel in-
vasion, were men taken from the plow, from the
anvil, from the shop, from the machinery, and
who gave labor and time, for days and weeks and
months, to the country. These are the men who
are to be indemnified under this bill, and under
the amendment of the gentjeman from Ohio.
Why should we hesitate? Why should we hold
back? Why should we have ail these claims re-
ferred to the War Depaitment? The War De-
partment is to-day so full of papers that you can
scarcely turn round in it; and there are not enough
of clerks there at this tune to look over and ad-
just these papers in twelve months. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] asks that the
Committee on Military Affaus shall be allowed
to consider this matter that they may approxi-
mate the amount necessary to bo appropriated;
and that then Congress at its next session can
make the appropnation. But m the mean time
the just claims of these people are to be ignored.
Now is the appropriate time when these claims
should be satisfied.
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Chairman, the princi-
ple has been long since adopted and recognized
of paying men who did actual military service,
whether they were regularly musteied in or not.
Some considerable time ago, before any claim had
been audited, before any commission had been
issued, the first step on the part of Missouri was
to have an act passed providing for the payment
of men who had been actually in military service
in the departmentof Missouii, whether regularly
mustered inornot. That gave notice to Missouri.
There was some chance for them then to get their
vouchers ready. After that preliminary act was
passed, recognizing the validity of these claims,
a movement was made for the appointment of a
commission to ascertain their amount, and then
the report of that commission was followed by an
appropriation of $800,000.
All this was done, Mr. Chairman, passing by
and ignoring the claims of other States quite as
meritorious as those. I do not complain that
justice was thus done to Missouri; but it surely
was unjust to pass by and ignore the claims of
other States equally meritorious. The princi-
ple has been lecognized long since, and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
merely goes on that principle. If this bill be
passed a commission will issue, and the claims
of citizens of Kentucky and other States will be
ascertained under it; butuntil some such commis-
sion is authorized the claimants will not move
m the matter. 1 give notice that before the vote
is taken, I ahall move to amend the amendment
