1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
is, doing that and providing alt necessary accom-
modations for the transmission of negroes upon
their railroad, are they bound in law to allow the
negroes to select any car they choose in which to
ride? Are the rights and the privileges of the
company to be subjcct to the overruling power
of every miserable straggler of a free negro who
may choose to visit this city? Why, sir, such a
doctrine as that was never, advanced until very
recent days. In all the States where slavery ex-
isted, and in many where it did not exist, until
these glorious days the blessings of which we are
now enjoying arose, it was universally conceded
that railroad companies, steamboat proprietors,
coacWines.had the right to make this regulation.
The very railroad between the city of Washing-
ton and New York makes its own regulations in
the transmission of white persons with reference
to the class of cars in which they shall iide,and
no complaint is made. Suppose the honorable
Senator from Mary land wishes to go from Wash-
ington to Philadelphia, and he presumes to say
that he'will ride in a car which goes to New York,
he is met by some person connected with the
cars, possibly by a soldier witli a bayonet, and
he is pointed to the Philadelphia cars, and he is
required to ride in them.
But the Senator from Maryland seems to think—
at least, I inferso from hisremarks—thatanaction
for damages would acoiue to any negro who should
be excluded from any particular cur in which he
chooses to ride, or to a white man who, choosing
to ride in a negro car, should be excluded there-
from. What would be the question for a jury
to try in such a case as that if an action for dam-
ages were brought? Whether or not suflicient
accommodation had been provided for the trans-
mission of the passenger over the railway. That
would be the only question involved in the case.
Claiming damages, he must show wrong and in-
jury done of a substantial character by not having
sufficient facility for travel over the railway. Then
suppose the company were to show by witnesses
at the bar of the court that there was a car ready
for the accommodation.of the white man, but that
he chose to ride among negroes, is there a jury in
the United States—could there be one summoned
in the United States—that would say that man
had sustained loss and damage?
The company have the right to make regula-
tions to prevent persons laboiing under disease
from riding in their railroad cars. I suppose that
will not be denied. Why ia that? Because it
might be dangerous to other passengers. They
may, as I apprehend, make regulations for the
exclusion from certain cars of persons whose sit-
uation at the time is not such as to render them
proper and fit associates for other persons in the
cars; and how is that fact to be ascertained ? By
the judgment of those who ride upon the cars.
Does any one believe that to allow negroes to ride
upon the city cars would be pleasant to any veiy
considerable portion of the ladies and gentlemen
of the capital? Does any one believe that by al-
lowing them to ride upon the cars the interests of
the company would not be seiiously affected ? If
the interests of the company would be. seriously
affected by allowing them to ride m the cars with
white people, whether that arises from what some
may consider prejudice or whether it anses from
what 1 believe to be reason and good sense and
good taste on the part of the white people, would
not that be a sufficient justification, upon a trial
between a negro and the company, to justify tho
company in placing them in other cars, provided
those other cars were sufficient for their accom-
modation?
But, sir, I will not extend my remarks in refer-
ence to the negro question m this case. 1 do not
believe with the Senator fiom Maryland, how-
ever, in the conclusion that slavery is dead. 1
never wish to see it die even in the little State whoic
I live, though we have no slaves there to make
it any consideration to us in a pecuniary pointof
view. Born in a slave State, seeing none of the
great injuries arising from that institution which
seem to be so patent to the vision of men now, I
desire to close my eyes under the same influences
and institutions under which they were opened.
If there were not a slave within our State, t still
should want a slave code to keep out your inter-
meddling negroes who wish to associate on terms
of equality and to ride in railroad cars and other
public conveyances with white people.
Sir, the finger of God Almighty has drawn the
distinction between the races, and abolitionism
is infidelity; it is a war upon the ordinances of
God's providence, and it emanates from and ex-
ists among a people less orthodox in religious
creed than any other portion of the United States.
There is no " ism "of the modern da'ys which has
ever sprung up in aslaveholdingState. Woman's-
rightsism, spiritualism, and every other ism, to-
gether with abolitionism, have their origin in a
locality where slavery is more distasteful than it
is in other localities,but not amongapeople who
are more kindly disposed to the negro race or who
treat them more kindly when among them. Sir,
for slavery itself 1 care not. It is only the influ-
ences and the spirit of abolitionism that I dread,
and that I wish to be free from. But, sir, these
latter remaiks are not pertinent to the matter be-
fore the Senate, and therefore I will not pursue
them further.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the question
before the Senate is very simple; it is as plain as
one of the ten commandments; but the Senator
from Maryland, with that nimbleness of speech
which belongs to him, while undertaking to dis-
cuss it, has ranged over a very extensive field,
lie has treated the Senate to adiscouiseonalmost
every subject and something else also: the elec-
toral franchise, social privileges at the presiden-
tial mansion, the equality of races, the intermar-
riage of different races, the state of slavery in
Maryland, also in some other States, and then the
state of slavery generally. Now, sir, I do not
propose to follow the Senator on any of those
topics. My desire is to bring the discussion to
the precise point in issue. I think the Senate
will then be the sooner prepared to' vote.
But the Senator from Maryland will allow me
to remind him that he seemed to exhibit in what
he said a rare inconsistency: first, so far as he
declared the absolute rightunder tho statute of col-
ored people to a seat in the cars, and then went
on to argue that on every consideration of so-
cial life and of principle they ought not to be ad-
miited to any such privilege. The two parts of
his argument did not go together. If colored peo-
ple have the legal right to enter these cars, why
does the Senator argue that they ought not to have
that right? I agree with the Senator in the first
argument. They have the legal right to enter
these cars, and the proprietors are trespassers
when they undertake to exclude them. On that
point I agreed with the Senator the other (lay. To
my mmd it is clear, because any other conclusion
authorizes a coiporaiion to establish a casie, of-
fensive to religion and humanity, injurious to a
whole race now dwelling among us, and bring-
ing shame upon our country.
Now, the Senator asks why, as I agreed the
other day to this conclusion, do I bring forward
the picscnt pioposition? To this there are two
answers, either of which is sufficient. The first
is that in tho last railroad statute which we have
passed this provision has been introduced, and I
have never heard of any complaintortiouble fronft-
it. Let us in the one now before us introduce it
also, and make the two uniform. That is one
reason. But the better reason is that while, be-
yond all question, colored persons have the legal
rightunder the statute, even without this amend-
ment, yet that legal right has been called in ques-
tion. In point of fact they are excluded from the
cars. The Senator from Maryland refers to one
ease because it hod become well known. I have
known of a great many other cases. Indeed, they
are brought to my attention almost daily. There
is then an abuse at this moment by the exclu-
sion of colored persons from these cars. They
are kept out of their rights. And permit me to
say we cannot afford at this crisis of our history
to sanction injustice. Every such act rises in
judgment against us and hangs on the move-
ment of our armies, chocking even the currents of
victory.
The Senator admits their rights; but he says
let them go to the courts. Sir, what is that for a
poor, humble person, withoutmeansand without
consideration ? The Senator knows something of
the law's delay and the law's expense; and I ask
him whether it is right to subject this oppressed
people to this additional oppression, when by a
few words Congress now in session can remove
the difficulty >
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him a question by way of reply? Sup-
pose the amendment is adopted, if it will not give
them a greater right than they have now, and the
company refuse to let them enjoy tho right, what
is their remedy ? They must go to the courts. I
suppose there is- no other remedy. You do not
provide that the charter shall be forfeited at once.
Mr. SUMNER. I know very well that then
they may in the last resort be obliged to go to the
courts; but I know that it.will be more difficult
for the company to exclude them in the face of a
positive statute than when their rights are simply
founded on inference. The positive words which
I propose leave no loop-house for doubt. They
must be obeyed.
Thore is nothing more common in legislation
than,where there is a doubt as to the meaning of
a statute or of the common law, to provide against
any mischief from it by what is well known aa a
"declaratory" sts^ute. I have in my hands a
work of authority, which the Senator knows well,
Dwarris on Statutes, from which I read these
words:
"And first, of declaratory acts. These are inade where
the old custom ol'the kingdom is almost fallen into disuse
or become disputable, in which case the Pailiament lias
thought propel, inprrpeiuumreitestimomitmf and for avoid-
ing all doubts and difficulties, to declare what the common
law is and ever hath been."
Are not these words completely applicable to
the case before us ? What should be the custom
here is, according to these words, " almost fallen
into disuse," or "become disputable." I say,
therefore, again, following these words, "for avoid-
ing all doubts and difficulties," it belongs to Con-
gress " to declare what the law of the land is."
Again,in another place, this same writer, speak-
ing still further of declaratory statutes, says:
"Acts to explain laws arc properly acts ofinterpretation
by legislative authority, or, to bonow an expicssion 1'iom
the writers on the Roman law, they are acts of authentic
interpretation."
I ask the attention of the Senator from Mary-
land to the expression, " they are acts of authen-
tic interpretation." Now, sir, what I desire on this
occasion is that the Senate shall give an authentic
interpretation to the law on this question. In
order todo this it is not needful to range over the
whole field of history, of morals,orof politics, as
the Senator has done, or to discuss the question
of tho equality cflf races, or their fortunes in the
future; but it is enough for us to become ac-
quainted with the existing abuse which passes
every day under our own eyes in the streets of
this capital, and then to apply the remedy. There
is an abuse, beyond all question. The remedy
proposed is simple, and I cannotdoubtthat it will
oe effective.
Listening to the objections which this measure
has encountered, I am reminded of those so often
brought against the Wilmot proviso. Sometimes
it wassaifl that slavery could notgo into theTer-
ritories without positive statute, and that, there-
fore, the prohibition was unnecessary. But it
generally happened that those who opposed the
positive prohibition were indifferent to the whole
question. No, sir. There can be but one true
rule on this subject. It is this: let the rights of
colored persons be placed under the protection of
positive statute, and let theii oppressors be warned
in this way against continued outrage.
Mr. CARLILE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if, in any act incorporating a rail-
road company in his State, any provision is in-
serted defining the character of the people who
are to ride in the cars?
Mr. SUMNER. That whole question, after
much discussion in Massachusetts, has been set-
tled by legislation, and the rights of every col-
ored person are placed on an equality with those
of white persons. They have the same right with
white persons to ride in every public conveyance
in the Commonwealth. It was done by positive
legislation twenty-one years ago.
Mr. CAIILILE. I ought not, perhaps, tohave
acknowledged my ignorance on that point, for I
could easily have ascertained the fact for myself.
But what is the number of colored people in the
State of Massachusetts?
Mr. WILSON. Between eight and nine thou-
sand.
Mr. CARLILE. I lay down as a general rule
observed by all States in the incorporation of com-
panies of this so it, to leave to the companies them-
selves the mak in;; and establishing of certain rules
