1864.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
and regulations for their own government, it is
a fact known to evciy gentleman who has passed
over any railroad in the United States that white
men are. excluded from certain cass attached to
almost every train. When you leave tins city,
unless you have a lady with you you are turned
away fiom the car which is reserved for ladies
and their cscorls. These rules and regulations
are made by the companies, and it is to be pre-
sumed that they will he governed by theiivinterest
in the making and in the enforcement of them.
So far as i am ad vised in the States with the legis-
lation of which on this subject I am familiar, it
is supposed that the interestof these corporations
will govern them. They are said by Lord Coke
to have no souls, to be governed exclusively by
their interest; and if a drunkard, a man intoxi-
cated is excluded from a car, or if a person is ex-
cluded from a car because he is of a different color
from ourselves, it is to be presumed that that ex-
clusion is caused because it is the interest of the
company thus to exclude the individual.
I have once or twice in my life been in the great
city of New York. J am not at all familiar with
their statutes; but I have seen m that city pre-
cisely what I see every day in this city, cais hav-
ing printed upon them the words, "colored per-
sons admitted in this car." 1 presume that any
railroad company in this city would have as good
a right to print upon us car, " white persons are
excluded from this car," as they have to print
" colored persons nre excluded from this car,"
nnd I have no doubt that they would do so if they
should find it to be their interest to do so.
1 think, therefore, acting upon the expciience
of the past and judging fiom the action of the
States in relation to such companies, with the sin-
gle exception of the State of Massachusetts—and
we are told there are but some nine thousand ne-
groes in the whole State, and I suppose neither
of the Senators from Massachusetts has very often
seen in the city of Boston a negro riding in a street
car 
Mr. SUMNER. Always. I doubt whether I
have entered a car there without seeing one.
Mr. CARLILE. They have been attracted to
that car by the fact that they have seen the Sena-
tor get into it. [Laughter.] 1 have no doubt that
is the fact; and it was from a desiie to be as near
as possible to a distinguished personage who had
rendered himself famous not only m his own coun-
try but throughout the whole civilized world, m
advocating the interests of these u down-trodden
people." I think it would he better for us to leave
this subject where it has been left by the expe-
rience of the past. If any prison is excluded,
whether a white man or a black man, fiom riding
in any car, the courts of the country are open to
him. J f lie is entitled so lo ride, he has his remedy,
and it will he « ven to him.
Mr. DOOLITT LIS. Mr. Picsidcnt, railroad
companies have the right to make regulations for
the convenience of the public, not for their incon-
venience. No raihond company would have a
right to make a regulation which would prevent
any peisou, white or black. ftom being entitled to
a seat to ride upon their road; but they may make
regulations bv which particular seats or particu-
lar cars may be set apart foi particular poisons.
Does any man in hi.* senses doubt that a railroad
company has the ri*  h t to suv that only ladies, and
gentlemen who travel with them, shall take seats
in oik car, while gentlemen without ladies shall
not take their actus in that car, if the railroad com-
pany at the same time furnish a car which does
contain seat* in which gentlemen can ride r There
is no doubt about the law on the subject; and the
man greatly dce< ives himself who supposes that
this power does not exist in the railroad com-
panies,
Take my honorable friend from Massachusetts.
He does not usually ti uvel with a lady; hctiavels
by himself. Suppose that he goes down to the
depot heie, <u d he walkfe along up to that ear in
which ladies and gentlemen ate seated together,
and stope, upon the platform; he finds himself met
by a young <;eiuleiiu>n at the door of the car say-
ing, 44 My dear si r, tin re is the car for gentlemen
that tide without lad'es; thohe who ride without
ladies cannot come into this car.'' Is that tiam-
pling on his rights: Is that denying him any light
to which he is entitled becau ?e he bus pur<-lia.-ed
a ticket' No! at all. it is a simple initiation
for the co!i\e'nei.'.e of pi'oscngu's that kulic-jrid-
ing in the cars over the great thoroughfare be-
tween here and New York may with then-escorts
occupy a cai by themselves, while gentlemen with-
out ladies shall ride in another car. Then the
smoking gentlemen, who are to be found every-
where, have a car set aside for them, called the
smoking car, and i believe on some trains there
is what they call a refreshment car in which cer-
tain other gentlemen are admitted. All this is a
matter of regulation for the convenience of the
public.
In the State where I live the railroad cars are
not as much crowded as they are, perhaps, be-
tween here and the city of New York; and yet
they adopt the same regulation. Thertf are cer-
tain cars Set apart for ladies riding with gentle-
men, and other cars into which gentlemen without
ladies go. Now the point, in my opinion, is.this;
this, 1 think, is the law of the case: a railroad
company is*bound to furnish a seat to every man
who purchases a ticket and asks for a seat. If
they are public earners for public convenience,
they are bound to fuiinish a seat, and they are
bound to furnish it in a reasonable time and in a
reasonable manner, and a good scat, and that is
all they are bound to do; and in a community
where nearly half the population are colored peo-
ple and the other half of the population are white
people, if it is for the convenience of the traveling
public that cars should be separated, and seats for
colored persons provided in one car and seats for
white persons in another, there is nothing in it that
tramples on anybody's rights; nothingwhich does
not serve the convenience of the public.
U seems to me that this amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is entirely unnecessary.
I shall not take up the time of the Senate, but cer-
tainly I shall not vote for the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomerot
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. As the Senate is to divide on
this question, and the bill comes from a commit-
tee of which I am a member, and 1 had some-
thing to do with presenting it to the Senate, I feel
called upon to say a few words.
The proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has borrowed an importance from the
discussion which I am sure it had not in the be-
ginning. 1 do not consider that it adds to the au-
thority or the legal force of the bill. The bill is
just as strong to protect the rights of all persons
who are to be transported over this road in the con-
templation of the bill without the amendment as
with it. So far as the legal rights of the persons
who are to be accommodated by this road are
concerned it adds nothing.
The Committee on the District of Columbia on
former occasions had this identical subject before
them, and considered it somewhat at large; and
the honorable Senator fiom West Virginia [Mr.
Willey] made a report upon it m which the opin-
ion—I believe the unanimous opinion—of the
committee was stated; and that was, that as a mat-
ter of law, under the former charter and under
this one, which is a transcript of it, there is no
doubt at all as to what the law is; that both roads
become common earners; that it is simply a ques-
tion of passengers; that any man who is a pas-
senger has a right to go upon the road, and, pay-
ing his fare, they have no right to discriminate
against him either on account of his color, or the
length of his nose, or the cut of his hair. As a
question of public decency they would have a
light to say whether an infected man, or an in-
toxicated man, or a man who, by his manneis
or condition had offended against public decency
should travel on the road or not. But upon no
other conceivable ground whatever would this
company have a right to say that a man demean-
ing himself properly, and paying his tare, should
not have aiight to a seatm the cars. Itis there-
fore clear and well settled both as a nutter ot
law and as a matter of right.
Now, as to the question of remedy, j.1oo-j the
amendment change it ? Does it add to it in the
least' I do not see that it does. What is the
iomedy now ? It js the ordinary remedy. The
i<-medy of the colored person is precisely the
remedy of any other person who is denied the
privihges of the cars. Suppose a man insists
upon getting on one of these cars with a market-
basket in his hand, which of itself is offensive.- "
Mr. SUMNER. They do it every day.
Mr. MORRILL. That is true; theyfdo; but the
Senator perhaps knows that they are positively ex-
cluded from some of the cai s, and, I insist upon it,
are very properly excluded. It is an offense against
public decency that they should do it in the man-;
ner I have observed it. I find, however, that the
persons who make such loud complaints against
persons of color enterii% the cars are perfectly-
quiet when neighbors to these persons who as to
personal cleanliness are offensive, and who are
accompanied in this way.
1 repeat, therefore, that it is not a question of
remedy, because the same remedy is open to the
colored person that is open to any other; and what
is that? A resort to the law; a resort to the courts
of law. It so happens that the courts of law in
this District are open, and under the Ugiskuion
of this and the former Congress they are accessi-
ble to this class of persons. There is no presump-
tion against these persons in law anywhere in this
District. They are allowed their oaths. I sug-
gest therefore to the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that the law is clear, the right is un-
questionable, and the remedy is ample. That was
my opinion; and that was the reason why this
bill was reported without this provision. Stand-
ing thus, I thought it wiser that this question*
which is a collateral question, and one that must
be settled in some other way, outside of Congress,
whenever it is settled, should not be mooted on
this bilf.
But the Senator from Delaware has given it an
importance whicl/it had not before; for he rises
here and denies this proposition. He maintains
that this company has the right to exclude alto-
gether from their cars a negro—to which word
he seems to give a great deal of emphasis, as if
he would speak the sentimentof degradation deep
into the negio cluuactcr. He stands alone in that,
I believe, so far as anybody has spoken on the
subject. He therefore lends an importance to the
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts.
Exactly on this point I desire to allude to asin-
gle sentiment that fell fiom thatSenator this morn-
ing, and, I believe, also on yesterday. He seems
to impugn the motives or question the propriety
or the good taste of those who advocate this meas-
ure.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I impugn nobody's mo-*
tives.
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator said
this question of liding in cars with colored people
was a matter cf taste, and he would say to us that,
in his judgment, it was not a matter of good taste
to make provision that our wives and daughters
who come to this capital shall be required to ride
in public conveyances with persons of color,
Mr. SAULSBURY. f will ask the Senator
whethei I have not the right to express my opin-
ions on questions of taste and matters of taste
without bemg charged with reflecting on the mo-
tives of others?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not mean to say that
the Senator reflected on the motives of others;
but he arraigns this question as a matter of taste,
and the precise matter of taste which is obnox-
ious to him and winch lie animadverts upon is
that we will insist upon it that colored persons
shall he permitted to ride in the cars with white
people m this city. I mean nothing personal in
what 1 am about to say; but I suppose I can
state a case that will not be offensive to the taste
of the Senator from Delaware. It would not be
offensive as a matter of taste to the Senator from
Delaware and the class of persons of whom he is
the repiesentative m this Chamber to ride with a
coloied peison in the best carriage in town, pro-
vided that coloied person wore on his person the
badge of bondage. You may put us many col-
ored men and women as you please in the cars
with the persons who make this argument, and
if you will put upon them the badge of" bondage
and servitude, they will not be offended at it. It
is in good taste to do that! Nay, sir, you may
put a coloied man or woman on the very sent by
the side of the advocates of this doctrine of teste,
and they will not only not be offended at it, but
will be proud of it, so long as the badge of set vi-
tude and bondage is apparent. Wiry, s/i\ as 1
came up town the other day, I saw an cxcecd-
