THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session1.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 8, 1864.
New Series.....No. 8.
Wasiibuhne,] and as he opened this subject, I
claim that I have a right to meet him. If the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Hrandegee] want-
ed to object to this line of debate, he should have
done so when it was opened by the gentleman
from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection can be inter-
posed at any time, and the point of order raised.
The Chair lias decided that the general course of
the remai ks of the member is out of order.
Mr. PRUYN. May I, with* great respect, in-
quire < f the Chair again, what is the point we are
discussing? Am I nor right in supposing it to be
the question of paying these roads for the postal
service they have performed for the Government?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that it will be in order to discuss the general man-
ner in which the railroads of the country have
discharged their duties in carrying the mails for
the Government; but when the gentleman enters
into goucial debate as to all the doings of the rail-
roads through the country, the Chair decides that
it is not in order.
Mr. PRUYN. I will confine myself within the
rule which the Chair has laid down.
The gentleman from Illinois claims that the
services for which this bill seeks to pay the rail-
roads have been impetfectly discharged in some
cases, and that in other cases the charges have
been exoibitant. I do not propose to enter into
the general question of the management of rail-
roads, but I will lesmct myself within the range
the Chan man imposes, though the gentleman
from Illinois was permitted to go quite outside of
that range.
I have very little more to say in regard to this
matter. I rose principally to repel the attack made
by the gentleman from Illinois upon the great
body of i ail toad coi porations in this country, and
to express my regiet that when this question of
appropriation came up, he, a Representative from
Illinois, a State covered all over with raihoads
which have done so much to develop its resources
and wealth and to elevate its character, .should
have been the person from whom this attack pro-
ceeded. I have no doubt that the postal services
rendered by the raihoads of this country are the
cheapest services rendered the Government in the
counti y; and that most of the laihoads have per-
formed the semce for the Government for a pi ice
for which they would not perfoim it for individ-
uals.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mi. Bran-
db gee]" alluded to the Central railroad of New
York. I am connected with that road,and have
been for many yeais, and I venture to say that
there is no cl-issof commercial people in the State
of New Yoik for whom the New York Central
road would render the services which they render
for the Government for the same amount of money;
and that weie it not that the mail has been car-
ried simply as a matter of public interest and con-
venience, they would not for the remuneration
carry it a single day longer.
Mr. B11ANDEGEE. I do not know all the
services the New York Central road has rendered
to the Government, but I know it has rendered a
set vice to the Democratic party at my expense.
Mr. COX. I call the gentleman to order. I
insist that gentlemen shall quit talking about the
Democratic party.
Mr. PRUiN. All these allusions come from
the other side of the House. We do not mean to
go into them; but ifgentlemenchoose to open the
ball by making such allusions, we shall try to
stand upon our ground and meet them.
1 can only say that when the gentleman made
the remai k he did a while ago, he did it in igno-
rance of certain facts, and in defiance of the open
and expressed declarations of some of the strong
est and warmest political men of the State of New
Yoi k, among them his fi lend, the gentleman from
Onondaga, [Mr. Davis,j sitting over the way.
Now, sir, I have been drawn into saying much
more than 1 meant to say; and I only wish to add
that I hope the House, in passing upon this ques-
tion of appropriation for postal services rendered
ft
by the railroads of the country, will do it without
reference to the indiscriminate censure heaped
upon them by the gentleman from Illinois, but
will pay them at least a reasonable amount for the
services which they may have rendered.
Mr. WASH13URNE, of Illinois. Since the
House has heard the speech of thefc gentleman
from New York, which, of course, was for the
mostpait entirely outside of this bill—which, it
seems, 1ms been made a special order—I should
be glad, if there be no objection, to ha*ve an op-
portunity to reply to him.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 believe thisdebate has gone
about far enough, and I must object. I hope we
shall pass the bill now, and then I will move to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for a general talk.
Mr. PRUYN. We will have it out some other
time.
The Clerk read the following clause:
For miscellaneous payment's, $200,000.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend that clause
by adding to it the following:
Piorllcd, Thatnotlnng he appropuated tocanylng
the triad*? from C.uio to Cou'raha, 01 Chicago, or anywhere
in Illinois; and that a special committee be appointed to
abceit'un how many failures of the t tarns there weic in Illi-
nois fiuni Dccembei 2o, lcGO, to Juimaiy 5, lbG-4.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is hardlv in order.
Mi. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
is pel fe< tl V in 01 der.
Mr. STEVENS. I think I shall have to object
to Us being in order.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman cannot object.
It is clearly in 01 der.
Mr. STEVENS. It may be pertinent to the
speeches we have heard, but not to this item of
the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman will give his
attention to the clause, he will see the lelevancy
of the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. We have passed that part
of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no; I am always in time.
Mr. STEVENS. The previous item makes
appiopiiation for carrying the mails. Thete is
nothing whatever apptopiiated in this clause for
that pur..use. This is tor miscellaneous items,
wholly independent from cariymg the mails.
That is provided for in the eat lier part of the bill.
The gentleman's amendment to raise a commit-
tee might have been in older there, but I submit
that it is nor in order here.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman is only losing
time in pressing bis point of order. I am too old
a parliamentarian not to find means to accomplish
my purpose. 1 can offer the amendment to the
second section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment js not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I submit to the decision of the
Chair; but 1 wish the Chair would decide what is
outof orderin the amendment; if the latter clause,
I will waive that.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. BROOKS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair in order to say 
Mr. STEVENS. The appeal is not debatable,
so the gentleman cannot say it.
! Mr. BROOKS. Then I will withdraw the ap-
| peal, and shall renew the amendment when we
1 reach the next clause of the hill.
! Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. _ I hope the
' gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw his
' objection. I should like to hear the gentleman
1 from New* York state the reasons why he, a Rep-
: resentative of the great metropolis of the country,
. wishes to deprive the people ot Illinois of their
1 mail facilities.
^ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that debate is m order without oflTeiingan amend-
ment. Debate lias not been closed on the bill.
The Ch i k read the second section of the hill.
Mr. BROOKS. I now submit my amendment
i to that seetion.
Mr. STEVENS. I will notdisturb the'gentle-
man.
Mr. BROOKS. What I have to say seriously
is, that I admit the embarrassments which have
existed in carrying the mails between New York
and Washington, from the inclemency of the sea-
son, and from other causes. These misfortunes
have resulted from the burning of a bridge over
the Schuylkill river, and the freezing up of the
Susquehanna, an occurrence which has happened,
regularly for twenty-five years past,and probably
from the foundation of the world. I see by the
newspapers that m consequence of the same kind
of weather in Illinois, fro^t, and snow in some
quarters, and a general destruction of the means'
of locomotion, the bieaking down of locomotives
in consequence of the frost, and the sudden con-
traction of the iron, there was no connection be-
tween Cairo and Centralia,or between Cairo and
Chicago, or on many of the roads radiating from
Chicago, from the 25th of December to the latest
dates we have from theie by telegraph—January
the 4th or 5th; and I have just as much reason to
insist on a special committee to investigate the
whole alfan of carrying the mails on the railroads
in Illinois, as the gentleman fiom Illinois and his
friends have to demand an examination into the
cairyini* ofihe mails between hcieand New Yoik.
1 voted as 1 did to-day on this subj'-ctin oider
to lefei the subject to the Post Office Committee
or to the Committee on Military Affairs. It was
a proper subject for investigation by the Post
Office Committee, if it was a postal road that was
to be established. It was a pi oper subject for in-
vestigation by the Committee on Military Adah s,
if it was a military load that was to be estab-
lished. It is unparliamentary, U is irregular, it
is extraordinary, this introduction of special com-
mittees on any and every occasion when a gen-
tleman wishes to beappomted,whetheraSpeaker
wills it or not, chairman of a special committee.
It its beneath the dignity of this House, instituted
to legislate on the gravest subjects, in a time of
civil war, to be taking business from regular or-
ganizations and regular committees, and to stoop
to the appointing a special committee on the man-
agement of railroads between New Yoik and
Washington, or between Cairo and Centiaha, or
between CentraHa and Chicago. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
do now rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Rice, of Maine, reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration, as a spe-
cial order, the Post Office appropriation bill, and
had instructed him to report the same back with-
out amendments, and with a recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
president's annual message.
Mr.'STEVENS. I move that the rules he sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The iuIcs were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,) the first business in order being
the consideration of the Piesident's annual mes-
sage . *
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Chairman, in June, 1858,
a com para lively unknown man uttered in the State-
house at Springfield, Illinois, a sentiment which
is already historical. Its philosophy, its profound
sagacity, its prophetic prescience, its unparalleled
boldness and honesty, were characteristic of the
man, who, then obscure, has become already > to-
