114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
day, the foremost character in American history.
The sentiment was this:
"A house divided against itself cannot stand. I believe
that this Government cannot permanently exist half slave
and halt five. I do not expect th^ Union to he dissolved;
L do not expect the house to fall; but I expect it will cease
to be divided."
This, the first emphatic enunciation of the
philosophical fact of the antagonism between lib-
erty ana slavery, the eternal and " irrepressible"
conflict between them, electrified the country, and
made Abraham Lincoln President of the United
States.
The moment the fact is recognized that liberty
and slavery are antagonistic, and that there can
be no peace between them—that our country,all
of it, must pass into the dark night of slavery, or
alt of it emerge into the clear light of freedom—all
loyal, patriotic men become at once anti-slavery
men, abolitionists.
Such I avow myself here, to-day, and I shall
deem it a proud distinction if I can merit the name
by aiding in bringing about the entire abolition
of slavery in my suffering country.
And as, when in the palmy days of the Roman
republic, the people came to feel, by an instinct-
,ive conviction, that Carthage must be destroyed
that Rome might live, so, to-day, the American
people feel that slavery must die that liberty and
the Union may live. " Delenda est Carthago"
became then the motto of every loyal, patriotic
Roman. " Down with slavery" is becoming the
motto of every loyal, patriotic American.
As Roman constancy, courage, and persistence
finally triumphed over Carthage, so will American
constancy, courage, and determination triumph
over slavery.
When the Son of God proclaimed a common
Father and the universal brotherhood of man,
He enunciated the great moral principle which
brought on the irrepressible conflict with slavery.
It is difficult, it seems to me, for a man to recog-
nize fully the truth of His teaching, in the light of
this rebellion, without becoming an opponent of
slavery. Just to the extent that Christianity pre-
vails, slavery will disappear. The glorious light
ofChristianity must fade from the earth, or slavery
cense. It is a relic of a barbarous and a savage
age, and, thank God, it is melting rapidly away
before the light of the nineteenth century.
THE PROGRESS OF LIBERT*.
It would be a most interesting task to retrace
the footprints of liberty, amidst the dust and rub-
bish which have gathered over the history of the
past; to follow the ofttimes obliterated pathway
by which, since Christ's sermon on the mount,
freedom regulated by law has been developed into
its present majestic and grand proportions. I
hesitate not to affirm that all that there is which
is valuable in republican and free institutions has
its foundation in the sublime morality and broad
humanity of the Bible. The glorious theme of
man's struggle, through the ages, for liberty is
yet to be written. Historians have told us much
of courts and camps, of the changes of dynasties,
of battles by land and on the sea; but who among
them has traced the history of man's progress, and
his struggles, through the ages, for " life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness?" This history,
even as presented by that nation and race most in-
teresting to us—the English—has yet to be fully
written. The historian has yet to write who has
gone back and recorded for us the dawn of free-
dom among the early Saxons, its memorable tri-
umph on the field of Runnymede, its struggles
through the reigns of the Henrys and the Ed-
wards, its fierce and bloody contest with Charles
the Fust, the Roundhead against the Cavalier;
thence to the Petition of Right, pausing with sad
steps at the grave of Hampden and the scaffolds
of Russell and Algernon Sidney; thence to the
revolution of 1688, the gradual but sure advance
to the noble efforts of Fox and Erskine and Cur-
ran to secure freedom of sppee.h, liberty of the
press, and trial by jury, down to the crowning
fciory of the English constitution, when Lord
Mansfield electrified the island of Great Britain
by proclaiming in the case of the negro Somerset,
" that slaves cannot breathe in England."
God speed the hour when the Chief Justice of
our land may truthfully announce the same fact.
Then, and not till then, would I have crowned
the dome of this Capitol with the statue of Lib-
erty. The great English bard who expiated a life
of follies by giving himself a martyr to Greece,
has said:
" For freedom's battle, once begun,
Bequeathed by bleeding sire to son,
Though baffled oft, is ever won."
The historian who writes the story of man's
progress from slavery and barbarism to Christian
civilization and liberty, will find no more inter-
esting page than that which is now being filled
with the struggle in which we are engaged; none
where the contest between liberty and slavery has
been more clearly defined; none upon a grander
theater; none where the combatants, by their num-
bers, genius, ability, and heroism, have given more
dignity and Sublimity to the contest.
WEAPONS OF FREEDOM.
When, in 1858, Abraham Lincoln uttered the
philosophic truth that freedom and slavery could
not permanently exist together—that our country
would become all free or all slave—he did not an-
ticipate any buta-moral conflict. The weapons
by which he expected freedom to triumph were
the weapons of truth and free discussion. Free
speech, a free press, reason, the schoolmaster,
the sermon, the lecture, the printing-press, the
telegraph, the ballot: these were theagencies, the
weapons, by which the battle was to be fought.
It was with the ballot, and not with bullets, the
victory was expected to be won. The victory was
won by these peaceful agencies in the election of
Abraham Lincoln as President. Slavery, con-
scious that it could not stand free discussion, that
it must be destroyed if free speech and a free press
were tolerated, appealed from the ballot-box to
the sword, and brought upon the country this ter-
rible war.
SLAVERY MOST DIE BY THE LAWS OP WAR.
Slavery having plunged the nation into this
war, it is fit that it should die by the laws of war.
Slavery stands before the world to-day guilty of
all the calamities of our country. Every dollar
expended, every suffering endured, every drop of
blood spilled, every wound, and every death, on
every battle-field and in every hospital, is the price
we pay for the existence and toleration of Amer-
can slavery.
It is to-djy a rebel and a traitor. Let us declare
it an outlaw under our Constitution and laws.
There has never been a day since our existence
as a nation when slavery was loyal to the Con-
stitution and the Union. Now an open enemy,
striking at the heart of the Republic, it has always
been a plotting, stealthy, secret traitor, under-
mining the Constitution, and sapping the founda-
tions of our liberties.
INDICTMENT AGAINST SLAVERY.
The counts of the indictment against slavery,
were I to recapitulate its outrages and its wrongs,
from the organization of the Government down,
would swell to volumes.
The effects of slavery in retardingour national
growth and prosperity are apparent at a glance.
The finest portion of our country, with the rich-
est soil, situated in the mostgenial climate, has been
blighted by this curse. Watered by navigable
streams, nearer to the sun, with every element of
prosperity and wealth showered upon it, yet poor,
sparsely settled^ with neither thrift, nor comfort,
nor commerce, nor manufactures, nor culture, nor
art, nor intelligence; all because labor was not
free. While sterile, rocky, cold, bleak, barren New
England, under the influence of free labor, smiles
with abundant harvests, every valley blooms like
a garden, every hill shelters a thriving village;
with every element of comfort, with a commerce
whitening every sea, with skilled and intelligent
labor which sends its manufactures to the utter-
most parts of the earth. • Why is this? Because
liberty dwells among the mountains of New Eng-
land, and slavery blackens and desolates the sunny
plains of the South.
In the one you find the happy home, the school-
house, the church, the lyceum, the newspaper,
the railroad, the telegraph; and everywhere do-
mestic comfort and domestic virtue, refinement,
culture, the arts, taste, Christian civilization in
its highest forms. In the other you find the great
plantation, the slave-pen, squalor, poverty, mis-
ery; in place of the school-house, the slave mar-
ket, where children, boys and girls, are bought
and sold; ignorance, brutality; without art, with-
out literature, without inventions or labor-saving
machinery; everywhere slavery operating as a
moral blight, an intellectual extinguisher, redu-
cing rapidly a once noble people into barbarism.
Such are the results of slavery. These results as
naturally follow free labor, and the degradation of
labor, as that the summer produces fruit and the
winter destroys it.
All history demonstrates that the feet that are
fettered and the hands that are manacled cannot
contend with those that are free. The hand that
is enslaved produces no work of merit. The brain
that conceives and the hand that executes all great
things must be free.
God has established the great law of compen-
sation, that true national greatness can never grow-
up from wrong and wickedness, and we behold to-
day in our country its most striking illustration.
All history teaches that ignorance, vice, pau-
perism, and barbarism are the natural and inevi-
table results of the degradation of labor. It is
quite time to cut loose this millstone from about
our necks.
SLAVERY BECAME MASTER OF OCR GOVERNMENT.
Slavery having in an unfortunate moment been
tolerated by the framersofour Constitution,under
the mistaken belief that it would be but a tempo-
rary evil, soon aspired to and became the master
of the Government. Having intrenched itself in
the very citadel of political power, consciousof its
inherent weakness, it demanded additional terri-
tory for its expansion; first Louisiana, then Flor-
ida, then Texas. These territories, vast enough
for an empire, having been secured, slavery then
demanded the repeal of the Missouri line, that she
mightcarry her curse North as well as South and
West.
Why need I remind the people of the perfidious
repeal of the Missouri compromise, showing the
slaveholder's promise to be as sacred as a gam-
bler's word or a secessionist's oath ? The story
of the sublime struggle in Kansas, between fraud
and violence and outrage on one side, and heroic
firmness on the other, has not faded Trom the
memory of the people. Her prairies, red with
the blood of the martyrs to liberty, her valleys,
black with the cinders of her burned and devas-
tated towns and villages, attest alike the devotion
of her people to liberty and the savage barbarity
of her enemies. All honor to Kansas I She was
indeed the rock against which the turbulent waves
of violence rolled in vain. Single-handed she suc-
cessfully resisted the slave power backed by the
Federal Government.
Up to this period of this struggle, the career of
the slaveholders hi their lust of domination had
met with no serious check. Slavery was abso-
lute on the bench of the Supreme Court; it dic-
tated in the national councils; it furnished the
Presidents, or designated the most base, subservi-
ent tool it could purchase among its northern
sycophants to occupy the Executive Mansion. It
was a ruler in the Halls of Congress. The Army
and the Navy, with West Point and the Naval
School as its nurseries—the training from which
yet lingers—were its right and left hand to carry
out its purposes. The national treasure, col-
lected in large proportion at the North, was ex-
pended mainly at the South and to fill the pockets
of slaveholders. The qualifications for your rep-
resentatives abroad were fealty to slavery. Every
new Territory was filled with the minions of this
slave power, and was as regularly trained up to
the interests of slavery as the proteges of Jeffer-
son Davis in military life were trained to his will .
QUESTIONS OF PEACE AND WAR, OF FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC
POLICY, CONTROLLED AND bHAPED UY SLAVEHOLDERS.
The slaveholder held the purse and the sword;
he was king at the White House, a ruler here in
this Hall, a despot in the Senate, and everywhere
a tyrant.
Such was the position of the slaveholder in
1858.
SLAVERY HAD REVOLUTIONIZED THE GOVERNMENT AKH
DESTROYED THE PRINCIPLES OF LIBERTY.
Meanwhile slavery had revolutionized the Gov-
ernment. The great principles of Magna Charta
and the Declaration of Independence had ceased
to have practical existence m a large part of the
Union. Liberty of speech, freedom of the press,
and trial by jury had disappeared in the slave
States. Indeed, that portion of the so-called Re-
Eublic had ceased to be a government of law, and
ad become a government of a tyrannic, cruel oli-
garchy, more odious, despicable, and cruel than
