2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
of the different States, without a very great deal of
consideration of the effect of its legislation.
This bill, introduced in behalf of the State of
Pennsylvania, has called out, as might naturally
be expected, comments from gentlemen upon it,
and allusions to like claims from the people of
other States, and reference has been made to the
history of legislation at this session upon the sub-
ject. I understand what we have done hereto-
fore, at the present session of Congress, to be
about this: the last Congress having entertained
an appplication for payments to be made for the
services of the home guaids of Missouri, author-
ized the appointment of commissioners to inves-
tigate thoroughly and carefully the claims of
Missouri for such services of her citizens, and
provided that the amount awarded to that State
should be paid to them when ascertained. This
Congress was called upon to pay that award. I
voted for the billtopay $800,000 to Missouri upon
the distinct ground and undei standing that it was
not an original claim brought here for payment,
to be here established, by proofs submitted, to
the satisfaction of Congress, but that it was a
mere call upon the part of the State of Missouri
for an appropriation to meet and satisfy a verdict
rendered in her favor under previous legislation.
That makes the case of the State of Missouri en-
tirely different from the case which is now pre-
sented,either inbehalfof otherStates, or in behalf
of Pennsylvania according to this original bill.
Now we are culled upon, first, by the bill intro-
duced by the Committee of Ways and Means, to
vote several bundled thousand dollats to satihfy
the claims of Pennsylvania for the service of sol-
diers who turned out for tin; defense of the State
and country on account of the rebel invasion. It
was not to be expected that this would be permit-
ted to pass without remark from otluu States, be-
cause there are like claims existing in behalf of
citizens of other States, and presented by Repre-
sentatives of those States. If we open the door
for one we must open it for all. I chum, there-
fore, that the principle, at least of the amendment
offered by my colleague on the other side of the
House, incorrect; that whatever legislation there
should be on this subject ought to be an all-em-
braemg legislation, providing for the citizens of
all States wilt) have been thus called upon to ren-
der service to the common country, unless it can
be shown that the claim of Pennsylvania stands
on a different footing from the claims of other
States.
To show, Mr. Chairman, what a door will he
opened if we take up any one of these claims and
act upon it, without reference to nthei claims,
let me again refer to the history of the claims of
the State of Missomi. We have paid to Mis-
souri some eight hundred thousand dollais for
the service of her homo guards. P>ut the appio-
priation of this money which is now ready to be
paid over to her seems to be but the opening
wedge for a greater claim which she has snvc
preferred. 1 do not say this, meaning to infer
that the second chum is not as just as the first,
or not entirely just; but to show that Missoun
is by no means satisfied with what Congress has
done for her, in appropiiating the amount of the
awards, §800,000. A bill has hwn reported by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hi.air,] who
has left this Hall—whether to icsume his seat or
not I do not know, [laughter,]—from the Com-
mittee on Military Aflaus, with the distinct un-
derstanding on the part of the committee that it
was not to be considered as binding the com-
mittee, but that it was to be recommitted imme-
diately on being reported, to be consideied in
connection with othqr claims of like character.
That bill provides that the Secretai y ofthe Treas-
ury shall pay to the Governor of the State of
Missouri or to his duly authorized agent, tin1
costs, charges, and expenses propetly incuired
by that State for enrolling, subsisting, clothing,
supplying, arming, equipping, and transporting
its troops, employed m aiding to suppress insur-
rection against the United States, such troops be-
ing commonly known as the six months' men
and the enrolled nnlitia of the State of Missouti;
such payment to be made on the filing of the
•proper vouchers.
It is not worth while, Mr. Chairman, to re-
mark on the ciudeness of that bill, its looseness,
its provision that the payment shall be made in
gross to the Governor ofthe State, and its failure
to provide to whom the vouchers shall be exhib-
ited, and who shall determine theaccuracy of the
claims. I refer to it now for the purpose of say-
ing that while, on its face, that bill does not in-
timate the amount of this additional demand of
Missouri, yet, on being interrogated by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, it was ascertained that
it would amount to $3,000,000, or over. Three
millions, in addition to the $800,000 already paid
to Missouri! Now, for the purpose of thisargu-
ment, I do not say whether or not this is a just
demand against the United States, but the claim
is that having already received, under the award
made by the commission, $800,000, Missouri still
claims that for her six months' men and her en-
rolled militia there is $3,000,000 yet duo.
And Missouri does notstand alonein this. Ken-
tucky also has similar claims. No one who has
not been within the borders of those States knows
how much they have suffered. Kentucky must
be expected to have a very large claim of like
character. She has not sent forward, as Mis-
souri has, the evidences of her claims, because the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Harding] says
she did not expect payment. But the claims are
known to exist there probably quite equal to the
claims of Missouri. Ohio has presented her
claims, amounting to between three and four hun-
dred thousand dollars, in connection with repel-
ling a raid within her borders, and other services
ofa like character rendered under State authority,
for which wc have received no compensation.
Maryland has a claim; Indiana, Illinois,and New
Mexico have claims. Half of the loyal States
have claims of this kind. And under these cir-
cumstanccs, I put it to the House whether it is
right and proper to take up the subject by piece-
meal unless there is a special case with peculiar
reasons for our doing so. I ask whether we shall
only legislate for Pennsylvania and one or two
other Slates. I ask whether it will not be better
to adopt some general policy to be initiated by the
Committee on Military Affairs? Having ascer-
tained what these claims are, and what States pre-
sent them, will it not be better to piovide by law
for the appointment of commissioners who shall
wit to take testimony and to sift these claims.
Having ascertained the amount, and reported it,
it would then be right and proper for us to pay
it, as we did in the case of Missouri. That was
done under a law passed during the last Congress,
with the understanding that the award was to be
received by Missouri in full payment, and that no
additional claim should be made against the Gen-
eral Government.
Now, unless we adopt .some policy providing
for opening the door and paying what is due and
closing the door against claims ascertained by
commissioners to be unjust, no man can tell to
what extent Congress may go in this loose way
in reference to the claims ofthe several States.
I tepcat that it is not necessary that I should be
interested in opposing the'claims of Missouri or
Kentucky, or any other State; and t am willing
to postpone the claim of my own State until some
general policy has been adopted. I think that
these claims ought to be postponed on several ac-
counts. Kven if theTieasury were full to over-
flowing I should still insist that we should first
prescube the mode by which the exact amount
should be asceitained. Let the commissioners
make theirawaids, and then let payments be made
on those awards. Do not let us open the Treas-
ury, as is hcic proposed, like a crevasse in the
Mississippi river, to have H Hooded with these
claims. Do not let us act in reference to partic-
ular cases, but let us establish some geneial luie
coveting all these claims.
Mr. Chairman, U will not do to quote the case
of Missom i as a pi credent for what it is proposed
to do for Pennsylvania. On the contrary I quote
the action in the case of Missouii under the legis-
lation of the last Congress as a precedent m favor
of adopting thepohcy 1 contend for, with this dif-
ference, that that policy was applied to a single
State winch I would have applied to all. "We have
merely paid the award found in favor of the State
of Missouu under the law of a former Congress.
I propose a like award in ail cases from ail of ihc
States shall be made under some general legisla-
tion. As 1 have already said, we are now pre-
paring in the Committee on Military Affans gen-
eral legislation, so that Pennsylvania and alfthe
Stales shall eomeinupona like fooling. In view
of these considerations I intend to propose when
the bill is brought into the House that it shall be
referred to the "Committee on Military Affairs, to
be reported back whenever the committee pleases.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, as I have
already stated, I believe that the House is pretty
well satisfied with the discussion on this bill. I
only wish to restate the case for Pennsylvania.
As to the other States, I will not follow the de-
bate. I am sorry that this question has been em-
barrassed by any proposition affecting any other
State, although i have no objection to them indi-
vidually.
When Lee invaded Pennsylvania the President
called for sixty thousand troops. These troops
came from New York, New Jersey, and Penn-
sylvania; the larger portion from Pennsylvania,
which was nearer. They went into the service
ofthe United States, were putunderthe command
of General Meade and General Smith; they were
clothed by the United States; their arms were
furnished by the United States, and they marched
down to the front and joined General Mcadc.
Someof them were in battle,and oneofthem,with-
in sight of my place in anothercounly, was killed.
They were all in the service. I do not know
whether there was time for what is called mus-
tering in, technically speaking, but they all re-
ceived their rations, their clothing, and theirarms
from the United States. They were all under
the command of United States officers, and they
fought in the United States cause. All those
troops from New York and New Jersey we're reg-
ularly paid by the Government, but the appropri-
ation ran out before Pennsylvania was reached,
and [ believe one or two thousand dollars are yet
due to New Jersey. When that was done the
President of the United States called upon the
Governor of Pennsylvania, and the Secretary of
War, in a communication which I have read be-
fore and which 1 hold in my hand,asked theGov-
ernor of Pennsylvania to negotiatea loanandpay
the Pennsylvania troops before they were mus-
tered out. The Governor immediately employed
agents in Philadelphia, and those agents borrowed
tl money from the banks and from lich individ-
uals there upon a promise of the President and
of the Secretary of War that when Congress met
an appropriation should be recommended to pay
them again. And I ask now that the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of War, indorsed by
the President, which possibly some gentlemen
may not have heard or may have forgotten, may
be iead.
The CHAIRMAN. The communication is
not m the Clerk's.hand, but will be sent for.
Mr. STEVENS. The Secretary of War, in
compliance with the promise of the faith of the
Government, sent a communication through this
House to the Committee of Ways and Means
asking an appropriation fortheliquidated amount
settled by the Second Auditor of the Treasury
upon vouchers which were satisfactory to him—$
vouchers ofthe companies and ofthe regiments.
Vie asked this Congress to make an appropria-
tion of $700,000 to pay the claims. The Presi-
dent of the United States, upon the back of that
recommendation, indorsed his sanction of all the
facts stated, and requested Congress to make the
payment.
Here, then, was a case wholly different from
any case of militia called out by a Governor and
not paid. Here was money borrowed upon the
faith of this Government, upon the promise of
the Executive, upon the promise of the Secretary
of War, that as soon as this Congress met it
should be repaid. The Govei nor of Pennsylva-
nia pit dged his faith to those individuals that it
should be paid. They have advanced the money,
and have not leceived it yet. Now, 1 ask this
House whether they are prepaied to violate the
faith of the Government, and to refuse to pay the
11 oops of Pennsylvania, when the troop* of New
Yoik and New Jersey, who were out m the same
campaign, were paid? 1 trust the House is not
prepaied for anything of tins kind.
I know that Pennsylvania has other claims.
She has hei claim for the three months' nniitia
who wine called out to defend the couutiy, and
who served for the three months. They weie
State troops, were mihtsa, and although they
served, Pennsylvania has not a^ked to be paid.
Those claims are to lay back with those referied
to by the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Schlnck.]
