1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" G-LOBE.
1161
sand other heresies are which I hear repeated day
after day. I believe the attempt to intermeddle
with the constitutional rights of the people of the
States, and that persistently for years and years,
by unlawful means, had much to do with bring-
ing it about, and that the abolition agitators at the
North were cowoikers with the secessionists per
se of the South in plunging this country into this
horrible war. But, sir, I do not mean to be led
into a discussion on this bill of my views on that
subject. Iflfindit necessary hereafter to pre-
sent them to the Senate, I shall do so when the
subject shall be more legitimately and properly
before the Senate.
Neither will 1 be led into any discussion in ref-
erence to instincts, North or South. The Sen-
ator has been so very kind as to refer to the last
census as an evidence of what those gentlemanly
instincts are. Sir, I have never set foot on New
England soil, though I should like very much to
do so, and very seldom upon the soil of a free
State; but I doubt not if I were to do so I might
find some evidences of the same kind of gentle-
manly instincts. But, sir, I will not be led into any
retort upon the Senator's section by any remark
that he has made upon this subject. 1 leave the
subject just where I left it before upon the pre-
sentation of a legal view which 4entertain as to the
rights of this corporation. I have heard nothing
to change it, and I do not think it ought to be
changed.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, we have a fr w
railroads in Kentucky, but not many, and I do not
remember thatl ever traveled in a railroad car there
that I did not see white persons and black persons
and of both sexes in it. 1 have seen the negro and
the white man and the white lady invariably in
the same car; but the conductor sets apart a few
seats for the negro, or, if my friend from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] would prefer it, I will say the
colored gentleman and colored lady, and they are
not allowed to take their seats with white per-
sons. That is all a private regulation of the con-
ductor of the car. I never saw it produce the least
disturbance or objection that negroes were ad-
mitted in the same car with white persons in that
way; but 1 never saw a negro man or a negro
woman obtruding himself orhersclfintoaseatby a
white person, and the thing all went on harmoni-
ously without any sort of disturbance or jar of
feeling under the direction of the superintendent
of the train.
♦ Now, I will ask the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts who presented this amendment if
there are not corporate privileges granted by the
Legislature of Massachusetts to associations for
the erection of public hotels.
Mr. SUMNER- They are allowed to hold
real and peisunal estate, for instance, to certain
amounts.
Mr. DAVIS. They are incorporated. Can the
Senator point to a single act incorporating a pub-
lic hotel by the State of Massachusetts in which it
is provided by a special clause that citizens of the
colored or African race of both sexes shall be ad-
mitted to all the dinner tables, all the private cham-
bers, all the saloons, parlors, and reception rooms
of the whole establishment equally with the white
people? I think not. I suppose all those matters
aic attended to by the judgment and discretion of
the proprietors and managers of the hotels; and
it seems to me this matter ought to be left to the
Mime judgment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—IVIossrs. Anthony, Biown, Clark.Conness.Fe?~
bowlen, Toot, Foster, Grimes,, Harlan, Howe,Lane of Kan-
sas Mm<ran, Moirill, Poinoroy, Ramsey, Simmer, Wade,
YVilkni-ou, and Wilson—19.
XAYri—Moj-ms. Luckalevv, Cathie, Davis, Doollttlc,
TIaidin2, Haiti-, Hendricks Johrwvn, Lane of Indiana,
PovveiK Riddle, SauJabuiVj Sherman, Ten Eyck, Tiumbuii,
Van Winkle, and Willey—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I wish to make a verbal
correction m the amendment submitted by my-
self yesterday, in order to carry out the purpose
of the amendment. It is to correct the amend-
ment to the second section by inserting the word
" and'5 instead of the word " provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, was read the third time, and passed.
LANDLORD AND TENANT LAW.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 138)
to regulate proceedings in cases between landlord
and tenants in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which was reported from the Committee
on the District of Columbia with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest that the reading of
the oiiginal bill be omitted, and the substitute
only be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued, if there be no objection.
The .Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all of the original bill after the enacting clause,
and to inseit in lieu thereof:
That a tenancy at wilt shall not arise or be create/1 with-
out an express contractor letting to that effect; and all es-
tates at will may be determined by a notice, in writing, to
quit, of Unity days, delivered to the tenant in hand or to
some pert-on ot'pioper age upon the premises, or; m the ab-
sence of "sueh tenant or peison, then such notice may be
saved by affixing tne *ame to a conspicuous* part ot the
pienu&es, where it may be conveniently read. The attorn-
ment of a tenant to a btrangei shall be void, and shall not
atlect the lights of Hie landloid unless ii be made with the
content, cxpicss or implied, of the landloid.
Sec. "2. And be it jurthcr enacted, That when forcible
enliy is made, ot when a peaceable entry is made and the
pos*.cv5ion unlawiuily held by lotee, or when pos-scssiou is
held without light, after ihe estate is determined by the
terms of the lea^e by its own limitation, ot by notice to quit,
or otherwise, on wiitten complaint on oath of the person
entitled t<> the promises-, to a justice oi the peace, chaining
a toicibie entry or detainer of real estate as aforesaid, a
summons may be issued to apiopei officer, commanding
the petoon complained of to appear and ?how eai^e why
judgment should not be iendured against lnm, which shall
be served like other wut.-> of summons at leas>t seven days
before his appearance. If it appears by deiault or upon
tual that the complainant is entitled to the pot.'sct.sion of
the piemises he shall have jiidgmentandexeeutionforthe
po^ewon and cot-ts ; if the complainant becomes nonsuit
and fails to prove lu> right to po^essioii, the defendant
shall have judgment and execution for hih rosfs.
Si«,c. 3. And be it fuither enacted, That if uponuial de-
fendant pleads title to the premu.es m himself, or m an-
other pi'ioon under whom he claims the premises, he shall
recognize in a lcasonable sum to the complainant, to be
fixed'by said justice, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
to pay all intervening damages and coats andnasonable
intervening rrnt lot the premise-.; altd the complainant
shall m like mannei recognize to the d''fendantconditioned
to entei the suit at the next term of the supreme eouit of
the l)i -111 c t, and pay ali co^t? adjudged agauiot lnm; and
theKupon ihe proceedings r-h<ill be certified to a-aid couit
by the ju-tice. li cithei paify neglects so to recognize,
judgment fdt.ill hij M'ttdt'H'd agaui&t hiin as on nonsuit or
default, and execution -diall jo&ue accordingly as aforesaid.
tfrjc/4. And be it fmtha enacted, That oil Uie trial of
•.aid suit, in the Hipiemc couit of the Distuct, if the jmy
find for complainant, they shall assess the damages and ui-
tetvetung rent; and in ease of deiault the same shall be
assessed by the court.
Sue. o. And be it [wither enacted, That the fees of the
ju-ttec i^uimi; the proee-s and hearing the i--ue and making
up loeoid an<l ceimjing same, and the ofhcei for serving
the pioces<, shall be those allowed in civil causes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish to inquire of the
Senator from Maine having this bill in charge,
whether it was not the intention of the committee
to regulate the giving of notice. I know that the
great inconvenience of the length of the notice
that is icquired ui this District to terminate a ten-
ancy is a matter of complaint. 11 seems to me that
ia an imnoitant subject omitted in this bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the Senator will find
on examination that that provision is contained in
the first, section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The amendment provides
only for tenancies at will.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will allow me
I will invite the attention of the Senate to the con-
struction of the fubt section of the amendment:
That a tenancy at wilt sbait ?iut anae 01 bp created with-
out .1 ii i_ra ~- contract 01 letting to that effect; and all es-
tater at will mav he determined by a notice, in writing, tu
quit, of thirty days, delivered to the tenant 111 Hand or to
.-t'ino person of pioper age upon the premises, or, in the ab-
sence ot suel) tenant or pet.son, then Mich notice may be
solved by affixing tile «anio to a conspicuous pait ot llie
premises, vvitcie ,t may be convenient!} read.
Mr. JOHNSON. Where is the provision for
notice in case of other tenancies r
Mr. HENDRICKS. The first section of the
I ou^inal bill, which is proposed to be stricken out,
: regulates that.
i Mr. MORRILL. The committee have re-
ported the bill in a new draft. I invite the atten-
tion of the Senator to the second section of the
amendment:
That when.forcible entry is made, or when a peaceable
entry and the possession unlawfully held by force, or. wlien
possession is held without right, after the estate is determ-
ined by the terms of the lease hy its own limitation, of by
notice to quit, or otherwise, on written complaint on oath,
&.e.
The provisions of the bill are these: flrst, it
provides that there shall be no tenancy at will,
except by express contract, and in that case there
shall be a notice to quit of thirty days; but where
the tenancy is determined by the terms of the
lease, which is another case, the only case upon
which aquestiop can arise, there no notice is neces-
sary at"*all except the seven days' notice which is
provided for in the second section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I certainly agree with
the Senator that where the tenancy expires ac-
cording to the terms of the contract a notice is
not necessary; but in that large class of cases
where it becomes by the holding over a tenancy
from year to year, or a tenancy from month to
month or from quarter to quarter, certainly there
ought to be some provision in this important bill
regulating the subject of notice to terminate that
sort of estate. That is the trouble with the peo-
ple in this District.
Mr. MORRILL. In theestimation Of the com-
mittee, the relations of landlord and tenantdo not
exist in such a case, and, in the language of the
second section, they are to be regarded as holding
possession unlawfully, and, on the oath of the
peison owning the property, a summons is to be
issued at once by a justice of the peace.
In order to make myself understood, I will re-
state what I understand this bill to contain. In
the first place, it negatives the idea of a tenancy
without an express contract. Then it provides
that in cases of tenancy at will, where the tenaney
does not expire by the terms of the contract, thirty
days' notice shall be given; but in eases where the
estate is determined by the terms of the contract,
no notice is necessary. Where a person holds
the possession of property wrongfully—and he
does hold it wrongfully if he holds it without right
and without a contract—the owner may proceed
against him without notice on complaint. The
only notice that it is necessary for him to give is
an application to the justice of the peace setting
out the fact of the ownership in the complaint and
that the party holds it unlawfully. He can then
summon him before the magistrate to sliowcause
why judgment should not be rendered against him.
Mr. JOHNSON. I,think the honorable mem-
ber is mistaken as to the effect of this bill in the
particulars in reference to which'he has spoken."
1 understand him to say that the bijl recognizes
no tenancy except a tenancy at will, and a tenancy
which is to terminate at some day certain. In
relation to the first, it provides a notice of thirty
days in order to terminate it. In relation to the
last, no notice is required. Now there is noth-
ing in the bill which does away with any existing
form of tenancy at all. The first section of the
original bill provided:
That on and after the parage of this act all persons
renting houses and lands in the Uisrt net of Columbia by the
month, three, six, oi twelve months, and desiring to repos-
sess the -anift, shall give six months' notice for a renting of
twelve months; for a six months' renting, a thiee months'
notice; for a thiee months' or a monthly jenting, one
month's notice, which shall be prior to the date ot said
renting.
The first section of the bill as proposed by the
committee says nothing of any other tenancy than
a tenancy at will. If therefore by the law as it
sta%ds now there may be a tenancy from month
to month, or far three months or for six months
or for twelve months, although it may be fixed
as a tenancy to terminate at the end of the time
for which the lease is to run, yet ifthe partyholds
over it is a tenancy from three months to three
months, or from six months to six months, or
from year to year; and the law of Maryland is,
a"d the law here is the same, that if six months'
notice is required to a tenant for a year and he
holds over, he becomes a tenant for the second
year, and so on from year to year as long as he
holds over.
The mischief mentioned by the Senator from
Indiana, I understand, has been quite a great one
in this city. A landlord is unable to get posses-
sion of his property generally without giving a
six months' notice provided it be a tenancy from
