1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mii
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee "of the Whole on ^he state of the
Union, (Mr. Pjke in the chair,) and'resumed the
consideration ot the
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be on the following amendment:
For compensation to tlie stamp clerk in the office of the
Assistant Treasurer at fan Francesco, $2,400, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. COLE, of California. Mr. Chairman,
when the law passed requiring stamps to be af-
fixed to all instruments, they were issued and sent
to the Assistant Treasurer of the United Statesat
San Francisco, and the duty was devolved upon
him to dispose of them. This rendered it neces-
sary for him to employ a stamp clerk,for whose
payment there has been as yet no provision of
law. This appropriation is for the payment of
that clerk, and 1 hope it will be passed.
I will state, for the information of members,
that the Assistant Tieasurer at San Francisco is
also superintendent of the mint, and he is bur-
dened with business perhaps more than any other
officer of the Government. When this extra duty
was imposed upon him it was necessary for him
to employ a clerk, and that clerk oughtto be paid.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I reserved
a point of order on this amendment. I ask that
it be again read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say that when
the business of taxing by stamps first commenced
there were no parties in California to whom the
stamps could be properly sent for distribution on
the X^acific coast, and a special law was passed in
order to give the people of California an opportu-
nity to purchase the stamps required to be used
in their business, designating this officer to receive
them. 1 suppose itwas really necessary for him
to employ a clerk and that this amendment was
proper.
Mr. STEVENS. Upon the point of order I
desire to say that under the rule any amendment
that may be necessary for that purpose is in or-
der. This is an amendment for that purpose.
T3ie CHAIRMAN.* The Chair overrules the
question of order.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I now move as
an independent section or paragraph if nccessary,
in oidor to make it in order,an amendment mak-
ing provision for continuing the light-house woiks
atliacinu and Milwaukee. The amendment would
more propeiIy come in on the 3d page, if there
be no objection, although it is in order here, i
submit the following:
For completing tlie light-house works at Milwaukee, in
addition to ionnci impropriations-, $l-2 2S7 l2b.
I'ot completing tin! liglit-liou&c woikd ut Rucine, in ad-
dition to lonner appropriations, $21,335 2c>.
i now call for the reading of a communication
from the Light-House Board.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Ligiit-IIoosb I.oard,
Washington, April 12, MM.
Sin* In compliance with youroial request, I transmit
herewith copies ot the estimates of amounts of appropn-
ntion required to complete lite light hou.io works at it.i-
cuie and Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The^e estimates are approved by the Ligbt-lfon-e Boaul,
and it is hoped that the appropriations may be speedily
made.
Very respectfully, W. B. SHUBRICK,
dial) man.
Hon. J. R. Doomttle, United Stales Senate.
Estimate for completing tvorks at Milwaukee< Wisconsin.
Estimate for t«n cubs to form the pieia of protec-
tion ,       .$44.95.") 78
Foundation oi tower and dwelling  4.58^ 16
Toob and appliances, including screws and pile
drivei      5, !3S 17
Keeper's dwelling and tower on top  8,000 00
$6^976 II
Deduct present value of timber. See.,, on hand,
the balance of the appiopiiation ol June 21),
I860, now in the IiamN of the J^bt-iTon ,< 
engineer, and the balance still in tlie Tiear-u.y 50,6;-3 b'j
Additional amount icqmx'd (0 be app « jaiafed, jyl^0
Estimate of amount required for completion of light-house
and pier at Racine.
For ten cribs to form piers of protection $38,477 97
For fccrew bolt*  363 00
For tounddtion of dwelling ami tower........... 3,658 10
For tools and appliances , ... 2,935 68
For keeper's dwelling with tower  8,000 00
$53,434 75
Deduct present, value of materials on hand, and
workmanship and Jaboi performed, to include
September 30,1863, balance in hands of Light-
House engineer at that date, and also the bal-
ance in the Tieasury of the appropriation of
June 20, 1860, for this work  32,099 47
Additional amount required to be appropriated
according to present plan  $21,335 23
There being no objection, the amendment was
adopted and inserted after the fifty-fourth line on
page 3.
Mr. HALE. I move to add the following as
a new section:
Sf.c. —. be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasmy be, and they are hereby,
authonzVd to allow the cleik iiuhe Treasury Department
who, outside of his stated duties, prepares the annual esti-
mates of appropt nations, the sum of$250 pei annum for each
year that he has pciioimed the work, and the amount ne-
cessaiy to pay the same is heieby appiopriatcd out of any
money in the* Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WILSON. 1 rise to a question of order.
That Amendment provides for new legislation.
There is no law authorizing the payment of this
money that I know of.
Mr. HALE. I understand that the chairman
of tlie Committee of Ways and Means will go for
this amendment.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do notknow anythingabout
that, but the appropriation is not in pursuance of
existing law, and I raise the question of order.
Mr. HALE. It is in order, and in pursuance
of law. The law requires this work to be done
and this is an appropriation to pay for it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order, arid decides the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to add the fol-
lowing as a new section:
Sec. — ■Ami he U further enactaI, That die compensa-
tion of 11m cleik of tlie Committee ol' Way? and Means
shall In' 160 per annum, to commence with the present
Commits/, and that such an amount as bliall be found neces-
sity be, ami lieiuby is, appi nprmtt'd.
Mr. WILSON. How long is that to last?
Mr. PENDLETON. Till otherwise ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
that if it is to extend beyond this Congress. If
the gentleman will so modify his amendment as
to confine it to this Congress, I will not object;
otherwise 1 shall make the point of order that it
is new legislation.
Mr. DAWES. I shall be under the necessity
of raising n question of order unless the amend-
ment can be so modified as to include the cleik of
the Committee of Elections at $1,800 a year.
Mr. PENDLETON. If there be no other ques-
tion of order except that raised by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne,] I will accept the
modification proposed by htm.
Mr. DAWES. I shall certainly raise a ques-
tion of order unless the gentleman will put in the
clerk of the Committee of Elections at $1,800 a
year. I make 'the ptoposition in good faith, and
hope the gentleman will accept it.
Mr. SCtlENCK. Weil, sir, I shall make a
point of order upon the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] unless
j the clerk of the Committee on Military Affairs is
i also included at $1,800 a year. i
! Mr. PENDLETON. Has not the Committee
1 on Military Affairs had a clerk at §1,800 a year
| during !he whole session?
| Mr. SC1IENCK. No, sir; but the dutiesare
j very heavy, and he ought to be paid that com-
| pensation.
Mr. DAWES.' The duties of the clerk of the
Committee of Elections during the present ses-
sion have been very important; there is no com-
mittee in the House which has had more arduous
or continued labors to perform.
Mr. PENDLETON. I submit to the Chair
that these questions of order arc not debatable.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order,and
will insist upon it, unless the concession be made
to these two clerks of committees.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
iaise a conditional point of order.
Mr. DAWES. Then I 'make it uncondition-
ally. I do not desire to interfere with what is. a
fair compensation for the clerk of the Committee
of Ways; and Means;at the same time -the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means should yield.to these
two other committees. . . . . .
Mr. PENDLETON. The question is notcie-
batable. . i , ^
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the pointof order,
and will trust to the House to permit,this amend-
ment to be offered for these two.clerks of com-
mittees. I move to amend by inserting f1,800 for
the clerk of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to know if the
pointof order is withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been. The ques-
tion is now on the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio. Has he modified it according to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne?]
Mr. PENDLETON. I prefer not to modify it. '
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that there is no point of order made on the amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I raise" apointof order on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. My amendment is that the .
clerk of the Committee of Elections and of the
Committee on Military Affaire shall be paid for
this Congress a salary of $1,800.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will accept that amend-
ment provided there be tjo point of order made
on it.
The CHAIRMAN. A point of order is made
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. PENDLETON. It is madeon theamend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PENDLETON. If agreeable to the gen-
tleman from Iowa I will accept the amendment,
otherwise I will not.
The CHAIRMAN. The original amendment
is received, not being objected to. The amend-
ment to it offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] is objected to; and the
Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCIl. Before the vote is taken on
the amendment 1 desire to say that my colleague
is mistaken in regard to the state of facts as to the
clerk of the Commitieeon Military Affairs. Ow-
ing to the immense amount of work thrown on
that'committee and its clerk, I proposed, at an
eaily period of the session, to increase the com-
pensation of the clerk to $1,800 per annum, being
the sum which was then and is now paid to the
clerk of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
to some two or three other clerks of committees.
The objection was made that that was too much.
What is not enough now for the clerk of the
Committee of Ways and Means was then^ es-
teemed too much for the clerk of the Committee
on Military Affairs. We had, therefore, to get
the best we could, and the salary was reduced,
because of that objection, toa per diem payment
amounting to much less than §1,800 for the year,
to be paid only during the session. Thatclerkis
allowed nothiiig except while Congress is in ses-
sion, which, for the short session, is only about
ninetydays—and at a per diem. We esteemed it
unfair, but'it was the best we could get. If the
salary of the cleik of the Committee of Ways and
Moans is to be now increased to a sum so much
beyond what he was then receiving, I deem it not
unfair to ask for the clerks of these other com-
mittees what was thought too little for the clerk
of the Committee ofWays and Means. Weonly
ask for them now what the clerk of the Committee
of Ways and Means has been all along receiving.
Mr. DAWES. I desiie to state that it is ab-
solutely necessary that there shall be prepared a
digest of contested-election *eases since 1834; and
I submit that gentlemen should withdraw any
objection to a reasonable allowance to the clerk
of the Committee of Elections for preparing that
digest' . „ ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Rather
than agree to the proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts in that shape, I suggest that
it shall be put in another shape which will ac-
complish the same end. I think this digest
should be made, and that there should be a small
sum allowed to the party prepaiingit.
