1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
year to year. It very often happens where he
finds his tenant is not exactly the kind he wants,
or he finds he con get a great deal more for his
property than the tenant is giving him, that the
time is short of the six months, and there is no
way in which he can get possession of his prop-
erty, and the tenant will hold on at the expiration
of that year for another year, and so on from time
to time.
I will suggest to the honorable member from
Maine that it would be better to provide that in
all cases of such tenancies as are mentioned in the
first section of the origiual bill there should be the
notice which that section provides for. That will
get clear of the difficulty: making a notice of
twelve months if that should be deemed necessary
if the tenancy is for one year, or three months for
six months, or one month for three months, and
makinga tenancy for one month a tenancy at will,
as you have done in the amendment. With aview
to.have such a change made, I will move to re-
commit the bill if the Senator has no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that
amendment, but I do not think it is necessary to le-
commit the bill. I do not undertake to speak of
what the law of Maryland is; but the construc-
tion the committee put on this bill is this: by
the first section providing that a tenancy at will
shall not arise or be created without an express
contractor letting to that effect, we supposed that
we cutoff all tenancies which were not created by
express contract. If a tenancy is created by ex-
press contract orleaseforayear,attheexpimtion
of that year the tenant becomes necessarily a ten-
ant at will. Being made tenants at will, liable to
go out at any time, this notice applies to them;
and we supposed that by the adoption of that lan-
guage we had changed the relation between land-
lord and tenant so that no question of tenancy
could arise where there was an express contract.
The honorable Senator of course knows more of
the law of Maiyland than I do.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied the law of this
District and the law of Maryland is otherwise.
This does not change it; it only provides for a
tenancy at will.
Mr. MORRILL. It says no tenancy at will
shall arise except by contract.
Mr. JOHNSON. " Without an expresscon-
tract or let tins: to that effect."
Mr. MORRILL. The argument is that we
have negatived the idea of a tenancy at will, ex-
cept by an express contract.
Mi. JOHNSON. That I understand, but that
does not get clear of the difficulty if I am right.
A tenant who holds over under a lease for a cer-
tain time does not, during the period for which lie
holds ovei, become a tenant at will. If he is un-
der a contract for twelve months, and without
any notice the contract is to terminate at the end
of the year, and he is permitted by the landlord
to hold over, he becomes a tenant for the succeed-
ing year. The law is perfectly plain in Mary-
land, and that was evidently the view taken by
the draughtsman of the bill as it stood originally;
and if the Senator has no objection I propose to
amend his amendment by inserting as its first sec-
tion the first section of the original bill. The first
section of the bill would then read:
Tlhit on ;uul after the passage of tliis act nil persons icut-
iny houv*' ami lands 111 the District of Columbia, by the
month, tlin-e, six, oi twelve months, and desiring toiepo.s-
>rss tiic*nu!<>, .-hall give mx months' notice tora renting of
twelve mouth* ; for a six months' renting, a tinee months'
notice; lor a tinee months' or a monthly mutmtf, one
months notice, which shall be prior to the date of said
renting.
That would get clear of the difficulty.
Mr. MORRILL. That is too long.
Mr. CLARK. Three mouths' notice is suffi-
cient in any case.
Air. JOHNSON. Then I will modify the
amendment that I propose in that way. In order
that we may have an opportunity to examine the
subject further, I move that the bill lie on the
table.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
UNION GAS-LIGHT COMPANY. jj
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take unScnatc bill |!
No. 155. ^ ;
The motion was agreed to; and the lull (S. No. :
153) to incorporate the Union Ga.j-Ltght Com- !,
pany of the District of Columbia was read a sec-
ond time, nnd consideied as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to crc.ite Saylos J. Bowcn,
ttonjmmn B. French, William Elmer, William
Bates, Robert W. Millhank, Andrew M. Kinney,
William H. Baldwin, Z. D. Gilman, D. C. For-
ney, S. P. Brown, John Green, and Gamaliel
Gay, and theirassociates and assigns, a body cor-
porate, under the name of " the Union Gas-Light
Company of the District of Columbia," with the
powers and privileges usually given to such cor-
porations. The capital stock of the company
is not to be less than $500,000, nor more than
$1,000,000, to be divided into shares of $100 each.
The company is incorporated upon the express
conditions that it shall furnish gas to all the con-
sumers thereof, containing fifty per cent, more
illuminating power than that which is now fur-
nished by the Washington Gas-Light Company,
and at a cost not exceeding §2 50 per thousand
cubic feet; and a failure to comply with these
conditions is to operate as a forfeiture of this
charter.
The company is not to be authorized to sell gns
until it shall have produced to the mayor of the
city of Washington and to the Secretary of the
Interior satisfactory evidence that it has secured
or laid down, in a proper and woikmanhke man-
ner, in the avenues and streets of the 6ity, gas
mains of an average diameter of at least six inches
and a total length of not less than twenty-five miles;
nor shall the company connectits gas mains with
the pipes supplying the Capitol and other public
buildings belonging to the United States until it
shall have produced to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior satisfactory evidence that it has erected and
in operation good and substantial worksand hold-
ers capable of manufacturing and storing a quan-
tity of gas, of the quality desci ibed, sufficient to
supply the consumption at all times required in
the Capitol and public buildings. And unless the
company shall have complied with the require-
ments and conditions prescribed within two years
from the passage of this act, the act is to be null
and void; but the company is to have the privi-
lege, at any time, of supplying with their gas and
lighting therewith any street a distance not ex-
ceeding one mile.
Mr. GRIMES. I have just received a letter
from one of the gentlemen whose names are used
in this bill as corpoiators, Mr. Benjamin B. French,
who says that after mature reflection he desires
that his name shall be stricken out in consequence
of the position that he holds in the General Gov-
ernment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to amend line ten of
the first action by inscrtingafterthe word "coal"
the word " zinc."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I further move to amend in
section eleven, line five, by striking out the words
"secured or," so as to read:
And to the Secretary ot ihe Interior satisfactory evidence
that it hay iaid down in a proper and woikmanhke man-
ner; &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. In line eleven of the same
section, the orthography of the word " secretary"
should be changed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be fnado.
Mr. WILLEY. In lincstwcnty-one and twenty-
two of section eleven 1 move to strike out the
words '* of supplying with their gas, and light-
ing therewith any," and inserting "within the
sold two yeais of lighting with the gas manufac-
tured by it some one;" so as to read:
That f?ud company fhall have the privilege at any time,
within the said two yeats of lis litin<f with the gas manu-
factuied by it some one street a distance not exceeding one
mile.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I propose an amendment
as a new section, to be called the twelfth section:
Jlnd be it fvithcr enacted, That each of the stockholder
in the Union G.is-Li^ht Company sliai! lie held le^poiiMbie,
in hi* (id individual capacity, for all the debts and lia-
bilities of the Mid company, Jjuvvevoi contracted oi in-
clined, to be ti'onvi-red by mi it, a> otlna debts oi liabilities,
beioic the < outt oi n ibuital having juii«dietion of the ease.
Mi.WJLLEY. 1 suggest to the Senator fioin
N  v/ .L-ivy whet he i, in describing the title of the
company, it would not be better to give it in full,
" the Union Gas-Light Company of the District
of Columbia." That is the title of the company.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Let that be so. 1 so mod-
ify the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE I-IOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 341) to carry into effect the convention with
Ecuador for the mutual adjustment of claims; in
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 96) to enable the people of Nevada
to form a constitution and State government,and
for the admission of such State into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States; and
A bill (No. 97) to enable the people of Colo-
rado to form a constitution and State government,
and for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States.
HOUSE BILL KEFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 341) to carry into effect the convention with
Ecuador for the mutual adjustment of claims
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS.
Mr. DIXON. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 114.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
114) to amend section five of an act entitled "An
act to continue, alter, and amend the charter of the
city of Washington," approved May 17, 1848,
and fui tlicr to pi user ve the purity of elections and
guard against the abu.se of the elective fianchise,
by a registration of electors for the city of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary commenced to read the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 rise to inquire if the Sen-
ator from Connecticut is anxious to have this bill
disposed of to-day. There are a good many sec-
tions in it, and some of the provisions are very
important.
Air. DIXON. 1 have no desire to dispose of it
to-day if gentlemen wish time to examine it.
Mr. JOHNSON. X ask that it lie on the table
to give us an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the reading be completed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the bill.
Mr. DIXON. I have one ortwoamendments
to propose to the bill, of rather a verbal nature.
In the first section, line ten, after the word "taxes"
I move to insert " and all taxes on personal prop-
erty."
Mr. GRIMES. What is the effect of it?
Mr. DIXON. The effect is to require all taxes
on persona! property to be paid preliminary to the
exercise of the right of suffrage. That 1 under-
stand is the present law. The bill as it now
stands only requires school taxes to be paid. I
want to insert in addition " and all taxes on per-
sonal property."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. In the fourteenth section, line
twenty-two, after the word "vote," I moye to
insert the words "m said city."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. As I understand, it is the ob-
ject to postpone this bill at the suggestion of the
Senator from Maryland, though it is still before
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. It was understood that it would
not be pressed to a vote at this time. I hope,
therefore, it will be postponed to some other day.
Mr. GRIMES. Say Thursday next.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thatwill be acceptable to me.
Mr. DIXON. I am willing to say Thursday.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the bill be post-
poned until Thursdaynext,and be made the spe-
cial order f<<r one o'clock on that day.
Tire motion was agreed to by n two thirds vote.
