1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
lo attend to at the Departments an.d all around the
city, and we ought at least to have some of the
evenings of the week, if not all of them, to our-
selves.
Mr. STEVENS. If the motion of my colleague
should prevail, could a majority afterwards re-
sume evening sessions?
The SPEAKER. A majority of the House
would have power to do so.
Mr. WILSON. My motion to amend is that
we shall have evening sessions for business.
Mr. PRICE. I hope the amendment will pre-
vail. I hope the House will remain in session
until their business is done, and then adjourn. I
call for the yeas and nays upon the amendment.
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr, W. J. Allen
and Mr. Price were appointed.
The House divided;- and the tellers reported—-
ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John i). Baldwin, Baxter, Blew, Boutweil, Boyd, Braiule-
gee, Bioomall, William (*. Brown, Cule, Dawson, Etiot,
Finol^Gaifielil, Gooch, Grinnell,Haie, Ciiailea M. Harris,
Hjgby, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kasson,
Kernan, King, La/.eui, Littlejohn, Waivln, McAllister,
MeBiule, MeClurg, McDowell, Samuel F.Miller, Daniel
Mortis, Amos Myers, Pendleton. Perliam, Pomeroy, Price,
Scofield, Sloan, John B. Steele, William G. Steele. Stuart,
William B. Wasrhbuin, Whnley, Wilder, Wilson, Wiu-
dom. Wood bridge, and Yeaman—55.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Aneona, Anderson,
B.iily, Redman, Jacob B. Diaii, Clay, <Jox, Oic&wcll,
Dawes, Deming, Dem-on, Edea. Eldridge, Feuton, Frank,
Gannon, Gu'dei, Hauling, Benjamin G. Haru*, lleinek,
Hooper, llotchkiss, Joliii H. Hubbard, Ilutehtns, Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, Francis W. Kellogc, Oilando
Kellogg, Knapp, Le Blond, Loan, Long, Longvear, Me-
Kinney, Moorhoad, Moriill, James 11. Morns, Moin^on,
Leonard Myeis, Noble, Norton, Ch<\rl<*s CNt-iil, John
O'Neill, Patterson, Perry, Iladfnrd, Samtn l J. Randall,
William il Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Robinson, Edward H. Rollins,Ross, Schenek, Scott, Shan-
non, Smith, Smifhei.-*, Spalding, Stevens, Stiles, Srrouse,
Upfcon, Waul, Webster, Wheelei, Joseph W. White, and
Williams—GO.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to amend the mo-
tion so that the evening sessions shall be dis-
pensed with until Tuesday of next week, and
that after that time the evening sessions shall be
for the transaction of business.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Morrill was agreed to.
So the evening sessions were dispensed with
until otherwise ordeied.
MASSACRE AT FORT PILLOW.
Mr. GOOCH, from the joint committee on the
conduct of the war, made a report concerning the
late massacre at Fort Pillow; which was laid
on the table, and, with the accompanying testi-
mony, ordered to be printed.
Mr. GOOCH introduced the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rules, was referred to the
Committee on Punting:
Resolved} That forty thousand copies ot' the report of the
joint committee on the conduct of the war, with the
accompanying testimony in relation to the late massaeie
at Furt Pillow, be printed lor the use of the members of
this Jlou&o.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House tlifU the Sen-
ate bad passed a bill (S. No. 267) entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to enable the
people of Nevada to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States;' " in which, the concurrence of the
House was requested.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
bcfoie the House a letter from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the House of March 14, 1864, the pro-
ceedings of the court-martial in the case of Cap-
tain Hunt, assistant quartermaster, in relation to
the chartering of vessels, &c.; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
MISSOURI CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. GANSON. I desire to give notice to the
House that 1 shall call up the contested-election
case of Bruce vs. Loan to-morrow morning imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. KING. I ask leave to make a report from
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BEAMAN objected.
CAPTAIN HUNT.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I do not understand that any regular vote
of the House was taken upon printing the doc-
ument laid before the House by the Speaker in
reference to Captain Hunt. I would like to know
whether there is any necessity for printing so
large a document of that kind?
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I should like to see
it in print.
Mr. MORRILL. Do you think anybody else
does?
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, i do.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the papers were ordeied to be
punted, with a view of having the matter referred
to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion to print,
it was put, and decided in the negative.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the matter be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK, (at
half past four o'clock, p.m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 6,1864.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
OIIDER OF BUSLNESS.
Mr. COWAN. I move to postpone *1! prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 162.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the rule had better be followed
in receiving petitions and imports. The rule re-
quires them first to be received.
Mr. COWAN. Very well.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
* Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial of J. S.
and C. Adams, and other citizens of Amherst,
Massachusetts, lemonstrating against the exten-
sion of the Goodyear patentfor the manufacture
of vulcanized India rubber; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented a memoriol of D. W. Hun-
tingdon and others, citizens of Coventry, Connec-
ticut, remonstrating against the extension of the
Goodyear patent for the manufacture of vulcan-
ized India rubber; which was refened to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of John
Beeson, praying tor the appointment of a special
committee to examine into the treatment of the
Indians generally, and of the Sioux Indians in
particular; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying for the establishment of a Bu-
reau of Freedmen; which was referred to the se-
lect committee on slavery and freedmen.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 199) rela-
ting to the compensation of pension agents, re-
potted it with an amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were -referied the following
bills, repoited them sevcially adversely:
A bill (S. No. 2) granting a pension to Ellen
M. Whipple, widow of the late Major General
Amiei W. Whipple, of the United States Army;
A bill (S. No. 44) granting a pension to the
widow of the late Major General Hiram G. Berry;
and
A bill (S. No. 122) for the relief of Mary A.
Baker, widow of Brigadier General Edward D.
Baker.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
2G3) for increased facilities of telegraphic com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific
States and the Territory of Idaho; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a*bill
(No. 117) to reimbuse the.State of Pennsylvania
for expenses in calling out the militia of said State
during the recent invasion; w-which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had yesterday approved
and signed the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 220) to vacate and sell the
present Indian reservations in Utah Territory,
and to settle the Indians of said Territory in the
Uinta valley;
An act (H. R. No. 360) for the prevention and
punishment of frauds in relation to the names of
vessels; and
An act (II. R. No. 371) for the relief of the set-
tlers upon certain lands in California.
final patent feb.
Mr. DIXON. I move that all prior orders be
postponed for the purpose of taking up Senate bill
No. 114.
Mr. COWAN. I hope the gentleman will al-
low me to take up two or three little bills from
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
I have been endeavoring to obtain the floor for
some time in owler to call them up. They are of
some importance, but will only require afew min-
utes to pass them.
Mr. DIXON. I yield.
Mr. COWAN. 1 now move to postpone all
prior orders, and take up Senate bill No. 162.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
162) amendatory of an act to amend an act en-
titled "An act to promote the progress of the use-
ful arts," approved March 3, 1863, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that any person having
an interest in an invention, whether as the in-
ventor or assignee, for which a patent was or-
dered to issue upon the payment of the final fee, as
provided in section three ofan'actapproved March
3, 1863, but who has failed to make payment of
the final fee as provided by that act, shall have
the right to make the payment of such fee, and
receive the patent withheld on account of the non-
payment of the fee, provided such payment be
made within six months from the date of the pas-
sage of this act; but nothing herein contained is to
be so construed as to hold responsible in damages
any persons who have manufactured or used any
article or thing for which a patent was ordered to
be issued.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a species of par-
tial legislation which, unless there be some reason
given for it, I am opposed to. The law now pro-
vides the mode of obtaining a patent, and requues
the fee to be paid within a certain time. If the
time limited by the law is not the right one, ex-
tend it, and let it be done by a general law; but
here is a special provision to allow somebody to
obtain a patent who has not complied with the
law. It is of a temporary character. It simply
proposes to allow a person to come in within six
months after the passage of thisact. It only ap-
plies to persons who have not paid this fee here-
tofore. If there is a necessity for such a law as
this, make it general, and provide that m all cases
everybody shall have sixty days after the time
now limited by law within which to pay his fee.
It is based upon some case, manifestly, as will be
seen by an inspection of the bill. Somebody has
not complied with the requirements of the law
and wants to obtain a patent, and provision is
made here that he may within sixty days after
the passage of this act comply with the law and
get his patent. If one person is to obtain an ex-
tension of sixty days after the passage of this
act, why should not everybody else have sixty
days beyond the time to which the law is limited
within which to pay the fees requisite to obtain
a patent? This is a species of legislation which,
unless there are some peculiar circumstances to
justify it, ought not to be indulged in.
