1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PAY AND PENSION OF CHAPLAINS.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, Ihe Senate resumed
the consideiation of the bill (H. R. No. 302) to
amend section nine of the act approved Ju!y 17,
1862, entitled "An act to define the pay and emol-
uments of certain officers of the Army, and for
other purposes."
Mr. FOSTER. The amendments which I pro-
posed and which were ordered by the Senate to be
printed have been printed, and I wish to lmve one
of those amendments as printed altered in a few
particulars. In the fifth line of the amendment
proposed in lieu of the first section of the bill, after
the wonl " entitled" ill that line, I move to insert
the words "to draw forage for two horses and."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
modify his own amendment, there having beeiino
action of the Senate on it.
Mr. FOSTER. After the word "entitled" in
the fifth line 1 propose to insert the words " to
draw forage fortwo horses and, "and in thceighth
line after the word " leave" and before "on "to
insert " or."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment will be so modified. The first ques-
tion, however, is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
to the amendment, which is to insert at the end
of it:
And chaplains who have been absent fiom duty by reason
of wounds or sicklier shall be entitled to receive lull pay,
without rations, during such ahsenee.
Mr. WILSON. I think that amendment will
go in more appropriately after the word <f circum-
stances," in the twelfth line of the amendment of
the Senator from Connecticut, rather than at the
end of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
will be on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, to come in after the
word " circumstances," in the twelfth hue of the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts if he will notinclude in his amendment
those chaplains who have been absent on account
of being prisoners in the hands of the enemy.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly, I will so modify
my amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it a fact that a chaplain who
is captured and retained in prison draws no com-
pensation whatever?
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, sir. Shocked as the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa is at the fact,itis true;
and, worse than that, even if the chaplain is shot
down m the field while serving with his men, so
as to be disabled, he, from that time until he is able
to go back to duty, docs not receive a cent of pay.
Mr. GRIMES. I confess that I am astonished
at that.
Mr. FOSTER. I knew the honorable Sena-
tor would be. ThatiS the law, however, as con-
strued by those whose privilege it is to construe it.
I hope, therefoie, this amendment will be adopted.
Mr, WILSON. It will be remembered tlmt
about a year and a half ago we provided that
chaplains, when on duty, should receive $1,900 a
year and two rations a day. The construction
put upon it at the Department is that if they are
absent on account of sickness, or on account of
wounds, or on account of imprisonment by the
en^my, they draw nothing. The amendment
offered by the Senator from Connecticut proposes
to correct that, and my amendment pioposes to
correct the wrong of the past, being retrospective
in its character,
Mr. FOSTER. I hope the amendment to the
amendment will he agreed to, and I should have
been glad to adopt it, but I did not wish to take
more weight on my amendment than I should be
certain to carry. I shall, however, be very glad
to have the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts agreed to.
Then mend men t to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator fium Connecticut,
us amended.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Connecticut and of the Senate to
this provision in his amendment in the fifth, sixth,
and seventh lines:
They shall he entitled to quartets and fuel, subject to
the same condition^ and ImnUtioi^ab are now by law pro-
vided in M p eu^c of
Mr. FEoSENDEN, And as amended it says
they shall be entitled to draw forage for two horses
also.
Mr. WILSON. I think it but right to allow
them to draw forage for their horses when they
are in service in the field; but the provision to
which I call attention will not reach the men in
the field with their regiments, but will apply to
hospital chaplains, und it will add nearly eighty
dollars a month to their pay. The quarters to
which a major is entitled are four rooms, counted
in this city at eighteen dollars a month each,3fid
in other places at nine dollars a month. At
eighteen dollars a month each, the quarters would
amount to seventy-two dollars a month. Now,
1 am satisfied that $1,200 a year and two rations
a day, and forage for two horses for those chap-
lains who need horses in the field, is abundant.
It amounts to about fourteen hundred and six-
teen dollars, I think, in actual money po>id. I agree
that they should have foragefor two horses; but
1 do not think we ought to add to the compensa-
tion of chaplains what will be added by giving
them the allowance of fuel and quarters.
These places are sought for, and soughtforby
excellent men. As a general rule, they perform
their duties faithfully. Iam not willing, how-
ever, to add seven or eight or nine hundred dol-
lars a year to the compensation of chaplains in the
hospitals, and especially in this city, for it does
not reach those in the field.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What do those stationed
at hospitals want with horses?
Mr. WILSON. I do not think they nec<l
horses, and they will not get horses unless they
have to keep them, and a man will not keep the
horses unless hejieeds them. A large number
of the chaplains, both in hospitals and m the field,
have called upon me this winter for the puipose
of looking after the correction of that which we all
agree should be corrected; for I suppose we are
all ogieed that good chaplains are of great service
to the Army and to the country, and wo are all
agreed that we shall do them justice; but we want
to act with ordinary prudence and economy in
the matter, and I think $100 a month and two.ra-
tions a day to these men is very good pay. They
have sought the places. Most of them are doing
good. There has been a great improvement in
regard to chaplaigs as well as in regard to most
other malters connected with the Army. In some
cases they needed improvement; but that class of
men have been generally weeded out, and the men
who are now in the service are very faithful men.
I hope the amendment will be adopted without
the pimixion to which 1 have objected.
Mr. FOSTER. Our legislation upon the sub-
ject of chaplains, at least as it has been construed
by the proper authorities, I consider a reproach
to Congress. We judge these officers to be a
necessaiy class in the service, or we should make
no provision for them; and yet by oui legislation
we seem to regard tlum as an excrescence; we
actually put them under the ban and dcgiade
them, so far as it lies m our power.
The honorable Senator from Iowa seemed
startled at the fact that when a chaplain was ab-
sent fiom duty, although on account of wounds
received in battle, his pay was stopped. Such is
the construction put npon the law; and there is
at this time certainly one chaplain, perhaps more,
lying upon his sick-bed in this city, who was
wounded in the field at the late advance of the
army of the Potomac over the Uapidan. He was
the chaplain of Bordun's sharpshooters, a faith-
ful, valuable man, and in addition to his high
qualifications as a chaplain, was, 1 believe, a very
excellent rifle shot, which he has proved occa-
sionally in battle to the enemy's cost. He was
wounded in battle or in one of the skirmishes
connected with that advance of the army. Those
sharpshooters were in the advance, and the chap-
lain, while endeavoring to assist to the rear some
of liis wounded men, was himself wounded; of
comse was compelled to be absent from the field,
and is now in this city sick in his bed. He is at
a 'nonrding-house kept by the widow of a chap-
lain who was shot dead in the service a short
time sgo by the rebels. This widow was left by
law wholly unprovided for,and thischaplain, who
is now suffering under these circumstances, can
draw not one cent of pay nor any allowance un-
til he gets well and goes back to duty.
Another chaplain from the State of Vermont,
the chaplain of the third Veimont regiment, was
ordered to assist two wounded or sick officers
homejkthey not being able to travel without some
friend to attend them. He wentunder thcqrder,
and was absent the necessary and proper time to
obey it, then came back, and every cent of his
pay for that time was struck off at the next pay
day. So, too, of those who have been taken and
held in captivity by the rebels, their pay stops
until they are released and return to duty; and
even the pay which they thus get is not paid as
it is to every other officer in the service, on their
word of honor, but they have to get a certificate
in order to be enabled to draw their diminished
pittance. Some other officer must certify-to the <
chaplain's roll that he has been present perform-
ing duty, or lj£ cannot even get the scant compen-
sation finally allowed by law.
This is what I consider an attempt to degrade
the men who are performing'the duties of chap-
lains in our Army. In the first place it is decided
that they shall not be paid at all, when ak other
officers under like circumstances are paid, and,
even when paid, that they shall not be paid with-
out a certificate from some other officer that they
have not cheated or attempted to cheat the Gov-
ernmentout of more pay than belongs to them.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
suggests that an allowance of fuel and quarters
ought not to be made. I do not wish any allow-
ance to be made which shall increase the pay of
these officers one dollar. All 1 wish to accom-
plish by this amendment is that a chaplain who
is assigned to duty in a hospital, or at a post or
fort, shall have quarters assigned to him in the
hospital or post; some room that he may sit in
and call his. That is all I desire. If the honor-
able Senator thinks the amendmentaccomplishes
more, I am perfectly willing that it shall be so
restricted as to accomplish that and that only.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] suggests that that may be left to the
colonel in command. Yes, Mr. President, if the
colonel in command is disposed to be courteous
and to do what is just and proper, it may be; but
then I think it is better that the chaplain should
have his right, and that he should not have his
quarters as a matter of courtesy from the com-
manding officer. Why should not the chaplain
have his right to a place as well as the surgeon or
any other officer? Why should we notmakethe
surgeon dependent on the courtesy of the com-
mander? Why should we discriminate against
the chaplain? There is no reason for it.
Besides, although I am happy to say that prob-
ably most commanding officers would extend this
courtesy, all will not. Again and again there
have been occasions when a commanding officer
has said to the chaplain, "-You have no place
here; you have no business lieie; the, law does
not recognize you; I shall not do anything about
giving you quarters or giving you a place, because
the law does not; you must find your own quar-
ters; you must do your own duties ill your own
way; but you mustnotinterferewith the military
regulations here." That is not the proper posi-
tion for a chaplain to be in; and I think the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana will agree with me
that the chaplain ought not to have his quarters
or fuel or enjoy any right by the courtesy of his
superior officer. It is not the way in which the
honorable Senator wishes to enjoy his rights or I
mine; and svhy should we impose that upon others
which we are not willing to bearoursclves? That
which is held at the courtesy of another is no
right at all.
[ repeat, I am not desirous that this provision
shall be construed ns the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Military Affans suggests, so as
to give a man four rooms, and add seventy or
eighty dollars a month to his pay, although I
confess I find it difficult to see why a chaplain is
not just as much entitled to this as the surgeon.
Why make the distinction? The chaplain, so-
cially, is the equal of the surgeon. Ordinarily he
is as well, or better, educated. He is a man as
much entitled to respect. Why give to the one
privileges so greatly superior to those of the other?
The honorable Senator says these places have been
sought for. It is true that they have been. Have
not the places of surgeons also been sought for;
and is there any reason why surgeonsshouldhave
these rights and privileges which does not apply
with equal force to the case of chaplains?
I am not disposed by any means to institute
