1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iif
true. Somewhat rude and rough, it may be,but
under this rough exterior you have the real and
true hero. If he is a diamond in the rough, he
is nevertheless real, with no false glitter or gaush
pretension. You have in him a man of that
sobriety, of that self-command, of that freedom
from passion, of that justice and tiuth, of that
soundness of judgment and perfect rectitude of
intention, that has had, in all these attributes, no
parallel since the days of Washington.
Taking the last five eventful years, and Mr.
Lincoln lias exerted a greater influence upon the
popular heart and in forming public opinion than
any other man. If slavery now reels and stag-
gers m its last struggles, it is from, the blows it
has received at his hands. His speeches and
writings, plain, homely, and unpolished as they
sometimes are, have become the household words
of the people, and crystallized into the over-
whelming public sentiment which demands the
extinction of slavery.
" He is a radical—a radical from conviction, not
from passion, or hatred, or revenge, in all great
radical changes, in running round sharp curves
is it not better to put on the brakes sometimes!
rather than to run off the track and smash up the
train ?
There are always men who are loud, boisterous,
furious, intolerant, proscriptive, and cruel, whose
hearts are filled with hatred and malice, and who,
to eradicate one evil, are willing to tear up the
good which it has taken ages to secure. Such
was not the example set by the greatest reformer
and most radical teacher who ever appeared on
earth, the Son of God. Mr. Lincoln's whole
theory as a reformer is to do the greatest possible
amount of good with the least possible evil. Were
he more violent, more carelessly destructive,did he
use more violent words, he might be perhaps more
the popular idol, but less the statesman and the
Christian. This great statesman, this simple,un-
pretending man, I believe to be the instrument
raised up by God tn viork out the regeneration of
the nation by the death of Jlmerican slavery.
Mr. YEA MAN obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. MORRILL, who moved that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the annual message of
the President of the United States, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
GENERAL GRANT'S REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to offer a resolution, to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. COX. Let it be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thegentle-
man can hear it read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the various
official reports made by Major General Ulysses S. Grant
during the war bo printed foi the use of the House.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman from Ohio object to that?
Mr. COX. Not at all. But I do not want to
have General Grant shelved away as a lieutenant
general, as the gentleman from Illinois does.
The resolution was introduced and agreed to.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
Mr.THOMAS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill supplemental to the-laws relating to
the War Department, and authorizing the settle-
ment and payment of certain claims against the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
WAGON ROAD IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill giving public lands to
the State of Michigan for the construction of a
wagon road for postal and military purposes;
which was leadafiist and second time, and re-
feucd to the Committee uii Public Lands.
MISSOURI MILITIA.
Mr. BLOW, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Reso'focd, That the Committee on Mtlitaiy Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and propriety of refund-
ing to the State of Missouri the amount paid and expenses
incurred by the provisional uovcrnmont of that -tate both
tor eniolled and other militia actually in service during the
piesent rebellion, and report by bill or otherwise.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to turmsh Congress, if, in his opinion, it be com-
patible with the public interest, aU the information of an
official character winch he may have received respecting
the extension of the southwest branch of the Pacific rail-
road, and his order, if any, respecting the &anie.
PAYMENTS TO RAILROADS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Houj-p whether any payments have been made to
eitherot the following-named railroad companies, namely :
the Illinois Central Itaihoad Company, the Burlington mid
Missouri Railroad Company, or the Mississippi and Mis-
souri Railroad Company, fortran^portingpropeity or troops
of the United Stales since the 25th day of February, 1882,
and if any such payments have been made, the amount
paid to each company; and also the amount paid to each
ot paid companies! prior to the above date, arid the ba^Uon
which said payments have been made; and that he also
inform tin; liou^e why payments have been made to said
companies in disrrgatd ot then obligation to tran.'poitpiop-
erty and troops of the United States (* free of toll oi other
chatge whatsoever"
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, is that res-
olution susceptible of amendment?
The SPEAKER. If received by unanimous
consent, it would be subject to amendment.
Mr. GRINNELL. If the gentleman from In-
diana will modify it by striking out the clause
asserting that payments have been made in dis-
regard of law, I will not object to the introduction
of the resolution. That is a reflection on the char-
acter of the railroad companies; and they claim
that they have received no money in disregard of
law.
Mr. HOLMAN. The resolution only asks
for information.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish the gentleman to
strike out the clause to which I refer. With that
stricken out I have no objection to the inquiry;
but with it in I shall object to the introduction of
the resolution. I take the ground that, in this
matter, there has been no violation of law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will modify the resolution
by striking out that part of it.
The resolution, as modified, was introduced
and adopted.
And then, on motion of Mr. ECKLEY, (at
twenty minutes to four o'clock, p.m.,) the House
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 7, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofy esterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message of thePiesidentof the United States,
transmitting a copy of the decree of the court of
the United States for the southern district ofNew
York, awarding the. sum of $17,150 66 for the
illegal capture of the British schooner Glen, and
requesting that an appropriation of that amount
may be made as an indemnification to the parties
interested; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 present the petition of Charles
Fosdick Fletcher, who represents that he isaciti-
zen of the United States, formerly residing in
Kalorama, District of Columbia, now residing at
Lancaster, Massachusetts, a writer for twenty
years in favor ofa railnnid to the Pacific, and one
of the commissioners appointed by Congress to
organize that work, in favor of what he terms the
j commercial circlc around the world. He repre-
sents that there is a necessity for that line of com-
munication from the terminus of the Pacific rail-
road at San Francisco by a line of steam packets
across the Pacific ocean to Shanghai, China, oi
some other point accessible, thence to intersect
the overland route from Emope to India, winch
line would pass Gibt altar foi England, and from
Gibialtar, by way of Cadiz and Fayal, to Norfolk
and Washington; s<> that, he says, a member of
Congress adjourning for the summer could take
his seat in thecars, travel west from Washington,
and continue to travel west until he returned to
Washington again by way of Norfolk, and be in
time to attend the session in December following.
He therefore prays that commissioners may be
appointed, and that an act of charter may be passed
by the Congress of the United States for the
"Washington, Norfolk, and Cadiz Steamship
Company." I move that the petition be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial of citizens
of Concord, New Hampshire, praying that the
petition of the South American Steamship Com-
pany for an appropriation, either by way of sub-
sidy or for the purpose of establishing postal com-
munication between the United States and the
countries lying to the south of them, especially
those of Brazil, Venezuela, Peru, and Buenos
Ayres, may be granted; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of H. B.
Whipple, bishop of the Protestant Episcopal
church of Minnesota, praying that clergymen
and candidates for the ministry may be regarded
as non-combatants, and, if drafted, employed as
chaplains or in hospitals; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York flftd New Jersey, members of the Lutheran
church, praying that such a modification of the
enrollment act may be made as will exempt from
military duty regularly ordained ministers of the
Christian church; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. W1LLEY presented the petition of N.B.
Walker, and otheis, paymasteis5 clerks, in the
several pay districts throughout the United States,
praying for an increase of their annual pay to
£1,400; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs nnd the Militia.
Mr. W1LLEY. I also present the petition of
B. R. Cowen and others, paymasters in the Uni-
ted States Army, praying that the pay of their
clerks shall be increased to $1,400, setting forth
the increase of expenses, the danger to which
these clerks are exposed in the performance of
their duties, and that they are required to be men
of strict integrity and of the best business quali-
fications, and urging upon Congress an increase
of their pay accordingly. I move its reference
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr.WlLSON presented thepetition ofThomas
Wentworth Higginson, colonel of the first regi-
ment South Caiohna volunteers, praying that the
full pay which,as he alleges, was originally prom-
ised that regiment may be allowed them; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of David Heller
and other non-commissioned officers and privates
of the United States Army, praying that the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act to authorize
the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing
the laws and protecting public property," may
be extended to such soldiers of the United States
Army as may serve for the spacc of two years
subsequent to the 15th of April, 1861; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. FOOT presented the memorial of Lieuten-
ant John Colhoun, the memorial of Lieutenant
Egbert Thompson, and the memorial of Lieuten-
ant George W. Doty, of the United States Navy,
remonstrating against the action of the late naval
advisory board,and praying for relivf therefrom;
which were leferred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. HOWE. I ask leave to present the pen-
tion of William Porter and William Lurkins, of
the city of Milwaukee, who pray for relief from
certain penalties incurred by reason of having en-
rolled and taken outa license for two steam tugs,
after one of the owners had made a declaration
of his intention to become a citizen, and before he
had secured his final papers. I ask that the peti-
tion be refeued to tin; Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
TAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REEER.RI5D.
On motion of Air. JOHNSON, it was
Ordeietl. Tli.)  the potion and othr-i papers ofMr*. John
J. AIkmi, nig iui .i \h.hi. o.i the rite* of tiio Sunatu,
be leferied to the Committee on PetHio.i-.
