118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 50) making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year e,nding the 30th
of June, 1865; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United Stateshad approved and signed,
cm December 23,1863, the following House joint
resolutions:
A joint resolution (No. 12) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain John Rodgers, of the
United States Navy, for eminent skill in the dis-
charge of his duties; and
A joint resolution (No. 14) to supply in part
deficiencies in the appropriations for the public
printing, and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for bounties to volunteers.
OFFICERS IN AND NEAR WASHINGTON.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was consideied by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish to the Senate the number of each grade of officers be-
longing to tho regular and volunteer service, in (he Army
ot the United States, now stationed in and around Wash-
ington,and drawing commutation for quarters and fuel, or
commutation for cither quarters or fuel.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, requested to furnish the Senate with ft
copy ol all the correspondence between the authorities of
the United State-; and tho rebel authorities on the exchange
of prisoner, and the different proposition* conneetcd with
that Mibject.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. WILSON. Let it lie
over.
Tlio VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
being objected to, it lies uver under the rule.
BIU, INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWE risked, and by unaninfons consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 39) for
tile relief of William Porter and William Lurk-
ins; which was read twice by its title, and refened
to I lie Committee on Commerce.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to give no-
tice that 1 shall to-morrow, or some subsequent
day, ask leave to introduce a bill amending the
act entuled " An act for a grant of lands to the
Slate of Kansas," as follows: first, by making
Baldwin eity a point on the Leavenworth, Law-
rence, and Galveston Bay road; second, by ex-
tending the provisions of die act to a railroad and
telegraphic line from Lawrence, in the State of
Kansas, to Pleasant Hill, in the State of Missouri.
UOCSIi lUI.t. UHFUIUtHD.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. CO) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending 30tli of June, 1865, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
SENATE LIBRAttY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A resolution sub-
mitted by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,]
providing for the formation of a library of the
Senate, is now before the Senate m order.
Mr. TOOT. I ask that that resolution may lie
on tile table fur the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over, if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
OATII OP OFFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A rcsolutionoffered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] providing for an addition to the rules of
the Senate, is now in order before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. As the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Baxard,] at whose suggestion that
resolution has been postponed from time to time,
is not now in his seat, I think we had better pass
it over; but I should like to give notice that the
first day the Senator appears here I shall deem
it my duty to call it up.
There being no objection, the resolution was
passed over.
PRESIDENTIAL POWER.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The nextbusiness
in order is a series of resolutions submitted by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. CARLILE. I have some resolutions that
I desire to submit and have considered when the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky shall
be before the Senate; and if it is in order, X should
be glad to submit them now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions of
the Senator from Kentucky are now before the
Senate. Does the Senator from Virginia offer his
resolutions by way of amendment?
Mr. CARLILE. I had not determined what
disposition I would make of them. I desire them
to be considered at the same time with the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to ask ifthe resolutions
offered by the Senator from Kentucky are before
the Senate. I understood they were laid on the
tabic; and if so, it would require a vote of the
Senate to take them up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were on the
file of the morning business. If they were laid
on the table by a vote, it would require a vote to
take them up.
Mr. FOSTER. I should object to taking them
UtThe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut is right. They are not before the
Senate.
NATURE OF TIIE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to offer the resolu-
tions I have in my hand, and ask that they may
go on the table. I do not intend to call them up
for consideration until the resolutions of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky shall be before the Senate.
VVitli Lhe leave of the Senate I will read them, and
Uvsk then that they goon tho table and be printed:
Jtcsolocd, That the Government of the United States, in
the language of Mr. Webster, is "The result of compact
between the Stale**," each State; for itself adopting lor its
government the Constitution of the United States.
2. That the people of each State adopted for their gov-
ernment the Constitution of the United States in the same
way as they adopted their State constitution.
3. That the Constitution of the United States was not
binding nor had it force or effect in any State until it was
latified and adopted by the people thereof, as is evidenced by
the fact that the people of Noith Carolina were not bound
by it, noi wa&Nojth Carolina a«jeinbor of the Union cre-
ated by it, for some time alter the Government had been or-
ganized under it, and attei it had been ratified by eleven
other States
4. That the Government created by tho Constitution of
the United States is neither wholly national nor wholly
federal. Were it wholly national the supteme and ultimate
authority would reside in the majority of the people of the
Union, and tin* authority would he competent at all times,
like that of a majority of every national society, to alter or
abolish its c.-tablMied government. Weie it wholly fed-
eral, on the oth'T hand, the concurrence of each State in
the Union would hees.-ential to every alteration that would
be binding on all." The mode provided by the Constitu-
tion foi its amendment " is not founded on either of these
principles." " In requiring more than a majority, and par-
ticularly in computing the'proportion by S£«£cs, not by cit-
izens, it dopaits from the national and advances toward
♦Ik: federal character, hi rendering the concurrence of less
than the whole number of States sufficient, it loses again
W\e Jcdcral and partakes of the national character." The
Government created by the Constitution of the United
States, theiffore, is neither a national nor a federal Gov-
ernment, but a composition of both. " In its loundation it
is i"deraf, not national. In the sources from which theor-
duiaiy powei-i of the Government are drawn, it is partly
tedeial and partly national. In the operation of these pow-
ers it is national, not federal; in the extent of them, it is
federal, not national."
5. That it is essential to the preservation of the Govern-
ment, creau d by the Constitution, that the military should
be Mibouhnate to the civil power; and that such was the
intention of the founders of the Government is evidenced
by the fact that the Picsident was made Commander-m-
(Jhief of the Aimy and Navy.
0. That Congre&s alone can declare what arc ciimes
against the United States, and can alone legislate tor the
punishment theicof. That lti-s not competent for the Presi-
dent, in any character, or for any military commander, to
restrict the right of suffrage m any State, or to impose con-
ditions precedent to tho exercise thereof, nor can the will
or jddgment of the President enlarge his powers beyond
what are contetred by the Constitution.
7. That all the povvcis ofthe Geneial Government are de-
rived from the Constitution; that the Constitution of the
United States confers power, and the constitutions ot the
seveial States limit power; that the General Government
can only exeicise such powers as are confened by tho Con-
stitution of the United States; that but for the State consti-
tutions each State withm its own jurisdiction could exer-
cise all governmental power.
8. That Governments are instituted for the protection of
imnoiiues, the chief objects being to secure to the citizen
his right to personal liberty, and to protect him in the pos-
session and enjoyment ot*Ills private property.
9. That there is no such powei as the '* war power"
known to the Government of the United Stales uulMdc of
the powers conferred by and enumerated in the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
10. That the Government of the United States enforces
obedience to its Constitution and laws as do the State gov-
ernments, by acting directly upon the citizen; that it cannot
create a State government or a State constitution, or alter
one; thatit has. no right to interfere diieclly or indirectiyto
alter, abolish, or procure a change in the constitution of
any State, but is bound to protect existing constitutions iu
each and every State fiom any attempt to substitute for
them a government not republican in form, and cannot act
against States or political communities as such, but is, con-
fined in its action to the punishment of persons, there being
no right of eminent domain in the Government of the Uni-
ted States, the soil of each State belonging to it and the
people thereof.
11. That any attempt on the part of the Government of
the United States, or any department thereof, to destroy the
State governments and substitute for them territonalor any
other foim ofgovcrnmcnt, would bo an exercise oi arbitrary
and usurped power, destructive of the liberties ol the peo-
ple, violative of the Constitution, and an overthrow ofthe
Government created by it.
12. That it id the duty of the servants of the people to
whom the administration of the Government is intm-Hed,
and to whom its powers have been confided, to put down
rebellion against its authoiity whenever organized, to tUo
end that law-abiding citizens may be piotected in the en-
joyment ofthe blessings the Government was designed to
conler; that if necessary to this end the whole mtlmuy and
naval power of the Government can and should be Used,
not against the States as such, nor in a war against pop-
ulations and homes, but against the citizens and persons
so resisting the authoiity of the Government, and defying
its power.
13. That the whole military power of the Government
should be directed against the armies of the confederates,
and that until they are broken and dispersed there can be
no peace upon the basis of a reunion of the States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator moves
the printing of the resolutions which lie has sub-
mitted. That order will be made, if there be no
objection. The Chair hears none.
CONSTRUCTION OF CONFISCATION ACT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The following res-
olution, submitted by the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] is now before the Senate:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he in-
structed to consider the propriety of repealing the joint
resolution of July 17,1862, relative to the construction of
the confiscation act, and particularly so much of said joint
resolution as purports to prohibit a forfeiture of real estate
beyond the natural life ofthe offender.
The resolution was adopted.
BELIEF OF PRISONERS AT RICHMOND.
Mr." HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leavo to introduce a joint resolu-
tion^. No. 10) for the relief ofthe officers and
soldiers of the United States now held captive
in the rebel prisons at Richmond and vicinity;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
resolution at length.
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps I can read the resolu-
tion with more facility than tho Clerk, if the
reading is called for. It is as follows:
Joint resolution for the relief of the officers and soldiers of
the United States now held captive m the rebel prisons
at Richmond and vicinity.
Whereas persons in authority under the traitorous or-
ganization which tor the last three years has wade relent-
less war upon the people of the United States and their Gov-
ernment, now hold iu barbarous captivity nianv officers and
soldiers ot the United States, and refuse to exchange tli<>ui
except upon condition that they aic allowed to Retain such
of our soldiers as they call negioes, and such of otir officers
a< have commanded negro troops, and upon the further con-
dition that we will also release upon p.uole all the excess
of rebel pu<oners now in the hands of our Government,
amounting to many thousands ; and
Whereas those same persons aie unable or unwilling
to make suitable or even tolerable piovi-ion for the sup-
port of their captives, thereby rendering then imprisonment
as gross an outrage upon the dictates of humanity and the
laws of war as it is upon the laws of the United States and
upon then duty a* the legitimate subject* of those laws;
and f
Whereas they have denied to the chanty of the loyal
people of the United States the piivilege of >upplying the
most pressing necessities of their brethren in those prions,
and have recently refused even to receive a flag of tiuce
from the authorities of Mhj United States unless it io for-
warded by an officer of their approval; and
Whereas it does not become twentv-two millions of peo-
ple, having the rights of, and ability"foi, self-government,
to allow rebellious subjects to dictate to them what agent*
or officers they shall employ, nor docs it become them to
feed plentifully at home while their brethieu starve within
a hundred miles of their own capital: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and liousc of Rej>resevtoth'csof
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States isliereby authorized and
requested to call out and arm one million of volunteeisto
serve for the period of ninety days, unless soonei discharged,
and to be employed to carry food and freedom to every cap-
tive held in icbel prisons, and to plant the flag of the United
States upon eveiy pri-on they occupy.
Sec. 2. And be it father resolved, Thatthe Presidentbe
requested to assign Major General Ulysses H. Grant to the
command of the foiees raised undci this, call, together with
