1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
such of the forces now in the field as may be joined with
them; and he is hereby authorized to detail for the subor-
dinate commands in tlie forccs to be raised under the au-
thority of these resolutions, such officers or privates now
in the field as he may deem best qualified therefor; orhe
may assign to such commands any person or persons who
may volunteer under the same authority : Provided, how-
ever , That any officer or private now in the military ser-
vice of the United States who may be detailed to any such
command by authority hereof, shall receive no additional
pay for such substituted service, and no volunteer under
the same authority, who shall be detailed to any such com-
mand, shall receive more than the pay of a private.
Sec. 3. .And be it further resolved, That persons volun-
teering under authority hereof shall be sworn into service
on the — day of February next, and the term of their enlist-
ment shall commence fiom and after that day.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further resolved, That both Houses of
Congress will, on the 4th day of Marcli next, at twelve
o'clock, meridian, adjourn to meet on the 4th day of June
following, and immediately upon such adjournment each
member thereof under fiftyyears of age,and who shall vote
for these resolutions, shall report himself to the command-
ant of some company in the forces hereby provided for, and
shall thereupon he sworn into the military service, and, un«
less sooner discharged, shall continue in such service with-
out pay therefor until the expiration of the period for which
such forces are enlisted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what committee
does the Senator wish the joint resolution to be
referred ?
Mr.HOWE. I really have not considered that
subject. I should rather be inclined to have it
referred to the Committee on Enrolled Bills, but
I guess it had better go to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs; and I should like to have it printed.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
BOUNTIES TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 16) to continue the boun-
ties heretofore paid.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise, Mr.President, for
the purpose of moving that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance. I do it be-
cause, as I understand, it was not the intention of
the honorable Senator fromMassachusctts to have
it referred to his own committee, ns they have
already considered the subject and are prepared to
act upon it. It will be observed, sir, that the res-
olution, if it passes, involves the expenditure of a
very large amount of money; and in the present
condition of the country, with the great calls that
are made upon us forexpenditures for the Army
and for other purposes, I thinkit would be better,
with reference to the public feeling in relation to
money affairs, that, if the resolution is to pass,it
should be understood thatit has been investigated
by those who are ordinarily intrusted with the con-
sideration of subjects of finance, and that it has
met with their approbation and the approbation of
the Department which has the control of such
questions.
I do not propose to delay it. I am as anxious
as any man that it should be acted upon as speed-
ily as it can be acted upon safely; and if it goes
to the Committee on Finance, thatcommittee will
undoubtedly take the subject into immediate con-
sideration, and will report just as soon as it can
obtain the necessary information to satisfy its
members in regard to it. I trust that this motion
will meet with no objection from my friend at the
head of the Committee on Military Affairs, as it
is made rather with a view to aid in the object, if
it can be accomplished, than to say anything or
do anything that might have a tendency either to
defeat it or to throw any doubt upon its propriety.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it will be recoi-
Iccted that the other day both Houses of Congress
decided that the bounties pledged by the Govern-
mentshouldceaseon the 5th day of January. The
Government is exceedingly anxious to have the
time extended. I think it will be satisfactory to
extend it to the Ist'day of thecoming month, Feb-
ruary. The only reason, I take it, for stopping
the bounties was a financial one, and certainly
that is one which requires the attention and the
careful consideration of everybody concerned in
the Government, and of every member of both
Houses of Congress. I suppose, sir, it is neces-
sary that we act upon this subject as soon as pos-
sible. I had hoped that we should act immedi-
ately, amend the resolution by striking out the
1st of March and inserting the 1st of February,
and send it back to the House of Representatives
to-day with that amendment, and have it at once
disposed of. But 1 find the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, who has the care of financial
matters in this body, and other Senators who are
deeply concerned for thefinancial credit oftheGov-
ornrnent, are anxious that we should have some
little investigation before we act. Itis aquestion
of very grave importance,andIdo not like to take
the responsibility of resisting a fair examination
of a proposition involving so deeply the interests
of the country,both in regard to raising men and
in regard to money.
The Senator says that the Committee on Fi-
nance will take the subjectinto consideration and
act speedily. If the committee will immediately
address itself to the consideration of this subject,
and report the resolution back to the Senate at the
earliest possible day—and I hope it will be a very
early day—I shall not take the responsibility of
insisting that it shall not go to that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Maine to refer
the joint resolution to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON". I now move that the Presi-
dent's message, and the other bills relating to the
same subject, be referred to the same committee,
that they may have the whole matter under con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT 01" ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 36, to amend the enrollment act.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (S. No.
36) to amend an act entitled "An act for enroll-
ing and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes," approved March 3, 1863* was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and reported
with amendments. The first amendment of the
committee was in section five, to strike out the
following words:
Any person enrolled who shall remove from any waid
of a city, town, or towntlnp, or fiom a county, where the
same is not divided mto wards, towns, or township*, may,
on application to the proper board of enrollment, be en-
rolled in the place of residence to which he shall have ic
moved, and may, upon proof of such cmollment. have his
name stricken fiom the rolls of Ins former place of resi-
dence; and.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirteen,
to insert the words " who shall" after " or," in
line twelve; and after the word "magistrate," in
the same line, to insert " swear or affirm falsely;"
so as to make the section rend:
Sec. 13. Jindbeit farther enacted^ That provost marshal*,
boards of enrollment, or any member theieof, acting by au-
thority ol the board,shall havepowertosummon witnesses
and enforce their attendance b> attach men t without pi evious
p.ij meat of fees in any case pending before them, or either
of them, and the same witness fees and costs shall be al-
lowed as may be allowed m the district couitsof the United
State*; and they shall have power to administer oath*and
affirmations; and any person who shaif sweat or affirm false-
ly before any provost marshal, or board of emolhnenl, or
member thereof, acting by authority of the board, or who
shall, before any civil magistrate, swear or affirm falsely, to
any affidavit to be used in any case pcndingbefoie any pro-
vost mat&hal, or board ofetirolimem, '•hall, on conviction, be
fined not exceeding $300, and imprisoned not less than six
months,nor more than twelve months."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out<fthree"
in lino fifteen of section eighteen, and insert
" five;" and pfter the word " d^bt," in line six-
teen, to insert " one halfand after "United
•States," in line eighteen, to insert "and the other
half for the use of the United States;" so as to
make the section read:
Sec. 18. Jlvd he it further enacted, That the fees of
agents and attorneys for making out and causing to be ex-
ecuted any papers in support of a claim for exemption from
diaft,oi for any services that maybe rendered to the claim-
ant, shall not in any ca*e exceed five doliats; and physi-
cians orsuigeons furnishing ccitxficatesof disability to any
claimant for exemption from draft shall not be entitled to
any fees or compensation therefor. And any agent or at-
torney who shall, directly or indirectly, demand or receive
any greater compensation for his services under this act,
and any physician or surgeon who shall, directly or indi-
rectly, demand or receive any compensation for furnishing
said certificate? of disability, shall be deemed guilty of a
high misdemeanor, and, upon conviction, shall, for every
such offense, be fined not exceeding #500, to be recovered
betore any court of competent juii->dicti«m in an action of
debt, oik! half lor the of any informer who may sue
for the same in the name of the United States, and the other
half for the use of the United States, and shall also be sub
jeet to imprisonment for a trrm not exceeding one year, at
the discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to make an in-
quiry in regard to that section. It seems, sir,
tnat it provides for the imposition of a fine not
exceeding $500, to be recovered before any court
of competent jurisdiction in an action of debt;
and it provides that the offender shall also be
subject to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
one year, at the discretion of the court. Was it
the intention of the committee reporting this bill
that in a civil action for debt the court may, after
having given judgment for a debt, imprison the
offender for a term not exceeding one year?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, si$; that was the in-
tention.
Mr. COWAN. I have only to say that if that
be the understanding, it is novel, and it will be a
very extraordinary commingling together of two
jurisdictions, civil and criminal, and I think it
had better be considered before itis passed by the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
thechair.) The Senator will allow the amendments
of the committee to be first disposed of. The next
amendment of the committee is to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section: '
Sec. 20. v3nd be it further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes," approved (fa the 3d
day of March, 1863, as authorizes the discharge of persons
drafted into the service of the United States, undejr the au-
thority of that act, upon the payment of a sum of money
not exceeding $300, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest, as there may
be differences of opinion in regard to that amend-
ment which may lead to some discussion, that if
any Senator desires to amend-the bill further, we
proceed with those amendments before we take
up this section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, that course will be pursued. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment will be
laid aside for the present.
Mr GRIMES. I move to amend the second
section bjf inserting after " United States," m the
tenth line, the word " and," and by inserting at
the end of that line the words" as already returned
to the office of the Provost Marshal of the United
States;" so as to make the section read:
And in ascertaining and filling said quota, there .*hal! be
taken mto account the number of men who have heretofore
entered the naval service of the United States, and whose
names are borne upon the cmollment lifts as already le
turned to the office of the Piovost Maishal of the United
States.
I suppose there will be no objection to this.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to it.
Mr. HALE. I am not entirely certain that that
amendment of the Senator from Iowa will not
meet the difficulty that presented itself to my
mind. The difficulty is this: there are very few
placcs in the United States that are open for en-
listments into the naval service. A great many
of the men that enter the naval service are merely
transient residents at the place of enlistment; a
great many of them fire foreigners who have no
particular residence anywhere; and if they are
credited at all, they would be credited to the dis-
trict in which they happened to enlist; and as there
are—I do not know how many—but very few
places of enlistment comparatively, all this pop-
ulation would be at once entered upon their lists
and credited to the States in whicn they enlist.
For instance, I suppose in CharJestown district,
in Massachusetts, they enlist more than half the
sailors that are enlisted in all New England—
I presume more than four fifths of them; and
under the operation of this bill they would gen-
erally be credited to that district. That would be
exceedingly unjust. The amendment proposed
by the Senator from Iowa will in some measure
remedy that injustice, but I do not think it will
do it entirely, and 1 do not know that it is possi-
ble to do it.
My own opinion would be, however, that the
naval enlistments had better be kept entirely sep-
arate from the enlistments into the Army, for the
reason that, in my humble judgment, it is utterly
impossible to average and credit them in any way
that will approximate to doing justice. The
amendment which I had prepared to this very pro-
vision, and in lieu of the one that has been offered
by the Senator from Iowa, was to insert after the
