m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
wordss< whose names are borne on the enlistment
roil" tho words, 14 and who for the six months
previous fmd been actually resident of said county,
town, township, or ward of a city." In that way
it would confine the credit to the city or place
where they enlisted to the actual residents of that
place, and would not allow them to put upon the
enrollment kst all the foreigners that might come
up and propose to enlist. •
As I said before, I think it would be better to
leave these naval enlistments entirely out of the
bill, but the committee seem to have thought
otherwise, i shall vote in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, but I think it
ought to'go further.
Mr. GRIMES. I have always been willingand
anxious to do exact justice to every portion of
the country that furnishes any of the persons who
go into the naval service. The purpose that I had
in offering this amendment was to obviate the very
difficulty the Senator from New Hampshire has
suggested. I was fearful that, under the bill as
submitted by the committee, if enacted into a law,
duimg the next two or three weeks there would
be added to the enrollment lists tin1 names of all
those persons who have been enlisted into the
naval service during the last twelve or eighteen
months, and thus those States where there hap-
pened to be naval recruiting stations would receive
a credit to which they would not be justly enti-
tled. if there be any persons in those districts,
bona fide citizens of those districts, who enlist, I
am willing that thev should be credited with those
persons; and 1 think under the operation of my
umendmont they would receive exactly what they
are entitled to, neither more nor less.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs intended to accomplish precisely what the
Senator from Iowa wishes to accomplish by his
amendment. Great complaints have been'made
m some-sections of the country that they have
An nished a latge number of men to the Navy and
have received no ctedit for them. There are
townships in my State that, have furnished more
men for the Navy than for the Aimy,and have
fieiveil no credit whatever for them; and when
I say this I mean that they have furnished them
of then own t mzens, whose names are borne on
their voting lists and the enrollment lists. I re-
ceived a hater the other day fiom a town in my
State, slating that they had furnished over six
bundled men for the Navy, and over sixty of
them within a very few days, at a cost to the
cit.zens of the town of between three and four
thousand dollars, and they rcc< ived no credit
whatever for them. We cannot go back and do
exact justice; but as the enrollments were made
during the past year, the committee thought it
would be ti^ht and just and fair to all paits of
the country that persons whose names were upon
the enrollment lists, and who had enlisted in the
Navy, should be credited to the places, not where
they enlist, but where their names aie upon the
enrollment lists, (fa uh/.en lesuling in a city ot
town of New 1 Jampshii e, whose name is enrolled
there, and who is liable to be diafted there, has
gone to any other place and enlisted, it will he i
for the people of his town to ascertain the fact,
and 3io will bo ciedited to the town. That is
what ] understand the bill means now. I want
to accomplish that—nothing more, nothing less.
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa, I think, does not change that except in this
respect: the St nator wasfeat ful,as 1 understand
it, that the enrollment lists would be changed,
and the names of the persons thus enlisted added !
to the list for a special purpose; and he therefore
confines it to the lists that have already been
made up, and does not allow them to be amended.
I do not think wo disagiec in regard to that; and
I think the whole object is accomplished.
Mr. COWAN, i think i.ns whole system of
credits has been a mistrke except so far as the
credit is given to the State for the quota she has
furnished. Let us look for one instant rt the op-
eration of it. In a county, town, or boiongh,
there are, if you please, one halfofihe people who
are loyal supporters of the Government m the con-
duct and prosecution of the wai , and the olher
half are either lukewarm or offering such opposi-
tion as they may offer from the political condition ,J
of the parties m this country. The loyal and N
warm-hearted portion of the people volunteer, and
you give to that borough credit for then' patriot- !-
ism. Who avail themselves of it? The lukewarm
and those who really ought to be made to bear
their fair share of the burden of the war. Instead
of that, they get the credit of the exertions and
sacrifices of their more patriotic neighbors, and are
enabled in that way to enjoy a security which is
not enjoyed by those who really and heartily sup-
porttheGovernment. I think therefore that if this
system of credits was confined to the quotas of the
States,without undertaking to descend into the mi-
nutiae of counties, boroughs, and towns, it would
be far better for the country. Besides, there is
the impossibility ofexecuting the law as it stands.
How is it possible to do it? I should like to see
a statement of the number of persons claimed to
have been furnished by all these States, counties,
boroughs, and towns, compared with the actual
number of men in the field; for I have no doubt
that the same man is claimed from different local-
ities, perhaps two or three times over. People do
not always volunteer or enlist in the place of their
residence. They are claimed where they do en-
list, and they arc also claimed at their place of res-
idence; and in this way no such thing as even-
handed and exact justice can be done. It would
be far better if the credit were confined to the States
without descending into the minutice of counties
and townships. 1 merely throw out these sug-
gestions for the consideration of other gentlemen
who have paid much more attention to the subject
than myself; but so far as I have been enabled to
observe its working, the system of credits bus had
the effect I have stated.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia states the fact that there has been great in-
equality. That fact creates great discontent; and
one of the great difficulties that have pressed on
the War Office during the last few months has
been this inequality. The Governors of the States
and the representatives of different sections of
States have visited that office for the purpose of
having these inequalities adjusted. It is very diffi-
cult to do justice to all sections of the country, or
to make equality; but I know that ihe Provost
Marshal General, who has studied this subject care-
fully, is very anxious that this provision should
be in the bill, and that the different wards of
cities, and towns and counties should have the
credit that justly belongs to them. I think the
amendment proposed tends to equality. That it
will not make absolute equality is certain; that
cannot be done; but it will do so as far as it is
practicable to do so. I hope theiefoic the amend-
ment will stand, for I think it will create a great
deal of .satisfaction in the country if the inequali-
ties of the present system are adjusted as far ns
(hey possibly can be.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am oppostd to
allowing any credit to any State for the number
of sailot s it may furnish the Navy. That propo-
sition was made at the last session of Congress,
and I opposed it then. It was advocated, if I
recollect aright, by the* honotabic Senator from
Maine, [Mi. Fesslndcn.] I then opposed it, as
I do now, upon this punciple: from the beginning
of the Government, almost, it has become a part
of its trndrinnal policy to give bounties to the fish-
ermen of the New England States. 1 never have
objected to that policy. In my service in the
Senate, and in the House of Representatives, 1 al-
ways sustained that policy, and voted for a con-
tinuance of the bounties, and upon this reason, as
expressed by its friends, invaiiably—that it was
giving encouragement to the nmsery of Ameiican
seamen, and when the time of war or trouble came
upon tiie country, these fishermen, who weio en-
couraged by this bounty to hazard tlie dangers of
the deep, would be always found a ready and a.
most effective body of seamen to entei the setvicc
of the United States, in defense of its flag upon
the ocean. The ground upon which the policy
was urged was a lofty and patriotic one. It com-
mended itself to the minds and to the hearts of a
majority of all 'he Congresses, I believe, that have
r vur sat in the United States since the organization
of the present Constitution. These bounties
amount to a considerable sum. They have been
received for some seventy-five years. I do not
pretend to be accurate, because 1 haw not exam-
ined tho subject; but they have been received by
these fishermen of the northeastern States for
scores of yeais on the express stipulation, by their
fnend'j and advocates in both Houses of Congress,
that the purpose of these bounties w«s tu footer
this nursery of our gallant and hardy tars. Now,
sir, when this school of seamen has thus been en-
dowed by the Government, and has thus received
its bounty and emolument from year to y>-ar, a
seems to me that it comes ungraciously now from
them to ask to be exonerated from the service
which they were so often pledged to render to then-
country in consequence of these bounties. On
that ground I shall vote against both the original
section and the amendment. I shall vote against
any proposition to deduct from the military quota
of any State any of the sailors that may have been
enlisted in that State, 'whether they are residents
or non-residents.
Mr. NESMITH. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer an amendment
of some length; and as I presume this lull will not
be finally acted on to-day, I should like to have
it received informally and printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment may be received by unanimous consent, and
the order made to print it. The Chair hears no
objection, and it will be printed. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator fiom Iowa to
the second section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to amend the
eighth section, in the second line, by inserting after
the words "United States" the words, "or into
the marine corps of the United States;" so thatit
will read:
That all enlistments into the naval m i vice of tli<  United
States., or into the marine coipsof the United States, that
may he hereafter made of pylons liable to t-eivice under
the act of Comjreb-s entitled "An aet lei < molt an; ami call-
ing <mt the national lot ce*., and Iru other pin po>c>,"appioved
Match 3, 186'S. shall be credited on the emoilm<Jitt to the
ward, town, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to add to that sec-
tion the following proviso:
Provided, That Mich enlisted men aie actual arid bona
/j.'/cciii/.en^ a k! resident^ of th ■ waul, town. township, or
eouniy in winch such culNtmcnts. shall be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. It seem'? to me there may
h<* some difficulty in ascertaining the fuctof/>o ta
Jldc residence. The sailor who go>-s into Cimtles-
town or New Yoik,and is thete for a day, is, in
one sense, an inhabitantof the place, although he
means to go somewhere else as soon ns an oppoi -
tunity is offered him. I understood the Senator
from New Hampshire to su^gc st that it w ould be
advisable and light in itself to limit tho ei'-ditto
such heamcn as may hav< been some two, three,
four, or five months puor to the time of* enlist-
ment actual inhabitants of the p'ace from which
they enlisted. As he has very correctly stated,
almost the whole of New England, except per-
haps Massachusetts, will lnne no bemfit of this
ciedit under this provision, but it will go exclu-
sively to the credit of Massachusetts. The same
thing will he the casein New Yoik, and the same
thing in Baltimore. If we were to requnc a ies-
idence of one or two months prior to enlistment,
that would answer the purpose; but there may bo
difficulhe.s about it. Residence depends upon in-
tent , and if you leave it to the provost mondial, or
whoever may be the legitimate officer, to settle it,
he may be either satisfied of the fact of existing
inhabitancy, or he may require proof that the
pcison claiming to be an inhabitant intends to be
a permanent inhabitant,and questionsof difficulty
will arise I think in the execution of the law. ff
you require a proof of lesideriee for a mouth or
two months it will simplify it,and I think answer
tin1 purpose. I suggest that to the Senator from,
lo wa.
Mr. GRIM ES. I presume it is altogether prob-
able that the language lhave used is not the most
fortunate that could be used to expiess my mean-
ing. My purpose is this: take as an example,
if there are six hundred men enlisted in the naval
service from the town of Gloucester, whose names
are recorded upon the check-roll of that town, I
am willing that they should be ciedited to the
town of Gloucester in this emolument; but 1 am
unwilling that Tom, Dick, and Harry, who are
citizens of wo portion of the United States, hntare
probably lesiclcnts and citizens of some of tho
northern countries of Europe, who belong no-
where in fact, but who happen to come in tran-
sientlyjand are enlisted in the city of Boston or
the city of New Voik, shall be credited lo those
places. Time is tie- parpes" 1 ha\e in Mew. If
i the Senator fiom Maryland <>r tl.c Jv-autur Iroui
