1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 17,
" Mr. ROGERS. We agree to that.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill goes over till
Tuesday next.
Mr. DEMING. With the understanding that
it shall he a special order on that day, and from
day to day until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. It has that effect now.
Mr. ALLEY. I, for one, shall object. Iam
not wrlling to have all questions made special or-
ders.
The SPEAKER. Then the only course is for
the gentleman from Connecticut to occupy the
floor till fifteen minutes past one o'clock, when
it will go over till next Tuesday.
Mr. ROGERS. I would prefer to submit my
views on Tuesday.
Mr. FARNSWORTIi. 1 inquire whether, if
the bill goes over till Tuesday next, it will not be
the regular business from day to day during the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. DEMING. I will consent to that.
Mr. DAWES. I want to get a little informa-
tion from the gentleman from Connecticut,grow-
ing outof the interrogatory of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Tiiayer.] I see that the
phraseology in the first section of the bill, to which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania directed his at-
tention, declares this road, and the branches
thereof built and to be built, to be lawful struc-
tures. The interrogatory put by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was, whether the bill was
meant to legalize such branches as were to be
built, or only those which are already built. The
reply of the gentleman from Connecticut was that
the latter was the proper construction. I ask him
whether there is anything in the bill that assures
us that that is the construction that must be given
to it.
Mr. DEMING. That is the legal construction
which the committee gives to the bill. I cannot
tell what cofistruct|ion may be put upon it by those
who are not so thoroughly educated in the sci-
ence of legal construction as is my ftiend from
Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. The hill should be so drafted
that there could be no mistake on that point. I
have not any apprehension that these branches
will be extended into the State of Massachusetts,
but I only want to know where these branches
are to extend in New Jersey. There is nothing
in the bill that restricts them.
Mr. DEM1NG. I can assure the gentleman
that theieis no idea of extending these hi .inches
into Massachusetts, or any further than the cor-
poration is authorized to go by its charter.
Mr. DAWRS. If the bill is to be confined to
the branches aheady built then the phraseology
used is incorrect. If it is to apply to some branch
to be built, either we must locate, or somebody
else will locate it. If somebody else is to locate
it X want to know who.
A Member. New Jersey is only wide enough
for one railtoad track. [Laughter.]
Mr. DEMING. I wish to call the attention of
my friend from Massachusetts to the map which
accompanies this report. Perhaps, if he will give
it as earnest attention as he hasgiven to question-
ing me upon matters of construction, he will be
better prepared, when I rise again on this subject,
to play the part of cross-questioner.
The road, as you see by the map, begins at
Port Monmouth, near Sandy Hook. In order
to reach PoitMonmouthitis necesaaiy that there
shall be water communication to the city of New
York. The distance from New York to Port
Monmouth, I will inform my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, is eighteen miles. The distance from
Port Monmouth to Atsion is sixty-three and three
quarter miles, arid the distance from Atsion to
Camden is twenty-eight and a half miles, making
the entire distance from New York to Philadel-
phia one hundred and ten miles. The otherroute
is nincty-lhi ee miles. Any gentleuuffi who has
been aware of the extiemc piessuio brought upon
this House to establish another line of transpor-
tation between the city of NewYoik and the city
of Washington, espeeially gentlemen who repie-
sent States which have uistiucted them to pro-
vide additional means of communication between
New Yoik and Philadelphia—those States having
said in their resolutions that the present means of
intercommunication are notoriously inadequate—
can hardly consent to aid in destroying a contin-
uous through line between those cities. The pres-
sure upon the existing routes has been so great
that during this winter the Government has been
obliged to use water transportation by the way
of the Potomac. Gentlemen who know that the
commercial community as well as the Govern-
ment demand increased facilities, and that this
House has passed by unanimous consent a res-
olution which recites in its preamble that the pres-
ent facilities were notoriously inadequate 
Mr. ASHLEY. Has the morning hour ex-
pired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. ASHLEY. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. DEMING. What becomes of the pend-
ing bill ?
The SPEAKER. It goes over to Tuesday
next.
Mr. ASHLEY. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der to be the special order, being territorial busi-
ness.
TIIKATY WITH ECUADOR.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make a leport from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs to carry out treaty stipulations
with Ecuador, recommended by the President in
a message sent to us a few days ago, and which
will occupy but a few moments.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 do not object to that.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Foieign Affans, repoited a bill to
carry into effect the convention with Ecuador for
the mutual adjustment of claims; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio to the thud section
of the bill, whieh I think confers extraordinary
powers upon the President in respect to compen-
sation.
Mr'. COX. The bill has been drawn precisely
in conformity with bills passed heretofore in ref-
erence to conventions established with New Gran-
ada, Costa Ilica, and Peru. The usual compen-
sation has been granted to the commissioner in
this case. I would not ask instant action on this
bill*, but the commission will have to meet pretty
soon, and (he necessary arrangements and the
papeis ou«;ht to he sent out by the next steamer.
The biti was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and beirigengiossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed; and also moved that the vote
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STATE OF NEVADA.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der to be the consideration of Senate bill No. 96,
to enable the people of Nevada to form a consti-
tution and State government, and for the admis-
sion of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with theouginal States, the consideration
of which had been postponed to this day.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. ASHLEY. I have nothing to say upon
this bill further than this: that it passed the Sen-
ate two years ago and again unanimously at this
session.
Mr. KINNEY. I ask the gentleman whether
the boundaries provided in the second section in-
terfere with the present boundaries of the Terri-
tory of Utah ?
Mr. ASHLEY. They do not. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CXJIUtENCY.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be piinted for the use of the mem-
bers of the Hou«e two thousand extia copies of House bill
No. 333, to provide a national currency secured by pledge
of United States stocks, and to provide for the ciicuiation
and ledempUon thereof.
STATE OF COLORADO.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be Senate bill No. 97, to enable the peo-
ple of Coloiado to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States, the consideration of which had been
postponed to this day.
Mr. ASHLEY. This is in the same terms as
the bill just passed by the House.
Mr. PENDLETON. Let it go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where ibcan be considered section by section.
Mr. ASHLEY. I prefer, unless gentlemen are
anxious to debate it, to put the bill upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will move to leferthc bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ASHLEY. I cannot consent to send the
bill to the tombs in that way. If the gentleman
desires me to yield to any member upon that side
to discuss the measure, I have no objection to
doing that.
Mr. PENDLETON. After the gentleman has
j moved the previous question, will it not be m
I order to move so to refer it?
j The'SPEAKER. Not undei the lulesasthey
now exiht.
Mr. COX. I have not had an opportunity to
examine these bills critically. I believe they are
bills for the admission of three States?
Mr. ASHLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
whether he proposes to admit these States when
they attain a certain population?
Mr. ASHLEY. No, sir.
Mr. COX. They are not required to have a
population equal to the ratio of one member of
Congress?
Mr. ASHLEY. No, sir.
Mr. COX. 1 would like to offer an amendment
to that effect. 1 believe in the general policy
which was agreed upon when last we discussed
and undertook to mature the territorial policy.
Mr. ASHLEY. These Territories of Nevada,
Colorado,and Nebraska ha\e a larger population
than Oiegon had when she was admitted, and
even moie than she had under the census of 1860.
The gentleman voted foi theadmissjon of Oregon.
Mr. COX. I voted for the admission of Ore-
gon; but I was satisfied thatshehad a population
equal to the ratio of a member of Congress. I
was satisfied upon that point by the speech of
Mr. Stevens,of Oregon, made at the time. But
this side of the House, and a large proportion of
the members upon the other side, agreed upon a
general system as to these bills admitting Terri-
tories; and I think Judge Douglas reported a bill
in conformity to the idea that no State should be
admitted under an enabling act, unless the census
showed a population equal to the ratio for a mem-
ber of Congress.
I do not know whether the gentleman proposes
to admit this State undej* the war power. If not,
then it is under the oltl policy. I suppoge the
gentleman prohibits slavery by the bill?
Mr. ASHLEY. Yes.
Mr. COX. I have no doubt of it. I should
not have asked the question.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman what i,s the use of prohibiting a thing which
is dead every where according to the theory of the
gentleman from Ohio? I think I have heard but
one gentleman upon that side of the House contend
that there was any life left m slavery; and that was
thegentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] who
j thought it was still kicking a little.
Mr. ASHLEY. In reply to the gentleman, I
would say that I have never declared upon this
floor, or elsewhere, that slavery was dead, but if
my colleague [Mr. Cox] desiies to offer an amend-
ment to establish slavery in this Teiritory, I will
yield to him for that purpose.
Mr. COX. Thegentleman knows that I nevei
proposed to establish or exciude slavery from the
Territories. Our determination was to leave that
matter to the people of the Territories always, and
the intimation of my colleague does not come with
good grace from an intelligent Congressman know-
