2142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
everywhere has been extended as far as expedi-
ency, to say nothing of right, would justify, its
being extended.
Now, sir, to show that we have a right-to limit
the exercise of this privilege, I may refer to the
Constitution of the United States, which made it
the duty of Congress to pass uniform naturaliza-
tion laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator: the time has arrived
for the consideration of the special order, and the
Chair brings to the notice of the Senate the bill
to establish a national currency.
Mr. DIXON. I, move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of going on with the con-
sideration of this bill.
RJr. SHERMAN. On that question I shall
hav& to call for the yeas and nays if the motion
is pressed. We must proceed with some regu-
larity with business, and I trust we shall go on
with the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from Connecticut to postpone the
consideration of the special order that the bill now
before the Senate may be proceeded with.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. SHERMAN callod for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Buckalew. Cowan, I>avf«, Doollule,
Hale, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Pomoroy, Powell, Ram-
sey, Kiddle, tfuinner, Van Winkle, niul YVilkinson—lf>,
NA VS—-Me-;srs. Anthony, Chandler, Uhnk, (JolLimc*,
('Omits:*, J)ixon, Fesseiulen, Foot, Fewer, Guiih's, Howe,
Lain; of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, fthmnnn,
Sprnguc, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, tVilley, and Wilhon—2D.
ABSENT—Messrs. liiown, Oarhie, Harding* Harlan,
Humlnuks, Hicks, Howard, McHougnll, Morrill, No.sinuh,
Uicbmdhon, Suutabury, YVadu, and Wright.
So the motion was not agreed to.
NATIONAL CUIUtKNCY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 395) to provide a national cur-
lency, secured by the pledge of United States
bonds, ami to provide for the circulation and ic-
dt-mptiun thereof, the pending question being on
the following amendment submitud by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumnf.u] as a sub-
stitute for thi' amendment made us in Committee
of the Whole to the forty-first section of the bill:
And in Jlou of all other taxo* on the capital, circulation,
ricpoMttf, shaie,-*, and oilier piopoity, every association shall
pay m the TiniMiier of the United States, in the months ol
Janmuy nnd July, a duly of one pot oeui. inch huh' yc.u
from ami afiei the Kt day ol Januaiy, !SG L upon the n'wr-
aye amount of Its® note* in eheuiation, and a dntv of one
half of one per cent. <;ach half yr,u upon the"aveia«o
amount of its depoMtx, and a. duty of one halt of one p7-r
cent, each half year, as aforesaid, on the avei.tge amount of
H« eapital stock huyond the amount inve?ted in United
Htaten bond*; ami in casoof deiault in the payment t here-
of by any association, the duties aforesaid muv he eolleeted
in the manner provided foi the collection ot United States
dutierf of other corporations, or the Tieas.uiei may reserve
the amount of such duties out of the interest as u may 1>< 1
eonie due on the bonds deported with Imn by stieli defanlt-
niK a*soolatlon. And caeh ashociatton shall, within ten
day* fioin the days of January and July oi each year,
make a return, under the oath of Us piesident or cashier,
to Uie 'J'jeaMirei of the United States, m sneh form ,i*he
may prci-eribo, oi the average amount of its not*** m eiieu-
Jatmn, and of the average amount ot its rb'posiN, .mdVi the
average amount of it.s capital stock beyond the amount in-
vested in (/iiited .States bonds, tor the six months next pie-
eedinjr the 1st days of January and Jitlv, as aforesaid; and
in default of sueh return, and foi each default ihereoi, each
detauiatig ftssociuuon shall loifWt and pay to the United
fetate-? the fetini < I .*3^00, to be collected eithci out of the inter-
est as it may become due to Mieii ,v«(K'i.iimn on the bonds
deposited with the Treasurer, or, at hi* option, in the man-
ner in which penalties aie to beeojlocled oj other eotpor-
tions under the laws of the United State*'$ and in cu->e of
nieh default the amount of the duties to he paid by sneh as-
sociation shall be assessed upon the amount ol notes deliv-
ered tosuchafl.-ocianon by theComptrollei oi the Cmieney,
and upon the highest amount of its deposits and capital
stock, to lie ascertained in Mich other manner as the'i'reas-
uierinaj deem best: Piovidcd, That nothing in thn act
shall exempt the leal estate of associations fioin either^ tat e,
county, or municipal taxes to the same extent, aefordim'
to iu value, a  other real estate is taxed : Provided also,
1 hat all taxoa imposed by the> or any future acton banking
a^ociations oiganized under national le-/isl,uion «hill be
applied exclusively to the payment oi the inteiestand prin-
cipal of the national debt of the United States.
j\lr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to continue
the debate; but a letter was referred to yesterday
by the Senator from Massachusetts and the Sen-
ator from Maine, and I request that the letter be
read, and I ask the attention of the Senate to it.
.It is from the Secretary of the Treasury on the
£oint now befoie us. I send it to the Chair.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows;
Treasury Department, May 2, 1664.
Sir: Nothing but my deep sense of the importance of
sustaining by every possible means the public credit, upon
which the sole dependence of the Government for means
to suppress the insurrection must rest, would induce me to
address you this letter upon a subject which has already
received s^much consideration.
The bill m lelation to the national banking system now
under debate is in the nature uf an amendment to the act
of last session. Though a complete bill in itself, it con-
tains few provisions not substaiuiallyembraced in thatact,
among which that in relation to tiie measure and distiibu-
tion of taxation may be regarded as perhaps the most im-
portant.
Under ordinary circumstances there might be no insu-
perable objection to leaving the propeity organized under
the national hanking law subject; as are almost all descrip-
tions of property, to general taxation, State, national, and
municipal. Hut m the present condition of the country, I
respectfully submit that this particular description ot piop-
erty should he plaeert'ln the same category with imported
goods before entry into general consumption, and be sub-
jected to exclusive national taxation.
At the present moment, the duties on imports form the
sole reliance of the Government for means to pay the in-
terest on the public debt. If to these means the taxes to
be paid by the national bank's s-hall be added, a most impoit-
ant addition will be made to those resources. The mere
fact that the«e ta.\e.s aie made payable to the national Gov-
ernment, and so available for the payment of interCft on
the public debt and lor the induction of its principal, will
greatly strengthen the public cieditand facilitate the nego-
tiations of the neces^uy loans at moderate lates ot inter-
est. I have no doubt that such a disposition of these taxes
would he worth moie to the Government during the pies-
ent stiuirgle m practical results than three times the actual
value oi the taxes; themselves.
f do not at all suggest that, this description of propeity
should not be taxed as heavily as any other description.
On the contiary, i think it only just that it should hear its
full proportion of the public buideus. I urn only anxious
that the taxation upon it shall he made to contnhute as
largely as possible to the geneial wellaic; and it is the con-
viction, deeply impressed on my mind, that it will con-
tnhute mote when aggregated in one mass and made Jo
tell upon the geneial public eiedit than when distributed
between the nation and the Slates and mnneious munici
pal coipositions, that piompth me to addre. .s these views
to you.
Under any plan of partition that may bo adopted, the
amounts, oi taxation dij-tiibumhle to the several .States and
niuiueip.ilities will lie eompaintively small and ummpoit-
aut, and if is quite possible Unit the total taxation of bank-
ing pi opei iv lot all pin pose-, will he le^s than it will be if
ta\ed e\< hiM\e|) lor national piuposi;>. The advantages
ot parlition to ,Slates and municipalities will iheieioiu b"
small, and the banks may not lose by it. The nation alone
Will he injured. v
It will not be understood of course that the foregoing
suggestions are intended to apply to leal estate held by any
banking association. •That description of pioperty must
necessanly be held by titles under State laws, and should
piopeily he subjected exclusively to Ptate taxation, except
m the event ol a direct tax by Congiess. The case is other-
wise with the personal pioperty and credit* of the banking
associations. TIkjm> receive their organization fiom na-
tional law and for gieat national ptnposes, and may there-
to! e with great propi icty, and as I have endeavored to show,
at the pr< .sent tune with gi cat public advantage, he subject-
ed to exclusive national taxation.
Veiy icspeetfniiy, >ouis, S. P. CHASE,
Secretary of th c Treasury.
Hon. William I'itt Fksskndkn, t'kaiimanof Committee
on Finance, Senate Chamber.
Mr. SHERMAN, I do not wish to continue
the discussion on this question, because I am very
desirous to press a vote on the bill at as early a
day as possible; J will merely make this remark,
that the proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts shows that the friends of exclusive na-
tional taxation do not wish to relieve these banks
from their fair share of taxes. The tax imposed
by the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is greater in amount than the amount
]>i oposcd by the Committee on Finance. The tax
that will be yielded under this pending proposi-
tion is considerably larger than tfie entire tax
that will be yielded under the amendment of the
Committee on Finance, including all State, muni-
cipal, and corporation taxes. The rate proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts is two per
cent. circulation, one per cent, on deposits,
two per cent, on capital m excess of circulation,
which is equivalent to not less than three per
cent, on circulation. This is a very large tax 
greater, far gieater, in my judgment, than the tax
imposed by the Committee on Finance. The tax
proposed by the Committee on Finance is une
per cent, on circulation and one half of one per
cent, on deposits, and then it reserves the stock
of the shareholders for State and municipal pur-
poses. My statement is correct that the amount
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts is
greater in the aggregate than that proposed by
the Committee on Finance. The only question
in my mind is whether it is not better to levy all
the taxation that may be imposed on these banks
by the national Government exclusively; and
therefore 1 come back to the argument I submitted
before, that to secure uniformity of taxation, uni-
formity of burdens, and certainty, so as to secure
the amount of the tax beyond a doubt, I think it
better to leave all the taxation to national author-
ity. For this reason [ shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts; but if
that shall fail, I trust that the friends of the bill
may take the amendment of the Committee on
Finance and let us proceed to close the consider-
ation of the bill at as early an hour as possible,
and I hope it will be during the day. If the Sen-
ate will bear with me and adhere to the subject,
1 shall press a vote, hoping to close the matter
to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays .
on the amendment offered by me.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. rOWELL. Is it in order now to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts?
•The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is an
amendment to an amendment, and a further
amendment is not in order.
Mr. POWELL. If it shall be adopted, can it
then be amended?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certain amend-
ments will be in order, but not any changing the
character of the amendment that has been agreed
to.
Mr. SUMNER. I presume that an amend-
ment by way of addition would be in order after
this lias been adopted? [" Certainly."]
Mr. POWELL. 1 desired to move an amend-
ment to the amendment before the vote was taken,
but as it is not in order, of course 1 cannot do so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 24; as follows:
Y1}AS—Me^rs. Chandler, Conness, Ttowaid, Lane of
Indiana, f'omeroy, Ramsey, Slieimmi, Spugue, Sumner,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—11.
NAYS—Mossri. Anthony, Buekalo\v,Ciirlilc, Claik. Col-
lainci, Cowan, Davis, Duon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot,
J''n.-tn, <Jrimi\-,Udle, Heildeison, Howe, Johnson, Morjan,
J'owcll, Itn■ (i;inl -oi). itiddle, Ten Eyck, Ti umbull, and Van
Winkle—21.
ABSENT—Messis.Brown, Harding, Harlan, Han is Hen-
dricks, flicks, Lane ot Kansas, MeUougall, Moinll, Nes-
1111th, Saulsbury, Wade, Willey, and W'nglit.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now ia on agreeing to the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, aa it was amended
yesterday on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Ciiandi.fr ]
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish now to amend the
amendment of the committee in one small par-
ticular. 1 wish in the beginning of the amend-
ment to strike out the words "in lieu of all other
taxes."
_ Mr. SUMNER. If I understand the opera-
tion of that amendment, it is to save to the States
the right of taxation. I hope the woids will not
be struck out.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is only to save our own
taxes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then say " in lieu of all
existing taxes." In the act to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government, ap-
proved March 3, 18G3, not the currency act but
an act subsequently passed, there is a tax on na-
tional banks, and this is to supersede that. The
Senate will remember that in the bank bill of last
session there was a tax of two per cent, on circu-
lation, but that was modified by a subsequent act
at the same session, and therefore the tax here
proposed ought to be "in lieu of the existing
taxes" provided in those acts.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that
change of the phraseology. What I want is that
we shall not tie up our hands. I modify my
amendment so as to propose simply to strike out
the word " other" and insert " existing;" so aa
to make the clause read " in lieu of all existing
taxes." °
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment to theamendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDES F pro tempore. The question
now is on concuinng m the amendment made as
in Committee ot the Whole as amended.
