1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
ing the antecedents of both parties upon that sub-
ject.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman will extend
to me the courtesy which he extends to his col-
league 1 will piopose to amend his bill by striking
out that prohibitory clause, thus leaving the bill
uncommitted upon that subject.
Mr. ASHLEY. I have no objection to the gen-
tleman making that motion.
Mi'. COX. With the permission of the gen-
tleman I will move to amend so as to provide that
the Territory shall not be admitted into the Union
as a State until there is evidence that she has a
population equal to the ratio of a member of Con-
gress, m the form of former bills upon that subject.
The SPEAKER. To which gentleman does
the gentleman from Ohio yield to offer an amend-
ment?
Mr. ASHLEY. To the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. MALLORY. My amendment is to strike
out that clause which prohibits slavery and invol-
untary servitude.
Mr. ASHLEY. I think thatis the only amend-
ment I can receive. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers,and appointed
Mr. Ashley and Mr. Cox.
The House divided; and the tollers reported—
ayes 60, noes 36.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
.The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw my amendment.
I will not insist upon it.
The SPEAKER. The lule states tlmt after the
previous question is seconded and the main ques-
tion ordered, a motion to amend,or other propo-
sition, cannot be withdrawn, because that might
have been the inducement to the House to second
the previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. The rule has universally
been that a member can always withdraw an
amendment when he chooses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the rule
read. The Chair recollects theiule very distinctly,
and thinks he has quoted the exact language of
the rule, and the Journal clerk thinks so aiso.
The Chair will turn to the rule, however, in a
moment.
Mr. THAYER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read.
The Clerk read from the Digest, as fallows:
"A motion to amend cannot be modified after the pie-
viou-? question is scowled, doubtless for tin.' leason that
the pendancy of a particular amendment may bo the in-
ducement for seconding the previous question."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will see that the Chair quoted the language
of the rule.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
I would inquire what my amendment is?
The SPEAKER. It is to strike out a certain
part of the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. What part? I have never
indicated the piecise part.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion was
to strike out that part of the bill which requires
the constitution to be a free constitution.
Mr. MALLORY. I submit that an amend-
ment of that kind is too vague and indefinite to
be entertained by the Speaker of the House.
Mr. WASHJBORNE, of Illinois. Isubmitthat
the gentleman cannot make that objection to his
own amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that it
is the constant practice of the House to entertain
motions to strike out a certain part of a bill with-
out the amendment being reduced to writing.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest that an amend-
ment must be reduced to writing.
The SPEAKER. The point of order comes
too late. If it had been made by the gentleman
from Kentucky at the time he offered his amend-
ment the Chair would have sustained it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MALLORY. Can an amendment be out
of oidet when u is offered and afterwaids become
in ordei ?
The SPEAKER. It is the daily practice of
the House to consider bills containing nppropri- ,
ations in the House when the question is put to
the House and no objection is made.
Mr. MALLORY. The Speaker of the House
is very censurable for entertaining such a vague
amendment. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That may be.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 17, nays 86; as follows:
YJEAS—Messrs. James C.Allen, Ancona, Cbanlcr, Cox,
Dawson, Denton, Eldridge, Hall, Harding, Knapp, Long,
Mallory, William II. Miller,Morrison, John O'Neill, Ro&s,
and Stiles—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Daily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter,
Beaman, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Blow. Boutvvell,
lloyd, Bioomali, Jaine* S. Biown, Ambtose W. Olatk,
Cobb, Cole, Henry Wintei Davis, Thomas T. Oct vis, Dawes,
Donnelly, Dnggs Dumont, Eliot, FauiMvorth, Fenlon,
Fiatik, Gat field, Gooeh, Gn>wold, ITighy, Hotchkiss, John
II. Hubbaid, Hatching, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Kernan, Longyear, Marvin, McAl-
lister, McBrido, MeCl'iig, Mefndoe, Samuel F. Miller,
Moorhoad, Daniel Morrw. Atno-< Myerc. Leonaid Mver<,
Notion, Charles O'Neill, Oitit, Petlmm, Pike, Price, Alex-
andet H. Itice, John II. Kteu, James S. Rollins, Scolield,
.Shannon,Smith, Smithes, Spalding, Starr,Steven^,Swear,
Timyer,Thomas, Tuey, LTp-on, Van Valkenburgli, Ehhu
B. Wa-lil>urne, William B. Washburn, Webster, WJialcy,
Will nuns, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,and Woodbridge—80.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Sloan was detained
from the House by extreme indisposition in nis
family.
Mr. FENTON announced that his colleague,
Mr. Kellogg, had been called home on account
of sickness in his family, and was paired with Mr.
McKinney.
Mr. WILSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hubbard, was detained from the House by sick-
ness, and that if present he would have voted
" no" on this question.
Mr. COX. I desire now to offer the amend-
ment which I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
now.
Mr, COX. My colleague [Mr. Ashley] gave
me the privilege of offering it. I indicated to him
my amendment before the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mallory] indicated his.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to whom he
yielded the floor, and he said that he yielded it
to the gentleman from Kentucky. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] was
not sent up to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. COX. I think that owing to this misap-
prehension my colleague will allow my amend-
ment to be voted on.
Mr. ASHLEY. I have another bill here to
which my colleague can offer his amendment.
Mr. COX. I prefer to offer it to this bill.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done, the main
question having been ordered.
Mr. COX. The understanding on this side of
the House was that we should have a vote upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated distinctly
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] re-
fused to yield except to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. COX. That was after my colleague had
agreed to accept my amendment; but 1 will not
piess it on rny colleague.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENNET. I wish to call the attention of
the House to a clerical omission in the second sec-
tion of the bill just passed; and I ask unanimous
consent to have it supplied. It is simply to add
the words '• to the place of beginning."
The SPEAKER. The omission cannot be sup-
plied by unanimous consent. The Chair has ex-
amined the bill, and has no doubt that that is
now the true intent and meaning of the bill.
MUSSAGK FKOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed an act (No. 52) to provide for the sum-
mary trial of minor offenses against the laws of
the United States; in which he was directed to auk
the concurrence of the House.
- STATE GOVERNMENT FOR NEBRASKA.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next business
in order, to call for reports on territorial business.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories,Reported a bill to enable the people of Ne-
braska to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read in full.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by adding at the
end of the first section the following:
Piovidcd, That the said Territory shall not be admitted
as a State until Congress shall he satisfied by a census taken
under authority of law that the population of said Terri-
tory shall be equal to that required as the ratio for one mem-
ber of Congress under the present apportionment.
Mr.' BEAMAN. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was first on agree-
ing to Mr. Cox's amendment.
Mr. ELDR1DGE callcd fortheyeasandnays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Raldwin, James S. Blown, ClKinler, Cnx, Dawson, Dotii-
soti, Eldridge, Hall, Harding, Hairmgton, Ilerriek, Ilolmari,
Kalbfleiseh, Keman, Law, Long, Mallory, Matey, McAl-
lister, McDowell, fliliddleton, James JR. Morns, Noblf,
Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Potry, Pruyn, Rogers,
James S. Rollins:, Ross,John B. Steele, WilliamG. Steele,
Utiles, Suoiwe, Sweat, Vooihees, Wadswortli, Webster,
Wheeler, and Yeantan—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Amos, Anderson, Ash-
ley, Daily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Francis P.
Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutvvell, Boyd, Broomnll,
Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis,
Dawes, Denting, Donnelly, Driggs, Dmnont,Eckley, Eliot,
Fenlon, Ftank, Iligby, Hoopei, {ioichkbs. John H. Hub-
bard, JCassnn, Kelley, Fiance W. Kellogg, Lorigvear, Mar-
vin, McJ3iide,McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. MiHer, Moor-
head, Moirill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myns, Leonard Myers,
""Notion, Chaile-s O'Neill, Orth, Perhmn, Pike, Price, Alex-
ander II. Rtee, John H. Rice. Scofielri, Shannon, Smith,
Smitheis, Spalding, Stevens,Thayer,Thomas Ttaoy, Up-
&on, Van Valkenbuigh, Elthu 1>. Wu'-hbutne, William B.
Wa«hburn, Whaley, Wilder, Wilson, Wtndom,and Wood-
bridge—72.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PENDLETON stated that his Colleagues,
Messrs. McKinney, Johnson, C. A. White, and
J. W. "White, were paiied off with other gentle-
men.
Mr. NORTON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Arnold, had been under the necessity of leaving
the House on account of illness.
The result was announced as above recorded.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FENTON. Before the House proceeds
to other territorial business, 1 ask consent to make
a personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. FENTON. The explanation I desire to
make is not personal to myself, but to a fuend of
mine.
On the 27th of February the honorable gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] in his place on
this floor, in a speech made by him, rend a letter
written by Steptoe B. Taylor, which was pub-
lished in the Baltimore American of February 2,
reflecting upon the official conduct of Mr. H. A.
Risley, the supervising special agent of the Treas-
ury Department, alleging that he had given a
permit to a notorious rebel blockade runner to
tianspoU a quantity of goods within the lebel lines
in the countiesofNorthumberland and Lancaster,
Virginia, under the trade regulations of the Treas-
ury Department, an act which thegentleman from
Missouri remarked jvould have sent any one other
than a Treasury agent to FortLa Fayette.
Now, sir, I am personally well acquainted with
Mr. Risley; he comes from my district; and I know
him to be a gentleman of high character, honor,
and integrity. If I had been in my seat when the
speech of the gentleman from Missouri was made,
I should have interrupted him, and repelled any
assault orchargc upon htm for official misconduct.
I presume that it had not come within the ob-
servation of the gentleman from Missouri that
