1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
British Government has done, more than the Rus-
sian Government lias done ? Do you suppose it
is necessary for us to do more than furnish our
Navy to survey the loute, to transport their mate-
rials, and to pink their wire-,that more is necessary
for us than to give them land, the right of way,
the eternal use, for such they get under the bill? If
anybody comes to that conclusion, lie reaches a
vastly different one from the conclusion atwhich
I have arrived.
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator from
Iowa dors not deal with his usual fairness when
he attributes to me a disposition to argue the
merits of this cause on the question of taking up
the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I only followed the example
of the Senator's associate and himself.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 caution the honorable Sen-
ator not to follow a bad example, when he chooses
to apply it to me, (or, sir, I forbore to say any-
thing on the merits, and simply invoked the Sen-
ator" from Missouri not to undertake to prejudice
the mind of the Senate against this bill outside.of
its merits; and 1 did not suppose that on the
question of mere taking up I should be allowed
to state the merits of the case very much at large;
and 1 do not purpose to do so now further than 1
iirid it necessary to reply to the argument of the
Senator from Iowa. But before I reply to him,
before 1 tell the Senate what the mare's nest is
that he supposes lie has discovered in the circu-
lar which he has read, 1 want to say a word as
to what I understood occurred on a former oc-
casion. Then it was said that there was no evi-
dence before the Senate that the American interest
had secured any grant from the Russian Govern-
ment or from the British Government at all, and
the papers not beingat hand they were demanded.
Now, sir, this question has been before a com-
mittee of the Senate, whose duty it was to inform
the Senate on some things, to find some facts, and
one fact they did find was that the gentleman who
represents the American interest had made a ben-
eficial contract with the Russian Government by
\\ Inch he had sccun-il an undei taking on the pai t
uf the Russian Government to build a line of tel-
egtaph in connection with the European lines
down to the mouth of the Amoor uver; and a
further fact that the Russian Government had
conferred upon this American citizen the light,
the exclusive right, to extend that line of tele-
graphic communication to Bebring's straits, and
thence across the straits to the British frontier;
and further that this same American citizen had
acquired the right from the Biinsh Government
to con st l uct in continuation this hue to the Amer-
ican boundary. These aie prominent facts, im-
portant facts in the ease; the committee find them
and report them to the Senate. If anybody doubts
on that subject, here are the documents; hero is
the original document ill the Russian language,
and here is the interpretation of it; and lieteis the
document fiom the British Government, showing
ill detail that these lights have been secured to
this American citizen. 1 will send them to the
Cleik's desk to be read at the proper timeif any-
body raises a question on that point.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 dislike to interrupt the
Senator, but 1 think the 1 tiles are to very little
purpose if we can discuss the merits of a question
on a motion to take it up. This discussion has
been prolonged to such an extent that I do not
know but that it ought to be permitted to go on
now; but I supposed the question was on taking
uii the bill, and I submit whether we can discuss
the merits of the bill on that motion.
Mr. MORRILL, i understand the honoiable
Senator to be quite light about that. I began by
saying that it was not my intention to go very
far into the met its of the case, and I think I am
auihorizf d in what 1 have said by what has been
.said on ihe other side. It is stnctly in reply.
Now, a word in answerto the argument of my
honorable fi lend from Iowa, which is calculated-
no t designed, 1 know—to create a pi ej udice against
this mtastue before it is in a condition to be coil-
sideied uy the Senate. That is the tendency of
it. He reads a cucular here which lie thinks
prejudices this clann at a time when it is not be-
fnie the Senate to be considered on its merits.
Now, sir, let us look at it. What aie the in-
ferences which the honorable Senatordesiies the
Senate to draw from the circular he has read in
your hearing? He says liere is an overgrown
monopoly back of this; Mr. Collins is the mere
cieature m their hands; he has little or no inter-
est in it. Well, it is a monopoly of the Ameri-
can Government; it is a child of your own; if it
is odious and hateful it is your fault. But is it
so? In what sense is the Western American
Union Telegraph Company a hateful monopoly?
Where is the evidence of that? That is all as-
sumption, I submit, with all respect to my hon-
orable friend. I have yet to learti that the Western
Union Telegraph Company (if that is its name)
is a hateful and odious monopoly, at the mention
of whose name the legislation of theSenate should
stand aghast. I content myself with saying that
there is no evidence of any such thing before the
Senate.
Mr. BROWN. Permit me to call the Sena-
tor's attention to the fact that it has been neces-
sary for us here already at this session to legis-
late against the abuses of that company—legis-
late against their abuses in selling at high and
exoibitant lates the tiansinission of news to
single papeis and associations of papers, exer-
cising a discrimination against others; and that
it has won the hostility of almost the entire press
of the United States in consequence.
Mr. MORRILL. I think it very likely. The
press aie a little sensitive on a great many subjects
in which 1 do not sympathize very much. I am not
going into that controversy. What is to be appre-
hended from this monopoly of which the honorable
Senator speaks? What calamity is to befall the
American people if this monopoly is permitted
to build this telegraph line, and so connect with
those which arc to complete the circuit ot the
woild? That is the question. How is the pub-
lic interest to be prejudiced or injured by it? Will
the honorable Senator be kind enough to explain
that to us?  
This hue, as I understand, is to cost an outlay
of at least $5,000,000. The Secretary of State
tells you in ins communication to llie Senate that
probably it will cost an outlay of §10,000,000.
Slow is thai investment to be made? Who is to
make it? The telegraph poles'.ire to beset up
and the wnes to be put upon them at an expense
of fi am fue to ten millions. Wlioistodo itr The
Government does not propose to pay a dollar.
Mr. Collins, with all the enterprise helms ex-
hibited, and it is of the most commendable cliai-
acter, is not able to do it. Wlieie is the man or
the set of men that is to give to the American
people this great boon of a telegraph around the
globe? Will the honoiable Senator tell me that?
"oil! he says, it can all be done; theie is no trouble
about it; it will go itself; if you put up the poles,
the line, according to the laws of gravitation or
some other gieat law not explained, economicor
otheiwise, will iai!ge along the poles, and tile
lightnings will begin to flash some morning when
the sun "rises. But, sir, telegiaphs aie not pro-
duced in that way; they are not the product of
any such law that 1 ever heard of. If the honor-
able Senator can tell me who will build this line,
who will put in the five or the ten million dollars,
I will tui n my back on this hateful company that
he speaks of, but until he can show me the man
or the class of men that has the spirit or the en-
terpnse to undirtake to construct a thousand
miles of line through a tiackless desert a portion
of it, and some of it up to the latitude of 63° noith,
until he can show me the man of spirit and enter-
! prise that has the capita! and is willing to do It,
| I shall continue to think it singular good fortune
j that the Aniencdii people have cherished in their
nudst au institution, it it be £tn institution, oi a
! company that has the means and the enterpiise
1 to undertake the accomplishment of such an ob-
. ject as this. .
• 'l'luit jy niy j ud iruicii 11 n touju u to 115 unci instead
i of invoking si pifjudice tins company, I
| think they deserve (air commendation and the
! thanks of the Amei lean people that they are will-
! ing to come foi ward and to seconu the movements
! ot this citizen of ours, Mr. Collins, who has de-
voted the last ten yeais of ins lite with singulai
I assiduity, with wondeiful enterprise, to this gieat
j work.
1 The honorable Senator informs us that Mr.
: Collins has been commercial agent of the United
1 States duiing all that time. Does the honoiaole
' Senator know what salary he has had r Does the
I honorable Senator know what pittance he has
I lived on? Does the honorable Senator know that
the salary paid to him lias been merely nominal,'. .
mere nothing? During the tell yearsho.has been;
there he has projected tilis great enterprise which
is to encircle the globe with a telegraphic wire;:
and he comes and lays it dowtra boon at yeur-
feet. He tells you that he has not only been able
to obtain the favor of the great Power of Russiar
for its encouragement, and to bring the line"clowh"
to the mouth of the Amoor river, butthatPosrer
has given 0 him, an American citizen, the.ex- -
elusive right to construct the line to the eastarvd.
across its possessions; and thence across the Brit-
ish possessions he has the right from the.British
Government.
This is an enterprise on which the -honorable"
Senator thinks it is worth his while to invoke the
prejudice of the Senate. I commend Mr. Col-
lins for his enterprise, his public spirit, his self-
sacrificing devotion to a great enu; fori stand
here to say that among the great tilings of the
last half century none will stand higher in history
than this, and I take especial pride in the fact that-
an American citizen has conceived it and has ac-
complished it thus far. (t needs now, what? Jt
needs for the American Government to say that-
ill the spirit of enterprise, international comity,
and commercial unity, they will cooperate with
the Russian Government and the British Gov-
ernment, and join hands in putting around the
globe an electric circle. On that.my honorable
friend from Iowa invokes the prejudice—no, I do
not know that I ought to say that; but the argu-
ment that he submits here is calculated to excite'
the prejudice of the Senate against the whole en-
terprise, to postpone its consideration, throw it
over to the next session, when 1 have already ad-
monished him that that is fatal to the whole en-
terprise, and that to postpone is to defeat. •
My honorable friend has read from this circu-
lar; he does not favorus with the inferences which
he draws, but he states it in a way to leave us to
draw the most unfavorable inferences. That is
what I complain of. He says that this West-
ern Union Telegraph Company propose to issue
ten thousand shares of special or extension stock
for the purpose of building these eight thousand,
miles of telegraphic line from the American pos-
sessions to the Russian possessions and the mouth
of the Amoor river. What of that? is there
anything wonderful ill that? Is there anything
that should cxcite your apprehensions of danger?
Is there anything in that fact which would ad-
vertise the Senate to be on their 5u.11 J against
conspiracy? Was any company ever oigamzed
yet that did not issue stock in a similar way?
How is a road or a telegraph ever to be built ex-
cept upon the issue of stock ?
Mr. CONNESS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to suggest to him that we are now or-
ganizing just such a company, just such a mo-
nopoly, for the building of an overland Pacific
railroad, giving them a grant of §100,000?
Mr. MORRILL. 1 am quite obliged to my
honorable fi lend. . .
Mr. BROWN. I would suggest also that nis
not customary, though, for committees charged
with that business to report against all rival
'routes.
Mr. MORRILL. I had not the good fortune
to hear my friend from Missouri.
Mr. BROWN. I was answeung the Senator
from California.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator says his an-
swer was to me. I confess I do not understand
him. 1 undeistood him to say that committees
to whom such subjects were referred were not m
the habit of making reports against rival routes.
Am I right? I certainly am at a loss to know
what the honorable Senator means.
Mr. BROWN. I will explain, with the pei-
mission of the Senator from Maine, that to tins
same committee that has reported the bill giant-
ing this subsidy to this line through California
and Oregon, another bill was committed gianting
a subsidy to an oveiland line from Idaho across;
that the committee in making their reports have
discriminated against that, have given the subsi-
dies and land grants to this line, and have not
only done so but have given it branches ail
thnmMi the Territories of the United States,
making it virtually the largest monopoly 111 the _
woild. ,, , ,
Mr. MORRILL. If I couldsuppose anybody
oil earth had any private griefs as to that action
