1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2143
Mr. HOWARD callod for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 29, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Caihle, Claik,
Coilamer. Conness, Cowan. Davis!, Dixon, Doolittlo, Fes-
f-uTifU't), Foot. Postci,'Grimes, Jlulo. Hams, Henderson,
Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas Motrin, Powell, Rich-
ardson, Kiddle,'Ten Eyck,'J*iumbull, Van Winkle, Willcy,
and Wilson—^9.
NAYS—2We*.srs. Chandler, I-Inward, Lane of Indiana,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, and Sumner—8.
ABSENT—Me^rs. B.rown, Harding, Harlan, Hendricks,
Hicks, McDouirall, Morrill, Nesmith, Saul&bury, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wright.
So the amendment as amended was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was in section forty-four, after the
word cMhan," in line thirty-four, to strike out
"§100,000, nor less than $200,000 if in a city of
more than fifty thousand inhabitants," and to in-
sert " the amount prescribed for banking associa-
tions under this act."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section forty-six,
to insert after the word " currency," in line eigh-
teen, the words "retaining a copy thereof;" in
line nineteen to strike out " and " after the word
"default;" and in line twenty before the woid
" notice" to strikeout " his,"andaftcr " notice"
to insert " by him."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section forty-seven,
line twenty-four, to strike out the word " equal"
before " amount."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section fifty-three,
line eight, after " United States" to insert " in a
suit brought for that put pose by the Comptroller
of the Currency m his own name."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section fifty-nine,
line twenty-two, to strike out the words " to be"
before the word " fined."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section sixty-one,
to stiike out flie words " to suggest" in line sev-
enteen, and the words " to report"in line twenty-
one.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section sixty-four,
after the word " Congress," in line two, to strike
out the words " reserves the right" and to insert
" may," and after the word '' time" to strike out
"to."
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
been gone through with; but one amendment
made by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole
remains to be acted upon, it is the amendment
in relation to the rate of interest in the thirtieth
section.
Mr. HALE. As that will perhaps take some
time, and as I desire to propose a short amend-
ment that I think will consume no time, 1 should
like to have consent to offer it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan-
will receive it.
Mr. HALE. In the ninth section, after the word
" loan," in line twenty, I move to stnke out the
words "obtained from," and after the word
" debt," in the next line, to strike out the words
" owing to the association of which he is a di-
rector." The section now reads that a man shall
not be a director who does notown certain shares
as required, standing in his own name on the
books of the association, "and that the same is
not hypothecated or in any way pledged as secu-
rity for any loan obtained from or debt owing to
the association of which he is a director." There
is nothing in the bill as it stands to pievcnt a di-
rector from hypothecating and pledging ail the
stock that he owns to any other association ex-
cept the one of which lie is a director. By sink-
ing out the words which 1 have moved to strike
out it will read in this way: " and that the same
is not hypothecated or in any way pledged as se-
curity for any loan or debt," it makes no odds to
whom.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move in section thirty-
one,after " San Francisco," in line twenty-eight,
to insert this clause:
And one half of said twenty-five per cent, in banks j
oigani/.ed under this act m the cities <>l St. Loin*, Louis- !
vllle, Chicago, Dctioit. Milwaukee;,Cincinnati, Cleveland,
Pittsburg, and Portland may consist of balawesduo to the
association available tor tiie icdemption of it* ciiculatitisj
notes, from an association m the cures of New Yoik, Bos>
ton, or Philadelphia.
I will state that the whole business of the North-
west is done in exchange, and balances are re-
quired in these cities to draw on. The amendment
which 1 propose is very important to the western
banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think western banks
ought to keep themselves strong.
Mr. CHANDLER. But their strength lies in
their exchange. I do not know that one dollar
is redeemed at their counters in anythingelse than
exchange on the eastern cities. This is a very im-
portant measure for the Northwest, and I have
consulted the bankers in regard to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a great privilege to the
banks in these cities, and I will state why. If
they are allowed to keep their balances in New
York instead of at home, they will always have
large balances in New York in order to get inter-
est on their deposits in New York, while if they
are required to keep their funds at home they will
keep them at home in their vaults or loan them
out to people there. The cities named in this sec-
tion are centers of redemption. The law expects
the banks there to be very strong, and requires
them to keep one fourth of their deposits and one
fourth of their circulation on hand. Under these
circumstances it seems to me they ought to be re-
quired to keep the moneyat home; otherwise they
will send it to New York where they will receive in-
terest on it,and I donot thinkthey will strengthen
themselves by keeping their money in New York.
They ought to be required to keep this one fourth
on hand. It is no hardship to a bank in a large
city to keep that amount on hand. They get in-
terest on three fourths at home by loaning out
money to the people or sending it to New York
if they choose. A bank at a center of redemp-
tion, wheie they are liable to be called upon to
redeem not only their own issues but the issues
of all these local banks, it seems to me ought to be
lequired to keep one fourth of the whole amount
of their indebtedness on hand.
Mr. CHANDLER. The argument would be
very good if all their icdemptions were not in ex-
change. All the brokers, all the merchants, all
that do business with them, require exchange on
these eastern cities instead of any other redemp-
tion. Suppose a bank in Detroit has half a mil-
lion of capital and a million of deposits; it must
keep in coin after the resumption of specie pay-
ments, and now in greenbacks, $375,000 on hand
all the time, that it does not wantand cannot use.
It has to be just as strong in Boston, New York,
or Philadelphia as though it has not this fund on
hand. It is the usual way to make redemptions
in exchange. Every broker, every merchant,
every man throughout the Northwest takes his
redemption in exchange on the East. Every Sen-
ator from the Northwest understands that per-
fectly.
Mr. POMEROY. The objection in my mind
is that if we allow these various places of redemp-
tion, we make this nothing but a local currency:
it destroys its nationality. If the redemption of
these bills is required to be in New York, then
they will have a unifoim value everywhere, and
we sauili not have to pay the heavy discount winch
wo aie now obliged to pay on exchange. I want
nil these cities, every one of them, except the city
of New Yoik, erased from the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. My amendment is not com-
pulsory; it simply permits the banks to keep this
money where ail the banks of Chicago and De-
troit want to keep it. The bankers there have
urged very strongly that such a provision as this
should be made. One half was first pioposetl, but
on consultation with Mr. Hooper, of the House
of Representatives, it was finally made one fourth.
All other banks are allowed to keep three fifths of
the fifteen per cent, on deposits in any of the de-
positories, and we propose now to say that these
redemption banks may keep one half of the twenty-
five per cent, on deposit in these three eastern
cities if they choose. I think it very important
indeed to the Northwest.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had supposedftom mis-
apprehension that this was to substitute these
three places of redemption for those mentioned in
the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir. It permits those
mentioned to keep one half of their twenty-five
per cent, reserve there.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think it would be a very
great improvement of this bill, if the claims and
pretensions on which it goes are well founded,
that it is to secure a uniform currency, if they
would make the bills not only redeemable in these ■
three cities, but strike out all these other places,
for the effect of it as it now stands is nothing but
to make the places named the centers of a little
larger circle of local circulation; and I move to
amend the gentleman's amendment by striking ,
out all of the cities mentioned in the section except
New York, Philadelphia, and Boston.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Vermont that his
amendment is rather an amendment to the bill than
to the amendment of the Senator from Michigan,
proposing as it does to strike words out of the
bill, and not out of the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am not tenacious of the
form of it. I shall vote against the gentleman's
amendment,with aviewto making theonewhich
I suggest; and I do not know but that I can move
that after I voted for his just as well.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment submitted by the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that I
understand the proposition of the Senator from
Michigan. I should like to inquire whether his
object is to allow all of the banks except the
banks located in the three cities named to keep
one" half of the twenty-five per cent, in those three
cities, to wit, Philadelphia, New York, and Bos-
ton; whether he intends to leave to them the priv-
ilege of keeping that one half as a reserve there,
instead of keeping it at the point of redemption.
He will remember that at St. Louis, Louisville,
Chicago, Detroit, and the other points named in
the bill, the banks there located will have to re-
deem at home. Then do I understand him that
they can keep half of the reserve required, at
either of the three cities of New York, Philadel-
Chia,or Boston, as a substitute for the amount to
e kept at home ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely. Nine citiesare
named which aie to come within the provision.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then New Orleans is
left out.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am perfectly willing to
put that in; but New Orleans is a great center of
her own.
Mr. HENDERSON. I shall vote against this
proposition because I am in favor of the propo-
sition of having a clearing-house for all these
banks somewhere; I want it at some point. I
will vote to put it first at New York. 1 want but
one clearing-house. If I cannot get it at New
York, I will vote to putitat PhiladelphiaorBos-
ton. I want but the one, and the idea of our
getting anything like a uniform currency out of
this bill in any other way is perfectly absurd to
my mind, and therefore I shall vote against this
amendment, hoping that when it does come in or-
der a proposition may be made striking out all of
these points except the city of New York. I
believe that exchange in all western cities is* al-
ways in favor of the city of New York; it rarely
ever occurs that it is otherwise; and a currency
redeemable in the city of New York would be
good almost anywhere; it certainly would be at
any point east of the Rocky mountains. 1 do
not know how it would be upon the Pacific coast.
Certainly we shall approach nearer to uniformity
by having one point of redemption, and there-
fore I am not in favor of any proposition what-
ever that will tend to make the system worse
even than it is in the bill; I will not vote to es-
tablish a system which looks to having different
points of redemption. The Senator's amend-
ment is proper perhaps in its place, based on the
idea of a multiplicity of points of redemption;
and I would not object to it if I couid go upon
that idea, but desiring to have another motion
made, and desiring that there shall be one point,
of com so I wish that all amendments of this
character looking to a continuance of this system
shall be voted down.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator, I suppose,
