1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
New Hampshire will adopt some more appropri-
ate ku'-icu^e m ouler to expiess that idea, 1 should
be t Xi t-< t!ii)s;iV °;rateful to him for doing it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Chair permit me
to surest 1 hat the amendment be read as;ain?
Thr"PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be re-
ported again from the desk.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The object of that amend-
ment would effectualiy nullify, if 1 may use the
expression, enlistments into the Navy in my own
State. Enlistments are procured there by paying
bounties and paying high bounties. A town has
to make oat its quota, say one hundred men. The
citizens are not willing perhaps to enlist either in
the Army or Navy. In order to induce them to
onhst; the various towns offer bounties, some
POO, some $400, and some even as high as §500
for an enlistment. Now, provided they get a
good soldier or a good sailor, their object is ac-
complished. The idea of the section is to relieve
the town; that if they procure future enlistments
into the Navy as well as into the Army through
their exettions and by their money, they shall
have the credit and the benefit of it m the estima-
tion of the amount of men required ot them.
Let me ask the Senator from Iowa what differ-
ence does it make whether these men are abso-
lutely residents of the town and citizens of the
State or not, provided you get them and they are
the i ight kind of men ? The effect of his amend-
ment, so far as my own State is concerned, would
be to leave matters just as they are now. There
would be no particular effoit to get men to enlist
into the Navy. The Senator must recollect that
this is not like the case of men voluntarily coming
forward to enlist in the Navy on bounties paid
by the General Government. If that was the
case, his idea would be a correct one; but that not
hemic so, the object being accomplished by the
effort of the town or the ward, whatever it may
be, and the money paid by them, it makes no dif-
ference to the Government whetficr the persons
enlisted are citizens or otherwise of that town or
ward, unless t het e is a d t ft ere nee between the class
of men. I suppose, therefore, that the operation
of the amendment would in fact defeat^ in a very
great degree, so far as my State is concerned, and
probably so far as Massachusetts is concerned,
the very object the Senator has in view.
Mr. GRUMES, i should like to have the Sen-
ator fiom Maine tell me how lie is going to carry
- the law as it stands into execution without the
amendment I propose? How is the Provost Mar-
shal Geueial going to credit the men who have
been enlisted in the naval service m the city of
Boston ? Ilow, under tins eighth section, as it
now stands without this amendment, is any town
in the Slate of Maine gome to get any credit for
citizens of Maine enlisted m the Ciuirlestown ren-
dezvous?
Mi. FESSENDEN. I do not suppose any
town in Maine will get credit for them it they are
enlisted in the Chas lestown rendezvous, and thev
would not get ciedit for them at any rate under
any circunis'a-iees as the lull stands,that I know
of; because if they are enlisted in the Charles town
rendezvous, does it state precisely where they
come from? Is there any provision icquiringa
statement as to where they belong, what towns,
what States, and wheic they are citizens?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; then they get
no ciedit. My object is, and I suppose the object
of the amendment is, when men ate enlisted in a
particular place, and by the effoits of that place,
if you please to call it s.o, that that locality shall
Lave the benefit. If that cannot be accomplished,
the law is null.
Mr. GRIM ES. The purpose I had in view was
to accomplish exactly what the people of Maine
desued win n 1 was in Maine a short tune ago. i
found the United States ship Ino down at W is-
easset. It was down there for the purpose ot lair-
ing enlisted men for the service. I propose by
this amendment to allow each one of the towns
bordering on the coast of Maine the ptivilegc ot
having the men they tatsed and put on boaidthat
vessel, enlisted in their own haibor, creditf d to
the town. Under the law as it now stands, they
would not be''nuiited to the town. Ipioposethat
they .shall be ncdited to the (own, provided they
are citizens or the town.
Mr. COLLAMELi. The bill, at 1 underhand
the reading of it, provides that they shall be cred-
ited in the town in which they enlist, provided
they are residents of that town. The places of
enlistment aie very small in number. Does this
amendment go any further and provide that they
shall be credited to their place of residence, al-
though that residence may not be the place of en-
listment? Does U say anything about their place
of residence?
Mr. GRIMES. I was going to try to explain
what will be the effect and how it will affect the
towns on the coast of Maine. Under the amend-
ment, those towns where men have enlisted in
consequence of bounties furnished by the towns
to induce their citizens, who are fishermen orsail-
ors, to enlist, will be credited with them; but un-
der the bill as it now stands, Boston and New
York will be credited with them. The city of
New York will be credited with some twelve thou-
sand men who are not really citizens of New York;
for I suppose the Senator knows that very few of
the sailors who go to the cities of New York and
Boston are really citizens of either place, orof the
State of New York or Massachusetts. There are
not as many sailors actual citizens of New York
as there arc citizens of the State of Maine. They
are temporary residents there. The vast major-
ity of the sailors in New York are natives of the
north of Europe and Ireland. What I wish to
accomplish is to prevent an undue credit being
given to these great commercial cities like New
York and Boston, to the detriment of the very
section of the country which the Senator desires
to protect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt of the
Senator's intention, and if he could carry his in-
tention out, I should be glad to have him do it.
I am only speaking of the fact. I should be glad
to have the section as it is proposed to be amended
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That nil enlistments
into the naval serviec of tlie U.mod States, or info the ma-
rine eorp- of the United 8tatc>, that may be hereaiturmade
of persons liable to >oivice under the act of Confess en-
tilled '*An act lni eniolhnu; and culling out tins national
forcc, and ibi oilier puipo^e*," appinved Waioli 3,1863,
shall be credited to the ward, town, or township, or couiiv,
when the wune is not divided into waitN, towns, or town-
ships, ta whieh rsucli enlisted men were or may be enrolled
and hahlp to dutv under the act aforesaid, undei sueh ieg-
ulations a>tho ptovo-tMaishai General otthe United .States
may pie«cnbe : Provided, Tliatsuch enlisted men me actual
and honafide citizens and resident ofthe wairi, town, town-
ship, or county in which such enlistments snail be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tho object of that will
be simply this, as I understand it, and if not 1
shall be very glad to be corrected: it would ac-
complish the purpose the Senator from Iowa has
in view; that is, it would prevent the city of New
York, or the city of Boston, in making out its
quota, from availing itself of persons enlisted who
were not residents and citizens of the place; but
how would that benefit the State of Maine, for
instance'1 If these men were eitizena of Maine
and ordinary residents there, and enlisted ill New
Yotk, we should not gitnny credit at all for I hem,
beingenlistedm anotherplace. Therefore it dm s
not benefit us a particle; it only prevents the credit
for I hem being given to New York. But sup-
pose, lor instance, that in the city of Portland,
where I reside, we desired to enlist men for the
naval sei vice  
Mr. GRIMES. Ships can be sent there, 011
which lliey may enlist.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. "We desire
to enlist them, und v.c want the benefit of their
enlistment; but we cannot enlist them without
pay mg bounties, perhaps not to the same amount,
but precisely as we pay bounties for soldiers. Wc
have got to pay for them if we enlist them. If they
come in of themselv es, not being residents or citi-
zens, and el'list in the naval service, very well;
we have nothing to say about it. We have 110
claim unless they are part of our population and
go so far to diminish oui quota. Cut if we have
Sot to raise these men for the naval service as we
taise men for the mil.tary service, by paying them
bounties, what difference does it make to the Gov-
eimiiint whether they are citizens or icsidents,
or not, provid'd we furnish the sailors; and it we
do furnish them bv ourfund.s, why sliouhl we not
have the credit? "The same thing would be tioe
of iloston and New York. They have got to pay
for them if they enroll them. So it is_ now; if
they einoll men mto the military service, they
have got to pay the bounties precisely in the same
way; whether to the same extent or not, I do not
know. What harm is done by allowing them to
have the benefit of them? if the Senator will de-
vise any way in which a citizen of Maine, if en-
rolled in New York, will be credited to Maine, I
shall be very much obliged to him; but what he
proposes does not accomplish it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President,thoreappears
to me to be a difficulty in both the particulars
spoken of by the Senators from Maine and Iowa.
The object that the Senator from Iowa wishes to
attain, as far as Boston, or New York, or any
other large seaport town isconcerned, his amend-
ment accomplishes; but it does not accomplish
the objectwhich the Senator from Maine has, and
which seems certainly to be a proper one. I un-
derstand the Senator from Maine to say that the
port of New York, forexample, should have the
benefit of all men who are enrolled in that city
bccause they pay for tho enrollment. I do not
understand such to be the law. The enrollment
is one thing, the enlistment is another thing. The
act to which this bill is a supplementdirects that
everybody in the city of New York—I select the
city for thepurpose of making my selfunderstood—
who is liable to be enrolled shall be enrolled as
liable to duty. The practical effect of that might
be that the same men would be enrolled in New
York who would be enrolled in Maine. If those
seamen who are enrolled in New York are liable
to duty in Maine, the enrolling officers of Maine
should enroll them; and when,you come to settle
the dispute as between the State of New York or
the city of New Yoik and the particular locality
in Maine where the enrollment had been made,
there would be a conflict which is to have the
benefit of them. Is the town to which they ori-
ginally belonged to have the benefit of them with-
out reference at all to the fact whether the party
was properly enrolled or not? Or will you make
the enrollment in New York conclusive evidence
that whatever seamen are enlisted in the port of
New York are to be credited to New York, and
leave the State of Maine without the benefit of
being credited for the same seamen who have been
enrolled within her limits? I do not know how
we can avoid it; but it would be very desirable
to do so if the principle is right as proposed, (and
it seems to be rialit,) tlmt each locality is to have
the benefit of the seamen who have been enlisted
into the scrvice of the United States, as eachjo-
cality has the benefit of the soldiers who have
been enlisted into the service of the United States.
Some moie difinite and certain provision should
be made than seems to me to be made by the pro-
visions of this bill. 1 think it would be better,
therefore, if there is 110 immediate necessity for
action on it, that the particular section should be
passed over, ilia t we may see if we cannot so frame
the clause as to answer the purpose which the
maioi ity of the Senate may have.
Mi. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion upon the point?
I Ml. JOHNSON. Certainly, sir.
1 Mr. HOWE. The fust part of the section to
| which this amendment is proposed, provides for
j credit for "enlistments into the naval service of
the United States that may be heieafter made of
persons liable to service" under the emollment
act. It seems to suppose that every person en-
listing is liable to military sei vice, and liable to
service fiom some particular locality._ Now, if
tlieie is anything, either in this bill or in tne act
to which thisis proposed as an amendment, which
will enable us to determine tn what particular lo-
cality individuals aie liable to service, then the
latter part of the clause will accomplish just the
object which 1 understand tlu; Senator from Iowa
is dm in^ at, and with out any amendment, because
U deciaies that such a person shall be credih-d to
the town, ward, or county in which he is liable
to scrvice.
Mr. JOHNSON. Hut the practical operation
of the system as it stands, if 1 am conectly in-
formed, is to consider all those seamen who are
enlisted in New Yotk as liable toser\ice there
meteiy from the fact of their enlistment, nothing
else. They do not inquire whether the s< amen
should propetly haw been   nlisted in theStatoof
; Maine, oi whether, enlisted in New York,
! the Slate ofAlaine should be entitled to credit for
I them upon the quota which she is to raise undet
I this act. There ia nothing la this act which says
