1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17.
this letter which "had appeared in the Baltimore
American of February 2 was corrected very soon
thereafter by Mr. Taylor himself, upon the re-
ceipt of a letter from Mr. Risley. I ask that that
letter may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Washington, February 3, 1864.
Messrs. Editors Baltimore American :
My attention has been called to the communication of
Steptoe B. Taylor, in the American of this morning, in
which it is stated that Samuel G. Miles, as the agent of
another patty, has cleared merchandise from Baltimore,
with permission from Mr.Iiisley,the agent of the Treasury
Department, sanctioned by General Butler, to take the same
within the rebel lines.
Allow me to say that no person has at anytime received
authority from me, or from the Treasury Department, to
transport merchandise within the rebel lines.
Regulation VII, of the Treasury Department, concern-
ing commercial intercourse with and in the insurrectionary
States, prescribes that" commercial intercourse with local-
ities beyond the lines of military occupation by the United
States forces is strictly prohibited; and no permit will be
granted ior tlte transportation of any property to any place
under the control of insurgents against tlie United States."
No pei mission has been given in violation of this regula-
tion by me, or by any officer of the Treasury Department,
with my knowledge.
Generals commanding departments have exclusive con-
trol beyond the hues of military occupation by United
States forces,and whatever aetion has been taken by Gen-
eral Butler in the way of supplying necessaiies to the peo-
ple of Lancaster and Northumberland counties, or bringing
out their products and thus diminishing the supplies of the
rebel army, he can doubtless justify on e om« ground of mil-
itary expediency or necessity, H. A. LMSLEY,
Superintendent^ Special ^c.
Baltimore, February/ 8,18G1.
Gentlemen: You will confer on me a favor "by publish-
ing the following apology, which I desire to make to lion.
II. A. Uialey, special agent, 8te., Treasury Department. I
said, in a former communication, that the schooner Ann
IlARiiiiOit, Captain StciJing, with Samuel Q. Miles on boaid
as the agent uf another paity, cleared fiom this poit, See.,
with permission from Mr. Ridley." I made Misstatement,
so far as Mr. Risley is concerned, on information received
from a gentleman in whom I have oveiy confidence, but I
am pcrtoctly satisfied now that ho was mistaken, (Mr. Bin
ley's denial being perfectly satisfactory to me;) and as I
have made the assei t ion through your paper, J desire foapoi-
ogize to him thiough the same, and I deeply i egret that I
should have been led into such an error, thereby eauf-ing
me to bung a charge againsn htm for that with which he
had nothing to do. l will also state that I have (npaittrom
Mr. Uislej^t, assertion) received Information which satis ties
me that f was in eiroi so fai as he was concerned.
But, Messrs. Editois, the said vessel and cargo did e^ar
from this port toi the Gieat Wicomico liver, Northumbei-
land county, Virginia. Mr. Samuel G. Miles, who ii ac-
knowledged by every one who knows him to be aiebel
of the/ -if water, did go in her as a^cng, and the district of
country to which she has gone is cntiu-ly under icbel ju
rjsdietion.
I think it aNo due Genera! Butler that r should say that
in a communication I leeeived fiom him ui rt.hienee to
this subject, he snys, « I will Imv th<> mattcrof your com-
plaint investigated forthwith." I am sure he will do it.
Very respeet/uhy, &o., STEPTOK H. TAYLOR.
Messrs. Editois of the Baltimore American.
Mr.FENTON. This much I dec mod to be
due to my friend, a faithful public officer mid a
gentleman in every social, private, and oflicial
relation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Tlie expla-
nationjust made by my friend from New York
[Mr.fenton] in regard to Mr. Risley maybe
proper, in view of the manner in which the charges
have been made, but certainly no such explana-
tion can be deemed necessary by anybody who
has ever known Mr. Risley. I have known this
gentleman for many years as a man of the high-
est character, probity, and intelligence, and I take
great pleasure in adding my testimony in this be-
half to that which has been so justly borne by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fenton.]
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to say in reference to
Mr. Risley that 1 have had the pleasure of know-
ing him for many years as a man of honor and
integrity, and I should not pay the slightest re-
gaid to any charges made against him. I have
no doubt they are utterly unfounded.
TERRITORY OF MONTANA.
Mr. BEAMAN. I desire now to withdraw the
motion which is pending to reconsider the vote by
which the bill to establish a territorial government
for the Territory of Montana was referred to the
Committee on Territories, and now report the bill
back from that committer; with amendments.
The SPEAKER. The bill is then before the
House for its action.
Mr. KINNEY. The amendments of the Com-
mittee on Territories change the boundaries of
this proposedTerritory. I wish toinquire whether
it takes anything from the Territory of Utah.
Mr. ASHLEY. If the gentleman will look at
the map he will see that it does not come within
a hundred miles of Utah.
Mr. KINNEY. I understand it lies north of
Utah.
Mr. BEAM AN. It does not interfere with the
Territory of Utah at all. I now demand the pre-
vious question upon the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, o'f New York. I ask the consent
of the gentleman to offer an amendment to the
third section of the bill before the previous ques-
tion is ordered upon it.
Mr. BEAMAN. I will hear the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to move
the following to be added to the third section:
Provided, That any of the officeis now appointed under
the act of March 3,1883, lor the Territory ot Idaho, which
is subdivided bv this act. may without am new commis-
sion be aligned by the President of the United States to
the new Temtory hereby created if he shall deem it expe-
dient. Such de&ignauon shall be equivalent in all things
to the appointment authorized by this act.
Mr. BEAMAN. I have no objection to that
amendment being offered and a vote of the House
taken upon it, and will withdraw the demand for
the previous question for that purpose.
The amendments reported by the Committee on
Territories were agreed to. «
Mr. SPALDING. I desire before the previous
question is seconded upon the bill to say that I
understand the Territory of Idaho was only or-
ganized during the last session of Congress, and
that its organization is not in fact yet complete.
And I am at a loss to perceive why we are now
called upon to make another Territory out of the
Territory of Idaho, thus doubling the expenses
of the management of that tract of country. If
there is any good reason fortius increase of our
national expenses then I am willing to vote for
this bill, but until gentlemen give me some in-
formation upon that subject I cannot so vote.
Mr, STEVENS. I have listened to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, and ap-
prove it for this reason: the President would
have the power to transfer them; but he would
have to send them again to the Senate to have
new commissions. If he chooses to transfer those
already appointed from Idaho to Montana with-
out the delay consequent upon newcommissions,
I think that he should; at any rate he has the
power. We know very well that in framing the
original bill the capital is fixed at the extiemo
northwestern comer. 1 suppose that the officers
appointed by this division will, in cffect, no mat-
ter where they reside, be thrown over into that
pait known as Idaho. If he chooses to retain
any officers in Montana, and to appoint others
in that Territory, I can see no objection to his
doing it.
Mr. DAWES. You cannot by an act of Con-
gress make the judges appointed for Idaho the
judges for Montana.
Mr. STEVENS. Tenitorial judges are en-
tirely upon a different footing from other judges.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that; not in
appointment, but in the duration of their service,
arising from political considerations.
Air. STEVENS. I think it depends altogether
on the act of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. One of the great arguments
against the fugitive slave law is that judges have
been created by act of Congress. It was argued
before the Supreme Court of the United States by
our political friends—I do not know whether they
were the gentleman's—as one reason why that
law was unconstitutional, because judges wore
made by act of Congress, and not by nomination
by the President and confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. Territorial courts are con-
gressional courts created by acts of Congress.
This is a limit of jurisdiction and nothing else.
Therefore there is nothing m the gentleman's ar-
gument.
The amendment was again reported.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio [Air. Spalding] in reference
to the necessity and propriety of organizing new
Territories, I will say that this Territory of Idaho
is about three hundred and twenty square miles
wide. The Territory is divided by the Rocky
mountains. According to the best information 1
can get in reference to this question, it seems there
are from forty to fifty thousand in the Territory.
About seventeen thousand of these inhabitants are
upon the east side of the mountains, the remain-
der being upon the west side of the mountains-.
The seat of government at tjje present time is upon
the west side of the mountains, and neaily all of
the officers of the Territory are there. ^ Now these
seventeen thousand men upon the east side of the
mountainsare withoutgovernmental organization
of any kind whatever. I am informed that mem-
bers of the Legislature who were elected on the
east side had to travel seven hundred miles to get
to the seat of government.
It is said that this mountain is difficult to pass,
and that a large portion of it is impassable. Here
are seventeen thousand people, as I remarked be-
fore, without a government at all. I am informed
by one of the judges of Idaho that notlong since,
under orders of a vigilance committee, the people
hung twenty-one men.
It is utterly impossible, sir, that government
can be maintained on both sides of the mountain
under the same organization with any degree of
efficiency whatever. I am also informed that the
population is increasing there very rapidly. Itia
estimated by a gentleman with whom I have con-
versed that by next midsummer there will be a
hundred thousand people in this part of the Ter-
ritory. I ask the Clerk to read a memorial from
the Territory of Idaho on this particular subject.
The Clerk read the following:
Memorial praying for a division of the Territory, and the
erection of the eastern portion thereof into a new Terii-
tory to be called Jefferson Territory.
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Statesy in Congress assembled.
The memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Idaho would respectfully represent:
1. That the great extent of the Terntoiy, and its inter-
section by ranges of mountains, the trails across and through
which are, in the season when tiie Legislative Assembly
should convene, obstructed fry snow, readers it in all cases
difficult and hazardous, and in some impossible, for the
members ot that body to meet at anj point on either side of
the mount/mis.
2. That tlie Ten ltoiy is natuially divided north and south
by the great chain of 'the RtrCky mountains, the Cour De
Luce and Bittei Root mountains, which piesent an almost
insurmountable barriei to communication between the in-
habitants of the eastern and we>tem poitions for at lea-st
six months in the yoai, and will pievcut the inhabitants of
that portion in which the capital may not be located fiom
being propeily represented in legislature.
3. The mining and agricultural interests of the eastern
portion of the Teiritoiyare being greatly and constantly
developed, and the population is rapidly increasing, amount-
ing now to about ft! teen or twenty thousand, who.>c inter-
ests would be gteatly subserved by sueii a division, and who
elected loyal men to the first Legi-dativc Assembly, pledged
to support tins niemoiial.
Theicforc, your memonulists would respectfully ask your
honorable bodies to erect the ens-tern portion of the Terii-
toiy of Idaho into a new Temtory to be called Jefferson
Territory, recommending the following as the dividmghne
between the two Territories : commencing at a point where
the summit of the main chain of the Rocky mountains inter-
sects the southern boundary of the Terntory of Idaho;
thcncc northejly along said summit to wheie it luteivpots
the one hundred and thirteenth meridian of longitude;
thence north along said meridian of longitude to where it
again inter&ects the summit of said chain ol mountains,
north of latitude 47° ; thence northerly along said summit to
the forty-mnth parallel of latitude.
Passed the Council December 2:2. A. 1). tfc-63.
Passed the IiousC of Representatives December 93,1863.
JAMES LUFTS,
Speaker House of Representatives.
JOSEPH iMILLER,
President 0f the Council.
Approved Decembei 30,18G3.
WILLIAM B. DANIELS,
•Acting Goiernur of Idaho Territory.
I certify that the foregoing is a true copy of an oiisinal
memorial passed by the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho now in session.
In wiine&y wheieof I have hereunto set my hand and
r -i affixed the seal of the Territory of Idaho this 2d
*■ ' '•* day of January, A. I). 1864.
WILLIAM R. DANIELS,
Sect clary of Idaho Territory.
Mr. WILSON. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Beaman] I will say
one word. I hope the House will not indulge in
any such absurdity as that of the pending amend-
ment. It does seem to me there can be no ques-
tion as to its impropriety and our want of power.
The Constitution makes this provision in relation
to the President:
"lie shall have powei, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to make ttcaties. provided two thirds
of the Senator piesent concur; and he shall nominate,
and by and With the advice and consent of the Senate t.hall
appoint, emba^ador-s, other public ministers and coiioUls,
judges ot tiie Supreme Court, and ali other ofheera ot the
United States, who^e appointments are not heiem other-
wise piovided for, and winch shall lie established by law;
but the Congress may by law ve^t the appointment oi such
infeiior officers as they think pioper in the President atone,
in the courts of law. oi in the hc<uU of Depaitment
