3120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21.
of the committd}, I have on nbundantanswer; but
lis J do not supp'>se anybody lias, md us it has
not tlx; slightest connection with the lint, of my
aigurmnt, i beg leave not to reply to it at the ]
present timi. i prefer to confine myself to the |
argument of my fremd fiom Iowa. His state- j
mtnl was that (he Western union Telegraph j
Company is to issue ten thousand shares of this !
extension stock. Very well: that is the method
of building it. .Now, who will take it? That is
the question; who will take those ten thousand
shares and pay the ten millions of money and
build theline ? That is the question. How does
my honorable friend explain that? Until the
shares are taken the line is not built, that is clear,
in older to build the line the shates must not only
be issued but they must be taken by somebody.
"Who is to take them ? My friend says one thou-
sand shares are to be given to Mr. Collins as a
gratuity. Just think of that—a millionaire at
once. But let us consider. This man has got in
his pocket I assume—I do not know how the fact
is, but to make the argument strongest against him
1 assume lie hasgota thousand shares of this ex-
tension stork in hts pocket. What is the par
value of it? What is it worth to-day, not a shil-
ling paid in? "Who will take it? What is its
value? How will you estimate it ? Tlnreisnot
a pole up; there is not a mile of line; there is
nothing but this general giant in his fa vm\ .Now,
what is the value of his thousand shares'" That
isaii prospective. My honoi able fi iend estimates
that they are worth $],000,000. But they are
worth one penny or nothing at ali just as t he en-
terprise succeeds,and the enterprise succeedsjust
as they go forward and pay in the money, dollar
for dollat; and if the enteipiise is'a good one, if
they can make the line as they expect, if the en-
terprise is feasible and the route is as feasible as
they believe, and it does not co.st moie than
$10,000,0(H), thru it is a plain proposition; he will
have §1,000,000, and he will thus get a reward for
his ten yeais' labor and entcrpiise, and connect
his name in future history with one of the grand-
est enterprises of the last fifty years. That will be
the result. Who will mourn over that? Seeing
that Ik- is an Anietiern citizen, is that a thing to
weep over? No, if is a mutter ovei which 1 will
rejoice, and so will every putnot in the land; all
will rejoice, and none more so than my honouible
friend fiom iowa.
Hut the honorable Senator says that the stock-
holders of tins company have really divided
among themselves fifty percent, of the additional
extension stock, after deducting what Mr. Col-
Jins is to have. Suppose they have, what is that
woith? Mueh or little, dependent on the suc-
cess of the enterprise. That is, they agree to
take so much of the new stock. To-day it is
not worth a shilling. When they pay m then-
money dollar for dollar and buiki the line, then
the stock will be worth par 0 a success, possibly
more, possibly fotofohl. 1 hope so. No hairn
will come to the public, f tiust, if an American
company should succeed m that way. Hut the
honorable Senator .says thei e is anothei vciy sig-
nificant fact, and what is it? That the leniaining
fifty percent, is to he divided among such per-
sons and in such amounts as the company shall
tleteunine. What is the infeience to be diawn
fiom that? I suppose it is that that is to be given
to the <£ lobby" to eai vy tin;, lull th tough. What
then is to be done wiiii that other fifty per cent.'
Who has any of it in his pocket? Who has
been approached with it1 If according to these
inferene.es I were to meet Mr. Collins, I should
expect to find his pockets stuffed to repletion
with this surplus stock for such persons and in
such amounts as would favor tins interest! Is
that so? Is that the mterpietanon of the circu-
Lu ? Do men engaged m a gieat scheme to plun-
dei the Govei nnient publish that kind of arecotd
to the country, and then send it hei eto Congress
and put it into the possession of my honorable
ft lend ^
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will permit me
to say that the circular did not come to mc fiom j
the rompany. It is addre.>^ed to the stockholders; I
I sup pose it was pot pj mied for public use; but
I would inquire of the Senator what disposition [
li to be made of that exli.. stock? ;j
Mr. MORfULL. I will inform the honorable ij
Senator. The inquiry seems to imply that I jj
was not wrong in the irifeienco which I supposed li
the h on of able Senator Uesn ed the Senate to draw,
that this suipiuo fiity per cent. o< sie jk \\ as to be
distributed as a gratuity to whoever would help
the bill aiomr; and the}', with 'hat fact patent on
their record, instruct their secretary to notify the
stockholder of that fact! It is not a private cir-
cular; it is a thing for the world, as their reeoids
are open to the woi id. Does anybody suppose
that this fact is susceptible of any such inference
as that? What is the honest inference? Here
is this telegraph company about to invest ten
millions ofmoney, more or less, in this exten-
sive stock, in this grand enterprise of construct-
ing eight thousand miles of telegraph line, the
success of which is undetermined. Tiiey nat-
urally say, " We vote to each of ourselves the
risht to take fifty per cent, of the stock that is
left after Collins gets his share, and agree to take
that amount. Bat what is to be done with the
n st of it? As men desiious to make money,
what shall we do with the other four millions?"
because,accordinjrto the aigumentofmy honora-
ble friend, what is left is worth four millions, "if
w£can get a subsidy from Congress of half a mil-
lion, we will give them four millions!" That is
the argument. Would not that be a nice specu-
lation, to give away four millions and get in le-
tum a subsidy of half a million, payable in in-
stallments beginning five years hence? They
will never build the line if that is the class of men
they aie. But what is the rational interpretation ?
It is this: "Having secured the taking of fifty
per cent, by our own stockholders, we will dis-
tribute the residue m the Atlantic cities atgieat
points whete we can sectue the patronage of the
public and the favor of the public over our line."
To give it away? No, sir, but.to sell it, to dis-
pose of it for the construction of the line; and if
it is that " big tiling" which my honorable friend
tells the Senate it is, you will find many a broker,
1 dare say, advertising the sale of this stock, and
you will find men very solicitous to buy it—not
men ex pectin«: to get it as a gitt or a bonus. Now,
[ submit to the candor of the Senate and the judg-
ment of the Senate',-looking at this public circu-
lar, looking at these facts spread out on the rec-
ord, wht tlier u can feel authorized to draw an
infeience picjudicial to this great enterpuse from
such a fact.
My honorable fiiend assumes that this will be
a very luciative enteipiise; that these men will
make an immense amount of money out ot it; that
they are veiy rich now. My first answer to that
is, that none but a company that was able could
or would undertake such an enterprise or could
cairy it through; and it is a blessing and not a
curse that they are able to cai ry it through. That
is my first proposition. The second is that, in-
stead of its being demonsti able that it is to be "a
good thing," theieate no facts in the case which
auihonze any such assumption. If it shall be-
come the gieat line of intercommunication be-
tween the eastern and western continents, when
there shall be some two or three bundled million
people on this continent, and when telegraphic
communication shall become familiar as the al-
phabet to the Ameiiean people, as m no remote
futuie 1 ti ust it will, then J can conceive that this
will not only be one of the grandest enterpi ises of
the century, but will make good returns to the
stockholders. 1 should hope so; 1 should trust
i he futuie of this count t y would wai rant as much
as ihat.
Now, Mr. Piesident, having done thus mueh,
having attempted simply to lepei the inferences
against this bill, i have done all 1 desiied to do at
this stage of the case, and will meet the question
on its nun its when the subject is before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. Tne question
is upon the motion of the Senator fiom Michigan,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 30:2) to encourage and facilitate
telegraphic communication between the eastern
and western continents, upon which the yeas and
nays lia\e been ordeied.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 15; as follows:
^ EAS — }lcv-'is. ('handlei. (Joilaiuei, (:<Mnes^. Dav^,
l)i\oti, Do.>hti!e, kvM'hick-, iJ'.L-, lii'Vaia.
How, JohiK-oiu Mel)o:uj;il!, ?.!(;)«>.m. Mot:.I!, iNtvpsuh',
traui-haiv, pra^ue, Mntuier, TiutnbulJ, \an Wui;;!e,
Wa-ie. WilkJtifeOHj arul v\ — el.
2CAY.*3—Mtjesis. Anthony? l>to\vn, f'kuir, Cmvan. Fcs-
senden. Foot, Foster, Gnme.s, il.d'-, {Jariait, Lane ot In-
diana, i'onieioy, Shennaa}Tea L>ck, and Wilson—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ruckalew, Caihl'-. n-udtniMf end-r-
•.(iii. 1 iJiiie <>j' Kna.-a?, {'"Ywii, 11 utbi v3 Uieit«.1 !sjh; I.idd1'1;
and' Wright—10.
So the. motion was agreed to; and the consider-
ation of the bill was lesumed as in Coiunnitte of
the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question is on an amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] to the pro-
viso in the third section, which the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Ten Eyck] moved to stuke
out. The amendment of theSenatoi from Mich-
igan is to strike out the word "fifteen" before
" years "and insert" ten," and to strike out "one
hundred "and insert" fifty " before " thousand;"
so as to make the proviso read:
Provided, That if, {luring any of the ten j'oars aforesaid,
the business done foi the United States under said con-
tract shall, at the ordtnaiy rate of chaige lot piivat*- nie<i-
exccd the sum of.-j50.000, an account thereof, duly
authenticated, .shall he proented to the ^ecietaiv of t'iC
Trea^uiv, who shall ceitify the same to Confess lor pay-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
fiom Michigan to allow the vote to be taken on
these two ptopositions separately. Fnst, let us
vote on reducing the time to ten years.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was going to suggest
that the other amendment should not be agreed
to, but that the Secretary of the Treasury should
only ceitify the excess ovei $100,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. That §100,000 should be
§50,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let the question be di-
vided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is susceptible of division; and the first amend-
ment is to sti ike out " fifteen " and insert " ten. "
Mr. TEN EYCK. I inquire of the Senator
from Michigan whether he really thinks that w ill
answer his purpose. There are two portions of
time to which this may apply. There are five
years given in which to complete the line, ami
then there are ten yeais after it is completed dur-
ing which the subsidy is to run; and that is the
leason, i presume, that "fifteen years" was first
put in this proviso.
JMr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
Mr. TEN EYCK. My object is to perfect
the bill, and not to make war upon it. Will not
the amendment, as the Senator now has it, re-
quue the subsidy of $50,000 n year to be paid for
the first ten years, including the five years when
the line is being constiucted ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No; there is nothing to
be paid until the line is completed.
Mr. TEN EYCEv. My impression is other-
wise.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment is m line nineteen of section three, to
stuke out " one bundled" and insult " fifty " be-
fore " thousand."
Mr. JOHNSON. If I understood the remarks
made by the mover of the amendment, he in-
tended to reduce the expense of the Government;
but 1 rather think that he lias perhaps increased
it by tins amendment. We aieto give fe50,OUOa
year for the use of the telegraph whether we use
it or not; and as the bill stands without the amend-
ment, it we use it to theamountof ^100,000 then
we are to pay extia.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill as originally
diawn gave a subsidy of ^100,000 for fifteen
years. The committee cut down the time from
fifteen to ten years, and the amount from £100,000
to $50,000. Theie was a clerical error, however,
in the ptoviso to this section, in not making that
change.
Mr. JOHNSON. Whether this is a proper
amendment or not, looking to the view taken by
the chairman of the commute" and thefti^nds of
the bill, is one question. Whether it is such an
amendment as the Senator from New Jersey con-
templated making, or those who may agice with
him, is quite another thing. I undeistand now
that the bill as originally diafted gave to the com-
pany £100,000 for ten years, whether it should
be used or not. That is to say, we should have
a u,rht to use it until the amount should bo
•slOOjOOO. Now you have reduced that to
winch makes the gratuity on the pai t of tin* Gov-
ernment, if it can be called a gratuity, ^500,000
instead of §1,000,000; but when you come to the
