THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.. '
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1864.
New Series.....No. J9G.
proviso you say, provided this amendment be
adopted, that if we use a toan amount which,ac-
cording to their rates, will exceed #50,000, then in
addition to the §50,000 we shall pay for the ex~
cess, whereas the bill as it is upon our table only
requires us to pay for the excess provided the
excess be over 0100,000. I only wanted the Sen-
ate to understand what is the effect of the amend-
ment, and to call the attention of my friend from
New Jersey to it in order to show him that I think
he has proposed an amendment which is not at
all in accordance with his purpose.
Mr. TI3N EYCK. I hope the Senator from
Maryland will not charge me with the responsi-
bility of having moved this amendment. 1 have
resisted it. I have called the attention of the
Senate to the peculiar character of this proviso,
and I have moved to strike it all oat, not design-
ing that there should be any such provision in
the bill. After making that motion I stated the
difficulties arising out of it, and that I supposed
the fair construction of this proviso.would be not
only th.-U the company should reccive the sub-
sidy of §50,000 a year for the period of ten years
subsequent to the time the Government made a
contract with the company to transmit their mes-
sages, but that it would also require the payment
for transmitting all the intelligence over the line
which a faithful and accurate account.would show
exceeded the amountof §100,000; and I supposed
that the design of the persons who were in-
terested in the bill was that between the amount
of $50,000 and $100,000 there should be no ac-
count kept, and that if the Government transmit-
ted messages to a greater amount than $50,000
and less than $100,000, there should be nothing
paid on account of the excess over the $50,000,
as an inducement on the part of Congress to pass
this bill and give this authority. I stated that 1
was opposed to any subsidy at all, and that I was
opposed to paying any amount that might be
asked for transmitting messages amounting to
$100,000 in addition to the $50,000. In conse-
quence of that difficulty, the Senator from Mich-
igan moved to amend the proviso, and he has
got it in the present shape which now requires
us to pay for all the messages transmitted; and
that being so, I see no occasion for putting in
"$50,000," unlessitis to require the Government
to pay that amount anyhow. That will be the
effect of it. If we do not transmit a message or
properly make ourselves liable to one dollar's
expense during the whole period, according to
the provision proposed by the Senator from Mich-
igan we are to pay the $50,000 a yeai by way of
subsidy, and if we transmit messages to a greater
amount than that we are to pay just like private
individuals.
Mr. CHANDLER. Allow me to suggest that
I have drawn this proviso to satisfy the Senator's
doubts:
Provided, That no payment shall hr made to said com-
pany until tlie line is built and in woi King,order.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not object to the Sena-
tor proposing any amendment that he sees fit, hut
Iamopposed to the whole proviso. Of course my
motion to strike out must give way to his efforts
to perfect the proviso and put it in the shape that
he flunks proper and right to effect his object.
After he shall have accomplished tlmtl shall still
insist upon having the proviso stricken out, be-
cause I think the appropriation of §50,000 a year
is under the en cumstances improper.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall not offer the pro-
viso which 1 just suggested, for I think the clause
is now sufficiently guarded.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to this
bill. I should like very much to see the enter-
prise carried out. The only question is what
amount of disbursement we should incur. As it
stands now we aie to give in annual payments for
ten years $500,000, and for that we are to have the
privilege of using; the telegraph at the rates which
the company may chatge, but only until by our use
of the line according to those rates we shall have
used it to the extent of §50,000 a year.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ths honorable Senator
196
from Maryland will excuse me for interrupting
him. The amendment which I proposed the other
day and which lies upon his table printed has ref-
erence to this matter of the rates, and proposes to
restrict the rates so that they shall not be at the
option of the company.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was not speaking of the
rates. I referred to the rates, not for the purpose
the Senator supposes, but for a different pur-
pose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the honor-
able Senator to say that the rates would be at the
control of the company.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not say so; but I said
that no matter what the rates might be, without
inquiring into what they might be or what we
may direct that they shall be, whenever we do
use the line, and the rates charged to us shall ex-
ceed $50,000 a year, then we are to pay for every
dispatch that we send in excess of that amount.
Now it seems to me to be a very good bargain on
the part of the company, and not unreasonable
on the' part of the Government, to ask that if we
are willing to advance, whether wc use it or not,
§500,000, we should not be compelled to pay for
every excess that may be caused by our use of
the lines. I supposed, therefore, that the bill, as
it was printed and as it was placed upon our ta-
ble, had met with the concurrence of the com-
mittee, that the §100,000 mentioned in the last
proviso of the third section was not an error, but
that the committee thought we should be at lib-
erty to go 011 to the extent of $100,000 in conse-
quence of our agreeing to give, whether we use it
or not, §500,000. If the Senate should be of a
different impression, it may be that we shall have
to pay for each one of these ten years $100,000,
when we could by properly sustaining the com-
pany make a bargain which would authorize us
to use the line to the extent of §100,000, paying
only $50,000.
Mr. MORRILL. It is plain enough what the
intent of the framers of the bill was. As it stood
originally, it pledged the Government to pay
poo,000 a year for fifteen years, and gave them
the privilege ofusinir the telegraph to that amount;
provided, however,"that if they used ittoalarger
amount than that they should pay for the ex-
cess. The committee amended the bill by redu-
cing the sum to be paid to §50,000, and the time
to ten years, so that the Government by the bill
now stand pledged to pay $50,000 a year for ten
years with the privilege of using the telegraph
for those ten years; provided,that if they shall
use it to a laiger amount than $£100,000 they shall
pay the overplus. The mistake was in not re-
ducing the §100,000 in the proviso to the $50,000
as in the sum granted. That was an oversight
on the part of the committee, and now to make
the bill symmetrical and harmonious with its ori-
ginal purpose, the §100,000 in the proviso should
be reduced to §50,000, and then the Government
would be on that showing pledged to pay §50,000
for ten years, and as much more during the ten
years as the Government use of the telegraph
may amount to. If the Senate think the Gov-
ernment ought to have the entire use of it as pro-
vided in the bill for ten years for the §50,000 a
year, then the proviso ought to be stricken out
entirely, and the motion of my honorable friend
from New Jersey should carry. Otherwise I
hope that the proviso will be made to correspond
with the sum gianted. 1 am quite indifferent
about it myself.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion ot the Senator from
New Jersey to strike out the proviso as amended.
Mi. MORRILL. Let the proviso be read as
it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That if during any of the ten years aforesaid,
the business done for the United States under said contract
shall, at tne ordinary rate of charges tot piivate messages,
exceed tin- sum ot §50,000, an account thereof, duly au-
thenticated, shall be presented to the Secretary ot tile
Treasury, who shall certify the same to Congress for pay--
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that proviso,will
not be stricken out.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not \vish to prolong
the discussion lest I should come under the cen-
sure of our friends who seem to think that there
is a desire here by faction to kill the bill. I am
in favor of the general principles and provisions
of the bill, and have said so from the beginning;
but I do not wish the Government, under all the
circumstances that have been stated, to undertake
to bind itself to pay a subsidy. I prefer that
there should be no such obligation. I think it is
unnecessary. I think the Government ought not
to undertake that burden now. I am not s\jr«
whether the striking out of this proviso will haye
any very great effect or not; but as I understand
the third section, which has been retained in the
bill by a tie vote of the Senate, if this line be con-
structed the Government can contract with the
telegraph company for the.use of the line for a
period of ten years at the rate of $50,000 a year;
and that will be the contract, asl understand, if
the section stands witliout,the proviso. Whether
the Government transmits messages to theamount
of §100.000 or to the amount of §5,000 only, tjie
payment is to be §50,000 a year for the use of
the line, if the proviso be stricken out. I think,
under the circumstances, this proviso should be
stricken out, because I should be opposed to the
Government undertaking to pay §50,000 a year
anyhow, and then §50,000 more if it should turn
out by reason of the use of the line that that
should be required, after having given to the com-
pany the use of the Army and Navy for the pur-
poses stated in the bill, and public lands to the
amount of thousands if not millions of acres.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say a word. Tliere-
ception that this bill has met with in the Senate
has astonished me a little, i do not think we meet
it with the welcome that it is entitled to. 1 have
never seen Mr. Perry McDonough Collins; I
have never seen the Western Union Telegraph
Company; 1 do not know that I ever saw a man
who belongs to the Western Union Telegraph
Company or has any stock in it; and X have not
got any myself. The minister of one of the for-
eign Powers resident here called my attention to
this measure not long since, and I was half mor-
tified and half gratified that a measure of this
magnitude that promises such immense results to
the world should have first been brought to my
notice by the subject of a foreign Power. I did
think thata man born in New England and domi-
ciled in the Northwest ought to be up with the
times; but 1 found myself behind time on that
occasion. A gratifying fact, however, which goes
in some way to offset this is that a citizen of the
United States, appointed some years since com-
mercial agent to reside at the mouth of the Amoor
river, instead of taking the usual track to his place
of destination, took it into his head.actingin the
spirit which actuates the American people, if not
the American Government, to traverse the Russian
empire and finally brought up—I think the first
American citizen who made that journey-—at the
mouth ofthe Amoor river. Notsatisfied with that,
afterexaminingthecountry and its resources and
its capabilities, he proposed to the Russian Gov-
ernmentand then to the Government ofGreat Brit-
am the project of building a telegragh line to coil-'
nectthese two continents. He secured readily.it
appears, promptly, the cooperation of those two
great Powers, and now comes to Ins own people
and to his own Government and asks us for our
cooperation; and we object. And what are the ob-
jections? First, that Mr. Collins is likely to make
something out of the enterprise. I trust he will.
I think he ought to do so. Secondly, that some-
body else will do it for less, and that the Govern-
ment need not subject itself to the expenditure
which this bill suggests. What is the evidence
that somebody else will do it for less? Ihese
two continents have lain for several years just as
they are now; this route has been opeji to the
world, if it pleased to occupy it, ever si ace my
remembrance, and perhaps some time before that;
and none of your other telegraph companies, and
