1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; Senators do not seem
to comprehend what this section means, and I
hope they will examine it, and pay attention to
it. I will tell Senators why it is put in the bill.
We have had a great many provost marshals who
have written to the Department to this effect:
:• Persons who have been enrolled come to us and
want us to take substitutes for them before they
are drafted; they are going elsewhere to engage
in business; they want to go abroad; or,forother
reasons, they want to relieve themselves from a
possible draft; they have got money; they are
willing to hire men to go into the service of the
United States for them, if you will accept them."
The Government could notdo so,as thelawstood
before. This section provides that whenever any
man finds his name enrolled, he may go to the board
and say, " X will furnish you with an acceptable
substitute, who is not liable to be drafted by your
draft law; if you will take this man I will furnish
him, you relieving me." We propose that he
may do that. He incurs that expenditure simply
to relieve himself from a possible draft, not a real
draft.
Mr. COLLAMER. When, not being drafted
himself but being oil the roll, he brings a man as
his substitute, does that substitute become an en-
listed man from that time?
Mr. WILSON. That person becomes an en-
listed man for three years, and is mustered into
the servicc of the United States. The other man
is released, and goes about his business; and it he
should never be drafted at all, he gives the Gov-
ernment of the United States a man whom they
could not draft. That is the benefit; it is all for
the Government.
Mr. COWAN. Then I shouldliketo knowif
this is not the shape into which it resolves itself:
if the person liable to be drafted produces a vet-
eran in the Army as his substitute, the Govern-
ment not only helps him to pay for that substi-
tute by paying $402 in addition..to his $300, but
the Government also discharges the veteran for
the time he has yet to serve. That is the whole
of it.
Mr. WILSON. That is not the whole of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is another question
I wish to put. Under that arrangement maynot
gentlemen who may possibly be drafted in Mas-
sachusetts go down among our regiments here,
that came from Wisconsin, and are in the Army,
and engage all of them whose terms expire within
a year, to be substitutes for men in Massachu-
Mr. WILSON. We can do it to-day under
the present law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do it under the law,
though the men are in the Army! 1 desire to un-
derstand this business, Mr. President; I wish to
know what the law is. I do not suppose it is
possible that by any rule of a Department, or by
any law that was ev.er passed by Congress, a man
can enlist, and at the same time enlist for himself
and enlist for another person also.
Mr. SHERMAN. The object I had in offering
thisamendmentisaccomplished. I wished to call
the attention of the Senate, and particularly of the
Military Committee, to the ambiguity of the law.
As I construe this section, any soldier who lias
been enlisted even but one month, may be hired
as a substitute. It is true that under the orders
of the War Department it cannot be done; but
under the bill it can. I take it that this bill, if
passed, will supersede the order of the Secretary
of War; and the bill expressly declares that any
man may be an acceptable substitute who is not
a subject of draft. A soldier now in the service,
although he may have been there but one month,
enlisted for three years, is not subject to draft, and
a shrewd lawyer would at once make the point.
The chairman of the committee admits his con-
struction of the law to be that a soldier is not
liable to draft.
Mr. COWAN. That is true; but I think the
honorable Senator from Ohio is perhaps not eor-
rectinkis other construction. " Who ia not liable
to draft"is not the only qualification upon the
substitute. He must not only be " an acceptable
substitute," but also one " who is not liable to
draft." The officer would have a right to reject
a substitute because he was already in the ser-
vice; and I should think it would be one of the
!)(',.1 li!' M lis 'US.
,\11 . SI iKllM AN. The wm'd "acceptable,"
I think, by fair construction, would be applied
simply to freedom from physical disability.
Mr. COWAN. They may reject on account
of immorality.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate, it is manifest
that the section as it now stands gives rise to
many different constructions. Gentlemen differ
about it. I agree myselfwith the purpose sought
to be accomplished by the chairman of the Mili-
tary Committee. I think that the veteran soldier
who has served two years or more ought to have
the benefit of anyhigh bounties that may be paid;
and I th ink the law ought to be made clear and ob-
vious, so as to give him an opportunity to compete
forthelarge bounties. I think, however, itoughtto
be confined to the respective States where the
drafted men reside. I do not think the State ofMas-
sachusetts ought to be allowed to go to the volun-
teers of the State of Wisconsin for substitutes, or
vice versa. I think that where a-Veteran soldieris
offered as a substitute, it should be a veteran sol-
dier in the service from the State where the drafted
man resides, and that his term'of service unexpired
should not be more than six months, because it
is not a good arrangement for the Government of
the United States to allow a soldier who has served
two years, and has yet one year to serve—prob-
ably as long as the war will last—to receive these
large bounties, and thus discharge an able-bodied
man. I now withdraw my amendment, with a
view to allow the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee to examine the matter carefully, and re-
port such an amendment as he thinks will make
the section perfect.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
Ohio that 1 am willing to take his amendment as
he suggested it. 1 am willing that the section
shall be so amended that a person who wishes to
get a veteran soldier as a substitute shall get a
man from his own State, and that the time of the
man ill the service who is thus offered as a sub-
stitute shall not have more than six months to run.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to ask one ques-
tion. What sort of hurt or injury is it to any
State to have a man taken from that State and
credited to the quota of another State, if lie is a
man who is not subject to be enrolled > You may
as well get such a man in one place as another.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will tell the honorable Sen-
ator the reason. The State of Ohio, for instance,
has great pride in her regiments. She would dis-
like very much to have her regiments depleted by
enrolling officers from other States taking men
out of her own regiments and transporting them
to Massachusetts, or any other State, by the offer
of large bounties. It would destroy the esprit de
corps of the regiments.
Mr. COWAN. Another reason I wish to state
just here. It would biingthe poorer States in
competition with the richer States in a struggle
to buy their own men for substitutes, which ought
to be avoided.
Mr. W1LSON. I am willing to avoid that, but
Senators, I thought, did not seem to understand
this section at all. If this bill be adopted as a
whole, amending the existing law, there will be
some persons capable of doing military duty who
will not be liable to be enrolled or drafted. For
instance, all young men under twenty years of age
arc not liable to be drafted. Soldiers who arc in
the service cannot be drafted, and they cannot be
reenhsted unless by the order of the Government.
The Government in order to induce the soldiers
to reenlist, has issued an order providing that if
they have less than one year to serve, they may
reenlist m their present regiments, and the resi-
due of their unexpired time is given to them. Thus
they have in reality'butfive years to serve instead
of six. It is of great importance to get these sol-
diers into the service, and I wish those who are
physically fit would all reenlist. The Govern-
ment offers them §400 to do it. The State of
Massachusetts adds $335 to that, and many towns
aie adding two or throe hundred dollars to that.
The people of a town in my neighborhood which
has about sixty men to raise, and has a great num-
ber of men in the field, have contributed §12,000
to offer in addition to the Government bounty of
$400 and the State bounty of $325. All the sol-
diers from my State who have less than one year
to serve, may reenlist and receive $725, and all that
individuals or the towns will add to that sum. It
is of great importance to get those men into the
service. This provision was made for the benefit
of the Government in this respect. It provides
that any man in the country finding his name on
the enrollment list, and wishing to relieve himself
from a possible draft, may enlist an alien, may
enlist a young man under twenty fit for service,
may enlist one of those men whom the Govern-
ment have given leave to reenlist, as an acceptable
substitute for himself, and thus relieve him from
a possible draft. But if he waits to be drafted and
is drafted, he will have then this advantage: he
may, unless we amend the act, furnish an accept-
able substitute wherever he finds him, whether
the substitute is a man liable to be drafted or not.
If the Senator would like to amend this section so
as to provide that if the substitute furnished shall
be in the military service, he shall be from the
State where the person wishing to obtain him as
a substitute resides, where they both reside, I will
agree to it. I do not want the citizens of my State
to go to anj' other State to obtain substitutes of
any kind, unless it be to the rebellious States, and
if 1 had my way I would open the rebel States to
anybody and everybody in the loyal States to en-
list black men and white men to fill our armies, and
deplete those States, by putting their men into the
service of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I thinlc our lan-
guage is undergoinga very rapid transition. We
hear a great deal about " the Government," and
what " the Government" has done, and what is
to be done for the benefit of " the Government."
I am a little confused, and at a loss to understand
the force and import of these terms, as well as the
terms " loyal" and " loyalty," as they are used
in modern lingo. I understand by " the Govern-
ment of the United States" the whole organiza-
tion of the Government, its Constitution, its de-
partments, the officers who fill them, every one
of the officers who fill them; and I have no more
restricted idea than that when the term " Govern-
ment " is used by me, or when I hear it used.
Now, sir, according to my understanding of the
Government, it has authorized the enlistment of
men for three years, and-here comes in the Secre-
tary of War, and upon his own authority makes
an arrangement by which twelve months of the
term of three years is to be remitted upon condi-
tion that the soldier to whom he offers this remis-
sion will consent to a recnlistment for three years,
or during the war, and that is spoken of as an act
of the "Government!" Why, sir, according to
this idea of Government, a " Government" across
the ocean once lost its head by dispensing with
the laws passed by Parliament, and another Gov-
ernment, a descendant of that Government, in the
second degree, was driven from his throne, an
exile, into a foreign land.
Sir, I ask by what authority the Secretary of
War is called "the Government?" I ask by what
authority he assumes to dispense with the laws
of Congress? I ask by what authority he pie-
sumes to remit twelve months of the term of the
veteran in the field? Whence does he derive this
high power' Congress might do it; but when
one of the chief clerks of the President assumes
to do it, even though it be with his sanction, it is
an unauthorized exercise of power. What is the
injustice to the country of this arrangement which
has been made dining the interval of the sessions
of Congress, as I understand, by the Secretary of
War' The country, the true Government, the
people of the United States, lose the benefit of
twelve months, or any term under twelve months,
of a veteran soldier who by his contract, and by
the laws of the land, is bound to serve for that
twelve months or a less term for the benefit of the
United States; and all this arrangement, it is said,
is made by " the Government," and when you
ascertain who " the Government" is, why the
Government is Edwin M. Stanton, in the War
Office! .
It is said that the Government has authorized
this reenlistment from its armies of any man who
has a less time of his term to serve than twelve
months. What is the effect of it? The country
loses the benefit of twelve months or a shorter
term of service of a veteran, and he becomes a
substitute for another man who is liable under the
| law to serve for the full term of three years. The
I amount of time that tile veteran has served, and
I the amount that he has to serve, is a full term of
1 three years; he has stipulated in his enlistment
I to serve for that term; the law requires him to
I serve for that term; he has received a bounty to
