3122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
none of your other enterprising citizens have ever
proposed the idea of connecting these two conti-
nents by telegraph; and now, when the route is
surveyed and the capabilities of the countries
through which it passes made known to you, you
fancy that somebody else, if permitted to step in
and take hold of these discoveries, may do the
work for less than it is offered to be done for here.
1 want to see the guarantee. The one fact, I know,
is that here is a proposition to build the line
without a dollar's cost or a dollar's risk to the na-
tion; and only when it is built, withouta dollar's
cost or a dollar's risk to the nation, then you are
to commence to pay for the use of it, and you do
promise to pay absolutely, whether you use the
line or not, the sum of $50,000 a year.
Mr. WILSON. Suppose the line does for us
$80,000 worth of work?
Mr. HOWE. The hill provides that if it does
§60,000 worth of work for you you shall pay
$60,000, and I think the American Government
ought to pay for all the work that is done for it,
and I believe it is willing to do it. There was a
proposition in this bill to give to this company
the use of a quarter section of land once in fifteen
miles for the use of their agents and stations. I
believe it has been reduced to forty acres. The
Senate was startled at it as a prodigal Hinging
away of the public domain. Mr. President,
you have already announced to the world that
you consider a single settler on any one of your
quarter sections of land worth the one hundred
and sixty acres, and you offer it as a free gift; and
here when a company proposing an enterprise
like this ask you to be furnished for use, and not
to sell a quarter section of land, you want to cut
it down to ten acres.
But getting over that obstacle, circumscribing
them lo the occupation of forty acres once m fif-
teen miles, you come next to the proposition
whether you are willing to pay §50,000 per annum
for ten years to have the use of this telegraph. You
tell usweareatwar; we have great need ofmoney.
I know the fact: 1 am not prepared to dispute tjiat.
fifty thousand doll us is a good deal of money,
unquestionably; jjo'J.lWU, if it be levied per capita
upon a population of twenty millions, and I sup-
pose ours equals that and will equal it after the
war is concluded,amounts to two and a halfmills
per head. The gross payment for ten years would
be two and a half cents to each individual. Now,
enormous as that may be, and hard up as i am,
1 want to say by way of encouraging this enter-
prise that ! am willing to stand it. And more than
all that, if the Western Union Telegraph Company
can change a five cent note I am willing to pay my
two and a half cents in advance, the whole of it,
and take the risk of the completion of the line.
Sir, the single question for us to deteimnie, it
seems to me, is whether we think it is worth to
the American people and the American Govern-
ment §50,000 to have the capacity furnished to
us of communicating daily with all the courts of
the eastern continent. Facts transpire here every
few months, the communication of a single one
of winch to thediU'ercntcourts in Europe, 1 think,
would be worth §50,000 in cash. The prompt
communication of a single fact, as we know from
the history of Governments, may often save a
war. This much I say in refeience to the polit-
ical importance of this measure. Its commercial
importance peibaps outweighs this vastly, lam
almost prepared to say that if I knew the Gov-
ernment would not want to use this line for a sin-
gle message during the first ten years, I should
be willing and 1 should be proud to have the'Gov-
ernment make this utterly insignificant expendi-
ture to achieve this vast enterprise.
Now, Mr. President, without saying more, I am
prepared to vote against the motion to strike
out the proviso. Is it not astonishing that in the
Senate it should be objected to that the originators
of ail enterprise like this, if they should do more
work for the Government than the $50,000 calls
for, should be paid the excess by the Government ?
Is not the laborer worthy of his hire even if he
does labor for the Government, and even if he
originates the field of his labor in tracks which
you never dreamed of occupying until within a
very few months?
Mr. WILSON. I take it, Mr. President, that
we are all interested in having this telegraph line
built, and I suppose we are willing that the Gov-
ernment should make a reasonable contribution
toward its construction, but in giving this aid
we are desirous to protect the Government as far
as-possible. It happens that whenever such ques-
tions are presented there are different parties Mn
the country, and some men propose to do what
is required to be done cheaper than others; and
there is an opinion in the country that such meas-
ures are sometimes carried through Congress
under corrupt influences. My experience here
teaches me that there is very little of corruption
in any of these measures that go through Con-
gress; but it is plain to any man who has been
here that Congress is often overreached by able
and sagacious business men that know more about
these matters than we do. I think that when any
proposition of this kind comes before us we
should give the subject a fair consideration and
we should endeavor to protect the Government
in all respects.
A few years ago we all desired the construction
of a telegraph to the Pacific; it had the sentiment
of the whole country in its favor. The Senate
passed a bill granting the company certain piivi-
leges and a certain amount of money. The bill
went to the House of Representatives, and a
practical business man of that House took the
matter into consideration; his committee referred
it to him. It was represented that it would cost
§750,000 to construct a telegraph line to the Pa-
cific ocean. He went into an examination of the
subject and demonstrated that it would cost less
than four hundred thousand dollars, and he had
an amendment made to that bill which saved
money to the Government. The line has been
built, I understand, for less than four hundred
thousand dollars; and its business is such that its
stock is worth one hundred per cent, advance at
this time. I am glad they have mademoney; and
I hope the parties who embark in this enterprise
will make money. I hope the stock will be good;
1 care not how many per cent, it advances.
I have made up my mind to vote for this bill;
I shall vote for it on general principles, because I
believe it will accomplish great results; and as the
representative especially of a manufacturing and
commercial section of the country, I have noth-
ing else to do but support a bill of this kind if it
is well and carefully prepared. We have made
several amendments to this bill which I think
have improved it, and therefore I shall vote for it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. As I mean to move to strike
out the whole of the third section when the bill
comes into the Senate, and shall then state in a
few words my reasons for so doing, I shall ab-
stain from discussing the matter now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomergy
ill the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from New Jersey to strike out the
proviso lo the third section.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now present, with the
leave of the chairman of the Committee oil Com-
merce, the amendment of which 1 gave notice
yesteiday. It is to insert as a new section:
i?EC. —. +'3nd be it farther cnaclcd, That the rate of
chains lot public or private mo^agus shall not exceed on
sud line the average usual lates m Euiope ami America
tor th'' same snvice, or such rate5; as shall be a^ceitamod
and fixed by r  convention between the United States, IIuj-
sui, and Gieri Britain.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
the amendment with the latter clause. The line
goes through an inhospitable region, and a little
higher charge maybe necessary; but the latter
clause allowing the rates to be fixed by a conven-
tion of the three Powers saves it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is to go through the
territory of the United States, of Great Britain,
and of Russia, and the provision is that those
three Powers may by convention fix and regulate
the lutes, so that the company cannot oppress
the people of either country.
Mr. I3ROWN. I reaily cannot see the force
of the amendment which the Senator from Wis-
consin has offered. I thinkit is the veriestsham
that was ever put upon a bill. I should like to
know what the " usual rates" are. I should like
to know from the Senator from Wisconsin how
they are to be ascertained. I should like to know
how they are to be enforced when they are ascer-
tained. And furthermore, I should like to know
how they are going to continue as they now are
if we give a monopoly of all the telegraphing m
the United States to this one company.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me so clear
that I shall not stop to go into an argument. If
we were to authorize the construction of a new
railroad and should say that the company in charg-
ing its rates of freight and fare should notexcetd
the usual rates in Europe and-America, I think
the fact could be ascertained. But lest theie might
be any difficulty on that subject, lest the company
should establish any rates oppressive upon the
people either of the United States, Groat Britain,
or Russia, it is provided that the three countries
by a convention can fix the rates and this com-
pany has got to comply.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think the amendment is in
excellent accord with the principle of the bill. It
gives to the agents that may be appointed by the
British and Russian Governments the power to
determine how much this Government shall pay.
That is the effect of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the same to all.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not see any such provision
in the Russian concession. We do not know what
arrangements may be made with this company
for the transmission of telegraphic dispatches
through British America or through Russia; but
so far as we are concerned, this amendment puts
the payment that we are to make completely into
the hands of men a majority of whom are for-
eigners.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Doesmy friend from Iowa
think we can fix the rates of charge of a line in
Russia or in Great Britain? This line runs
through Russia further than it does through the
United States and Great Britain both. As a
matter ofcourse, therefore, Russia, Great Britain,
and the United States should be consulted ; and
they together by a joint convention shoo!;! fix the
rates of messages over this line that runs through
the three counties.
The amendment was agreed io.
Mr. BROWN. I offered an amendment on
Saturday last, which was adopted, requiring that
there should be no discrimination by this com-
pany against particular newspapers or associated
agents of the press, or against other telegraph
companies. I now offer an amendment to en-
force that provision, to come in immediately
after the amendment which was added to the thn d
section on my motion:
And upon proof of an\ rerusut Lo comply with thr pi oviv
ions ot this act, it shall the duty ot the Secrotiiry the
Treasury to stipend all pa> mems time may be rf^e 01 emu-
mg to said paitus or their aligns, awl any peisosi injured
by Mich noii-comph.ince may &u<; iti nnvtoun ot the Uiiste<«
States having jmi-Hhcuou and rccovcr !ur the damages so
sustained.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Missouri a question in relation to
amendment which he proposed on Saturday, and
which I believe was adopted. His amendment,
if I recollect aright, made a direction as to whom
the answers to messages should be delivered, i
desire to suggest that the provision should be
that the answers to dispatches should be delivered
to such parties or persons as may be directed by
the persons sending the dispatches to receive
them. Perhaps, however, it would be more {-roper
for me to reserve the matter until the bill comes
into the Senate. I shall then offer an amendment
such as I have indicated.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the bill by
striking out after the word "America," in lino
nine of section one, the words " with such branch
lines as may bo needed to open communication
with the various mining districts and other set-
tlements in said Territories." I desire by this
amendment to strike off from this company, which
it is proposed here to subsidize so iaigely, the
power of monopolizing all the telegraphing in the
Territories of the United States. I have already
called attention to the attempt of other telegraph
companies to get authority to construct lines to
these mining regions and across the northern
portion of the continent on the same terms that
were originally granted to the Western Telegraph
Company that it seems is going to control this
overland line. That has been refused by the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
Mr. BROWN. R has been refused in the shape
in which it was presented with a provision foi a
subsidy. The committee have stricken out all
