124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
servo for that term; it is his duty to serve out that
term. I deny that the Secretary of War can re-
mit to him any portion of it; and if it is remitted
to him, two men, instead of being bound to ren-
der service, and actually rendering service for six
years—three years each—divide the matter be-
tween them and serve but five; one year's service
is given up that is the most valuable to the coun-
try to be rendered by a veteran soldier.
Sir, 1 am a friend to the soldier who is in the
service of his country. I am for remunerating
him liberally. I want his term of servicc to be
short and decisive, and to be triumphant. I will
go as liberally to reward the soldier as any mem-
ber of the Senate; but I say this arrangement made
by a dispensing power usurped at the other end
ot* the avenue, and manifested in the War Office,
dispenses with the law, and the contract of enlist-
mentby the soldier, and deprives the United States
of one year's service, at least, out of six between
two men.
Mr. HOWE. Will the honorable Senator
allow mo to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly; two of them, if you
please.
Mr. HOWE. Just one. What law is it that
the Secretary of War has violated in allowing
these soldiers to be discharged?
Mr. DAVIS. Iwillanswer, X thought I had
stated my proposition. Were not these men en-
listed for throe years?
Mr. HOWE. I understand so, " unless sooner
discharged."
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me,
I will read the term of service from the law:
"That the service of the volunteers shall be for such
time as the President may direct, not exceeding three years
nor less than six months, and they shall be disbanded at the
end of the war."
I take it, the Government has the light, when-
ever it chooses, to discharge these men.
Mr. DAVIS. "The Government?"
Mr. WILSON. The President.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, now, I .suppose he has, un-
der (hat law; but I say that the arrangement of
the President is unjust to the country; it deprives
the country of the benefit of one year's service of
a veteran, or if it does not do that it deprives the
country of six years of service divided between
two men, and limits it to five years. My honor-
able friend, i reckon, will not deny that position.
Mr. CONNESS. We giveaway one year and
get three. Is not that a good bargain?
Mr. DAVIS. But it dispenses with the draft-
ing of a man who is bound to render three years
of service. The thing is plain; there is no mis-
understanding it. Here is A who enlisted for
three years, and who has served two yeajs. Here
is B subject to he drafted for three years. lie
comes up and employs A as his substitute, and
one yeat's service of A is remitted to him in con-
sequence of the anang.-ment. That is if. This
is the actof the President. This is the act of the
President, it is now said. I admit now that lam
corrected, that the lawauthorizes tin; President to
do it.
I do not know when the President acts and
when the Secretary of War acts. This remitting
of service did not profess to be theactof the Pies-
ident; it professed to be the act of Edwin M.
Stanton. They say that he is the President in
fact in relation to many matters. When he acts
upon consultation ami with the approval of the
President, he ought to say so, that the country
may know wlio.se act it is; whether it is the art of
the President or of the Secretary of War. P,ut,
sir, I object to this change of lan^ua<>o; I object
to the Piusidcnt or any other department of the
Government being called "the Government;" and
if the pay is not sufficient, give them more; if the
bounty is not sufficient, give them more; but I
suppose that both are sufficient. Certainly that
is enough which is received by the soldiers of
JVJ a.ssachust Its fiom the vauous sources that pay
bounties, according to the statement of the Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts. 1 think he states the
bounties (0 amount to about a thousand dol-
lais. Tnat (nought to my recollection a fact con-
nected wish rhe history of the father of Piode^ck
the Greet t of Prussia. Ife wanted to get a regiment
of grenadiers, and he paid the largest bounties for
the tallest men. He heatd of nn irishman who
wan about vvvnri fret high, and he sent m Ireiund
repeatedly to obuun linn us a ieci uu into his ie i-
ment of grenadiers, and paid, I believe, about two
thousand pounds for him before he could secure his
services. 1 suppose that the bounties offered in
Massachusetts will secure ail the quota that that
State is bound to furnish, and that now the roads
and alleys will be crowded with her volunteers.
But, Mr. President, I rose for the purpose
mostly of explaining a matter between the Sena-
tor fromNewHampshire [Mr. Half.] and myself.
I was ready to make this explanation for the last
three days before the recess, but the Senator from
New Hampshire was not in his seat, and I have
deferred it until this morning. He is now in
his seat. It will take me but a minute or two,
and I shall confine my explanation merely to
reading, making no comment at all. During the
last month I made a speech in the Senate upon
the subject of the exchange of prisoners. After
I got through, the Senator from New Hampshire
rose and uttered this language:
"Mr. Hale. Mr. President, nothing on earth was fur-
ther from my intention or my cxpoetation when I came
into the Senate Chamber to-day than to take part in this
debate. I do not now intend to trc£>p<v>s long on ih<j atten-
tion of tlie Senate; but a statement has been made by the
honorable Senatoi from Kentucky that J never will hear
anywhere without enteiing my indignant denial of it; and
that is, that the party in powei and its representatives on tins
tloor do not desire peace, but de>ne a continuation of Uri*
war to influence the next ptesidential election. A more
atrocious allegation against honorable men I think I never
listened to from the beginning of time to the present mo-
ment."
1 suppose the gentleman did not begin with
time, i interrupted him, and we carried on some-
what of a colloquy for a time:
"Mr. Davis. If the honoiable gentleman will permit
nte ono moment, I hoaid him make a much more atrocious
allegation than that within the last two jears, when he
avowed that tho army ot plunderer that weie marehing
upon the Treasury uiulei ihir- administration oi the Gov-
ernment exceeded the number ot soldieis jjj the field.
"Mr. Male. If the Seu.tioi ever licaid me make mich
a statement a* that. [ will admit it; but I never made such
a rcmaik, oi anything like it.
" Mi. Davis. I think the <Jlobe will prove it.
"Mr. Hale. The Senator cannot show that I evermade
any such lemaik, or ;muiung like it; but! will tell him
what I did say, ami what I will tepeat J said I thought
the liberties of the eountiy were mote in dangei from the
piofligaey that was piaetieed upon the Tiea^uij than they
vveie Irom the icbel? in the field.
" Vow, to loturn to the subject: if the iillegation of the
honoiable Seuatoi be true, ! would sooner take the hand
of a man tiotn a eharnel-hou-se. covered with pestilence,
than that of one of the honoiable gentlemen around me
II that allegation be hue, eveiy Senatoi upon thic rioot that
supports this Administration is stamped with the loule>t
Ucation and peijuiy that human nnune can be guilty of.
" Mr. Dtvis. if the Senator will allow me 
"Mr. Hale. No, sn ; f do not winIi to be nitemipted."
The gentleman's denial on that day was very
defiant, sir; and his defiant denial, as I under-
stood, was to the substance of the imputation
which 1 then made against him. It might not
have been true m letter, in strict form; and it was
not, as I concede, because I was speaking from
recollection; but I will now read from the book,
or extracts that I have taken fiom the book.
Mr. President, the gentleman will recollect well
the indictment that he preferred against the Soc-
ictaryof the Navy two yeais ago, and the seues
of speeches which he made to sustain that indict-
ment in the Senate Chamber. He had the sub-
ject ot a contract between the Secretary of the
Navy and a bi other-in-law of thatoffieei inferred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. He was ied
to it by a repoit upon the same subject in the
House of Repiescntativocs. He made n repoit
from the Naval Committee; and he prosecuted
the matter persevcringly, with ability, and wnh
(lie most indignant eloquence. The Senator as-
sumed on that occasion that this oontiact was a
profligate contract—a most profligate contract—
that it was given to a man who had no experience
in the purchase of ships, and who was wholly
incompetent and unfit to dischaigo the duties for
which he had been selected by his brother-in-law,
the SecieUiry of the Navy, and that it was given
to him in consequence of the near relationship
between the peison who was appointed th is agent,
and the Secretaiy of the Navy who conferred it
upon him; and that imputation was repeated time
and again in the course of a series of speeches
which l he Senator made upon the subject, at least
a dozen tunes. He slated, too, that this allow-
ance was at the enoimous rate of over ninety
thousand dolhus for live months of service; that
it was without law, without the sanction of law,
a profligate contiact,given to an incompetent man
to lender a service for which he was wholly un-
fitted by reason of his ignorance, and s ll this in
consequence of the relationship between the Sec-
retaiy of the Navy and that agent, for the purpose
of enriching the agent. If the gentleman denies
that these were the positions of his speeches, J
will read the speeches at length, but 1 have got
extracts here from them.
The gentleman repoited a distinct and emphatic
censure upon the Secretary of the Navy for that
contract, and in a speech in support of the report
he said:
" Sir, I do not know what other Senators may do. I can-
not, t daie not; L should expect the finger of scorn from the
hut of poverty to point me out as reckless and faithless for
being here a memberof the Senate in this bout of our coun-
try's peril , if I had failed to rebuke profligacy in the expendi-
ture of public money, let it be when and wheie it may. "—
Concessional Globe, Thuty-Scvcnth Congress^ sccond ses-
sion, part one, p. 700.
And the profligacy that he then was rebuking in
such indignant terms was the profligacy of the Sec-
retary of the Navy extended to his brother-in-law,
an ignorant and incompetent man, according to the
Senator's denunciation, for the duties that he was
selected to perform.
" I believe that this whole system of public robbery and
pioiiigaey m expenditure must be rebuked, and rebuked
heie. J believe that a diffeient state of things must he re-
sorted to, or we shall have no eountiy to save. There is an
old saying—1 am not cei trim it docs not come ftom inspired
wisdom—that it is as well to die by the svvoid a-s by famine.
And, sn, if this system is to go on, the aimv that we have
in our midst will be moie formidable and iuui'k to be di eaded
than any that is on tho other side of the Potomac."—Ihid.,
p. 701.
1 admit that the gentleman's reference was to
the army of the enemy on the other side of the
Potomac, and not our own. But I agree with ihe
sentiment, 1 believe it to be true, and believing it
to be true 1 give it utterance. I gteatly desire it is
not true, i have thegentleman'sauihonty for its
truth—his authority aftei he had investigated the
subject, lie said also:
" I believe the Secretaiy vf the Navy to be as hone«"t a
man as there is connected' with the. Government."—Ihul.,
p. m
Well, now, lot us see what he sn}rs of his fellows.
I believe, myself, he is the most honest man con-
nected with the Administration; I believed it then,
and i believe it now:
" I repeat, a;- T have once before in this matter, I have
no de-ue mjtne rhe Secretaiy j / have no (Iomio to «*tab
hiv reputation ; 1 have no desire to denaet anything tioni
hmi that belongs to him; but I stand iiere one of the rep-
lesentative?- ot a State ol this Union, ol a people that are
taxed and to he taxed to the hw point of human endurance.
Upon a recent viMt which J made to niv home, jn the coJd
dayti which have jiw passed away, it is no fiction and no «\-
aggeiatiou when 1 tell you Unit old men have stood, with
teau- in ilieir eye^and have declared that they appiebend
moie ot danger to the Government and the Union from
these eoriupturns and these pioflignte e\pendnine.-, than
1'torn the em my which is in amis against us on the other
side of the river."—Ibid., p. 24G.
Let mo say to the honoiable Senator that I then
shaied, and I now share all the apptehonsions of
his vntuous and indignant, constituency. The
very apprehension of danger that they had then,
I had then, and I now have, and it is a most
threatening danger to our Government and to the
peipetuity of our institutions.
Again:
" l do not know hut I may over-estimate, t'iituej\ over-
estimate the charaetei o| tin? tsaii->iu-tim) ; but I t< it you.
sn.! believe, and I declaie it upon m\ te;-pon-d)ilitiov a> a
Senator of the United States that the lil **i tie-ot i!u- comi-
tiy.ue m gieatcr dangei to-day iroiu the coiinption- and
fioni the piofhgaev piaetieed in "the i unons derailments of
the Government than it is Irom the open enemy in the
field.''—Ibid., p. '/UO.
That was the gentleman's emphatic declaration
on that occasion. I concurred with it then; 1 do
now; and I agree with him that the people must
aiouse to tho boldness and the profli^ney of these
expenditures and these corruptions in thedt-pait*
ments of the Government, u Inch the "vntirman
then denounced with an eloquence that I cannot
even approach.
He said further:
" I tell you if we ate, to have a victory we are to be<nn
heie; it weaie to make a stand for the detense ofoui lib-
erties we are to begin it bote. J$ there i- to he lemrm am-
where u must be maugmated in this Confess, and on this
flooi; and this Senate mu-it set their laces like a flint ag.unst
eveiy nu-appn.p: iatioii ot the public tunds, a:,d ujmsh t
eveiy act oi tavont^m; ncain-t c \ ct v in-tae-e p otli-
gaev: agauu-t every waste ot th/ public money.'""—Il.vL.
p. 700. J
The gentleman having reference to that paiiic-
ulai ttansaction.
"I know it id veiy n:ilieult for gentlemen to bi ing them -
solve-up to the standard of pa&sing condemnation upou
