1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
of the United States is in part vested in these
courts. The only power to ordain them that Con-
gress has is derived from the Constitution. Yet,
strange to say, the law creating these territorial
courts as the judicial department of the territorial
government provides for the appointment of the
judges for four years; and who does not know
that it has been and is the practice of the Presi-
dent to remove these judges at pleasure?
It follows, then, that if we look to the Consti-
tution for the authority for these territorial gov-
ernments we are in doubt, trouble, and embar-
rassment, and I am at a loss to find the source of
power except we resort to that full and overflow-
ing fountain, the Dred Scott decision.
My only object in calling the attention of the
House to the constitutional question involved is
thai the difficulty may be obviated by admitting
those Teniiories as soon as possible. If the ques-
tion Is asked, How are the people to be governed
prior to admission into the Union? 1 answer in
t'he language of articles nine and ten of the Amend-
ments to the Constitution:
"Art. 9. The enumeiation in the Constitution, ofcertaln
rights, shall not be constiued to deny or disparage othyfs
retained by the people.
"Art. 10. The powers notdelegatedtotheUnited States
by tlie Constitution, nor piohibited by it to the States, aie
reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."
But, sir, these territorial governments once es-
tablished, whatistheirchuracter? Aretheyrepub-
lican? Not, Mr. Chairman, if you mean by the
word republican the right of the people to elect
their own rulers, i said in the commencement
.that it had been gravely questioned whether our
territorial governments were consistent with the
principles of our republican government. Our
fathers fought to get rid of the old law—officeis
to rule over them without their consent, taxation
without representation—and it has been generally
understood, perhaps erroneously, that they were
successful; that they planted upon American soil
republican liberty, taxation and representation,
both growing upon the same stalk, and self-gov-
ernment, free and universal suffrage among the
people, as the most precious fiuits of the Revolu-
tion.
But howisit with your territorial governments?
I answer, mere colonies, occupying much the same
relation to the General Government as the colo-
nies did to the British Government prior to the
Revolution. You give them the form of a gov-
ernment, but withhold from the people the right
of the elective franchise. Yuuapoomt their Gov-
ernor, their secretary, their judges, their marshal,
and their district attorney, and too often impose
these officers upon them from a class of men who
have no interest in common with the people,and
know nothing of the trials and stiuggles of their
infant settlement. Aside fiom this nnti-iepub-
hean feature, it is a serious hardship to the people
of our western Territories, who are forming- the
nucleus of mighty States. Bold and enterprising,
full of adventure and intelligence, the hauiy pio-
neer turns his back upon the refinements of civ-
ilization, and with his family penetrates the un-
explored West, and there establishes the found-
ation of a great empire winch in a few years is
destined to make you poweiful among the nations
of the earth. Who can, who dare deny them
the light secured to t!j(.m, us was supposed, by
their fathers, that of selecting from their number
their own men to administer the affairs of the
new colony? But such has not been the practice
of the Government.
It is said they have the right to elect members to
the Legislatuie to fotm their own laws. This is
true; but of what avail is this ri^htin the Terri-
toiy 1 represent when the Governor, who is ap-
pointed by the President and the Semite, has an
absolute veto upon all of theii legislation? The
members to the Council and House, maybe unan-
imously chosen by the people, undeistanding then-
local wants, may without a dissenting vote in
either branch such bills as the inteiests of their
constituents may requite, and when sent to the
Governor, who is fresh from some of ournorthern
cities, unless it meet with his royal sanction their
J. iiisLijeu is all in vain. He is noteven n quned
tu veto the bill and leturn it to the House from .
whence it originated, with his objections. 11must
be appioved by lum or it cannot become a law.
Hencc he has only to deposit the bill m his capa-
cious pocket, tieat the Legislature with supreme
contempt, as his negative power overcomes and
overrides the„united action of an entire legislative
body. So arbitrarily was this power exercised
over the legislation of Utah during the session of
1862-63 that only two bills of a general nature,
and they unimportant, met with executive favor,
j The vital legislation of that session, the appropri-
ation and other important bills, passed during a
session of forty days, were summarily ignored
by " his Excellency,''and that, too, without even
deigning to stoop from the giddy height of guber-
natorial elevation to return the bills to the Legis-
lature with his objections.
Mr. Chairman, the very first cause of complaint
against Iving George by our fathers, as recorded
in the Declaration of Independence, is the follow-
ing:
il fie has refused Ins assent to Jaws the most wholesome
and neccsfcaiy lor the public good."
Comment is unnecessary. The analogy is too
striking; and I leave it for the future historian to
determine the respective merits of George III and
Stephen S. Harding, late Governor of Utah.
But I have referred to the causes of the Revo-
lution, and,asone of those, taxation without rep-
resentation. Do the people of Territories pay a
tax? Most certainly, upon all foreign articles
which they consume they pay the same tax as the
people of States according'to their consumption.
Have they any representation in the Congress,
where the tax upon foreign imports is levied? Not
at all, sir. It is true that each Territory is al-
lowed a Delegate in Congress; but he 1msno vote
and cannot iccord the will of his constituents upon
any of those questions of legislation that may be
pending seriously affecting their interests. It is
the right to vote that constitutes representation,
and without this right there is no proper repre-
sentation. Why is this representation denied the
people of the Territories? 1 answer, first, because
territorial governments were not provided for in
the Constitution. Second, because the second
section of the fast article of the Constitution pro-
vides as follows:
"Representation and dacet taxes shall he apportioned
amuii" the sc\ ei.tl Stales winch m.vy be includi d within
this Union, acooiding to then reaped ive nunibeis,'' See.
Is it not a little strange, Mr. Chairman, that
while you deny us representation because of this
inhibition, or rather bccause of this inclusion of
States as alone entitled to representation, you
levy a direct tax upon the Territories which is
equally forbidden in the same sentence? " Rep-
resentation and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States." Iience Territories
never have been represented by vote in Congress,
and cannot be while this section remains. But
representation and direct taxation are conjoined
in the sentence, and if by it Territories arc ex-
cluded from representation ate they not alike
excluded from direct taxation ? But so far as the
people J represent are concerned, when your di-
rect tax was assessed against them they raised
no constitutional question; they made no objec-
tion; they did not stop to mqmte whether it was
constitutional or not. It was enough for them to
know that the nation was struggling to put down
a rebellion whose gigantic proportions had no
parallel in history; and, true to their impulses of
loyalty, they at once assumed the payment of this
tax by an act of the Legislative Assembly, as fol-
lows:
(lBe\t enaited by the Governor and Legislative *2ss<?m-
hh/ of the Ten itoiy oj L'luh, That the said Tenitoiy does
heicby .i^aiue the dm ct tax appoitioncd t<> said 'JVmtory,
asziot ably to an act <>t Congic^ entitled 'An act to provide
increased levenuo fiom nnpoit-, to pay mteie-.t on the
public ih bi. and fot other purpose?,' appioved August."),
1*61; and that ihe Oowrnur of the Toiutoiy sn notify
the Seeietaiv of th" Tieasinv of the United States, on or
beloie the 2d dav of Febiuary next.'5 Appiovud January
Tliis tajc has been collected from the people
without objection or complaint.
Rut, Mr. C'iiai, man, to pass to another br.inr.li of
my subject. Probably no settlement lias ever been
made on this continent tinder more painlul cir-
cumstances than tiio.se attending the first settle-
ment ni Utah. I will not pause at this time to
relate tiie tieg'c story; to recount their wrongs;
to desonbe the patient suffeiins; of the people, as
they slowly journeyed, the aged, the sick, the in-
firm, actoss tin unexplored country, (twelve ban-
died rnlies of itthiouKh hostile tribes of Indiuns,)
until they penetrated," and, worn down with ex-
posure and fatigue, halted in the very center of the
,(p'ont western desert. INbirstop to Jen you bow
here, with provisions exhausted, they, in a half
famished condition, subsisted, until they raised
the first crop, upon roots dug from the mountains,
or how at times they were compelled to eat the
hide that was taken from the faithful ox that hail
been tlreir companion in toil. I will not ask you
to go with mc m imagination over the road which
they first made across the continent, and which
if all trace were obliterated could still be readily
found by the graves left.behind, standing as lone-
ly, solitary milestones, to remind the traveler as
he journeys from east to west, and passes these
mournful monuments of their sufferings, how cruel
it was to drive loyal American citizens from
American soil. All this, yea, more, the patient
spirit of the people under greater sufferings, more
terrible affliction, pledges broken, property de-
stroyed, life taken, have all passed into history,
and the picture of persecution and cruelty will
some day startle'the student as we are startled in
reading the history of the Reformation in the six-
teenth century.
But, Mr. Chairman, while I would avoid the
history of their complaints, preferring to cicatrize
and heal up an old and painful wound, inflicted
without cause, I must be permitted to speak of
the history of their achievements. The history of
the settlement of TXtahHs full of interest. The
development, thus far, of the country has been
attended with wonderful results. In the summer
of 1847, the pioneer company reached the Valley
of the Great Salt Lake, and on the 24th day of
July, a day which will be ever memorable in
their history as the day of their deliverance from
long, weary marches across the plains, they
prostrated themselves before that divine Power
that had preserved them not only from theirene-
mies but from the tomahawk and scalping-knife
of the savage, and offered up the gratitude of
humble hearts for the safe asylum afforded them
in the chambers of the mountains. The country
was, in all respects, forbidding. The heavens
withheld the early and latter rain. The ground
was parched and baked with heat and drought,
and the eye rested upon naught save rugged
mountains,sterile and arid valleys. The Indian
held undisputed control, and no evidences were
to be found that civilization had ventured so far
into the secret caves of the mountains. With
provisions exhausted, near fifteen hundred miles
from cultivated fields, far, far into the interior,
from all supplies, with mountains over their
heads and a desert beneath their feet, it is not
strange to suppose that the mind naturally wan-
dered back to the comfortable homes, the result
of their own industry, of which they had been
depiived ill the country-of their birth. They
were now in a foreign land, standing upon for-
eign soil, in a Mexican province. Still, the old
stars and stripes were flung to the breeze, and
appeared even more glorious and beautiful than
usual on this the (lay of a new era in their his-
tory. But, Mr. Chairman, all were not there.
Some had fallen by the wayside, not able to en-
dure the exposure and hardship which the fate of
cruel circumstances had forced upon them. The
babe slept quietly upon the plains. The aged
father had fallen—the old, familiar staff, unable
longer to sustain its burden. The youthful maid-
en, unaccustomed to such hardships, had yielded
her frail form to the kind deliverer, and the heart-
broken parents pei formed the last solemn cere-
mony by gathering up stones and placing them
over her resting-place, to protect the form, that
was still beautiful in death, from the lavages of
the American hyena.
But aside from those who had fallen victims
upon the plains, theie weie those that were living
who would have been glad to have been permitted
to associate with their friends and brethren on an
occasion so interesting as the one I have men-
tioned—the arrival of the pioneers ill the Valley
of the Grfat Salt Lake. There were five hundred
of these brave, hardy, and stalwart men, who
were almost indispensable to the formation of a
settlement in this new country that seemed to
mock in derision the efforts of man to subdue and
reclaim it. The future home of those men was
heie. TUeir families were here. Their interests,
hopes of the future, and all that was dear to them
in life clustered around and were associated with
the pioncejrs in their efforts to establish a colony
on the west side of the Wasatch range of the
Rocky mountains. Why was it that these nve
