1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am
subsidy from all enterprises of that character;but
now it is proposed to subsidize aline which shall
have authority to construct the same branches,
and to give this company the right to cover all
the Territories with branches and to monopolize,
virtually, all the telegraphing and dispatching of
the Governmentof the United States. Ifitisab-
solutely necessary that this line shall be con-
structed as a ciecuit around the world, let us con-
fine it to that express business, and not give these
extensive additional privileges, because I am
frank to say that I am interested as far as possi-
ble in breaking up the monopolies of these tele-
graph companies. It is becoming the worstsys-
tem in the United States for the transmission of
news. It affords us the poorest, the most un-
reliable of all modes'of transmission. It is be-
coming the most remunerative to its owners and
the most undesirable to the public that can pos-
sibly be imagined, and all as I believe from the
process which is now going on, of consolidating
in one or two hands ail the telegraph lines of the
United States. I, for one, am desirous of distrib-
uting and breaking that up as far as possible. I
am solicitous, therefore, that this amendment shall
be adopted which will deprive them of this right.
Mr. CONNESS. One word as to this amend-
ment. I hope it will not be adopted. The Sena-
tor says his objcctis if this line shall be subsidized
by the Government to confine it to dispatches be-
tween certain points distant from each other, and
not to give the company the right to control and
monopolize, as hecalfcsit, the telegraphing in the
interior of the country.
Now, sir, let us see. The lines of the overland
Telegraph Company who are to enter upon the
construction of tins line as proposed under this
bill, at present extend to Salt Lake only. From
the Pacific to Salt Lake it is a California line, a
California company. The two lines there meet,
and by a division of receipts they arrange for the
transmission from the East to the West of tele-
graph dispatches. It is not proposed under this
bill to authorize what is called the Western Com-
pany to go to California, and I do not understand
that tliey contemplate going to California. They
intend, perhaps, and in all probability will strike
off from SaltLakedirectly westward to the north-
ern Pacific, lo the Territory of Washington, or
to the northern part of the State of Oregon, per-
haps through Idaho, perhaps through Montana,
and thus shorten their line to the Russian Pos-
sessions.
Now shall we adopt an amendment which will
pievent the company, after passingthrough Mon-
tana or Idaho Territory, from runningup or down
and connectingthemselves with thetowns and lo-
calities along the route? What monopoly, 1 pray,
is there in a company who propose to build a line
across the continentand then to make lateral lines
wherever theieis business enough to pay for their
employment and use? If the Senator desires to
prevent an abuse of the use of this privilege and
of the use of their lines, let him suggest amend-
ments that will compel the company to receive
from all parties in the order in whichdispatches
, are offered such dispatches as are offered and at
equal rates to all parties, and let him accompany
these amendments with either penal provisions or
specific rights to whoever is refused to sue and col-
lect from the parties in management so refusing.
Let us have safeguaids of that kind if necessary.
I apprehend the parties who desire the passage of
this bill will not object to that. I am in favor of
such provisions.
But there is another bill that has been referred
to hero in the discussion of this measure. It isa
bill that authorizes a company connected with
what is called the Independent line of telegraph to
build a line to the Pacific. I believe that it was
introduced by the honorable Senator who now
fills the chair, [Mr. Pomeroy,] and referred to
the Committee en Commerce, and reported back.
I am in favor ofthat bill. Let it be passed. They
say, in a communication laid on Senators' desks
this morning, that they are able and willing to
build the line to the Pacific if you give them the
right of way. Very well; give them the right of
way: you will certainly not offer them more than
they ask for; but when you propose giving them
the right of way, are you going to amend their
net so as to deprive them of the right of building
lateral lines where they shall choose to build
them, or where the business of the countiy de-
mands their being built? Certainly not. But
we are told that you propose to subsidize the line
proposed by the bill under consideration; and
those people are willing to build a line without
subsidy. Now, let me see whether the cases are
parallel. I undertake to say that they are not.
The company whose circular I hold in my hand
propose simply to build an independent line to
the Pacific. There they stop. Do they propose
building a line through Russia? Do they pro-
pose connecting with the British or Russian lines?
Certainly not. Do they say they have any con-
cession from either of those Governments, or
any right to make any such connections? Cer-
tainly not. If they had I would as freely vote
for and advocate the passage of a bill to author-
ize them to enjoy these privileges and rights as to
any other party. Cut the privileges that they
ask for I, for one, am willing to concede with-
out restriction upon them as to collateral lines.
Why shall we propose a restriction or vote to
impose a restriction upon this company as to
lateral lines? If they start off from Salt Lake or
that vicinity through Utah or Idaho to the Pa-
cific ocean, we wish in California to have the
privilege of letting them run a line to our State,
so as to give us the benefit of all their extensive
ramifications by their system of telegraphing.
I make these remarks to show that I think
there is no proper room for jealousy as between
these companies or between the privileges de-
manded byeitherof them. I hope that this meas-
ure will pass withouta restriction of the kind now
proposed, and that then we shall take up the
other bill and pass that too. Let them send intelli-
gence wherever they will and establish the means
for its communication. I do not entirely agree
with my friend from Missouri, that the telegraph
is the most uusafe and unreliable means of com-
munication. 1 know that it is attended with great
difficulties; but without it where should we be
to-day ? If it were possible that anything should
happen that would deprive us of tile means of
communication by telegraph to-day it would
comc upon the world like midnight. We do not
know and cannot estimate what the loss would
be until we should again experience it and lapse
into our former condition.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to call the attention
of my honorable friend fiom Missouri to one
clause of this bill which I think relieves it of the
odiousness of that feature which he ascribes to it.
It will be seen that all these branches contem-
plated are in the unsettled portion of the coun-
try and are to connect with the mining districts
and such settlements as it may be desirable to
connect with, almost entirely now an uninhabited
portion of the country. Now, I assume that it
is desirable that such communication should be
made, that somebody should make it. This is
the only company that propose to do it. What
is the objection to their having permission to do
it? It may be said that you grant them the privi-
lege and they will complete the lines when they
please. The bill came to us originally in that
form, but if my friend will look at the last clause
of this section he will see that a contingency of
that sort is provided against; that unless all the
branches contemplated by this bill are constructed
within five years the power to construct them is
null and void; so that they cannot cover over that
whole territory against everybody. If they do
not perform what is contemplated by this bill
within five years, then their right to do it ceases
forever. Now, I take it it would be a boon to
the American people if they would do it within
five years; and as nobody else proposes to do it,
why should there be objection to their doing it?
I do not see, therefore, the importance of the
proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. There is another argument
against this proposition of the Senator from Mis-
souri. I understand it to be a fact—I have it
fiom those who know—that if a dispatch is sent
over any other line than the Western line or the
American line which is connected with it, to Salt
Lake, and it reaches the commencement of the
Pacific line, it will not be sent thence to Califor-
nia. You cannot send a dispatch through over
the Independent line, or in sending a dispatch
from the Pacific, it will not be sent over the In-
dependent line, although that may be the oijly
branch that will reach you wherever you may be.
If that is the method in which this Western Union
Company conduct business, and you do notallow
them to build- these various "lines .through the
Territories, the result will be virtually to cutoff
all these Territories from telegraphic communi-
cation, because it will be impossible for then! to
have communication with the outside world, ex-
cept over the lines of this Pacific or Western
Telegraph Company. I think, therefore, the
Senator from Missouri will do a great injury to
the people of these Territories if, in consequence
of the refusal of this Western Union Telegraph
Company to transmit dispatcher coming over
other lines, he should deprive the .people of all
opportunity to telegraph, which they so much
desire.
The amendment was rejected.
The*bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Pomeroy.)
The question is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to except an amend-
ment which was adopted on the motion of the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Brown,] relative
to the persons to whom answers to dispatches
shall be delivered.
The other amendments were concurred in.
The excepted amendment was read, as follows:
After the word "public" in line fifteen of section four
insert:
And to any other telegraph company upon payment of
the regular charges for transmission of dispatches, and all
such dispatches shall be tiansinitted in the order of their
reception, and the answers thereto shall be delivered to
said companies for transmission over their lines to the officc
whence the original message was sent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last clause,begin-
ing " and the answers," and inserting " and the
answers to said dispatches shall be delivered to
such parties as may be directed by the sender.",
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I now move to strike out
the whole of the third section which relates to
the subsidy, in accordance with the notice I gave
when we were upon the proviso, and as it is thor-
oughly understood it is hardly worth while that
it should be read by the clerk again. It is the
section which appropriates $50,000 ayearforten
years, with an additional payment for service
rendered the Government in the transmission of
messages, and providing for keeping an account
if that service shall exceed the sum of $50,000 a
year.
1 make the motion and will submit an obser-
vation or two, for two purposes: one is that I
have a little personal feeling about this matter;
it is rather a matter of personal interest to put
myself right on this question; and the other is
a much more important one, to save if 1 can the
Treasury from a needless subsidy.
Ithas'been said by Senators in speaking on
this subject that those who have opposed this bill
in some of its features are opposed to the bill itself,
and I had the vanity to suppose that the Senator
from Michigan alluded to me this morning when
he expressed his surprise that a Senator from a
commercial State should oppose the bill, though
he was not surprised at Senators from the North-
west doing so. Sir, I do not oppose this bill; I
am a warm, enthusiastic friend of the .bill. No
man can glory more than I do in the credit and
renown which this country and this Government
will gain by being instrumental in establishing
so great and magnificenta work as this line of in-
tercommunication which is to surround the globe.
Sir, I have been an ardent friend of every species
of public improvement from the time 1 could un-
derstand what that meant. It is one of the car-
dinal principles and doctrines of my creed. But
the question is not here whether this work is to
be built or not; the question is, how is it to be
built, and under what circumstances? and that is
the sole question.
I shall not take up the time of the Senate in re-
capitulating the ability and strength and power
and exclusive privileges which have been conferred
upon the gentlemen comprising this company;
that has been so fully ventilated before the Senate
as to attract the eyes of all men in this country
to their power, their influence, and their interest.
But the question is whether the Government of
the United States shall give a suusnly of $50,1)00
