1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tUo.se with whom they have boon politically and socially
connected." " I know it is pleasant to bas>k in the sun-
shine of power. I know that it is pleasant lo have influ-
ence with those who administer the Government and di<
pense its patronage, and appoint those who carry on the
administration, f appreciate those things as much as any-
body. I appreciate highly as anybody tlie timumnes
and courtesies of social life. But, sir, when the interest of
the country i.$ at 9tnkc, and when the intcie&t* of the peo-
ple demand that these things should be exposed, and the
s>r al of condemnation fixed upon them, T will not hesitate,
let the consequences be what they may."—IhuL, p. 700.
Again:
" It is time that the Senate acted. I iiavc done my duty.
I have no moie mterot in it than you have, Senatois. ^ it
tne Senate fail, if the Government fail, if Congress fail,
then, frir, revet enilv would I appeal to a higher Power, and
I would say, < O, Clirist! who with a whip of small coids
drove the money-changers 1'iom the temple of Jerusalem,
13 there no seouigo for the lacciation of those who would
tui 11 the temple oi* our liberty mto another den of thieves?' "
[Applause in the galleues.]—Ibid., p. 70i.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise to make any
extended commcnt upon the point between the
Senator and myself, or on the speeches from
which I have read. 1 could read many other pas-
sages that are as pointed and as denunciatory as
those which 1 have read, in the various speeches
which the gentleman made on that subject. I in-
tended to content myself simply with leading with
a view to the point that sprang up suddenly be-
tween the Senator and myself,and togivehisspcech
of two years ago as authority and proof substan-
tially of the position which (assumed,and which
the Senator denounced in such strong terms.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, as 1 said when
I spoke last, nothing was further from my inten-
tion than to enter into that debate, and I will say
now that 1 regret very much that the Senator from
Kentucky has deemed it necessary to renew the
subject. I confeSs that I do not see that lie has
made good the point which he attempted to es-
tablish; and I leave it with no disposition to do
him injustice, and gratified that he has taken the
subject into his own hands and done himself jus-
tice. I leave the subject, simply saying that i am
proud myself and grateful to him that I have made
a speecli in the Senate which made such an im-
pression upon him that he thought it necessary
two years afterwards to come m here and repeat
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. The impression was so strong
and durable that in its general substance it re-
mained upon my mind before I referred to it, and
I tliink that the honorable Senator is a little more
forgetful and oblivions h inisei f of his own avowed
principles of political morals than I am.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no other amend-
ment be offered to the bill, the question will recur
on the last amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Military Affair*.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to offer a new section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theie is a section
still unacted upon, proposed as an amendment by
the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. But by consent that was laid
aside until the hill should be otherwise perfected.
T!ie VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive other amendments.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment which I pro-
pose, is to insert the following section, to come in
after section eight:
And beitfuither enacted. That no pilot, engineer, mas-tei-
at-aims, oi other p<.'i on having au appointment or actnis*
appointment, and being actually in the naval i-eivice. hhall
be subject to miht.ny dt alt while holdmg-aich appointment,
and toinung one of a chip's complement.
Mr. WILSON. I think that section entirely
unnecessary, as all persons in the navalond mili-
tary service of the United States are expressly
exempted by the teims of the ninth section of the
bill. If Senatois will refer to that section, they
will find that it expressly exempts "alt persons
actually m the military or naval service of the
United States at the time of draft." I think that
cove is everything that need be provided for. The
clause was put into the bill to cover the very thing
suggested by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. I was going to make an
inquiry of the Senator from Massachusetts m re-
lation to the effect of that provision in the ninth
section. This draft may not occui until the term
of scrvicc shall have expired of some who have
been three years in the service of the United
States. If the draft occurs while they are in
service, they are exempt of course; but if the
draft occurs after they go out of service, although
they have served for thice years in the Army of
the United States, is it the intention of the law
that they shall be again liable to diaft? It does
not seem to be expressed so as to make the point
very clear, but the language of the section exempts
only those in service at the time of the draft.
Mr. WILSON. By the existing law persons
who were in the military service when it was
passed are not liable to be drafted for two years
from the lstof July last. The bill now pending,
amendatory of that law, provides that all persons,
whether they were in the military service at that
time or not, who have not been in service two
years, shall be liable to draft, but it provides that
soldiers who have been in the service two years,
and have been honorably discharged, shall not be
included in the draft. There were some regiments
in the service for two years—thuty-eight, I think,
from New York, and a few from Indiana, per-
haps fifty regimentsin all. They have been hon-
orably disc hat ged and musteied out of the service,
having served two years. It was thought rather
hard to put them in the draft, and we have pro-
vided for exempting them. So, too, when the
time of the men who have served the country three
years is out, they ought not to be drafted, at least
not for the present. Perhaps if the war goes on
some years we shall have to put their names on
the list; but in the present condition of the coun-
try, i think the man who lias served two years
and been honorably discharged hasrendeiedgood
service to the Republic, and we ought not to force
him into the service again. We propose that the
names of the six months'men and the nine months'
men, the militia called out for brief periods, shall
go upon the enrollment lists.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask if persons
who have served two years are excepted by this
act which we propose to pass, from enrollment?
If so, i should like to know in which section of
the act the exemption is.
Mr. WILSON. They aie exempted by the
existing law, and we pio\ide by this act that
pcisons who have not served two yeats shall be
liable.
Mr. JOHNSON. Which part of the act?
Mr. WILSON. I will find it for the Senator
presently.
Mr. GRIMES. Section nine, as it now stands
in the bill submitted by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, may be liable to misconstruction, and H
does not include all the cases that it would be de-
sirable should be included in the exemption. For
instance, who is to decide that a man is in the
military or naval seivice of the United States r
The Pi'ovust Marshal General? What is he going
to decide by? By the law of the United States
winch defines the particular officers that shall com-
pose an ordinal y ship's complement? If he de-
cides by that, then he would exclude pilots, for
they are not known as being in the naval service
of the United States, and yet if you take away the
pilots m service on our western waters you de-
sttoy the efficiency of the whole naval service
there, and render useless eighty vessels now in
our service.
Thei e can be no possible objection to the amend-
ment as I have submitted it,'and I can say to the
.Senate that it meets the approval of the Provost
Marshal General, for 1 showed him the amend-
ment as I had drawn it, and he wrote m pencil-
maiks upon it, "and being actually in the naval
seivice, "and I have put thatphrase in. There can
be no objection to it as it here stands. As the bill
now is, it leaves the question entiiely in the con-
trol of the military depai tmcnt, without there being
any means foi the naval department to assert its
tights. I think we ought to treat both services
as entitled to equal rights,It
Mr. WILSON. Lei me hear the amendment
aga i n.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will he again read.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be if ftn thcr cnactcd, That no pilot, rnt'incer, master-
at-urm! , oi oth*r per?.on having an appointment or acting
appointment, and being a< tuiill\ in the nazal M.-ivtce, rfhali
he Milijcct to milita)y draft while holding >neh appointment,
and forming one of a -hip'* complement.
* Mr. WILSON. There is one objection to that.
I have no objection, certainly, to exempt ins: pilots;
I supposed they weie m the naval semce of the
I United States, at least foi the time being; but this
amendment includes m the exemption civil offi-
cers. It includes clerks on boaid vessels, the
clerks of paymasters. We do not exempt clerks •
in the War Office, or in the paymasters'offices
anywhere, and I think those civilians who are o#
board vessels should not be exempt.
Mr. GRIMES. We have not twenty vessels
in the naval scrvicc now in commission the pay-
masters on board of which are entitled to clerks.
These acting assistant paymasters are entitled to
an enlisted man, who is assigned to them, who
assists them in the performance of their duties,
and you cannot take him anyhow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that my friend
from Massachusetts is mistaken as to the effect
of the ninth section, for the language of this sec-
tion is sufficiently forcible to repeal all inconsist-
ent provisions of any other statute; for this section
provides in express words in the last two lines,
" no persons but such as are heiein excepted shtill
be exempt;" that is, excepted in this section; and
this section enumerates those who are to be ex-
empt:
4i Such as are njjeete?d as physically and mentally unfit
foi the service, the Vice President ol the United States,
the judges of the various courts of the United States, the
head:* of the various Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment, the Governors ot the seveial States, and all per-
soif* actually in the military or naval service at the time of
diaft."
Now, if they happen to be^discharged, if their
time has expired before the draft, they are liable
to be drafted, because this very section says that
no persons but such as are herein excepted shall
be exempt. I think that must be the necessary
construction put upon this section, and as my
friend is of a difTerentopinion,and it seems tome
he is mistaken, I call his attention to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was under that apprehen-
sion that 1 inquired of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts if this bill made an exception of those who
had served two years. I do not find it in the bill,
and if it is not in this bill, the Senator from Wis-
consin is cleai iy rightthat no persons are exempt
except such as may be excepted by virtue of the
ninth section of this act.
Mr. WILSON. By the existing law, persons
in the military service of the United States at the
time it was passed weie not liable to be enrolled.
Mr. CLARK. But this will repeal the exist-
ing law.
Mr. WILSON. No, it does not repeal the ex-
isting law; certainly it was not so intended. We
provide in the fifth section of this bill for the enroll-
ment of the nine months' men and others who
have served less than two years. The provision
is that " any person arriving at the age of twenty
years, and also any person who has not been in the
military or naval service of the United States two
years and honorably discharged therefrom,"'shall
be enrolled. It was intended to enroll men who
had served less than two years, but not to enroll
those who had served for that period of time. 1/
Senators think this exemption section will over-
ride that provision, I am willing to have it amend-
ed, but that was the object.
Mr. CLARK. You had better consider it
carefully.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa by striking out
the words " or other person."
The question being put, it was announced that
the amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I rose while the vote was being
taken,to ascei tain what amendment was proposed
to be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A new section is
offeied as an amendment, and the Secretary will
read it as it now stands.
The Secretary read as follows:
.find he it further enacted, Tliat no pilot, engineer, or
in.istcr-at-.l! itife bavins an appointment or aetine appoint-
ment and ht*in<r actually m tin; naval si-ivice, shall bo sub-
ject to linlitaiy dialt while holding Mich appointment, and
loiimng one ot a ship'* complement.
Mr. HOWE. I did not undeistond whether
the question put to the Senate was on that amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question put
was on an amendment to the amendment, striking
out the words " or other person" after the word
"arms."
Mr. GRIMES. Has that amendment to the
amendment been declared to be earned?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so de-
1 e'ded; but ll there was a misunderstanding of the
iiiattei, with the consent (if the Senate the Chair
w.ll irgard it as open, and put the question again.
