1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
hundred men were not present at the "dedica-
tion?" Did they linger behind? Ob, not Had
they proved false to their faith, and deserted it in
the hour of danger and .trial? Not at all, sir.
Why, then, is their place vacant; and why is to
be seen among this group of pioneers such a large
proportion of aged and infirm men? I will tell
you, Mr. Chairman. After these men had been
exited, and after they had traveled across unset-
tled fowawith thcflag which now floats so proudly
over the pioneer camp, borne at the head of their
column, and after they had gone into tents on the
banks of the Missouri river,an order came from
the,President of the United States asking them to
furnish five hundred men as volunteers to assist
in preserving the honor of the nation in a war
with a foreign Power.
As pertinent to this piece of history, I have
taken the following extr&ct from the able official
report of Captain Stansbury's exploration and
survey of the Great Salt Lake valley, published
among the Executive Documents, special session,
March, 1851. After speaking of the injuries which
the people had received and the wiongs which
they had endured, Captain Stansbury says;
"But from all that i paw and heard, T deem it butsimple
justice to say, that notwithstanding these causes of irrita-
tion, a more loyal and patriotic people cannot be found
Within the limits of the Union. This I think was emphat-
ically shown in the promptitude and cheerfulness with
Which they responded to the call of the Government to fur-
nish a battalion lor set vice during the Mexican war. While
In the heart of aa Indian country, and on the eve of a long
and uncertain pilgrimage into an unknown wilderness, they
were suddenly called upon to sut render five hundred of their
best men to the Imzards of a homie campaign, and to the
exposure andvicissitudes of a march of two thousand miles
across trackless deserts ami burning plains to hghtthe bat-
tles of their country. Their peculiar eireumstnucos pre-
sented almost insuperable objection to a compliance with
the requisition, yctnouhe slightest hesitation was evinced.
i You shall have your battalion at once,' was the reply of
President Young, ' if it has to he a class of our elders ;5 and
In three days the force, recruitedprlneipallyamongtatlu'rs
of families, was raised and n-ady to march, lleie, cer
tainly, was no evidence of lack of patriotism "—Revolt,
pp. J44,145,
Colonel J. Allen, who raised what is known as
the Mormon battalion under the peculiar circum-
stances spoken of by Captain Stansbury, before
his departure sends to J. C. Little, Esq., a letter
of which the following is a true copy:
Headquarters Mormon Hattauon.
Council Ih.tm's, July'■.10, 18-16.
Dear Sir: Colonel Kane Inn infoimed me of your in
tended departure for the East, and of your drsiie that
would express to you my opinion oowemin  (lie ehaiaete
of the Mormon people as denvcd Iroui my obr-eivation
among litem on my present duties.
I have been intimately associated with tliis people since
the 20th ulumo, as my duty requned,in raising the battalion
of volunteers now under my command. In the huny of
business connected with my immediate inau ii from this
place I have only time to say that m all of my intcrcom*c
with the Moimons I have iound them civil, polite, and hon-
est as a people. Them appe.irs to be much intelliijenei
among them, particuhuly with their principal num or lead-
ers) to whom I feel much Indebted for their active and zeal-
ous exertions to raise the volunteer force that I was author-
ized to ask for lor the sei vice of the United Htatcs.
The president of the council,Mi. Bu han) Young, is en-
titled tomy particular thanks. All of Unpeople ;ue entirely
patriotic, and they have come with cheei itilne^, but under
circumstances of great difficulty to them, t<> enlist Hum
selves in th« seiviee of their country
lu my official report to the War Department, which I
shall make on my arrival at Fort Leaven woith, 1 will ^peuk
more fully of the community ol the Mormon people, or
Mormon church.and will here say toyou that 1 think them,
as a community in thMr eiicum^utuees, deserving of a high
considejation from our Government.
Very respectluUv, your obedient servant,
J. ALLEN',
Lieutenant- Colonel Commanding Mormon JJaitalion.
J. C. Little, Esq.
Colonel P. St. George Cooke, who commanded
the battalion, after he reaches the shores of the
Pacific issues the following- order:
[Orders, No. L]
Ueadqoahtkrs Mormon Battalion,
MlbstON o* San Dikoo, January JO, 1817.
The lieutenant colontl commanding eongiaiulates the
battalion on their safe iniiv.il on she «hor« of the Pacific
ocean and the conclusion of it* march of over  wo thousand
miles. Ili&forvinay be seau-hed iuvatnfoi an i-qm! maich
ot infantry. Nine tenths of it has been through a wddet-
ness whuc nothing but savage.-.and wild beasts aie found,
oj deserts wheie,for w.mt ot water, there i + nohving ciea-
tur*3. Theie, with almost hopeless, labor, ue havedujrdoep
- wells, which the ('mure iiaveler will enjoy. Without a
guide who had fraw^ d Uiun we have vemui ed into ti.icU-
J«-S5 pfan jos,wheie wai'jr wasnot found for-fcvei.il marches.
Willi crowbar and pn k and axiri hand, we li.ivo woiked
our wav ov<-r mountain* which s>eemcd to deiy aught have
the Wild goat, ami hew rd a parage tlmmsrb acha-m of liv-
ing rock ioom- natroiv than out wagons. To bung th^-e
first waaons to tii© Pacific wo have preserved the strength
of the mule* by holding tliem ever ovei large tracts, which
you have laboriously guarded without loss. The garrisons
oitour presidios f>t Sonora concentrated within the walls
of Tucson gave us no pause. We drove them out with
their artillery; but our intercouise with the citizens was
unmarked by a single act of injustice. Thus marching,
half naked and half fed, and living upon wild animals, we
have discovered and made a load of great value to oui
country. .
, Arrived at the first bettiementof California,after a Mngle
day's rest you cheerfully turned oflf fiorn the route to this
point of promised repose to enter upon a campaign and
meet, as we believed, the approach of the enemy; and this^
too, without even salt to season your sole subsistence ot
fresh meat. >
Lieutenants A. J. Smith and George Stoneman, of the
first dragoons, have sharedfind given you valuable aid in all
these labois.
Thus, volunteers, you have exhibited some high and es-
sential qualities of veteraus. But much remains undone.
Soon you will turn your strict attention to the (hill, to sys-
tem and order, to forms also, which are alt neeessaiy to the
soldier.
ISy order of Lieutenant Colonel P. St. George Cooke.
P. C. MERRILL, Adjutant.
These official papers explain the absence of the
five hundred men on the day the pioneers reached
their new home "in the valleys of the mount-
ains. " They were proving their fidelity to their
country, their devotion to its flng, by fighting un-
der the stars and stripes of that banner which is
now planted, for the first time, upon soil which
never before was penetrated by civilization.
But, sir, these people were no strangers to pio-
neer life. They weie pioneers in Missouri, and
published the first newspaper west of Jefferson
City, I think m 1831. They were pioneers in
western Illinois, and built the beautiful city of
Nauvoo, They first settled western Iowa, pub-
lished the first paper in that part of the State, and
made a settlement where now stands the thriving
city of Council Bluffs. They landed the firstship
freighted with emigrant settlers where now stands
San Francisco, a city unrivaled in wealth, popu-
lation, and commercial importance for its age in
the history of the world; a city which we, as
Americans, are all so proud of. They were the
first of our American citizens to remove the earth
and unkennel the gold which had lain forages
in its undiscovered resting-place, the result of
which levolutionized the commercial world.
These are all facts which have passed into and
become a part of the history of the country.
Wherever they have been industiy and enterprise
have maiked their progress.
But, sir, to return to the settlement of Utah.
This settlement was commenced when that which
now constitutes Utah belonged to Mexico. The
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, if I am not mis-
taken, by which our extreme western and south-
western possessions were acquired, was not
signed until February, 18-18, six months alter the
pioneer settlement. While the brave Mormon
battalion, under its gallant leader, weie enduring
the sufferings of a nulitaiy campaign in Mexico,
their brethren and families were planting Amer-
ican civilization ami American industry in a Mex-
ican province, where the red man had foi ages
held undisputed dominion. The country was a
desert, so known in your geographies and upon
your maps. It was uninhabited, except by the In-
dian, and understood to be uninhabitable for pur-
poses of cultivation. High ranges of mountains
towering into the very heavens, covered with per-
petual snow, deep gorges, narrow and impassa-
ble canons, chasms, and fissures, everywhere sur-
rounded the small valleys which reposed in wild
and undisturbed nature at their base, presenting
a cold and cheeiless prospect to an agricultural
people. Experimental cultivation had never been
tried, and so confident was the old mountaineer
and Indian trader Captain Biidger that when tried
it would piove a failure, that he offeicd '^1,000to
the bold pioneets for the first ear of corn that was
raised. Add to these frowns ofnature the appall-
ing fact that the country was destitute of rain,
and that death from starvation must be the inev-
itable result if they faded to raise a crop, and you
may well imagine how a people with less faith
would have felt situated as they were.
But, sir, this was not all. The company, con-
sisting of men, women, and children, had pene-
trated"twelve hundred miles west through a con-
tinuous Indian country. Ei ht hundred miles
still furthei west to the Pacific was an unbroken
Indian country; while to the north tor six hun-
dred miles the Bannocks and Flat-fiends kept
the white man at bay and from occupying the in-
viting valleys of the Willamette and Columbia, and
for almost uu unknown distance on the south the
Utes, Pfth-Utes, Pi-Utes, and Navajos held proud
and undisputed possession.
This, sir, is a mere glance at the condition of
the country at the time the pioneers arrived and
commenced their first settlement in July, 1847.
Still, under such circumstances, which Captain
Stansbury well says were enough to appall the
stoutest heart, they faltered not, but under the
direction of their wise president, Brigham Young,
they went to work, building forts for protection
against the Indians, erecting their houses, laying
out their city, planting fields, digging ditches for
irrigation, and making preparations for the sub-
sistence of human life. Only four years after-
wards Captain Stansbury in his report uses the
following language in speaking of Great Salt Lake
City, where the first settlement was commenced:
" When it is remembered that within the space of four
yeais this countiy was but a wild and dieary wilderness,
where the how) of the wolf and the yell of the iiifceiaMe
Induui alone awoke the echoes of the mountains, and
where the bear, the deer, and antelope roamed seeurcly
over what is now a compact and populous city; that tiie
physical obstacles to the occupation of a region so unpiom-
ising weie sufficient to discourage the most sanguine im-
agination and to appall thestiongcst heait, the mind is tilled
with wonder at witnessing the immense lesuits which have
been accomplished in so shorta tune, and from a beginning
apparently so insignificant."—Page 144.
But, sir, the people have been blessed in their
efforts to subdue the desert. The city here men-
tioned by Captain Stansbury has now a popula-
tion of about fifteen thousand people, with nearly
every branch Of mechanical and manufacturing
industry represented, and not a drinking saloon,
a billiard saloon, or a bowling saloon to demoral-
ize the people and check the onward progress of
industry. What city in America of its popula-
tion can say as much? It is truly a gem in the
desert. The half-way house to the Pacific, it is
a most convenient resting-place for the traveler
after journeying twelve hundred miles over plains
of sand, without a tree or shrub save the con-
stantly recurring sage, and before encountering
a desert which still lies before him, a distance of
six hundred miles, before he reaches the Sierra
Nevada.
The comparatively small beginning in 1847
has grown and lengthened until now the settle-
ments extend a distance of five hundred miles
north and south; and wherever a valley can be
found that can be watered there you will find the
industrious, uncomplaining settler, making an
honest living m the way most congenial to nature
and most conducive to health, by the cultivation
of the soil.. Not onlyare the ordinary vegetables
and cereals produced, but in the southern partof
the Territory they are raising cotton, and last year
exported some tons to the States, the product of
free white labor, thereby removing the objection
of some of our eastern friends to the use of this
necessary article. In a word, the desert has been
converted into the fiuitful field, and the frowns of
nature exchanged for smiles and gladness.
But, Mr. Chairman, all this hasl)eenthe result
of constant, uncomplaining toil, great hardship
and exposure, and often the sacrifice of life. For
the first few years of the infant settlements, the
people were compelled to huddle together, and
build and live in forts for protection against the
jealous hostility of the Indians. Their policy has
been to feed and not to fight them. It has been
estimated that it has no! cost the* people less than
^100,(500 annually to support these wards of the
General Government since 1847, making a total
of ^1,600,000. During the same period what have
your Indian wars in Oregon cost the Government ?
in New Mexico? and the Indian servicem Califor-
nia? More, I venture the assertion, in one year
than the Government has paid for Indian seiviee
during the entire time Utah has been a Territory.
To the peaceful, wise, and conciliatory policy
pursued by Governor Eu^ham Young, who was
appointed Governor and ex officio superintendent
of Indian atfairs by Mr. Fillmore on the organ-
ization of the territorial government, and who
was continued in office over seven years, is to be
attributed the fact that Utah has not been afflicted
with Indian wars as have other Territories. By
this policy vast sums of money have been saved
to the United States.
In itlation to the appointment of Governor
Young, Captain Stansbury, on pp. 14-1-147, says:
"Upon the action of the Incentive in the appointment
of the officers within the ncnvly created Tenitoiy, it dot*
not become me to offer other than a very diffident opinion.
" Vet the opportunities of information to which allusion
