1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by them. If I am correctly informed, this Gov-
ernment owes something of a debt of gratitude to
the State banks of this country for their course
towaid the Government in the beginning of this
struggle. Did not these banks loan to the Gov-
ernment of the United States all their gold and
silver? Have not these banks actually taken of
the bonds of the United States moie than the
whole of their capital, and do they not hold those
bonds now? I ask, gentlemen, if youundeitake
to forcc them suddenly to wind up by open hos-
tility to them, will you not force all the securities
which they hold upon the market; and if the
Secretary of the Treasury must go into the mar-
ket to se!l our bonds, and there meets either our
own bonds or othergood securities in competition
with him, will it not of necessity reduce the price
of our securities? And we seem to be in this
strange state of things, that the holders of our
bonds are interested in their depreciation, because
the more they are depreciated the more they can
buy with the interest they receive upon them in
gold.
Let us look at this question as it is. I agree
with the Senator from Massachusetts that a good
national currency is the most of all to be desired.
We have in theoiysucha national currency—
gold and silver. That is the rflfmey of the Con-
stitution; but practically, in the existing state of
things, the currency which we use is paper; the
paper of State banks, the paper of these national
banks, and the paper of the GeneiaJ Govei nment.
If the policy to be adopted by Congress is imme-
diately to destroy or drive out of existence all
State banks and all State bank circulation, 1 have
a much better plan than the one contained in this
national bank biit; and that is to substitute in its
place dircctiy the notes or greenbacks of the Gov-
ernment. They cost us nothing. We pay no
interest upon them. If you desire to destiny the
State bank circulation, to allow another class of
men to occupy its place, what do we gain? If
we weie to drive out of circulation the notes of
the State banks, amounting to $170,000,000, we
could issue $170,000,000 of greenbacks in their
place that would not cost us anything. It would
be a loan to the Government of the United States
of $170,000,000 without interest, and the people
would prefer that altogether. But I assume that
no such destructive policy is to be attempted, or if
attempted thatitcannot succeed without most tre-
mendous financial convulsions.
Theie an- so many men engaged in the busi-
ness of banking, so many who have interest!3 in-
volved in or connected with it, that some system
of paper money banking is regarded essential to
the business of the country. While I would not
destroy the State banks, and I am willing to give
to these national associations many advantages,
making them ourdepositories,receivingthen bills
in the payment of demands due to the Govern-
ment, which will encoui age State banks to change
their system and withdraw their ciiculation in
order to organize under this bill; while J agree
perfectly in that,and sustain this bill with all my
heart so far as that goes, I wi'l not sustain it to
the point of making open war upon the State
banks as such, with the declared purpose to de-
stroy them and all the State institutions of the
country founded upon State rights.
There is one other poiutupon which J will say
a word, and that is the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] compelling
these banjos to ledeem their paper in the cities of
New York, Boston, and Philadelphia, at one
fourth of one per cent, discount. My opinion is
that that will very much strengthen and national-
ize these institutions. It will make their notes de-
sirauie to the people; as circulation they will be
sought for. It will give a very great advantage,
in my opinion, to these institutions. It will en-
courage the people to take their notes and encu-
late them,and to prefer doing business with them
rafher than with the State institutions, because
they redeem at so smaK a discount in the city of
New York, that substantially their notes will be
at par all over the country and constitute a na-
tional currency. Ren g receivable in taxes of any
kind, they will be sought as the greenbacks now
are. I think that amendment a wise one.
But, sir, I undeistand the Senator from Ohio
has suggested a motion that this whole suhject-
mattei be referred back to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I d^d not submit any mo-
tion to refer it to the Committee on Finance. I
said it should go to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why should it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give my reasons pres-
ently.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not in order for me
now to move the amendment on which I have
addiessed the Senate. It bears on the point in-
volved in the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souii, and therefore it was in order for me to
speak upon know. Buthisamendment doesnot
cover the wholeground. Hisamendment would
have the effect of limiting all the national currency
to be issued under this bill to §29,000,000. I would
not do that. I would allow the State banks in
existence to withdraw their circulation and take
the national currency, and substitute it for that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand the Sena-
tor to argue that the United States notes are good
enough currency if we want a national currency.
He has also argued that we have enough green-
backs out to make a circulating medium in this
country. Then of course, according to his own
argument, we ought to stop this circulation. When
the tax bill comes up, if we desire to tax the State
banks out of existence we can do it very easily;
but we have nothing to do with the State banks
in this bill. This is a bill to organize a system
of national banks. I do not desire to interfere with
State banks in this bill at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.* Mr. President, this sub-
ject of currency cannot be considered independ-
ent of the currency issued by State banks. It
seems to me gentlemen are mistaken if they sup-
pose they can consider the question of currency
in this country and in this crisis without taking
into consideration the existing state of things and
survey the whoiefield. Thatnecessanly embraces
the whole circulation. We must act upon and in
reference to the §170,000,000 of State bank cur-
rency as well as upon the national currency,
greenbacks, gold,nndall. We must consider the
two together. We cannot consider them sep-
arately. They are part and parcel of the same
mixed currency, the same volume, constituting
together an essential part of the existing state of
things. I think, of necessity, when we act on
this question as to the amount of national cur-
rency which we are to peimit to go into circula-
tion under this bill, wc must ha ve i efurencc to the
State banks and their circulation.
I cannot sustain the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri without some such provisos as I
have proposed, because it makes no provision for
the existing State banks to change their circula-
tion and organize under this bill. They would
not be allowed to do so -under his amendment.
The whole effect would be to limn this national
curiency to the amount of $29,000,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. If my amendment he
adopted it will not interfere with the otganizn-
tion of al! the capital of this country under this
bill. The Senator is sadly mistaken in that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It would interfere with
their organizing and receiving the currency pro-
vided fot by this act.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly; but I under-
stand the Senator to argue that we have aheudy
too much circulation. How much better will this
ciiculation be than United States Treasury notes?
By issuing them we save the interest. The Sen-
ator himself lias argued that by putting out Uni-
ted Stales notes in pieference to adopting tins
system we save the mteiest.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 agree with the Senator
that if Congress was to adopt now a measure to
destroy the^State banks and wipe out ail their
circulation it would be better to substitute for that
circulation the greenbacks of the Govei nment on
which we pay no interest than it would be to sub-
stitute for it this national bank circulation, and
the State banks themselves would be better satis-
fied with that than the building upof associations
on the ruins of the State banks, lesulting from
open and declared hostility against them. They
can understand the logicand consistency of hav-
ing their ciiculation destroyed to give place to the
notes of the Government itself. But, Mi. Piesi-
dent, I dn not understand thai such is the determ-
ination of Congiess at thi.s time. I <U> not ut d<-r-
staiui 11 to be the judgment of either House that
the State bunks aie to be taxed out of ixi.Uuite.
They are still to be permitted to exist; and" if so
we must deal with them as existinginstitutions, '
as they are. We should induce them to organize
under this law. But you could get no one to do
business under thislawif they have not the priv-
ilege of issuing circulation. They could not com-
pete with State banks at all if they have-no.such
privilege, and the Slate banks would not change
their system to organize under this act without
the privilege of issuing circulation. '
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr, President, if the
amendment that I have offered be adapted it will
stop this system where it now is, and 1 offer it
with that view. I offer it to prevent the further
inflation of the currency. In presenting a prop-
osition of this sort I do not desire to be under-
stood as placing myself in opposition to the best
interests of the country, as was argued by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] yester-
day. I believe he said in his speech that every-
thing that was done in this Senate calculated to
hamper the bill under consideration is as bad as
an attempt to hamper our soldiers in the field._ I
believe he also said that a defeatof the Treasury
is a defeat of our arms.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 said no such thing.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am repeating the lan-
guage as I understood it, in order 
Mr. SUMNER. I said every attempt to ham-
per the national finances.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not see any causc
for the Senator's excitement. 1 certainly am not
in the habit of misrepresenting any gentleman on
the floor, and there is no use of any excitement
about it. 1 repeated the language as I understood
it, and as he is present, it is easy to correct it.
1 would not intentionally misrepresent him or
anybody else; but I certainly understood the whole
drift of the argument he made yesteiday in his
very able elucidation of this subject to be that any
person who interfered with the great system as
indicated in this bill was putting himself in the
way of the success of the country. In other words,
the clear inference was that unless this bill were
passed the Secretary of the Treasury could not
get along with the finances; that a defeat of the
Treasury (and if this bill were not passed it
would b  a defeat of the Treasury) was just as
bad as a defeat of our arms.
Although the Senator may not have used those
precise words, yet he will find, when his speech
appears in the public piints, I have not improp-
erly stated what was the clear implication of his
remarks. But, sir, I do not wish him or any
other gentleman to understand that in opposing
a system of banking such as is about to be or-
ganized under this bill I am putting myself
against the success of the country. If I do so,
it is an eiroi of the head and not of the heart. I
do not desiie to interfere with the success of our
arms. If there is anything on earth that I do cor-
dially desire it is the early suppression of this
rebellion. Like the Senator from Massachusetts,
I am perfectly willing, if the saciifice of all the
State banks would accomplish that end, to sacri-
fice them now. I am^wilhng to do more than that;
1 am wiHtng to sacrifice other and greater intei-
ests to accomplish that object.
But, sir, how will the sacrifice of the State
banks accomplish anything? 1 appealed to the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] a few days
since, when the proposition in regard to the Bank
of Commerce was under consideration, to tell me
if he could how this biH was to benefit the Sec-
retary of theTreasury. The Senator fiom Maine
turned me ovei for explanation to the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman;] and I must say that
since that time I have not heard a lenson assigned
by the Senator fiom OhioJ [Mi. Sherman,] or
anybody else, for the passage of this bill. I know
that the Secretary of the Treasui y last fall in his
report to Confess gave what he regards as lea-
sons for it. But 1 am perhaps too dull to appre-
ciate those reasons. 1 am perfectly willing to do
everything that a man can do withm the narrow
limits of my own judgment to sustain the finances
of the Government and to aid and assist us mil-
itary operations to a successful conclusion. This
statement for me is unnecessary, however, for I
have never failed to vote men and money to carry
on the war, and I expect to continue to do it, un-
less \ hud its fuither prosecution is hopeless. As
1 have s.ud, I cannot understand the reasons—
and 1 haveexaimued them carefully—thatarein-
