1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better dis-
pose of the section in relation to the §300 clause,
which is the real difficulty in regard to this bill,
and then acton these rninorquestions afterwards.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont withdraws his amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I understand it is necessary
to have an executive session to-day, and I hope
we can finish this bill to-morrow; and for that
purpose I move to go into executive session with
the view of taking this bill up and acting upon it
to-morrow.
Mr. FOSTER. Before that motion is made, I
wish to ask whether the bill with the amendments
might not be printed this evening, so that we
could have them to-moriow? There are a great
many amendments that are not on the printed
bill. I do not wish to make a motion to delay
action upon it; butif the bill and the amendments
can be printed by to-morrow, I will make that
motion.
Mr, HENDRICKS. I intend to propose two
amendments to this bill, and I desire that they be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut moves that the bill, with the amend-
ments which have been agreed to, together with
the proposed amendments, be printed.
Mr. FOSTER. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatorder will be
made, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to move, as a sub-
stitute for the section reported by the committee
numbered scction twenty, the amendment which
I laid on the table a few days ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has it been printed?
Mr. SUMNER. It has already been printed,
and I now call attention to it, because I should
like to have the Senate prepared to enter on its
consideration whenever section twenty reported
by the committee comes up.
Mr. DAVIS. I have a short amendment which
I should like to offer and have printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT, it will be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that my amendment be
printed in connection with the amendments to
this bill, so that it may be before the Senate to-
morrow, as it is intended to be moved as a substi-
tute for section twenty reported by the committee.
Mr. HOWE. I wish also to give notice that
I shall propose the amendment which I formerly
offered to Senate bill No. 18, to section twenty of
this bill. It is m print, and need not be printed
again.
Mr. ANTHONY. I give notice that I shall
also propose as an amendment to this bill the one
I proposed before to Senate bill No. 18. That has
been printed, and it is unnecessary to order its
reprinting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If Senators desire
amendments to be printed, they can forward them
to the Secretai y at this'timc, and have them print-
ed with the bill.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 7, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NEW MEXICO CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the pa-
pers in the contested-election case of J. M. Gal-
legos rs. F. Perea, as Delegate from New Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
NEW ROAD TO NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER also announced that he had
appointed the following as the select committee
on a new road from New York to Washington,
ordered by the House on yesterday: Augustus
Brandegee, of Connecticut; Joiin B. Alley, of
Massachusetts; Samuel J. Randall, of Pennsyl-
vania; John F. Farnswortii, of Illinois; James
Brooks, of New York; John A. Garfield, of
Ohio; Edwin H. W^b^ier, of Maryland; Dan-
iel W. Voorhees, of Indiana; and Ithamar C.
Sloan, of Wisconsin.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN WEST TENNESSEE.
Mr. WILSON introduced a bill to change the
place of holding the circuit and district courts
of the United States for the district of West
Tennessee, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
COUltT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. WILSON also introduced a bill concern-
ing thejurisdiction ofthe Court of Claims; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
REVISION OF THE STATUTES.
Mr. WILSON also introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the revision and consolidation of the stat-
utes of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, and leferred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
CONFISCATION.
Mr. WILSON also introduced a joint resolu-
tion to amend "A joint lesolution explanatory
of an act to suppress insurrection, to punish trea-
son and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels, and for other purposes,"approved
July 17,1862; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
BOUNTY.
Mr. WILSON also introduced a bill to provide
for auditing and allowing claims for bounty un-
der an act entitled, "An act to amend an act en-
titled 'An act to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws, and pro-
tecting public property,'" approved March 3,
1863; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
KEOKUK SOLDIERS' MONUMENT.
Mr. WILSON also introduced abill makingan
appropriation for the erection of a monument to
the United States soldiers buried in the cemetery
at Keokuk, Iowa; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
SOLDIERS' AID SOCIETIES.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill to exempt
from payment of postage letters and documents of
soldiers' aid societies; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
WAR DEBTS.
Mr. BLAINE submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary ofthe Treasury be directed
to ascertain the amount of debt incurred in the several States
in their efforts to aid in suppressing the rebellion; and that
m the judgment of this House all debts legitimately and
necessarily contracted for this purpose should ultimately
he a^uirieri and liquidated by the General Government.
Mr. MORRILL. I object.
The SPEAKER. That being a resolution call-
ing on the executive department for information,
must, under the rules, lie over one day.
PEACE.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts,submitted
the following resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
Whereas* the organized treason having it^ headquarters
at Richmond exists in defiant violation of the national Con-
stitution, and Iia^> no cla m to be tieated othciwisc than as
an outlaw ; and whtrcas tin- Richmond combination ofeon-
epnatorsand tialters can have no rightfulauthoutyoverthe
people ot any poition ot the national"Uiuon,and no warrant
lor attuning control of the political destiny of the people
of any State or section of tin? Union, and no apology but
thatoi coTibpuacy and tnja^on fin any assumption of author-
ity whatever: Theiolbre,
/2eso/i.Cf/,That any pioposition to negotiate with the rebel
leadets at Richmond (sometimes called " the authorities at
Richmond'') foi a restoration of loyally and order m t!io«e
portions of tiie lie public which have been disorganized by
the rebellion, is, in effect, a proposition to recognize the
ringleaders ot the rebellion as entitled to represent and bind
the loyal citizens of the United States whom they opprcfS,
and to give countenance and support to the pretentions of
conspiracy and treason; and therefore every such propo-
sition should be rejected without hesitation or delay.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Baldwin,
of Massachusetts, and Holman*, weie appointed.
The previous question was seconded, the toil-
ers having reported—uyes G2, noes 30.
The main question was then ordered to be put. .
Mr. HARRINGTON. I ask for the separation
of the resolution from the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
only operative on the resolution.
Mr. COX moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. LAZEAR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, JohnD. Baldwin, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Blaine, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, BoutweH,
Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry WmterDavis, Dawes,
Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckiey,Eliot, Farnsworth, Fen-
lon, Garfield, Gooch, Grinneil, Griswold, Hale, liigby,
llohnan, Hooper, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kas-
son, Kclley, Francis W. Kellogg, Kernan, King, Loan,
Longyear, Lovcjoy, Marvin, McBride, McClurg, Middle-
ton, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pike, Pomejoy,
Price, William H. Randall, John II. llice, Scoflekl, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spalding, Stebbins, Stevens?,
Sweat, Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B.
Washbuine, William B. Washburn, Webster, Williams,
Wilson, Wmdom, Woodbridge, and Yeaman—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bliss, Brooks, Gov, Dennison,
Edgerton, Finck, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Herrick,
Knapp, Long, Marcy, William fl. Miller, Morrison, Noble,
Pendleton, Peiry, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Ross,
Strouse, and Fernando Wood—24.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. ANCONA stated that his colleague, Mr.
Johnson, was detained from the House by illness,
and that lie was paired on this and all like ques-
tions with his colleague, Mr. Moorhead.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH stated that his
colleague, Mr. Miller, was detained from the
House by sickness.
Mr. GARFIELD made th e same statement
respecting his colleague, Mr. Schenck.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, demanded
the previous question on the preamble.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HARRINGTON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 102,nays none; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Bax-
ter, Blame, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Bofitvvell, Brandegoe,
Brooks, Bioomatl, James S. Brown, William G.Brown,
Cobb,CofFroth, Cole, Cox, Cravens, Creswell, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawes, Doming, Denmson, Dixon, Eliot, Fenton,
Finck. Frank, Gai field, Gooch, Grider, Grin null, Griswold,
Hale, Hanington, llernck.Higby, Ilolman, Hoopei,John
II. Hubbard, Ilulbuid, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kernan, King, La^ear, Loan,Longyear, Lovcjoy,
Marvin, McBride, MeClurg, Middleton, William H. Miller,
Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, No-
ble, Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, John
H. luce, Rogers, Scofield, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spald-
ing, Stebbins, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Strouse, Sweat, Thayer. Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Webster,
Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, and Ycaman—102.
NAYS—None.
So the preamble was adopted.
NAVAL DEPOTS AND YARDS.
Mr. BRANDEGEE introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Whereas the attention of Congress has at previous, and
alt-o at the present bCbeion, been called by the Secretary of
the N«wv to the necessity for the establishment of new
yards or naval depots for the construction and repairing of
iron-clad*: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
stituted to mquiie into the expediency of establishing such
yaids or depots, and report at what situ or such yards
ought to be established; with leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. ROGERS introduced the following resolu-
tions; upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That as our country and the existence of the
old Union are imperiled by a rebellion against the wisest
and befet Government ever devised by man, we are for the
most united, determined, and vigorous prosecution of the
war for the purpose ol enfoieing the Constitution ot the
United States, and the laws made in purMiance thuieof, in
all paits of the United States; but at the same time we aie
for adding to toice the power of conciliation and compro-
mise so far as is consistent with an honorable and lasting
peace, and founded solely upon a jpstoiation of the Union
