1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1173
1ms aheadv been made may perhaps justify me in present-
ing the result ot my own obsei v.Uion.->on tiiihsubject. With
all due deference, then, 1 Icel eon&traintd to &ay tlj.it, i;i
mv opinion, the appointment of the. president of the Moi-
moii chuicli and head 0f the Simmon community m pief-
eronce to any other person to tho high office ot Governor of
the Territory, independent of the political bearings, with
which £ have nothing to do, was a measure dictated alike
by justice and sound policy. Intimately connected with
them from their exodus from Illinois, this man has bfcn in-
deed their Moses, leading them through the wilderness to
a remote and unknown land, where they have since set up
their tabernacle, and where they arc now building their
temple. Resolute in danger, firm and sagacious in coun-
cil, prompt and energetic in emeigency, and enthusiastic-
ally devoted to the honor and mteicsts of hi& people, he had
won their unlimited confidence, esteem, and\eneration,
and held an unrivaled place in then hearts," * "*
* * " Intimately acquainted Willi then chaiactcr,
capabilities, wants, and weaknesses, identified now with
their pio^pouty, as he had toimerly shaied lo tho full in
their adveisity and soirow, honoied. trusted, tue whole
wealth of the community placcd in his hands foi the ad-
vancement both ot tiie spnitual and temporal interests of
the inlaut settlement, he was surely, ot all otUcts, tJie man
bc-st fitted to preside, under the auspices ot the General
Government, ovi r acolony of which he may justly he said to
have been the. founder. No other man could have s,o entirely
fcecured the confidence of the people; and this selection by
the Executive of the man ot their choice, besides being
highly giatilying to then), is recognized as an ao&uiancc
that they shall hereafter leceive at the hands of the Gen-
eral Government that justice and consideration to which
tl.ey are entitled." * * * "As to the
imputations that have been made against the peisonal char-
acter of the Governor, I leel confident they are without
foundation/' * * * * " Oitain it is that
the moat entire confidence felt m his integrity, personal,
official, and pecuniary, on the pait of those to whom a long
and intimate association, aud m the most trying emergen-
cies, has afforded every possible opportunity ot l'oiining a
just and accuiate judgment of lug uue chaiacter."
Governor Young was succeeded by the ap-
pointment, in 1857, of Alfred Cummiog. Early
in the present session of Congress a very serious
charge was made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fernando Wood] against the people,
charging them with rebellion, which I replied to
at the time. He said this " rebellion commenced
early in 1857. The immediate cause was the ex-
ercise of Federal authority and the appointment
of a territorial Governor." The truth is, so far
from there having been any opposition by Gov-
ernor Young to the cxcrcisc of Fedctal authority
by his successor, Governor Gumming, that it is
a notable fact that Governor Young sent out a
party to escort the new Governor into the city,
and furnished Governor Cumrning with ftesh ani-
mals, and the party conducted the new Governor
into Great Salt Lake City; and when he arrived
he was greeted and made welcome by Governor
Young as his rightful successor in office. It is
due to Governor Gumming to say that he dis-
chaiged the duties of his office to the entire sat-
isfaction of the people. From the elaborate work
of Captain Burton, (the English tourist, and au-
thor of that celebrated work The Lake Regions of
Central Afiica,) entitled The City of the Saints,
page 215, I quote the following relative to the
entree of Governor Cumrning:
" fir had been told bcloie entering that hi" hie was in
danger, lie was not, howevei, a man to be deteired H'om
a sot!h-d puipo-.e, and expenmcnt showed that to tar liom
being niolt'&tod he was received with a salute and all tiie
lionois."
This information was obtained fiom Governor
Cnmmmg, when the author was m Great {Salt
Luke City, in 18G0.
I propose now, sir, in conclusion, to review, in
a brief manner, the lepeated efforts made by the
people of Utah to be admitted into the Union.
As preliminary to this, I extract frum the well-
considered report of Captain Stansbury, to which
refeiencc has already been made, as containing
the views of this able officer, formed after an in-
timate acquaintance of more than a year with the
people. On page 144 he says:
"Apprehensions have been entertained as to the expe-
diency of'givmg any countenance to the founding m our
midst of an association ot men so pecu'iat in views and
so distinct in principles, manneis, and customs fiom the
rest of the American people. Serious doubts, too, have
been expies>ed in repaid to the polmy of appointing itlor-
rnons to offices ot high trustiu the administration ot the af-
faiisot the newly created Teiutoij; and dircet charges
have been widHj published, .-oriou^ly ulfectmg tho pan lot-
ism and peisonal lcputation of the Mormon leadeis. as well
as the loyal feelings ot the people toward theGeneral Gov-
ernment.
S^ueh doubt-, and apprehensions aiij, m my judgment,
totally groundless; and the charge^ f heheve to be either
based upon piejtuliee or to have grown out ot a want of
aceiuate lnfonnatiou. A n'Mdencc <>i a year ut the mid=t
of tin"* Mot irion community, dm mg the gieaU i pat t ot which
poiiod I wapiti constant intercourse with both luleis find
people, atfoi.t much oppoituuity for ascertaining the real
tact1* of the cum;,"
He also says, on page 133:
"Nothing could cxceed the appearance of prosperity,
peaceiul naimony, and cheerutl content that peivaded the
whole community
And on page 134 he uses this language:
" In their dealings with the crowds of emigrants that
passed through their city, the Mormons were ever lair and
upright, taking no advantage of the necessitous condition
ot many it not most of them. They sold them such pro-
visions as they could spare at moderate prices, and such as
they themselves paid in their dealings with each other. In
the whole of ounntercouise with them, whuih lasted rather
more than ayeai,! cannot refer to a single instance of
fraud or extortion to which any of the party was subjected,
and I strongly incline to the opinion that tho charges that
have been prefeired against them in this respect arose
cither tiom interested misrepresentation oi erroneous m-
foi marion. I certainly never expei ienced anything like it
m my own case, nor did I wittier or hear of any instance
ot it in the case of others while I le&uied among them."
* * * * "In short, these people presented
the appearance of a quiet, oideily, and well-organized
society, as much so as one would meet with in anycityof
the Union, having tire rights of peisonal property "as well
defined and as religiously respected as with ourselves, noth-
ing being further liom their taith than the spiiit of com-
munism, which has been most erroneously supposed to
prevail among them."
These are the views of a highly educated and
impaitial Army officer, as set forth in his official
report to the Government. I cannot but regard
them as possessing more truth and men t, and en-
titled to far more weight, than the partisan state-
ments of disappointed demagogues.
In this connection I cannot refrain from quoting
the concluding partof the eloquent lecture of Col-
onel Thomas L. Kane, delivered before the His-
torical Society of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia.
He has spent much time with the people, knows
them well, and sustains no relation to them, ex-
cept that loimed by the tie of a common human-
ity. A brother to the illustrious Dr. Kane, his
character is well known to some of the members
of this House:
" I have gone over the work I assigned myself when I
accepted youi committee's invitation as fully as I could
do without tie&pa-sing too largely upon your courteous pa-
tience. Cut 1 should do wiong to conclude my lectuie with-
out declaims in sueciw-t and definite terms the opinions I
have lormed and entertain of the Mormon people. The
libels ot which they iiave been made the subject make tins
a «implc act of justice. Perhaps, too, my opinion, even
with thOM> who know me as you do, will bettei answer its
end following alter the narrative I have given.
'• [ have spoken to you of a people who-se industry had
made th"m rich, and gathered around them all the comforts
and not a lew of the luuiucs of refined life ; expelled by
lawless foiee intothe wilderne-s; seekingan untuediiome
fat away fiom the r-cenes which then previous life had en-
deaied to them ; moving onward, dotitute, hunger-sick-
ened, and sinking with disease; beai tng along with them
then wives and ehildien, the aged, and the pool, and the
decrepti . ji newim* daily on then match the offices ot de-
votion, the ties ot famiiyand inoiuMnp and chanty; shar-
ing necessities and hiavmg dangeis together, chcerful in
' the midit ot want and tiial. and peif-eveung until they tu-
nmphed. 1 have told, or Hied to tell yotu ot men who, when
menaced by laniine, and in the nnd-t of pestilence, with
eveiy enemy taxed bv the ut'rencj ot the hour, weiebmld-
ii iir load •< and budget-, la\ mg out villages-, and pi anting eom-
liehK !oi Hie >ti.intr-'i who might come after them, uieir
kin-man only hy a common humanity and peindventmo a
common i-nileiing; of nn'ii wim have lenewed then pios-
pcnty m the homes they hnve founded in the de-<< rt, and
who, in tin lr new-bush ( it\. waller! lound by mountains
like a lor U"1—, aio extendi mr pmui hospitalities to the des-
titute cnugiant.- fiom out fiontier iinc.3; of men who, far
remo\ed liom the le-tranil- ot law. obeved it fiom <'hoice,
or lound m the lece^ses ol then religion something not
inconsistent wuh human law-, but far moie controlling;
[ and who aie now solieitmsr fr an the Government of the
j United btate*, not indemnity, fm the appeal would behope-
I less, aud thej know it; not pioteetion, lor they now have
] no n< ed "i u, but that identity ol'pohtKMl in^titutKJi^ and
; that cominini'iiy ot law> with ill-' ie-tofu-\;hic!i wascou-
] fcs-edi\ their biitlnight when lhe\ wetedaveu beyond our
| bordci--.
i " I tanl f would civc you the opinion 1 formed of the
j Moimons: you may deduce it for jour-elves tiom these
I tact-:. Hut I will add that I have not vet heard a* rusrle
I chaise against them as a community, against their habitual
j pniuy ot hie, then integrity of dealing, their toleration of
, religion1- diffeiences in opinion, their icgard foi the laws,
] or their devotion to the constitutional Government under
| which wo live, that I do nor irom my own observation, or
' the testimony of otheis, know to be unfounded."
| Colonel Ivane, as does Captain Stansbury, in-
j do ryes the loyalty of the people and their devo-
j lion to our constitutional Government. This,
' sir, is proven by their desire and efforts to bead-
1 mitted as a State. Never were they more anx-
! ious than now, in the present unfortunate cotuh-
! tion of the counfty. They want to constitute one
link in the chain, stretching fiom the Atlantic
west to the Pacific, binding together in one glori-
ous sisterhood a cordon of States across the Ameri-
can continent. To thia end they desired to be ad-
mitted m 1850; but on ihe9th day of May of that
year you made California a State with noiarger'
resident population .than Utah, and organized
i Utah into a territorial government. Early in
1856 a convention prepared a constitution wliioh,
was ratified by the people, and special delegates
were sent to Washington for the purpose of pre-
senting it. It was in all respects republican, antd
I think no one was sufficiently fastidious to raise
the slightest objection to the constitution. Still,
the application did not meet with favor, and no
formal action was had in Congress. However
Utah submitted to the disappointment with as
much grace as was possible for a disappointed
child when forbidden the hospitalities of the fam-
ily board. She returned to the scanty fare of a
territorial government, her patriotism and loyalty
undiminished.
After enduring her semi-colonial condition six
years more, the people of Utah called another
convention, and prepared another constitution.
Again were the people called upon to vote, and
again was the constitution unanimously adopted.
This, like the other, was republican, and in all re-
spects unobjectionable. It was presented to Con-
gress by my predecessor, Hon. John M. Bernhi-
sel, but-was never brought to a vote in the House.
Following in the wake of Nebraska, Colorado,
and Nevada, I have had the honor of presenting
a bill for an enabling act to authorise the people
to form a State government. This i trust will be
more fortunate.
Mr. Chairman, m forming your new western
States is it proposed to jump over Utnh, and take
m Nevada, that is but an offshoot of Utah, once
belonged to her western boundary, has had a ter-
ritorial existence of only about three ycais, and
has far lees population than Utah ? Is it proposed
to take in Nebraska, lying immediately west of
the Missouri river, Colorado west of it, and then
take in Nevada, and leave out the most valuable
and important link in your chain of States to the
Pacific? Why, sir, these Territories are infants
in nge and population when compared withUtah.
Fourteen years has Utah had a territorial exist-
ence, and at no period since her organization has
she not had a larger resident population than either
Nebraska or Coloiado.
In behalf of near one hundred thousand people
I protest against this unjust discrimination. In
behalf of those who first explored and settled the
country westofthe Missouri river seventeen years
ago, who made the road across the continent,
opened up the way to California, discovered the
rich placers of gold on the shores of the Pacific,
and gave you to' know and understand that there
was a great and mighty "West, rich m mineral re-
sources, away beyond the Rocky mountains, I ask
for justice and equality. In behalf of those who
with lives in their hands in an Indian country have
reclaimed your deserts, prepared the way for your
great postal interocearnc communication, your
telegraph and Pacific railioad, who have contrib-
uted more to the settlement of California by rea-
son of the facilities and position of their settle-
ments than all the ships of the Pacific, I ask for
justice and equality. In behalf of those who fol-
low with intense interest and anxiety your flag,
whose whole heart beats in unison with the Con-
stitution and Government, and who, if admitted,
will be represented in Congress by those who will
vie with the foremost in sustaining your nation-
ality, I ask that you do not turn "them coldly
away and for the third time reject their petition
and prayer. We come to you in friendship and
love. We offer you our devotion, our industry,
our enterprise, our wealth, our humble counsels
in the affairs of the nation m this the dai kest hour
of our country's history. We present to you for
a State your deserts leclaimed and feitilized by
persevering industry and the sweat of uncomplain-
ing toil. We offer you one hundred thousand
people who can truthfully boast that in all their
settlements is not to be found a drinking saloon,
a billiard table, or a bowling alley,and who with
pride point you to their cities, their churches, their
school-houses, their manufactories, their farms,
and possessions as evidences of their achieve-
ments fmd the results of their industry. Will you
accept the offering? The Constitution invests
you with the power; exercise it charitably, deal
justly, and decide wisely.
Mr. BENNET obtained the floor, but yielded
to Mr. Cox, who moved that the committee rise.
The motion wug agreed to.
