8126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
telegraphing to these mineral lands tyhich they
refuse to others.
Sir, I, for one, am not content to vote for this
bill in its present shape. I have no objection to
giving to this company or to any other company
a right of way through the public domain for tel-
egraphic purposes, and to give them, if necessary,
a certain amount of public lands for stations; but
1 will ndt voluntarily throw $500,000 into their
coffers when there is no earthly need for so doing.
1 trust that the amendment moved by the Senator
from New Jersey will prevail, and that we will
at least, in our haste to heap benefits upon this
company, save to the Government $500,000 that
are needed now for our Army.
Mr. POMEROY. t would not have said a
word on this bill but for the remarks that were
made by the Senator from Michigan and the Sen-
ator from Maine in reference to the bill which I
had the honor ofintroducing, which has been be-
fore the Committee on Commerce, and reported
upon favorably by them with an amendment.
The remark has been made that the subsidy was
stricken out of that bill because it proposed to
build a line over a route that had already been
built upon under the patronage of the Govern-
ment, and for which the Government had paid
$00,000 a year. So far from that being true, there
is not a word of truth in it. By the bill which I
introduced, and which 1 hold m my hand, the
United States TeJegraph Company ask for the
right of way to build a telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the city of San Francisco, in the
State of California, on such route as they might
select to connect with the lines now constructed.
For this purpose the company ask the use of
such unoccupied land of the United States as
might be necessary for the right of way and for
stations, not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres for every fifteen miles. The company ask
for the use of such unoccupied land as may be
necessary for the right of way and materials, and
for the establishing of stations along the line for
repairs. They ask for no subsidy, for no money.
In the second section of that bill the company
propose to build, under the direction of the Pres-
ident of the United States, a telegraph line from
iln.s main line to California up to Oregon by the
way of Fort Hall to Walla-Walla and also to
Dannock and Virginia Cities in Idaho, and for that
purpose they ask a subsidy. They never asked,
nor was there any provision m the bill giving
them a subsidy for building a line where we had
already a line constructed, but only in those un-
occupied Territories where we had no line.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me for mtei rupting him for a single moment,
1 wish to call his attention to the original bill that
ho introduced. He is under a misapprehension
on this subject. The first section of the fust bill
introduced by him contained this clause:
And "aul telegraph company shall ipeeivc annually for
dmng the Government busiwsrf as i<< now or may be here-
after paid to the lines constructed under tlic act of Con-
git-s-i of June 16, lbCO.
They asked in their original bill the same sub-
sidy that is paid to this other line for a telegraph
to San Fiancisco.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is aware that
another bill which I hold in my hand was intro-
duced by myself as asubstitute for that, and upon
that bill we neverasked any subsidy at all. The
bill which I hold in my hand was introduced by
me as a substitute for that bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is true.
Mr. POMEROY. Upon this bill we never
asked any subsidy for a line over a road already
built upon, but only in that portion of the coun-
try where we had no line, in Idaho, Oregon, and
those western Territories, and I say the subsidy
was stricken out of this bill when asked for that
portion of the line to cover territory unoccupied
by telegraph companies. I do not complain of
it particularly. I simply desire that the state-
ment of the fact shall be before the Senate, as it
hhows that the committee have given a subsidy
to one company for building over the very same
mute that the subsidy was stricken out for an-
other company; that is all. But, sir, this com-
pany will be very glad to have this bill passed
without any subsidy. They will be very willing
and very glad to accept of the bill without the
nubsidy of ^20,000, and thry will undertake to '
build the lino without (he subsidy 1 only rav ;
that if we give a subsidy to any line over unoc-
cupied territory, there is no reason why it should
notbegiven to this United States Telegraph Com-
pany as well as to any other. They do not ask
it, and the bill does not provide for it over any
portion of territory where we already have a line.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. TenEyck, resulted—yeas
21, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Carlile,
Clark, Collamer, Cowan,Fessenden, Foot, Foster,Grimes,
Harlan, Lane of Kansas, Pomeroy, Powell, Ramsey, Sauls-
buiv, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, and Willoy—21.
NAYS — Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Dixon, Doolittle,
Hams, Hicks, Howard, Howe, McDougall, Morcan, Mor-
rill, Nesimth, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson
—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Davis, Hale, Harding, Henderson,
Hendricks. Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Richardson, Kiddie,
Sprague, Wilson, and Wright—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to lay the bill
and the amendments on the table. It has been
killed in the Senate, and we might as well get rid
of it.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope not. I hope the Sen-
ator will withdraw his motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill is good for noth-
ing now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the motion is with-
drawn I shall renew it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays. [" Oh, no!"] I will withdraw
the call.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 36, nays 3; as follows:
YFiAS—Mcssis. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Carlile,
Clark, Coilamcr, Conness, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle. Fes-
^enden,Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Ilick'', Ilowe,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Nesniitn,
Pomeroy, Powell, Richardson, SauNhury, Sherman. Sum-
ner, Ten Evek, TiumbuU, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson,
Willoy, and Wilson—36.
NAYS — Messrs. Chandler, Howard, and Lane of In-
diana—3.
A1551SNT—Messis. D.wis, Hale, Harding, Henderson,
Hi'iidueks,Johnson, llamsey, Riddle, Spiague, and Wught
—10.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the Mouse of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolutions; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 542) to regulate the pay of paymas-
ter and military storekeepers of ordnance;
A joint resolution (No. 102) for the relief of
Captain M. M. Hawes; and
A joint resolution (No. 107) for the relief of
Major Moins S. Miller, of the quartermaster's
department.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions, re-
ceived from the House of Representatives, were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred as
indicated below:
A bill (No. 527) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending ,'iOth June, 1865—to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
A bill (No. 542) to regulate the pay of pay-
masters and military storekeepers of ordnance—
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A joint resolution (No. 101) to provide for the
publication of a full Army Register—to the Com-
mittee on Punting.
A joint resolution (No. 102) for the relief of
Captain M. M. Hawes—to the Committee on
Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 107) for the relief of
Major Morris S. Miller, of the quartermaster's
department—to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
EXAMINATION" OF ARMY OFFICERS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 85) to provide for tho (•.•lam-
ination of certain officers of the Army, and, on
motion of Mr. Wilson, they were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
EDUCATION IN WASHINGTON COUNTY.
Mr. GRIMES. At an early part of tho, ses-
sion, the Senate passed a bill (No. 26) to pro-
vide for the public instruction of youth in the
county of Washington and District of Columbia.
The House of Representatives have passed the
bill with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute, substantially thesame in every particular as
the original bill, except that they have incorpo-
rated into it the clause which the Senate struck
out on motion of the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,] allowing to the commissioners err
trusteesfour dollars per day. Under the instruc-
tions of the Senate given to us at the time the bill
was under consideration, the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom the amendment of
the House of Representatives was referred, have
directed me to report that they recommend that the
Senate concur in the amendment of the Houjse of
Representatives, with an amendment striking out
that clause. I therefore make that motion.
The Secretary read the amendment proposed by
the Committee on the District of Columbia, which
was to strike out the following clause:
8. Each commissioner shall be entitled to receive four
dollars per day for eveiy day he shall attend a meeting of
the board, and not absent himself without permission,and
four dollars pei day foi every day he shall serve on a com-
mittee; and all displacements shall be made through the
treasurer of the school fund on the draft of the president
and clerk of said boaid, drawn by otder of said board.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment of trie
House of Representatives as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred i n.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom the subject
was referred, reported a bill (S. No, 320) supple-
mentary to the several acts for f moiling and call-
ing out the national forces, and other pnrpoit-*;
which was read, and passed to a second ri\tiimg.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
committed the bill (S. No. 288) to piuinbit the
discharge of persons from liability to military
duty by reason of tho payment of money, m-
poited it without amendment.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 192) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, 1865.
The message also announced that the Iiouse
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolution; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 121) for the relief of LieutpmMit;
William P. Richner, seventy-seventh regiment
Ohio volunteer infantiy;
A bill (No. 543) to increase the.ctTicacy of the
medical corps of the Aimy; and
A joijit resolution (No. 103) for the nhef'of
Mary Ivellogg.
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAWS.
Mr. SUMNER,, I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 512) to repeal the fugitive slave act of 3850,
and all acts and parts of acts for the rendition of
fugitive slaves
Mr. HENDRICKS. Air. President, 1 suppose
every Senator desires an early adjournal! ut if
possible. It has been hoped that we should ho
able to adjourn by the first part, or at the futili' st
by the middle of next week, and of course thcie
are a great many bills of importance that ought
to be considered in the mean time. I think wiu-n
the session is approaching its close that each class
of business should have to some extent its turn,
if I may so express myself. The inUuesl lop-
resented by the Senator from Massachusetts, 1
think m all reason, has had enough of tho unit?
of this session. For some months during tho
