128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan liar j 7.
under the Constitution, and m no cventto agree to or coun-
tenance ti dissolution of tlio Union; and that we behove
the appointment of commissioners upon the part of the
Fedeial Government, to meet commu>SKmei.*> smnlaily ap-
pointed by the instilment suites, to convene m some suitable
place, foi the pu.pose of conaidming whether any, and if
any, what plan may be adopted consistent with the honor
and dignity of the nation, and baaed upon a i operation of
the whole Union, by winch the present war may be bi ought
to a close, and the lives, limbs, and health of the gallant
officers and soldieis of the Union preserved, and the liber-
ties of the people maintained, is not inconsistent with the
honor and dignity of the Federal Government, but, as an in-
dication of ttie epiiit which animator the adheiing States,
would, in any event, tond to strengthen us in the opinion
ofother nauous-and the loyal people of the m.suigent States;
and hoping, as we&mceiely do,that the people of the south-
ern States would reciprocate the peaceful indications tfius
evinced, and Ltelicviiiyr, as we do, that, under the blessings
of Crod, gteat benefits would arise iiom such conference,
we most earnestly recommend such conference to tile con-
sideiation of the Fiesidentand Senate of the United State*,
and request their coopeiation therein, and hope that the
President will appoint commissioners for that purpose.
Resolved, That the people of the several States now in re-
bellion against the Government of the United States, when-
ever they shall desire to ictmri to the Union and obey the
Constitution ot the United States, and laws made in pur-
suance thereof, have a risjht undei and by value of thc^aid
Constitution to reorganize then respective State govern-
ments with all then dome-lie institutions as they were be-
fore the war. and to elect Representatives to the Congress
of the United States, and be roptcseuted in the Union with
all the lights of the people of the >evcial States, and with-
out am* conditions ptoecdent except that of being liable to
he punished according to the Con>titution, and laws made
in piu-uauce thcieot, as their laws and acts of secession
arc unconstitutional and void.
Mr. OltTII. I move to lay the resolutions upon
the fable.
Mr. COX. Upon that 1 demand the yeas and
nays.
The yras ami nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Would it be in order
to move to refer the resolutions to a Committee
of the Whole?
The SPEAKER, ft would not, the previous
question being demanded by the gentleman from
New Jersey.
Mr, WILSON. I ask thegentlenmn fiom In-
diana [Mr. Ortii] to witluliaw his motion, and
let us take a direct vote upon the resolutions.
Mr. ORTH. I will withdraw it.
Mr. COX. I lenew it, but with a purpose to
vote against (ho icsolutioris.
Mr, ANCONA. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay on the table.
The yens and nay a weie ordered.
Mr. COX. Ifgentlrnien on the other side will
give us a direct t ote upon liny proposition, I will
withdraw the motion to lay on the table. There
is a good deal of thn elan-trap resolution busi-
ness, and we might as well have done with it.
Many Voices. " Agreed!" 4t Agreed !"
Mr, COX. I withdraw the motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordend to be put.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the resolution*.
The ye aw and nays were ordered.
Mr, IIOLMAN, I call for a division of the
resolutions.
The SPEAKER. At what point?
M r. HOLM AN. There are several resolutions,
are there not ?
The SPEAKER. There are two.
Mr. IIOLMAM. I desire to have the resolu-
tions divided at the paragraph terminating with
the words, " and in no event to agree to or coun-
tenance a dissolution of the Union.
Mr, S I'EVENS. 1 move to lay the resolutions
on the table.
Mr. PKNDLETON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the allitmative—yeas 78, nays as follows:
YEAS—Me*--rs Alley, All Hon. Amc, Anderson, Arnold.
Baliy, John D. U.ildwiii, JJaxtei. Beauian. Hlaine, J.icohU.
Bl.iir, Mow, Douiwell, L'oj 1, Biaudeti^e, liiooin.d!, Wd-
llitm G. Blown, Cobb, Cole. Ciesuell. Thomas 'J'. Davis.
Dawes, Drilling, Dixon, Donnelly, Eekley, Uiiot, Fains-
woith, Fenton, Fiank. Oailield. (#oo«.h. Gtinmll. llale?
fli b>. Hooper, H nihil ill, Jnliaiu Ka^on, K>IIe\. Fi.meis
VV. Kellog*?, Oiliindo Kcliogg, Loan. Lovejoy} M.itv'in,
Mcl3i;<lf\ McClunj, Morrill, i>aniel Moms. Amo-, Myers,
Jjcouaid Rivet.-*, Odetl, Chmles O'Neill, Oith, i'eiham',
Poini'roy, Piice, W'dham 11. UnndaN, Seotield, .Shannon,
Sloan, Smith, Sm'theis. Spalding. Stebbine-, Steven*,
Thayer, Thomas, Tiacy. Upson. Van ValKcnlun, h, tthhu
H. \Va.-uUnnc, William \l U'iblibmn. YVebatoi, Wilhains,
Wilson, Wind pi!, and \Yoo,H tnlgo—78.
KAYS—Me.-vr-. William J. Alien, Aneona, Angu-tnw
C. iialiluni, Hrook Jame« S. Oi<>wn, Chunler. C<>\-, Cta-
vcik, Dawson, Dennioo«, Eden, Edgeitan, Finck, Odder,
Guswolcl, Han mgton, Chatlcs M. lTairi-«?IIcrrick, Hoiman,
Kernan, Knapp, Lazear, Long. Marcy, William ll.Miilci,
Moirwm, Noble. Pendleton. Perry; Pi uyn, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Rogers.'James S. Rollins. lloss, John B.
Steele, William 0. Steele, Mtrouse, Sweat, Joseph VV.
White, Fernando Wood, and Ycaman—42.
So the resolutions were laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT,
A message in writing from the Presidentof the
United States was received,by Mr. Nicolay, his
Private Secretary.
TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. SCOFIELD submitted the following reso-
lution:
JleioZueJ, Thattiie Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
requested to inkmn the House whethei, under exiting le-
gislation, the seven-thiity United States Treasury notes
dne August 10 and October I, 1884, will be paid in the coin
ot tiie United States.. Also, whether any additional legis-
lation is necessary to make the inteiest and puncipa! of the
twenty jear.s bowls into which the seven-thirty Tieasury
notejs are conveitiblc, pajable in coin.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. That seems
to be a question of law. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The SPEAKER. As the resolution calls for
information, it must lie over one day, under the
rules, jf objected to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw his objection. This is not
exactly a question of law, but simply an inquiry
how, under existing laws, the Secretary considers
it his duty to pay the bonds, it is a question we
are all interested in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a matter
of construction, then,and had better be referred to
the Attorney General.
Mr. STEVENS. The resolution, I presume,
goes over until to-morrow.
Mr. SCOFlliLD. I hope my colleague will
allow the n solution to pass to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think it had better go over.
The SPEAKER. The resolution lies over for
one day.
EXCHANGE OP PRISONERS.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, offered the
following preamble and resolution; upon which
he demanded the previous question:
Whi'ri*\is alai;;e number of oni binve and patriotic «ol-
difr* ami oflicoH ,>ie now meaiceratcd in pn-on^ in the
.«onrh<nii ,^tatc-, and aie th^io exposed to the peui ot l'ain-
in<«, u.-ea-.c-ot ditieient hinds ?md hardships, u hei eb> tiicy
a>e diulv dying without aid oi eomtort ; andwheieas the
rebel planner-* now confined in the United States aie not
expOhed to ilies>o luic^lnp ., nor to the di^ea^es nicuient to
an unhealthy climate, |>y mcaiib whereof thcie irf no ieci-
p.oeity hrtween the condition of our oflieei ■= and privates
taken prisoners and confined ami (he rebel pnsoneis in onr
po-">c-^ion ; and whereas this state of tlimj^^ is ino-.t op-
pio—ive :m<i utuMinai, and lata! to the Hve«« and health of
tho^e who have been captured fighting toi the Constitution
ami Union, and s.u nnpoven>iung the Ftiengtli ot oui ar-
mies: Thereioic,
ILaolvcl, That the President of the United States be and
lie is hereby requested to continue to Use ail his ofibits,
consistent with Uie honor and dlgnitj ot the nation,to pro-
line a prompt oxehun^ ot pn--oncis with tllo lehel con-
(edeiate covei nment, and that if such exchange cannot he
extended to all piwmeis, that it may be earned into effect
« <* to any pouion that ma\ be agiued upon between the
tn1.'.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to second the pipvfous question.
Mr. WASUBURNE, ot Illinois. As I under-
stand thai this whole matter has been placed in
the hands of Getieial Butler, and feeliii^ the most
entire confidence that he will work out this prob-
lt ni, I piopose to debate that resolution.
Air. COX. If the gentleman debates it in this
manner, ( desire to reply to him, and to make an
appeal to hnn in behalf of our imprisoned men.
The SPEAKER. As the resolution gives rise
to debate, it goes over.
WILLIAM CLAKK.
Air. HALE submitted the followingrosolution;
which was lead, considered, and agreed to:
licsolccily That the papcts in the eaie ol the claim of
Wiili.nn Clatk be letuined to the Comt of Claims, with
duections to s<ud eouit to hear and decide the same.
XiJCPOiiT OX IMMIGRATION".
Mr. STROUSE submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved^ That in oider to aftoid moie general informa-
tion on the subject-matter, the specud eoinnuttee on iimm-
Cfiatiou be hiotiu< ted to print a propomon.tte number of
copies of theii repoits in the Geiman language foi general
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. I should be
glad to know what reports the gentleman refers to
before I rote on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot inform
the gentleman.
The resolution was as;ain read.
Mr. WASUBURNE, oflllmois. I will state,
for the information of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, that the selectcommittee on immigration
has not yet held a meeting. When it shall nmke
a report, I have no doubt the House will agiee
with him, certainly I shall, in printing that report
in the German language.
Mr. STROUSE. i was not aware that the com-
mittee had not held a meeting-, but whether it has
or has not, there can be no difficulty about tins
resolution, i mutely ask, what 1 trust no gentle-
man here will object to, that, as this is an import-
ant matter, and as we are in want of this class of
people to supply the great diam which has been
made on our agricultural population by the war,
and to enable the parties affected by this, through
their friends here, who report to their relatives in
the old country, and bring them here to clear the
wild lands and assist in the cultivation of those
already cleared, to have access to the reports of
tins committee, a certain number of those reports
shall be printed in the language which these people
understand. It certainly must reddund to our
general benefit.
The SPEALCER. If the gentleman debates the
resolution, it goes over, under the rule.
Mr. STEVENS. Docs not the resolution go,
under the rules, to the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. If the resolution is intended
to apply to extra numbers, itmustgo to the Com-
mittee on Printing. If it is intended simply to
apply to the regular number printed simply for
the use of the members, it need not have that
reference.
Mr. STROUSE. I dowantextra numbers.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution is re-
ferred, under the pule, to the Committee on Print-
mg.
CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
Mr. A. MYERS submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, upon which he demanded
the previous question:
Wbcicas, m the opinion of this House, the Federal Gov-
ernment is invested by the Constitution ot the (Jmted State-?
with ail necessaiy power and anthonty to puppies an} re-
5-M.mco, wh"thei ai mcd oi unarmed, to the rightful power
and juii■idietion of th" United States : Thereioic.
JJc it icsolvc!, That in thin national emeigeney Concrete
will foicsfo all feeling ot nieie pa^ion, except that which
lojalty die tate-, all ie-unitmcnt except <itch a* is due to
tu'a-oti; and that thi^ war of national self-defense against
anncd rebels, insturecuonaiy Uaitors, and ■sympathizing
abettois should be waged <m oni pait until such i'-be|c and
ti .u to is ate conquered into love loi the Union, and made
obedient to the Constitution and laws ol the United States,
and take the oath o! allegiance to the countij, and of sub-
mission to the cmaneiiiaiion pio« lamatiou, and the pioela-
matinn of Docembi't 8, 18'i3; and when those objects aie
accomplished, the leading rebels and chief traitois should
be hung, and the \v«u cease.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ouleied.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, demanded the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on the resolution; and
no quorum voted.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. I move to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the resolution
shall, by consent, be refused to tho special com-
nnttee on reconstruction.
Mr. A. MYERS. I have no objection.
The resolution was so referred.
NAYY-YAP.D ON TIIM DELAWARE.
Mr. B HOC MALL introduced an act to provide
for the consti uetion of a navy-yard and naval
station on the Delaware river.
The bill authniizes and empowers the Secre-
tary of the Navy to consti uct a navy-yard and
naval station on the Delaware river, in the State
of Pennsylvania, at such point as shaU bo most
beneficial to the Government of the United States.
The second section provides fo- the appoint-
ment of a committee of seven practical and .scien-
tific men, none of whom shall ici-idc oi own prop-
erty within fifty miles of the Delaware uvcr or
