1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
firmaiion, showing that he has promptly deliv-
ered at such foreign port or ports all mails placed
on board of the steamer or vessel under his com-
mand before clearance from the United States.
In case the master or commander fails to make
such oath or affirmation, showing that he has de-
livered the mails placed on board his steamer or
vessel in good faith, the steamer or vessel is not
to be entitled to the privileges of a steamer or.
vessel of the United States. The Postmaster Gen-
eral is to be authorized to make contracts to con-
tinue not exceeding four years, for the transpor-
tation of all mailable matter other than letters, and
of such letters as may be so directed, by the isth-
mus of the Nicaragua routes; but the expenditure
for the service is not to exceed $160,000 per an-
num. And in case more than one company is
engaged in rendering this service, the Postmaster
General is to determine the proportion which
shall be paid to each.
All mailable matter which may be conveyed by
mail westward beyond the western boundary of
Kansas, and eastward from the eastern boundary
of California, is to be subject to prepaid letter
postage rates; but this section is not to be held
to exclude the transmission by mail of newspa-
pers from a known office of publication to bona
fide subscribers, not exceeding one copy to each
subscriber, to and from the intermediate points
between the boundaries above named, at the usual
rates. The Postmaster General may, if he shall
deem it for the public interests, enter into con-
tracts for any period, not exceeding one year, for
the transportation of the mails in steamships,by
sea, between any of the ports of the United States;
and the sea-service already performed by his order
on the Atlantic coast and Gulf of Mexico is to be
paid for out of any moneys appropriated for the
service of the Post Office Department. Also,for
such service already performed upon the Pacific
coast a sum notexceeding $1,500, to be paid for out
of any moneys appropriated for the service of the
Post Office Department. If any person or persons
shall paint, print, post, or in any other manner
place upon, or attach to, any steamboat or other
vessel, or any stage-coach or other vehicle, which
steamboat or other vessel, or stago-coach or other
vehicle, is not actually used in carrying the mails
of the United States, the words "United States
mail," or any other words, letters; or characters
of like import; or if any person or persons shall
give notice, cither by publishing in any news-
paper or otherwise, that any steamboat or other
vessel, or any stage-coach or other vehicle, is used
in carrying the mails of the United States, when
the same is not actually so used, every peison so
offending or willfully aiding or abetting therein,
shall, on conviction thereof in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction, be fined in any sum not less
than $100 nor more than £500 for every such of-
fense; one half for the use of the United States,
and the other half to the use of the person inform-
ing and prosecuting for the same.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
reported the bill with amendments, the fust of
whicji was in section nhreo, line five, after the
word " isthmus" to strike out the word " of" and
to insert " of Panama or," and in line six to stiike
out the letter "s" in the word "routes" and to
insert " or either of them;" go that it will read:
That the Pof-tmabter General he, and is hereby, author-
ized to inhke conttaets, to continue not exceeding lour
yeais, for the tian-portation of all mailable nmttei other
than letieis, and of letus* an imtj be so duccled, by
the isthmus of Panama oi the Nicaragua route, or miiei of
them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section four, line six, to strike out the word " ex-
clude" and to insert " extend to," and in line
nine, after the word " subscriber," to insert " nor
to franked matter;" so that the proviso will read:
That this section shall not be held to extend to the trans-
mission by mail of newspaper* fioni a known otiice of pub-
lication to bona fvlc Hibtcube?-?, not exceeding one copy
to each Hibscubf], nor to iianked inattei, to and fiom the
mtei mediate point*-, 6ce.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following additional proviso (o the fourth
section:
Prot fmther, That Mich hanked mattei shall be Mil>-
jrrt In Hit ti u mil,iliuti> In it> tian-im^iun and delivery
as the P<wiui.i>tei Genera! *hali pie-cube.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted, That so much of the
eighth section of the act of 3ist of August, 1852, as author-
izes the conveyance of letter." othenvi- y than in the mails
he, and the same 4s hereby, repealed, except only as to let-
ters containing money or accompanying packages.
Mr. COLJL.AMER. I wish to add at the end of
that section these words, " and relating thereto."
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so mod-
ified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now wish to hav.e the bill
put on its passage.. I assure gentlemen it involves
no expense at all. Itisonly regulating the mode
and manner of business in the Department.
•The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments wore concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed,-and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives announcing its non-con-
currence in the amendments of the Senate, and
the appointment of Mr. J. B. Alley of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. C. Cole of California, and Mr. J.
V. L..Pruyn of New York, as conferees on the
disagreeing votes.
The Senate "fegreed to the conference, and ap-
pointed Mr. Collamer, Mr. Conness, and Mr.
Buckalew as its conferees.
ItEPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. SUMNER. I had proposed to ask the
Senate to proceed to-day to the consideration of
the bill for the repeal of all fugitive slave acts, but
on conference with the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Dams,] I find that he is not disposed to pro-
ceed with his remarks to-day, though I under-
stand from him that it will be agreeable to him to
proceed with them on Monday. I therefore ask
the Senate to take up the bill now, and make it
the special order for Monday at one o'clock.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that bill will not be
made the special order for Monday, for on that
day I expect to call up the bill to prevent iriter-
feienee with elections by the military. The Sena-
tor from Michigan, not now in his scat, [Mr. How-
ard,] desires on that day to address the Senate on
that bill, and I wish to have it continued until it
is disposed of. I hope the Senator will fix some
other day for his bill.
Mr. SUMNER. TheSenator will pardon me;
I have given way, as the Senator will remember,
day after day on this subject. This bill for the
repeal of the fugitive slave act was made the spe-
cial order for two or three times; but other mat-
ters have pushed it aside. I think we can take it
up on Monday and dispose of it, and then the
next day we can take up the Senator's proposi-
tion.
Mr. POWELL. I can inform the Senator that
that bill will not be disposed of in one day or two
days or three days or four days.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, we can begin. We
can sec on Monday what the aigument against the
proposition is.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to call up the bill on
Monday to which I have referred. I should have
done it before but that the Senator from Michi-
gan was not prepared to go on with his speech,
and I did not wi--h to call it up until he was ready.
Mr. JOHNSON, (to Mr. Sumnf.r.) Fix Tues-
' Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maryland
sayf>," Fix Tuesday." i will change my motion
at his suggestion, and make it Tuesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on the motion to proceed to the consideiation.
of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now moved
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
till Tuesday next at one o'clock, and make it the
special order for that da)'.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a special order for
Wednesday, if 1 am not mistaken, the joint res-
olution of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
ihill,! in which is embodied the proposition to
change the Constitution so as to abolish slavery
throughout the United States. If this is taken up
on Tuesday it will piobably crowd out that prop-
osition, if it is goin^ to be discussed by both of
the Senators from Kentucky.
Mr. SUMNER. I have 110 desire to discuss
it, and I doubt whether the discussion will oc-
cupy much time. It certainly will not on this
side of the House, so far as I am informed.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts whether he had not bet-
ter let this lie until that is taken up amending the
Constitution, and let us pass that first.
Mr. SyMNER. But the Senator will remem-
ber the other bill has had priority, and has been
several times made a special order, and it seems
to me I ought not to allow it to be crowded out.
1 think that if we take it up one day we can see
very easily whether it is going to cause a pro-
tracted debate.
Mr. CLARK. I desired simply to make the
suggestion to the Senator from Massachusetts
that he had better come to the fundamental meas-
ure of altering the Constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. Butall the measures are funda-
mental .
Mr. CLARK. Not in that sense.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us go on with it on Tues-
day, and make as much progress as we can. If
we cannot finish it, then we may proceed with
what remains another day.
Mr. FOSTER. I would suggest that we only
embarrass ourselves by fixing a particular bill as
a special order for a given day. We are getting
to that stage of the session when business is crowd-
ing. Sometimes business occupies longer than we
expect, and runs over from day to day, and we
find ourselves involved in a vast deal of trouble
by having special orders conflicting with each
other. It seems to me that it is better to go on
with our legislation as rapidly and speedily as pos-
sible, taking that which seems to be mostimport-
ant first and disposing of it, and not assigning
special orders any more than is absolutely neces-
sary; and it does not seem to me to be necessary
in this case.
Mr. SUMNER. I am only following the habit
of business in the Senate. The Senator from
Connecticut knows very well that it is the habit,
to make special orders.
Mr. FOSTER. It is a bad habit.
Mr. SUMNER. It may be a bad one, but I am
not disposed to see it corrected now for the first
time on this bill. If there are special orders, as
tie Senator says, that may come in conflict with
this, why not set aside those? I do not think
there can be many measures before the Senate of
equal practical importance to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestiog is on
postponing the bill until Tuesday next, and mak-
ing it the special order for that day at one o'clock.
Mr. Conness and Mr. Somner called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely remark that I re-
gard my word as somewhat pledged to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I will vote " yea;"
though'if I had not given that pledge I should
vote " nay."
Mr. CLARK. I will say on behalf of my eol-
lcague [Mr. Hale] that he has been called home
by a death in his family.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will simply say that my
colleague [Mr. Wright] is detained at his house
by sickness.
The result was announced—yeas 19, nays 20;
as follows:
YEAP—Messrs. Anthony, Crown, Chandler, Conness,
Davis, Dixon, Foot, Ilartaii, Ilowatd, Howe, Lane of Kan-
sas, Morgan, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Euckalew, Cailisie. Clark, Collamer,
Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Haidma, Harris, Hendricks,
Johnson, Lane of" Indiana, Morrill, Nesmitii, Powell, It id
die, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, and Willey—20.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now deem it my duty to
give notice that 1 shall take every proper occasion
to call the bill up and press its consideration upon
the Senate. Senators around me suggest that I
shall move to proceed with it now; but Senators
forget that I have already come into an arrange-
ment or understanding with the Senator from
Kentucky not to proceed wkh it now. The Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] suggests that
we make it a special older for next Thursday.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said my own impres-
sion was that, as the special order of the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trcmbull] was for Wednes-
day, I preferred to have that acted on first; and
that consideration governed my vote, and I think
the vote of a good many others.
