3128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
of this sickly sentimentality and its advocates in
the country.
But, Mr. President, it is hardly worth while
for me to detain the Senate. I presume their
minds are made up and they will act according
to their own judgment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is now four o'clock.
There is no sort of possibility or probability in
the course of human events that this bill can be
acted on to-day; to-morrow we shall have up
other questions of actual pressing importance that
must be acted upon; and at this late hour in the
day it seems to me entirely unnecessary to take
it up and go into a discussion which will not
come to any result. Therefore, as there is some
business in executive session which is necessary
to be done, or proper to be done at least, i will
move that we go into executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. I hope that the
Senate will proceed to the consideration of the
bill which has come from the House of Repre-
sentatives, to sweep from the statute-book all
statutes or parts of statutes for the rendition of
fugitive slaves. I know of nobody who proposes
to discuss it, unless it is the Senator from Wis-
consin himself, if he proposes to make a plea for
slave-hunting. I know of no person here on our
side wh« proposes to undertake any such plea, to
occupy the time of the Senate in any way for or
against it. All that I ask is a vote.
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts puts a question to me, and says lie
does not 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
recognizes the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I have merely a remark to make,
and I will give way in a moment.
Mr. DOOLIT TLE. I hope the Senator will
allow me to answer the present question.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will make my remade first.
1 tell the Senator from Massachusetts that 1 have,
as 1 said some days ago, the sequel of the story
of slavery in his State to tell, and I expect to tell
it upon this bill. I have no doubt it will be very
edifying to the honorable Senator. Probably he
is not a vet y good historian. 1 recollect that
sometime during the last session when the prop-
osition was made m the Senate to employ Indians
in this war, I adverted to the manner in which
such a proposition had been received m the Brit-
ish Pailiament, and to the very indignant and elo-
quent defense of that measure by Colonel Bane.
The honorable Senator depreciated Colonel Barre
very much by saying that that was the only
speech that he had ever made, and that he took
a similar cognomen to single-speech Hamilton.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order, to know if, on a motion to go into execu-
tive session, the history of Massachusetts is m
order?
Mr. DAVIS. I am not giving the history of
Massachusetts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, thchistoryofCoI-
onoi Bune.
% Mr. SUMNER. My history.
Mr. DAVIS. I am just stating 
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois insist on his point of order?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will not insist upon it
aftercallmg the attention of the Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I should have been through by
this time if I had not been interrupted.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is giving us an
interesting account of Colonel Barre, and I hope
he will be allowed to go on.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall be through in one mo-
ment. Colonel Barre was a frequent and most
eloquent debater m the British Parliament during
our revolutionary troubles. Lord North himself',
at the instance ot George III, tendered to him the
position of Secretary of War, and he had the prin-
ciple and the firmness to resist it. Now, I am
going to refresh the Senator's knowledge of the
history of his own State whea this measuie com^s
up.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, on this mo-
tion to go into executive sw;siou the honouiMe
Senator appeals personally to me, saying that he
presumes there K- to be no discussion on this ques-
tion, unless his friend from Wisconsin waifs to
make a " plea fu* *>ldve-hunting.4} riir, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin bows to the Senator from
Massachusetts. He is learned, learned beyond
comparison. I sometimes almost fear that he is
so learned he has lost all practical sense. When
the Senator from Delaware expressly declares to
the Senate that this question must be discussed and
shall be discussed, that it cannot pass in an hour
nor in a day, and when the Senator from Ken-
tucky, with whom he ought certainly to be some-
what acquainted, and to have some practical sense
of his powers of endurance when he comes to dis-
cuss this question of repealing the fugitive slave
law, I think the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts does great injustice in turning upon me
and asking if I want to make a " plea for slave-
hunting, " and that there will be no speaking un-
less it is by the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin. Sir, I have more practical knowledge of the
state of affairs in this body, it seems to me, than
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, al-
though I confess I have not one half the learning
on these subjects.
Now, Mr. President, this is the state of affairs:
it is now, as 1 have stated, four o'clock in the
afternoon; the Senator from Delaware distinctly
advises us that if this matter is taken up he is
going to discuss it; others around him are to dis-
cuss it; the Senator from Kentucky says if it is
taken up he shall discuss it; and I say to my hon-
orable friend from Massachusetts that there are
some gentlemen upon our side of the Chamber,
although I am not one among them, who may
desire to say something upon it. So far as my
own personal convictions are concerned, I am of
the opinion that upon the Constitution as it origin-
ally stood, independent of the construction made
by courts and others, it did not belong to Con-
gress at all to pass any laws upon this subject;
but there are a great many gentlemen on this side
of the Chamber who believe that under the Con-
stitution as it stands, and by the decisions of the
courts as they are made,<4hey are under obliga-
tions and the obligations of their oaths, that there
should be some kind of law to enforce that pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States.
Does the Senator from Massachusetts as a friend
of those gentlemen, associated with them politi-
cally, desire to press them to the point of either
voting what upon their oaths they have sworn
they will not do, or to break with him? I think
it is too late in the day, to-day at least, to begin
the discussion of this question, and 1 therefore
move that we now proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. The speech of the Senator
belongs to the class of what may be called dila-
tory motions, or a speech to sustain a dilatory
motion. Fie announces to us that there is to be
an opposition to this bill, and mentions several
Senators who menace speeches. If those speeches
are to come, I say let us hear them and be done
with them, because that bill from the House must
be passed by Congress during this session. The
Senator wishes to have it postponed; he wishes
to set aside what the House lias done; and he
thinks that those who press the bill which now
has the sanction of the House want practical
sense. Sir, permit me to say to that Senator it
is himself who wants practical sense. He fails
to see the requirements of his country ot this
hour; he fails to see what is due to the civiliza-
tion of the age; and in that respect he shows a
want of practical sense in the highest degree.
Sir, I do not wish to say anything personal to
that Senator; but when he makes the suggestion
that any one on this floor wants practical sense,
I throw it back upon him when he stands up here
to anest a bill that has already passed the House
of Representatives to sweep from the statute-
book of the land a system of legislation which at
this moment is an infamy. If there is anything
which now brings upon our cause in foreign lands
discredit, and makes it a burden to our friends, it
is this very act which at this moment receives in-
diiectly the support of the Senatorfrom Wiscon-
sin ; and yet he rises here to taunt us for the want
of practical sense. Sir, when he seeks to uphold
even indirectly this act he wants practical patriot-
ism as well as practical sense.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The bill which hast just
been reported by the Senator from New York,
which is a continuation of the bill we had under
discussion yesterday relative to drafting soldiers
into the Army, is a practical measure,and will
undoubtedly be tailed up at the very earliest, mo-
ment. I think it mustcomeup to-moriowmoni-
ing at least; at ail events it ought to come up; to*
if there be one practical thing which this country
now demands, it is that we take care of our Army
which is fighting the battles of our country.
When the word comes to us, though it is not
spoken on official authority, but comes from the
mouths of wounded and bleeding men who are
coming tousby hundreds telling usof ourfriemls
our brothers and our sons who are fighting this
battle for the country, practical sense says to
every Senator that to take care of this Army, to
fill up this Army, to sustain the Army is the
practical question.
The Senator charges me with opposition to his
measure. He says that I desire to postpone it
for the session, or to prevent all action upon it. I
have not said any such thing nor done any such
thing; but I say if we do not wish to waste the
rest of this day in a discussion which will come
to no resultlet thismeasurego by, and let us take
up some measure which has practical importance
before the body.
Mr. HALE. I am against taking up both these
motions. 1 am against taking up the tugitive slave
bill, and 1 am against going into executive ses-
sion, and the reason is this: during the whole of
this session I believe I have had but one single
day to the interests of the Navy. There are sev-
eral very importantbills relating to the Navy on
the Calendar, and I have received urgent and press-
ing letters from the Secretary of the Navy to call
the attention of the Senate to them. I gave notice
a day or two since that to-morrow at one o'c'ock
I should ask the indulgence of the Senate to de-
vote that day to the consideration of our naval
affairs. I appreciate, 1 hope as highly as the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, what is due to
the Army; but, sir, what would your Army be
without a navy ? Is it not the Navy that has been
the right arm of the nation in all this war? its
demands are pressing, and it is suffering from the
modesty of the chairman of the Committee on ■
Naval Affairs of the Senate. I have ovei come it
so far that to-morrow I shall urge against Army
bills, against fugitive slave bills, and against all
other bills in the world that the Senate shall give
some attention to the consideration of those bills
which are from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. We can finish this to-mght.
Mr. HALE. You may finish it ot any time;
but to-morrow I shall, in season and out of season,
every time I get the floor, urge upon ihe Senate
what 1 think is due to the Navy.
Mr. POWELL. I am opposed to all the mo-
tions indicated. I have been trying for months
to get up a bill to secure the freedom of elections
to the people of this once free but now enslaved
country; and I now notify the Senate that every
time I can get the floor, in the morning hour or
after the morning hour has expired, to the end of
this session, I intend to move to take up that bill.
All I want is, if the Senate will take it up, to vote
upon it without saying one word upon it. I do
not believe 1 shall ever get the floor when any-
body else wants it for the purpose of taking up
a bill; I am confident of that fact; but if they
ever take up a bill I shall instantly move that that
bill and all prior orders be postponed for the pur-
pose, of taking up my bill. I shall do it in the
morning hour and every other time I can get. I
tried—and I thought I was entitled to the floor be-
fore the Senator from Massachusetts made his
motion, but 1 was so unfortunate as not to be
recognized—to make the motion this evening. I
think the Senate owe if, to themselves to take up
this bill, which has been debated some four days,
and vote upon it. I do not see what good armies
or navies are going to do us if our people have
no freedom of elections; nnd I do know that in
many parts of the country they have not had it.
I hope that aii these motions wiil be voted down,
and then—I know it is not in order now—I shall
move to postpone everything in order to take up
the bill that I have indicated.
The PRESIDENT/>ro£e?ttpore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. HALE. I want to say in a single word
why I am not willing to go into executive session.
It is this: I am notready to proceed with the cun-
