1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pended? That bank paper, although suspended,
is certainly more solvent than that to be issued
under this system, because, as I have just shown,
there are many millions of dollars now in coin
held by the local banks against $168,000,000 of
circulation. I call attention to the important
fact that there is but a circulation of $168,000,000
of State bank paper in this country now, and the
banks having that'paper in circulation to-day
have nearly $100,000,000 of coin with which to
redeem it. They have coin enough in their
vaults to buy greenbacks in sufficient quantity to
redeem every dollar of it to-day, and have all
their loans, all their exchange, all their other as-
sets on hand besides. Yet we are told that be-
cause the State banks have suspended specie
payments therefore they must be destroyed and
this system must be substituted in its stead!
As 1 have said, if bank suspension is a bad thing,
it js only because the notes of the banks are not con-
vertible into coin. I have already suggested that
the banks would now be able to resume specie pay-
ments but for the legal-tender law. That law has
had the effect, to force on the public an amountof
circulation not needed, and the result, of course,
has been depreciation, a result supeiinduced by
our own legislation. We now charge the local
banks with muddying the waters about us. What
have they done? They are certainly decreasing
their circulation all over the country, except, per-
haps, in the one State of Pennsylvania. It is said
they have inflated thecurrency. In the first place,
1 say that is not true; but the charge implies that
inllation is an evil, and to remedy this evil you
propose to double the amount of the circulation !
In the second place, it is said the banks are not
able to redeem their circulation. If that is true,
it is made so by your legislation; but I have shown
that in addition to their other vast resources, they
now have on hand gold enough to purchase suf-
ficient United States notes with which to redeem
in greenbacks. They have on hand already Fed-
eral secuntiesenough to commence bankingundcr
the new system. They have a large local and ex-
change line, and in a majority of the States we
have a double liability of the stockholders. But
because the banks cannot at this moment redeem
in coin, we propose to destroy them, and estab-
lish a system of twenty years' duration without
any t ademption at ail. We say that because the
State banks have suspended speciepayments, they
ought to he driven from existence, and immedi-
ately we turn round and establish a system for
twenty yep rs without any redemption at all. This
may be all right; but I cannot so see it.
If we want specie resumption, we can getit im-
mediately. How? By repealing the legal-tender
law. This is the short way to arrive at the end
assumed to be desirable. The plan now proposed
will, unless strangled by the future legislation of
Congress, postpone for twenty years at least all
hopes of a convertible currency. We aie heie
insisting that the safeguards around State bank-
ing are insufficient, and for remedy we propose a
system possessing fewer safeguards for note-hold-
ers and depositors than is possessed by the most
loose and rickety system of stock banking ever
adopted in any State of the Union. No stock
banking system ever was adopted by aStategov- 1
ernment which did not require the redemption of i
the notes m specie, and yet they fail. ' i
We insist that the local circulation is not uni- !
form, that some of it is good and some of itisbad; j
and to remedy this evil we propose to issue a cir- j
culation all of which is bad. That is the sort of j
legislation we are no w called upon to adopt. We j
find a circulation in the States based upon surplus
capital, upon wealth, upon gold and silver m a !
majority of cases. We dosue to monopolize the i
currency business. We must thercfoie destioy j
this. We propose to issue piper based not upon j
com but upon public debt, which nevei yet in the ;
history of banking failed to ruin the community ■
in which it ciiculated* and 1 defy any gentleman I
to point me to a single exception, i undertake to
say that no banking system ever yet was estab- |
lished upon public stocks, upon debt, that did not \
end in failure. There may be some that have not |
yet had a sufficient trial, but the tnal will bring j
them to bankruptcy. It is so in the very nature ,
of things. But we are bound to contiact debt ;
during this war, and we think tins false schema ;
necessary to sell our bonds. If we n yarded a |
Government bond as debt, the only mjui y would '
bethe.existence of the debt. We insist, however,
that the debt is money, that it is the same asgold;
thatinstead ofits being-acurse it isfelessfng. To
•prove it the same as gold we let the purchaser use
it as gold—to use it as a basis for bank issues,
where nothing else than gold should ever be used.
What is the use of a paper circulation at all?
& thought it was for convenience. I did not sup-
pose that anybody dreamed that a paper circula-
tion was money, unless instantaneously coverti-
ble into coin, i did not suppose that anybody,
not infatuated, ever seriously argued that it was
worth one cent of itself, that it had any intrinsic
value in it. But we seem to argue here as if pa-
per itself would give to the country wealth, power,
greatness, ability to negotiate loans, and supply
all the business of the country with that which is
so much needed. The circulating medium of this
country now is far too great, and that is the diffi-
culty with us.
As 1 stated, we want t^e business of circulation*
reorganized, vainly supposing that the scheme
will float a large public debt. To succeed in this
work the thumb-screw of power is to be applied
to the State banks, and a dangerous system of
favoritism extended to the new corporations. I
do not object to your depriving the State banks
of the power of issuing paper if thought desira-
ble. It might, perhaps, be a good thing to do so
if it can be legally done. But when you have
done that, does it necessarily follow that the Gov-
ernment should provide for issuing §300,000,000
more by these new banks? That is the meaning
of this bill, and a meaning to which I object most
strenuously.
I desire now to call attention to another ques-
tion. If the $300,000,000 of notes to be issued by
the new banks be intended as the permanent cur-
rency of the country for the next twenty ycais,
displacing all other paper, (a thing neither prac-
ticable nor desirable,) I still think the amount
should be limited to a smaller sum. The year
1860 in this country was exceedingly prosperous.
Recovery from the prostration of 1857 was almost
complete in that year. Business was healthy,
both North and South. The currency was not
so abundant as to excite speculative operations
of a dsji^erous character. The money in circu-
lation, however, was amply sufficient to answer
the requirements of an active and prosperous
trade. Healthy commerce demandsa convertible
currency, and such a currency never fails to give
prosperity and security in business, with a rea-
sonable amountof labor on thepartof the people.
The business of that period was becoming pios-
perous and secure; specie payments were being
resumed throughout the country. But for the
war, the last three years would have canceled the
debt of the former Administration, and given us
a decree of public piospenty unparalleled even in
the histoiy of the United States.
Now, what was the amount of paper circula-
tion m the United States in 1860 s I have already
shown that it was $207,102,477. Did anybody
complain that thete was not sufficient circulating
paper in 1860? Business was as active as it ever
way, and we had a population of thirty-one mil-
lion of industrious and enterprising people. No-
body complained of the lack of circulation. Re-
member, too, that this amount of $207,000,000
was the entire ciiculation of all the States, both
North and South. The seceded States had about
$45,000,000, and the loyal States about $162,000,-
000 of this circulation. The circulation issued by
local corporations and now outstanding in the loyal
States is about what it was in 1860, not varying
moie than live or six million dollais. It is now
pei haps $168,000,000; it was then say $162,000,-
1)00. This (uculdtion, I have shown, has the best
possible guarantee for Us conversion. It has loans
three tunes as groat as the amountof the circula-
tion. and coin on hand equal to nearly one half
of it, and fully sufficient to purchase greenbacks
to redeem it all to-day. Vet grave Senatois tell
u«! thnt this circulation is worthless, and must be
displaced by that winch is uniform and convert-
ible. To make it uniform, they will allowaNew
England bank to redeem m Louisville, Kentucky,
or in San Fianciseo. That was the bill asitwas
repoited, and as it will be again, perhaps, before
wc get thiough wnh it. Tu make that cuircncy
onnvutibb' they ignore specie as the standard of
vuhm, and require redemption only in that which
13 a* wosthkss as the authouzed cnculaUon. If
greenbacks are convertible so is this circulation.
If this circulation is convertible so are greenbadcs 
But the whole ruinous system of credit estab-
lished without one dollar of coin. It rs to be na-
tional currency or greenbacks, or greenbacks or
national currency. You can take which you
please, provided you call at the right place.- If
greenbacks by any misfortune should not be paifl,
you can protest and sell United States bonds.
Large quantities of these bonds being forced on
the market to meet that general insolvency which,
never yet failed to follow banking on ti public (iebt,
the depreciation of the stock is inevitable. We
Vent through that history in the western States a
few years ago, and we know all about it. What
are these stocks now worth? Some gentlemen
say it will not do for us to intimate that the bonds
of the United States are depreciated; thatit is not
patriotic. I disregard this folly. Let us look at
the facts. The sooner we look at the facts, and
understand them and appreciate them and act
upon them, the sooner we shall get out of all our
financial troubles. What are the bonds of the
United States worth now in coin ? if agold dol-
lar is worth $1 80 of greenbacks, then greenbacks
are worth fifty-five and a half cents to the dollar.
Five-twenties with May coupons off arc worth
say $1 06 in greenbacks. Then a dollar of five-
twenties is worth fifty-eight and eighty-eight hun-
dredths cents in coin. This is to be the basis of
the circulating medium m this country, and worse
than all, this circulation, not based onreal wealth,
but on credit, is to be the exclusive system. There
is to be no otherpaper circulation, indeed no other
currency. Goldisnowhere mentionedin the bill;
and gold never appears in business when a depre-
ciated currency is recognized as a medium of ex-
change. Gold, keeps no such company. No
gold has been seen in circulation since the day
when greenbacks, being a legal tender,fell below
par. -The people will never again see any gold
until they force redemption, or reduce by taxa-
tion or otherwise the amountof outstanding Uni-
ted States notes, checks, and certificates, to that
reasonable limit demanded by the legitimate busi-
ness of the country.
It is useless to drive out a certain class of cir-
culation and fill its place with that which is no
better. Is it not criminal to fill its place with that
which is infinitely worse? It is criminal when
the public interests demand a reduction of the cir-
culation, that we should remove $108,000,000
with one hand while with the other we scatter
$300,000,000 among the people. That amount of
depreciated currency will prove to beanunmeas-
ured cufse to this country in times of peace. In
1860 we needed but $207,000,000 for the whole
Union, and now it seems, with the southern States
away from us, we need $300,000,000. 1 say that
this paper, if inconvertible, is a curse to the coun-
try. If convertible, what will be the result? It
will loose from its hiding place atleast$100,000~,000
'of go Id, and that would swell the currency in peace
times; to $400,000,000. This was the case in 1860.
The $207,000,000 of hank paper was not the only
currency or medium of exchange. A large amount
of gold was in circulation, because the banks hav-
ing resumed specie paymentsgold and paperwere
indifferently used. A man who owed a debt would
as lief pay it in gold as in paper, and thus per-
haps from fifty to eighty millions of gold went
into actual circulation. There is now no gold in
circulation at all. If resumptionshoufd ever come
under this bill, it would loose say$]00,000,000 of
gold, and this would give us a circulating medium
of $400,000,000. Suppose that theTreasury notes,
postal euirency, certificates of deposit, and other
devices now in circulation as money, amounting
to perhaps $650,000,060, wore out of the way, I
yet believe that$400,000,000 of circulation would
be too much for a pei jod of peace. Great Britain
with all her wealth and.power does not issue over
$200,000,000 of bank paper, 1 append a table
showing the bank ciiculation of Great Britain for
each year from 18,>4 to i860,
I give the aggregate figures without giving the
different banks. The ciiculation of the Bank of
England, the country banks of England, the banks
of Scotland, the Bank of Ireland, and the private
and joint ?,toek banks of Iielaiid,all added to-
! gether amounted in L-!f>4—the laigest amount for
1 the year being taken—to ,-£41,028,283, or a little
i more thmi $200,000,000. In 1855 the cucufatnm
I was ct'37,89dsl>66; in' 1856, 4\&,b94,5I6; in 1857,
