1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BROOKS. I find in the twenty-third and
twenty-fourth lines, for the salary of the secre-
tary of legation to Turkey, acting as interpreter,
$3,000;" and then comes the following in the
thirty-fourth line:
For expeuscs of the consulate in the Turkish dominions,
namely: interpreters, guaid*, and other expenses of the con-
sulates at Constantinople, Smyrna, Candia, Ale.\andna}and
Beirut, $2,500.
If the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means has any analysis of that appropria-
tion from the State Department, I should be glad
to have it. I wish to know whether the first in-
terpreter provided for is only for Constantinople,
or whether others have to be employed for the
other places named.
Mr. STEVENS. The first one is for Constan-
tinople alone. Then there are expenses for inter-
preters for the other places which are indicated.
Mr. BROOKS. They are for consulates?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir. They do not all
need interpreters. Sometimes they need an in-
terpreter, and sometimes they do not, therefore
interpreters are not engaged ail the time, and are
only paid as they arc needed. I hope that this
explanation is satisfactory to the gentleman from
New York.
The Clerk read as follows:
For office rent for those consul? general, consul?, and com-
mercial agents who are not allowed to trade,including loss
by exchange theieon, $50,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out*'$50,000,"
and to insert "$41,800." I do it for the purpose of
making an inquiry. I find that there has been a
steady increase in this item. In the appropriation
bill for 18G0, the amount for this purpose was
$>27,370. The appropriation made by the last
Congress was§41,800. The appropriation sought
to be made by tins bill is $50,000. In this item,
of no great importance, there has been an increase
each year. It hag more than doubled in the last
three years. Unless there is some good reason
for it, I think that the appropiiation of the last
Congress of $41,800 is entirely sufficient; for it
seems to me that there is no reason why in such
an item there should be an increase beyond the
old appropriations, except ns an increase coming,
from the number of consuls appointed abroad
who tire notallowed to engage in commeice, and
of the number of ministers whose rights are here
involved. In any event, the appropriation for
this purpose duiing the last yearof the Adminis-
tration of James Buchanan, which was not re-
ga ided as an economical Administration, was only
$27,370. This Administration, which came into
power upon the alleged extravagance of that Ad-
ministration, increased thatamount. It seems to
me, therefore,* that the appropriation made by the
last Congress for this purpose is amply sullicient.
My motion is to strike out "$50,000," and in
lieu of it to inseit "$41,800," which was the
amount appropriated at the last Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. The amount asked for is nc-
cessai y to make up the losses of exchange, which
we are obliged to do by the law in all of thruse
cases. It is larger than it was for the last year.
It is exactly calculated according to the number
of consuls reported to us as having been appointed.
The gentleman from Indiana will recollect that by
a law passed by Congress the Secretary of State
has (he right toappointnew consuls in such places
as, underthe circumstances, he may deem proper.
If the gentleman will look carefully into the mat-
ter he will find that the appropriation tallies with
the number of consuls called for.
Mr. HOLMAN. I know that the present law
grants the power to the Secretary of State to ap-
point consuls abroad; but is there no limit to the
exercise of that power* Is there no limit to the
power of the President or the Secretary of State?
Mr. STEVENS. lie has the power to make
the appointments wherever he may deem them
temporarily necessary. There is a general law
on the subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the same law regulate
the pay of the consuls' How is the salary of
these temporary consuls regulated?
Mr. STEVENS. The law provides that the
salary shall be by fees, or at a fixed rate. The
salary of these temporary consuls is fixed by the |
law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Fortuities ofeoiihuirf general at Quebec, Calcutta, Alex-
andna, Havana, Constantinople, Frankfort-on-tUc-Mam ;
consuls at Kanagawa and Nagasaki, in Japan, Liverpool,
London, Melbourne, Hong Korig, Glasgow, Mauritius, Sin-
gapore, Belfast, Cork, Dundee, Demaiara, Halifax, King-
ston, (Jamaica,) Leeds, Manchester, Nassau, (New Provi-
dence,) Southampton. Turk's Island, Piince Edwaid's
I&laiifl, Havie, Paris, Marseilles, Bordeaux, La Rochelle,
Lyons, Moscow, Odessa, Itnvel, Saint Petersburg, Matan-
za*, Trinidad de Cuba, Santiago do Cuba, San Juan, {Porto
Itico,)Cadiz, Malaga, Ponce, (Poi to Rico,) Trieste, Vienna,
Aix-la-Chapelle, Canton, Shanghai, Fouchou, Amoy, Ning-
po, Beirut, Smyrna, Jeiusalcm, Rotterdam, Amsteidam,
Antwerp, Funchal, Oporto, Saint Thomas, TCI-aneur, fJe-
noa, Basle, Geneva, Messina. Naples, Paleimo, Loipsic,
Munich, Leghorn, Stuttgaidf, Bremen, Hamburg, Tangier?,
Tripoli, Tunis, Rio de Janeno, Pernambuco, Vera Ciuz,
Acapufco, Callao, Valparaiso, Buenos Ayies, San Juan
del Sur, A>pin\\ all, Panama, Lagtiaj la, Honolulu, Lahaina,
Cape Town. Falkland Is-land*, Venice, Stettin, Candia,
Cyprus, Uaiavia, Fayai, Santiago, (Capo de Veidos.) Saint
Croix, Spezzia, Athens, Zanzibar, Bahia, Maianham Isl-
and, Para, Itio Giande, Matamoras, Mexico, (eity,) Tam-
pico, Paso del Norte, Tabasco, Pnita}Tutnbcz,Talcahuaiio,
Caitiiaeena, Sabamllo. Omoa, Guayaquil, Cobija, Monte-
video, Tahiti,Bayofl&lands,Apia,Lanthala, IJri&to),Cai-
difF, Malta, Saint John's, (Newfoundland.) Saint John,
(New Biun-aviek.) Pictou, (Nova Scotia,) La Union,Bar-
badoes, JJmnuda, Antigua, Nante>, Napoleon, Vendee,
Nice, Lisbon. Gortenburg, Tehuantepee, Santos. Saint
Cathcnnc, Balize, Ga,-pe lla-in, Valencia, P<>Jt Malum,
Mai unique, Taianto, Santander. Galafz, Bilbao, Scio, Par-
ainanbo, Macao, Stockholm, Ancona, Otianto, Swatow,
La Paz, Bergen,'Tiiimlad, Baierlona. Quebec, Mancaibo,
Airier:-, Poit au Prince, San Domingo, (city,) Moniovxa,
Cape liauien. Aux Cayes, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne;
commercial agents, at San Jnan del Noite, Saint Paul de
Luanda, (Angola,) Gaboon, Saint Marc, Curaeoa, and
Ainoor river, including the loss by exchange theieon,
$450,000.
Mr. BROOKS. The salary of the consul gen-
eral at Quebec is provided for twice in that para-
graph.
Mr. STEVENS. That is an error. I move
to strike out that paragraph, and to inseit in lieu
of it a new one furnished by the State Depart-
ment.
Mr. CROOKS. I should like to see that in print
before we are called to act on it.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no change. The
appropriation is the same. The names are alpha-
betically arranged and errors corrected. There
is no addition to it.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not like to interfere with
the order of business, but I should like to have
the amendment printed.
The Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, sir, if the gentleman
desires to move that the committee use he can
do so.
Mr. BROOKS. I will not press it, because I
understand there is no new consulate inserted in
this amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire then to dispose of
the bill now.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amount of appropria-
tion pioposed by the amendment is the same as
that contained in the oiiginal paragiaph, 1 sup-
pose ?
Mr. STEVENS. The amount of appropria-
tion is not mentioned in the amendment. It con-
tains only a classification of the consuls general
and commercial agents, and makes no alteration
m the appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the sum is the same, I
shall move no amendment to it at this time.
Mr. STEVENS. I only moved to strike out
all down to and including the words "Amoor
river," leaving the appropriation just as it was.
Mr. HOLMAN. So that what remains of that
section will be subject to amendment after this
amendment is adopted ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendment I proposed
to move was to strike out the appropriation of
"$450,000, "and to insert the amount appropriated
for this purpose last Congress, namely, $41G,354.
If that portion of this clause to which such au
amendment applies is not to be stricken out by
tiie amendment of the gentleman ftom Pennsyl-
vania, the amendment will be more appropriate
hereafter.
The amendment offered by Mr. Steveks was
then agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to strike out the
words " four hundied and fifty thousand dollars,"
and to insert the words ''four hundred and six-
teen thousand iluee hundred and fifty-four dol-
lais."
In proposing this amendment, I desiie to call
the attention of the House to the very remarkable
fact of the rapidity with which these appropria-
tions for managing our foreign icUitio.ns aje being
increased. There had been some slight increase
prior to the last session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, but at that time the entire appropriation
for all the purposes indicated in this paragraph
was $274,250, and the appropriation made for
these same purposes at the last Congress, if! have
got the correct data, was $416,354. Now the
sum has increased to $450,000, nearly double
since the beginning of this Administration. This
shows a steady and very rapid increase in the
appropriations for these purposes. If it is true
that the reason, and the main reason, for this
extraoidinary increase is to be found in the in-
creased rate of exchange, resulting from the
depreciation of the currency, a question of very
great importance, it seems to me, presents itself to
the House, and that is whether, in view of the
general policy of the Government and the man-
ner in which the other employes of the Govern-
ment of the United States are paid,it is rightand
proper to continue to pay these salaries of foreign
mmisteis, all of which are large salaries and as
amjSlo as any paid to any officers under the Gov-
ernment, in gold or its equivalent in exchange,
while all other citizens employed by the Govern-
ment aie paid in cunency which is depreciated
hugely from the gold standard.
I cannot but remember that there is a gallant
Army iri the field, and that when the appropria-
tion now sought to be made to the amount of
$450,000 was only $274,150, and when we thought
this latter item was a sufficient compensation for
these employes abroad, we fixed the compensa-
tion of those gallantsoldiers, who have now been
fighting for the Government in this death-struggle
for nearly three ycais, at the sum of thirteen dol-
lars a month. And 1 have heard no proposition
coming from the majority of the House to in-
crease their pay for the purpose of bringing it up
to the gold standard. And yet there is tins large
army of citizens abroad, located at pleasant places
of resoitand fashion in the Old World, in peace-
ful and pleasant pursuits, whom we are paying
their ample salaries at the gold standard, while
the soldieis who bear the weight of this fearful
calamity which has fallen upon us, still receive
only their small pittance of thirteen dollars a month,
in a depreciated currency, i am not aware that
our ministeis and consuls abroad have rendered
such extraordinary services to the Government as
to be entitled to such a romaikable act of favor.
Why, sn, these offices are sought for with great,
avidity. The number of applicants has always
been enormous for these foreign appointments.
These arc places of leisure—places to which gen-
tlemen desire to resort with their families for the
purpose of engaging m new rounds of social life——
amusements and fashions and sight-seemgs un-
known to theirown country. Gentlemen of leisure
and fortune leceive these appointments, and espe-
cially desire them as passports into the fashionable
and aristociattc society of other countries.
They arc places wheie piofessionul and worn
politicians are to be sent for pleasant lecrtation;
they are places of honor and distinction, with im-
mense salaries; and yet the men who fill them are
to be paid, as though no misfortune had fallen
upon the nation, in gold or ns value in cunency,
while every citizen who has rendeicd peculiar and
extraordinary services in this fearful emeigency
receives his pittance of compensation in a depre-
ciated currency to the amount established by law
at a time when gold was the standard of value
throughout the entii e country. Is there any jus-
tice or republican equality in this? Js it to maintain
these tendencies of public policy that your gal-
lant Army has suffered and borne so much ? No,
sir, they have the fust claim on your justice, if
not upon your generosity and favor. Let their
pay be increased to the gold standard hefo e you
favor the gentlemen of elegant leisure abroad.
I propose, Mr. Chairman, when the proper
opportunity shall occur, to offer an amendment
providing that all ministers, consuls, and other
public agents employed abroad, shall be paid
their salaries on the basis of the legal tender cur-
rency of the United States, dollar for dollar, and
not upon the basis of the value of gold; and where
they are paid through exchange, as they must
generally be, that then they shall be paid a sum
equal in value to their salaries in the legal tender
currency of this country and actual expense of
transportation, the true basis of exchange, and
not in a sum equal to their salaries in gold, and
