8130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 255) grant-
ing certain privileges to the Guardian {Society of
the District of Columbia. Itproposes to grant the
use and occupancy of all that part of reservation
numbered seventeen, in the city of Washington,
lying west of Second street and east of the east-
erly line of New Jersey aven(ue, in perpetuity to
the Guardian Society of the'District of Colum-
bia, a corporation duly established by act of Con-
gress approved July 1, 1862; but those premises
are to be used and occupied exclusively f6r the
proper and legitimate purposes and objects of said
Guardian Society; and the Guardian Society are
within three years from and after the approval of
this acttoexpend in the erection of buildings upon
the premises, suitable for a house of industry and
awidows'undorphans'home, the sum of §20,000
or more.
All permanent buildings and structures upon
the premises arc to be erected and made in ac-
cordance with plans and specifications approved
in writing and subscribed by the Commissioner
of Public Buildings.
The rates of expenses which are or shall here-
after be adopted by the Guardian Society, or the
trustees thereof, for the support and maintenance
of the several classes of persons described in the
eleventh section of their act of incorporation, are
to be approved in writing and subscribed by a
majority of the justices of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia.
So much of the fixtures and materials in the
temporary military erections in the city of Wash-
ington, being no longer in use and needful for
military purposes, are granted to the Guardian
Society, subject to the approval and upon the or-
der of the Secretary of War, for such temporary
erections upon the grounds as may be needful
while permanent buildings and fences are being
erected.
The Committee on the District of Columbia re-
ported the bill with amendments. The first, amend-
ment was in section one, lines six and seven, to
strikeoutthe words " m perpetuity,"and toinsert,
"for the period of thirty-three years."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
first section to insert "otherwise the said use be
forfeited to the United States;" so that it will
read:
Jlnd provided further, That said Guatdian Socicty shall,
within throe yeais troiu and after the appioval of this act,
expend in thfj election of lmilding> upon said pi«imiscs,
suitable for a house- of industry and a widows'aiul orphans'
Jiomc, the sum o! or more, otherwise the said use
be lbifcitod to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fourth section of the bill, as follows;
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further cnaclcd, That so much of the
fixtures and materials in the temporary militniy erections
in tne city of Washington, being no longer in u^e and
needful lor military purpose, are hereby granted to said
Guardian Society, subject to the approval and upon the
order of the Societary of War, lor huch temporary erec-
tions upon said grounds as may be needful while perma-
nent buildings and fences arc being erected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Sonatcasamended;
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engiossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and
pasucd.
ORPHANS' COTJIIT PROCESSES.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. 11. No. 434) to authorize the bailiff
of the orphans' court, in the county of Washing-
ton and District of Columbia, to serve processes
issued by said court, and for other purposes. It
provides that the h.nlifF of the orphans' court, in
the county of Washington and District of Co-
lumbia, or such person as may be deputed by the
register of wills in the county, shall have author-
ity to serve all processes issued by the court, and
shall be entitled to a fee ot fifty cents for serving
citations, and a fee of one dollar for serving at-
tachments and making returns of the same to the
rouit; and there is to be paid to the legister of {
wills for the county, for recording willsand other ,
instruments, fifteen cents per folio of one hundred ^
wouis. i
The bill was reported to the Senate without j
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
thud time, and passed. I
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 5:22) to amend the charter of
the Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany. It provides that the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company shall have the
right to construct a.horse railway on any public
highway in the county of Washington, commen-
cing at the present terminus of either of their roads,
first having obtained the consent of the levy court
therefor; and may charge a fare not exceeding ten
cents for cach and every passenger conveyed upon
any road constructed in the countyof Washing-
ton outside of the limits of the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown; but nothing herein contained
is to be construed so as to prevent Congress from
regulating the fare on either of the roads, or al-
tering or amending the original charter of the
company, or this amendment thereto, according
to the provisions of the original charter.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with amendments. The amend-
ments were in line four, to strike out the words
u construct a" and to insert " extend their;" in
line six, after the word " roads," to insert "ex-
tending north from Seventh and Fourteenth
streets, and from the Capitol square to Maryland
avenue, and extending north from the eastern
extremity of that avenue;" and in line eight to
strike out the words "a fare not exceeding ten
cents," and to insert " an additional fare of five
cents for every three miles on each branch so ex-
tended;" so that the bill will read:
Be it enacted, tyc., That the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company shall have the right to extend their horse
railway on any public highway in the county of Washing-
ton, commencing at the present teiminus of either of their
roads, .extending north from Seventh and Fourteenth
streets, and from the Capitol square to Maryland avenue,
and extending north fiom the eastern extremity of that
avenue, th*t having obtained the consent of the levy court
therelor; and may charge an additional fare of live cents
for every three miles on each branch s>o extended for each
and eveiy passenger conveyed upon any road constructed
in said county of Washington outside oi the limits of the
cities of Washington and CJeoigetown, &e.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senute as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
COLLECTION OF DIRECT TAX.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
321) to authorize the corporation of Washington
to levy and collect the direct tax imposed by the
act approved August 5, 18G1; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed with the consideration
of the bill now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to authorize the corporation
of the city of Washington to assess and collect a
tax not exceeding the rate of fifteen cents on every
$100 of the value of all real and personal property
in the city, and on any and all subjects of taxa-
tion as made and returned by the board of assess-
ors of the city, to enable the corporation to pay
to the Government of the United States the tax
imposed by the act approved August 5, 1861.
Any surplus that may accrue from the imposi-
tion of this tax is to be deposited and applied to
the use of the general fund of the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. GRIMES. Perhaps I ought to say in
apology for asking the Senate to consider a bill
that has not been under the consideration of any
committee of the Senate, that this bill was brought
to me by the committee appointed by the city au-
thorities to attend to the District of Columbia
business since the Senate convened in the morn-
ing. They also brought with them the report
made by the committee on finance of one branch
of the city authorities, and a resolution instructing
the committee to attempt to procure the passage
of the bill. It only provides that the city author-
ities may have power to levy and collect money
enough to discharge the direct tax that was levied
by Congress upon the different States and Ter-
ritories and the District by the act of 1861, and
if there shall be any surplus over and above that
collected under this bill it shall go into the com-
mon treasury of the city.
Mr. HALE. I should like to know v/J-ere is
the necessity for this bill. The Government Im*
provided its own machinery for collecting the
taxes assessed by it in all other cities,and where
is the necessity of devolving on the city of Wash-
ington the authority to collect this United States
tax? Why can they not collect it as they do in
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and other cities?
Mr. GRIMES. I think in every State in the
Union, probably, the State has assumed the di-
rect tax. It is much cheaper to the States to col-
lect the tax themselves through their own regular
tax-gatherers than it is to have any United States
officials appointed for that purpose. This is
simply to authorize the city authorities of the
city of Washington to do what is done in Massa-
chusetts, New Hampshire, Iowa, and elsewhere.
They have not paid this tax. It is due from them
to the Government. As the amount they are now
authorized to levy and collect is limited, this bill
gives them authority to levy an additional tax in
order to discharge their obligations to the Federal
•Government. 1 think the bill oughttopass,and
I have the authority of the city council who have
passed resolutions and instructed their committee-
to apply to Congress to procure its passage.
Mr. POWELL. If 1 understood the reading
of the bill from the desk, I think it authorizes
the city authorites to levy this tax upon the land.
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, no; "all subjects of tax-
ation." '
Mr. POWELL. Then I have no objection to
it. I thought it was only upon the land.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. |
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 495) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend the charterof the Washington
and Georgetown Railroad Company." The Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia reported the
bill with various amendments. Thefiistamcnt]-
ment was in section one, line eleven, after tlio
word " shall "to insert the words " be permuted;"
so that the section will read:
That from and after the passage of this act the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company shall, during
all sessions of Congress, run one car each way ev^iv two
minutes between the hour^ot ten o'clock in the niornme*
and six o'clock m the afternoon on their mainline ot rail-
way Irom the eastern fiont of the Capitol and irom Sev-
enteenth stieet, passing between said points at a late of
speed not exceeding seven and not ie^s than five mile«.p<*r
hour: Ptovided, That on Sundays the «aid company '-hall
be pei mittcd to run cars at the same interval", of time as ,
presenhedin the oiigmal law for the other days, of the week.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the second section, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jindbcit further encrefpd, That the said raihocid
company shall keep m good repair and m clean condition
the flagstones or crosswalks leading to, upon, andovei their
tracks at the crossings of the several streets which inter-
sect their lailroad, removing therefrom snow ami Lee, ;i*
well as mud, dirt, or other annoyance; and shall fuither.
whenever necessary to render such crossings diy and con-
venient, raise or elevate the same sufficiently for that pur-
pose, and shall adjust the adjoining pavement -so us to
make it convenient for carriages to pass said cross-log*.
Mr. GRIMES. I am authorized by a majority
of the Committee on the District of Columbia to
say that their views have undergone a ehangein
regard to the propriety of striking out that sec-
tion since the bill was reported to the Senate. If
it remains the provisions of this biil will stand
uniform with the provisions of the other bills that
have been passed. It simply requires the com-
pany to keep the walks at the intersections ofthe
streets clean, so that a person can g,o from the
sidewalks to the car without getting muddy. 1
therefore hope that the Senate will not concur in
the recommendation of the committee to strike
outthatsection.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike oat the Bali
section, as follows:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the route of «ai(J
raihoad from the east front of the Capitol squaie to Pern-
tuivama avenue east shall be m lieu ofthe route pr:'-ciibi 0.
by the act of incorporation as follows, viz: cu)niu<'i,en.<|
at the webt front ofthe Capitol square, and running thence
in a northeasterly direction across the public space to tin-
intcrsection of I* street with New Jersey avenue, at which
