1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
silss
notes, I mean the bonds of the Government, we
promise to pay them in coin. If we only agreed
to pay the equivalent of what is received the
case would be different, but we take a depreciated
currency worth fifty-five cents to the dollar and
agree to pay coin for it at a hundred cents to the
dollar. We use this money for the purchase of
Army supplies, paying for them the inflated prices.
We could pay for the most of these articles at
fifty-five cents to the dollar in gold, or it! equiv-
alent. As gold goes up so do many of the arti-
cles needed by the Army and Navy, and labor
follows. The Government is paying two prices
for almost everything, just as individuals are
doing. The misfortune of this thing is that the
Government is contracting a debt in a period of
inflation to be paid hereafter in coin; contracted
in rags, lamp-black, and paper, to be paid in metal.
The Government, then, will execute its notes for
$445,000,000 in one year more than it receives;
m other words, it submits to a discount, a shave
of §445,000,000 in negotiating a loan of $1,000,-
000,000. Suppose this to be a twenty-year lot*i
at six per cent.; the annual interest would be
$60,000,000, payable in coin, making, in the
twenty .years, $1,200,000,000 paid in the shape of
interest alone. The whoieamount,therefore, re-
quired to liquidate the debt would be §2,200,000,-
000. If the loan were negotiated in com, or its
equivalent, which would be equally bencficial to
the Government, even if the exorbitant rate of
ten per cent, per annum were paid for the money,
the annual interest would be $55,000,000, amount-
ing in the twenty years to $1,100,000,000 in in-
terest. The interest and principal to be paid by
the Government in that case would be $1,655,-
000,000, saving to the Government in the twenty
years $545,000,000 in coin, t*n amount almost
equal to the sum now borrowed.
The interest on our public debt as now con-
tracted, if it must be paid in coin,is beyond what
any nation or individual can pay and prosper. If
we pay six cents per annum on the loan of fifty-
five cents, the rate of course is near eleven per
cent.; and if we could borrow coin at eleven per
cent, for twenty years we- should still save the
present discount of $445,000,000. If we could
negotiate our loans at eleven per cent, in coin we
should save in the twenty years $445,000,000
upon one year's expenditure. I take it that he
who wishes to pay a debt should desire inflation.
He who contracts large debt m times of inflation
must keep up the unnatural state of things to the
day of payment or fail in the end. That, at pres-
ent, is the condition of the Government.
There are other facts to which I might allude;
but the Senate is no doubt wearied,and I myself
am tired. I apologize to Senators for having con-
sumed so much time in an extemporaneous and
therefore disjointed speech on so important a
measure. I am arguing against an infatuation,
and therefore rendering myself ridiculous. I do
not suppose thai what I have said will have any
effect upon gentlemen in this body. I hove looked
somewhat into tins measure, and it fs my candid
impression that if we undertake to bank under it
the whole system will be a failure: that the cur-
rency which will he put in circulation under the
provisions of the law will ultimately prove to be
a worthless currency. It is almost worthless at
the date of its issue. It is idle to talk about the
Government itself being responsible for it in the
end; and yet that is the only thing that will make
it worth a cent.
If the Govern mentis to be responsible let the Gov-
ernment continue to issue the greenbacks. We
can control thegreenbaeks and save interest. Lot
us escape the evils that will come upon us for the
next twenty years under a system of this char-
acter. If I could wipe out the whole system 1
would do so. I have not examined the subject to
sec whether we can g-et rid of the banks already
established under the law of last year; I hardly
think we can; but the amendment I have offered
I think ought to be adopted. If we cannot get
rid of the evils we have already inflicted under
the system, for God's sake let us stopatthe point
where we are, let us quit it, let us get out of it.
It will neither enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to negotiate a loan nor will it make a uni-
form currency in this country unless it be a cur-
rency uniform in its worthlessness and corrupting
influences.
Mr. JOHNSON, I voted in the affirmative on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan to strike
out all the names of the places at which the notes
are to be redeemable,except Philadelphia, Boston,
and New York. I move to reconsider that vote,
and let it lie over,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Several Senators. Oh no; it is too late.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. ______
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 6, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The Committee of Elections, to whom was
referred the memorial and accompanying docu-
ments of Samuel Knox, contesting the right of
Hon. F. P. Blair, jr., to a seat in this House,
have instructed me to make a report, accompa-
nied by two resolutions.
I am requested to state that the committee are
not entirely unanimous in this report; but that the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Vooiuiees,] and
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ganson,]
and thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith,]
and thegentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Brown,]
do not concur in the report. I desire that the
resolutions may be read; and that the report be
laid upon the table, and printed.
The icsolutions reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
Kcsohcd, That F. P. Blair, jr., is not entitled to a scat
m tins House as a Itrpiet-entaUve in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress from the first congressional distuet of Missouri.
lirsolvcd, That Samwl Knox is entitled t > a seat m this
Hour'o at- n ]tepie«entJiuvo in this Congress from the first
eongiest-ional district ol Missouri.
The report was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that when the
House adjouins to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. PRICJ5. I raise the point of order that
while the country is in its present condition it is
not in order to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire only to say
that i have a large accumulation of business on
my hands, as I doubt not other members have,
which I have been prevented from attending to
at the Departments by the continuous sessions of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
House by unanimous consent has set apartSutur-
daysfor public business. The Chair has doubted
whether, under that order, the House could ad-
journ over Saturdays, but the Chair will entertain
the motion.
Mi. PIKE. I move that there be a call of the
House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON demanded the yeas and nays on
Mr. Farnsworth's motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;'and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas G4, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—-Mf.'s-rs. Ancona, Baily, Augustus (\ Baldwin,
Blow, Clruil'T, Ooie, Cox, Craven*, Orowell, Henty Wni-
toi l>avK, Dawson, I>( mni!:.I>omcon, lhxon, Eden, Eriger-
ton, Elch ulge, F«irn«,woitb, Fenton, Gannon, Garfield, Gris-
wold, fl.ill, Harding, Hamilton. Ileiuck, Hooper, William
JoIhimhi, Kalbllei-eh, Kasson, Kirn.in, J>.i/;<-mi, L ; Blond,
Loin:, Matey, McAllister, jVIuDowell, McKinncy, William
II., Jami"- B. Moiris.Mornson,Nobl<\Norton,Chaile 
O'Neill, John O'Neill. Pendleton, I'eny. William H. Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rici;, Kuhin.*on, James S. Rollins,
Hchcnck. Shannon. Smith, John B. Steele. Stevens Utiles,
Smait. Sweat, Voorhoo. Walworth, Webstei. Whaley,
and Wheeler—Hi,
NAYS—MuiMb. Alloy, Allison, Anic«, Anderson, Ath- '
ley, Baxter, Beamau, Boutwell, Boyd, Broomail, William
Q. Brown, Clay, Dawes, Eliot, Fmck, Frank, Gnnnell,
iiale, llisbj, i-Ioi.elikis&, Asalud W. Ilubbard. Hullmid,
Philip Johnson, Keiley, Francis W. KcHouc. Km«, LiUle-
john, Loan, Eongyear, Marvin, McI3iide?McClurp, MeTi!-
*doe, Mtdrihitoii, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead, Morrill, Dan-
iel Mouis, Amob Mycro, Oith, Fcrham, Pike, Pouit'iuy,
Price, John H. Rice, Edward H. ltollins, Scofielfl, Sloan,
Smithers, Spalding, Upson, William Ii« Washburn, Joseph
W. Wjilte, Wilder, Wilson, Windotn, YVoodbridge, arid
Yeaman—58.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the motion was agreed to, and
to lay the motion to reconsideij^pon the: table.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I demand the yeastfnd
nays upon that motion. • -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the mo-
tion.
VOTE RECORDED.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to record my
vote on all the various questions on the bill which
was disposed of yesterday in relation to the claims
of the State of Pennsylvania.
No objection was made. *
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I vote in the
affirmative on the passage tff the bill, and in favor
of all motions made by the friends of the bill.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. GANSON. I now call up the contested-
election case of Bruce vs, Loan, from the seventh
congressional district of Missouri, and I call for
the reading of the first' resolution reported by the
committee.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That Benjamin F. Loan Is not entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the seventh
eongiessional district of Missouri.
Mr. GANSON. Mr. Speaker, the majority of
the Committee of Elections have joined in this
report, that the sitting member from the seventh
congressional district of Missouri is not entitled
to his seat, The election took place on the 4th
day of November, 1862. There were three can-
didates—Mr. Bruce, Mr. Bianch,and Mr. Loan.
Mr. Bruce contests the right of Mr. Loan to the
seat, the latter having received the certificate of
election, nominally having a majority over Mr.
Bruce of 2,028 votes. The seventh congressional
district iscomposed of fifteen counties. It is con-
ceded by the contestant,and also bytherespond-
ent, that in eight of the counties of that district
the election was fairly conducted; but the con-
testant claims that there was neither a free, full,
nor fair vote given in the other seven counties;
that many peisons were prevented from attending
the polls by threats of intimidation; and that many
who did attend were prevented from voting through
violence, and in some cases that the polls were
closed and the ballots destroyed by a portion of
theemolled militia of the State of Missouri. He
claims that this intimidation, interference, and
violence were sufficient, being entirely directed
against him by the friends and supporters of the
respondent, to change the result m his district;
and a majoiity of the committeecamctothatcon-
clusion, and have so reported.
It was anticipated by the authorities in that
State—this being the first election attempted to be
held since the commencement of the rebellion—
that there would be some interference with those
who desired to attend, it; and consequently two
orders were issued by the authorities of the State
to the military stating whiStits duty was on the
occasion. As appears from these ordersand from
subsequent events it was anticipated that the
trouble would come from the enrolled militia; and
whatever interference there was at the polls did
come chiefly from theenrolledmilitia. lwillask
the Clerk to read General Order No. 33.
The Clerk read, as follows:
[General Order No. 33.]
IIeabquarters Seventh Military District,
iSr, Joseph, Missouri, November J,
The attention of all officers and soldieis of the militia of
this district is called to General Ordei ATo. 45, dated Head-
quarters State of Missouri, Adjutant General's Office, St.
Louis, October 23, 1862, with refeience to the election on
Tuesday next. The military fchould boar minind thai tliey
rue not the judges of the qualifications of voter*. That duty
is devolved by law on tin- judge ot the election. If these
officers either admit improper peisons to vote, or exclude
proper persons troin voting, the statutes ot tins State pro
vide an ample remedy. The mihtia will carefully abstain
from all acts calculated to mtcifere with the freedom of
election. All officers who interfere with the rights of voters?
will be reported to the Commander-in-Chief, to be#dra!t
with as he may decide. All soldiers guilty of the same of-
fense will be punished as a court-martiaj shall determine.
Bv older of Bneadier General Willard 1'. flail:
JGLWOOD KfRRY,
Assistant Jldjulant General.
