1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was passed that he would make a treaty with this
country, and that we would in consequence gain
great eommcrciul advantages. That was the ar-
gument I think of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. WASI1BURNE, of Illinois. Was this
made an issue in the recent election in Ohio ?
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Illinois was
very quick to interruptme. 1 do notknow whether
it was an issue in the last election, but it was in
the election shortly after. The law passed when
we were all reelected. I am therefore now only
carrying out the wishes of my constituents in mov-
ing to strike out these black ministers.
I was about to say that there was no commercial
purpose to be subserved by these ministers that
could not be subserved by consuls. It was said
when the law was passed that treaties would be
made by the ministers from Hayti and Liberia. It
soon came out that treaties had been made in Lon-
don by Mr. Adams, our minister to England, of
course on information furnished by consuls. This
expenditure of money to keep up acolorable rela-
tion with these black republics is not necessary—
it is fora purpose that can be more profitably kept
up by consuls. I believe that the salary is $7,500.
My friend from Massachusetts can tell me whether
that is so or not.
Mr. GOOCH. It is the same amount as is paid
to the commissioners to other countries. The gen-
tleman has made a speech in favor of continuing
ministers to places with which I believe there is
less actual commercial intercourse than there is
between the United States and Hayti and Liberia.
Mr. COX. But there is more political sig-
nificance in those to which the gentleman refers.
When this war is over I trust that the military
element left will sweep this continent from the
Canadas to the isthmus. I want American rep-
resentatives at the Central Ameiican States. I
want to see the Government expand in the right
direction. We have had contraction enough.
I hope—I know the hope is dim—for a belter
day,,when the old policy of a reunited Republic
shall pievail, and expansion, instead of contrac-
tion,shall be the paramount idea of the Republic.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman from Ohio is
entirely mistaken when he says I avowed or
acknowledged that any partisan consideration
entered into the action of this House when the
recognition of Hayti and Liberia was under con-
sideiation during the last Congress. I made no
such statement; no such admission. The dis-
tinguished gentleman from Kentucky, now de-
ceased, (Mr. Ciittendcn,) I recollect at that time
argued against the recognition of Hayti and Li-
beria because, he said, it involved a recognition
of the equality of the two races. I answered him
it involved no such thing; that it involved simply
a recognition of the equality of rights of the two
races. I recollect of thinking then, whether 1
said it or not, that he must be a very mean white
man who was unwilling to acknowledge that the
black man had an equality of lights with him
because he feared the black man uught excel him
in the race of life, and attain to positions which
he desired to occupy.
Now, I am aware the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] never lets an opportunity slip to move
to strike out the salaries which have been fixed
for the ministers to Hayti and Liberia. And it
must be, as the gentleman has avowed it to be
this morning, simply upon the ground that that
republic is a republic of block men and not of
wiiite men. It can be upon no other considera-
tion, for he has argued here this morning in favor
of appiopilations to pay ministers atsuveral for-
eign countries where our intercourse is very much
less with each one of them than it is with Ilavti
or Liberia.
I for one cannot understand why any gentle-
man can object to the recognition of the fact that
Hayti is an independent Government, a Govern-
ment which has maintained itselffor more than half
a century. I say I cannot understand why any
gentleman should object to the recognition of
that fact, especially since we have established and
aie now maintaining all the relations between this
Government and Hayti which exist between any
Governments upon earth. If they are a part of
the family of nations, they have political rights
in common with all others, and 1 think the Gov-
ernment of the United States should be the last
one to fail to recognize those rights, or fail to ac-
cord to them that simple measure of justice which
it has accorded to all other Powers of the earth.
The gentleman [Mr. Cex] speaks of the ex-
pansion of this country. He intimates that gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House have been op-
posed to that expansion. I deny it. I believe
gentlemen on this side of the House are as much
in favor of the extension and expansion of the
power of this Governmentas are gentlemen upon
the other side; but they desire it shall expand
upon principles which can be recognized and just-
ified by all mankind. While they desire to ex-
tend this Government and give the benefits of it
to those now perhaps out of its legitimate juris-
diction—or would be willing to do so under proper
circumstances—they also desire that every man
within its jurisdiction shall have the rights that
belong to each man that God has made. Thatis
the expansion we desire, and the expansion we
mean to have. We mean that this Government
shall expand; but we mean first it shall be admin-
istered on such principles that its expansion,
wherever it goes, shall carry with it freedom and
not slavery to every man, no matter what his
color, complexion, or condition.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Ohio
certainly knows that the motion he has made is
not very much in order. The places of these min-
isters are established by law, and these Govern-
ments are rccognized among the nations of the
earth. Ministers to them have been appointed
under laws already in existence. The gentleman
knows it is the duty of the committee, and the
duty of the House, to make appropriations to pay
salaries of ministers appointed by law, and that
we should be violating our duty if we rejected the
appropriation. The gentleman knows that, but
nevertheless he proposes an amendment which he
thinks an excellent thing to hang a political speech
upon; and that question which was decided two
years ago, when Iiayti was admitted by us to be
one of the nations of the earth, is now revived,
when in my judgment it should not be disturbed.
1 have nothing to say, sir, in regard to the asso-
ciation of the gentleman from Ohio, or anybody
else, with a black minister from Hayti. There is
no law to compel it that I know of, and if such a
minister should happen to visit the White House
I trust the*gentleman will never be in a position
when he will be obliged to receive him. [Laugh-
ter.] He will not be compelled to receive him un-
less he is in such a position. It will be a matter
of election altogether.
I know, sir, there is a particular party in this
country, as well as sporadic cases in all parties,
that look a great deal more in their associations
to the accidental color of the slun or the shape of
the face than to the intellect and merit of the hu-
man beings with whom they are called upon to
associate, and that that is made one of the grand
cardinal principles of a great party in this country.
Now, sir, I do not know that ever I shall come
across men of dark color of the same intelligence
as white men. I have seen some that I thought
not much inferior to most of us, and I, for my
part, have no kind of bashfuincss in talking to
such a gentleman, if he talks politely, as they
usually do; but it is a matter of taste altogether.
1 hope, however, that we shall not be less liberal
than a very rich colored merchant in Jamaica
that I heard a gentleman from Boston, who had
dined with him, speak of. He said, m the course
of conversation, to this gentleman, a highly in-
telligent and veiy rich man with whom he was :
dining, that he had no prejudices about color;
that he would never prefer a man of color, and
that he would jusL as soon dmo with a man as
while as his table-cloth. [Laughter.] It made
no difference to him. But we have these preju-
dices, and cannot rise above them; we must bring
them into politics; we must talk as if one patty
preferred these associations to another. There
is no such thing, sir, m this country. It is mere
political slang. Who shall be our associates arc
questions of our own choice, our own taste. Our
political laws are cither to give equal rights to
every human being, or they ere to crush the. one
and elevate the other upon his ruin. Let those
-who still adhere to the latter notion cairy it out;
but, sir, I agree with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Goocn] that although this Repub-
lic will expand over this continent, so also will
the principles of liberty expand, and they will
not be connucd by Mason and Dixon's line or by
any other line, but will spread throughout the
whole continent and over every human soul upon
its soil.
The question was taken on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
The Clerk read the following clause:
For expenses, under the act of Congress to carry into
effect ttie treaty between the United States and lier Britan-
nic Majesty, for the suppression of the African slave trade,
$17,000. '
Mr. KERNAN. I desire to ask a question of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways'and
Means, because, in the time I have had to exam-
ine this bill, I have not been able to understand
this appropriation precisely, but, very likely, he
will be able to explain it. I find that in the act
of the 11th of July, 1863, there was an appropri-
ation to carry out this treaty with Great Britain,
providing for the payment of salaries to three
judges—one at New Vork, one at the Cape of Good
Hope, and one at Sierra Leone—of $2,500 each,
and three arbitrators, one at New York, having
$l,0G0,and each of the others §2,000. That makes
$12,500, and I do not find any law or any expla-
nation beyond what I state, why this appropria-
tion should be $17?000 rather than $12,500. 1 de-
sire to inquire why the amount is thus increased?
Mr. STEVENS. We appropriated $17,000
last year, it seems to me.
Mr. KERNAN. That is true. J looked at that;
but there is no explanation why the amount was
increased.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I presume there were
other expenses beyond the salaries, and it was to
include those that we made the additional appro-
priation.
Mr. KERNAN. Allow me to suggest that the
law provides for no other expenses, and the es-
timates give us no details. 1 do not, of course,
mean to insinuate that the appropriation is not
correct, and yet it seems to me that we ought not
to vote it on the assumption that it is right, par-
ticularly when the estimates call for no such ap-
propriation to carry out the treaty.
I agree with the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that where the law fixes a
salary, we are not, in appropriating it, creating
the salary, but only voting the money to pay it;
but the law, in this case, only provides for sala-
ries amounting to $12,500, and it seems to me that
we should ascertain from some source where the
remaining $4,500 goes before we vote it. I move
to strike out " $17,000," and to insert, in lieu
thereof, "$12,500."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and, the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pendleton reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 40, making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 1865, and had
directed him to report the same back with an amend-
ment, in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was adopted, and
the bill, as amended, was ordeicd to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPKRS.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia,
the petition and papers of Alexander Hays were
withduuvn from the files of the House, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
