1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr WILKINSON. The vote on this very
amendment will be a most important vote, and I
think the proposition of the Senator from Ohio is
correct, to let it go over in order that it may be
more tally considered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I differ with the Sen-
ator from Minnesota as to the question of time.
This is a bill that in my opinion should be voted
upon at the very earliest day; or else we should
stop enlisting black men. The idea of calling into
the service of the United States soldiers and not
being able or willing to guaranty to their families
freedom is to me a proposition most unjust in its
character. 1 am extremely desirous that the bill
shall pass securing freedom to the wives and chil-
dren of the soldiers; and while thus anxious,' 1
shall vote against remunerating the owners of
those wives and children, or giving them one cent.
Guaranty freedom and square accounts between
the master and the slave—that is justicc.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill until
Thursday next.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 voted this morning to post-
pone the bill that came from the committee on
freedmen and slavery until after next Wednes-
day, in order to give precedence to the joint reso-
lution in charge of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] and I thought there was a propriety
in doing that because there was no pressnroupon
. us to pass the bill which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] had 111 charge. But here
is a bill which, it seems to me, it is very import-
ant that we should pass at an early day in some
shape or other, either in the shape in which the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] pre-
sents it to us, and winch I do not really approve,
or as proposed to be amended by the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] or as proposed to
be amended by the Senator Irom Missouri, [Mr.
Brown,] andl do notknow of any bill that is be-
fore us or that is likely to be before us to-day
winch deserves the careful and the immediate at-
tention of Congress more than this bill does; not
that it is perfect now, for I do not think it is, but
I think we should perfect it and put it m such a
condition that it will be made efficient. If it be
made efficient it will become a means of strength-
ening the armies of the United States more than
almost any bill which we are likely to have un-
der consideration.
i trust the Senate will not postpone the bill. I
do not know of anything that is of more import-
ance. What is the proposition which is fixed for
next Wednesday ? It is to propose to the several
States of the Union to amend the Constitution of
the United States so as to abolish slavery. No-
body supposes that those States are going to meet
in their Legislative Assemblies and adopt that
constitutional amendment under a year or two.
"What effect i<? that to have on the provisions of
the bill which the Senatof from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] is attempting to get the Senate to
adopt? None whatever.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend now to en-
gage in a debate on this bill; but I suggested in
its discussion a long time ago practical difficulties
which the Senator liom Massachusetts has not
met. Who is the wife of a slave ? Who is the
child of a slave ? What is the use of passing this
bill without employing some definite and distinct-
ive language that will embrace the persons whom
it is designed to embrace? I agree that it would
bo monstrous to allow the wife and the children,
as we understand the meaning of the words, of a
man who has served his country in this war to
be slaves tor life. Some piovision ought to be
made for their emancipation; but certainly it
should not be made in this loose and general
phraseology.
I discussed this subject at length here once be-
fore, and I will not now repeat the argument 1
then used. If it is intended to make tins bill the
basis of a general scheme of emancipation, itdoes
not contain the provisions nccessary for thatpur-
posc, and I think the best beginning of any gen-
eral scheme of emancipation (and 1 will favor it)
is to commence with a constitutional amendment, '•
which I believe can be made and mgiafted in the ,!
Constitution much sooner than the Senator fiom j:
Massachusetts supposes. [|
Mr. GRIMES.' Allow me to sOggest that we
have three propositions before us; one the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, proposing to
ratify the President's proclamation of January 1,
Several Senators. That was withdrawn.
Mr. GRIMES. Only withdrawn for the mo-
ment," as the Senator from Missouri said.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is scarcely enough
in any of these propositions to be made the basis
of a general law providing for the emancipation of
slaves.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator from Ohio
permit me to make a suggestion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Ohio has
alluded on one or two occasions to the objection
which he has again presented—the question who
is the wife of a slave and who is the child of a
slave; and yet he says he is willing to have some
general law made on the subject which shall solve
the doubt. But the Senator should remember that
is a question of fact which we shall be iustasable
to get atunderthis proposition offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts as we shall beunderany
other general law. It is well known to the Sen-
ator and to all othersconversant with ths subject
that the local laws of the slave States do not rec-
ognize marriage among the slaves; but I appre-
hend that no geneial system, nor any specification
which we could here make, would change the
state of facts, the actual relationship of husband
and wife and parent and child that exist under that
local law. There is, therefore, really no point or
force in the objection which the Senator makes,
unless he intends to exclude from the benefit of
freedom all who may not have taken outalicense
or obtained a master's assent prior to anyunion.
But, as has been well -observed by the Senator
who preceded me, neither common sense nor com-
mon law accept any such limitation on the mar-"
riage relation under such circumstances as those
which surround populations in a state of bond-
age. .
You have got a practical matter to deal with.
You have the fact before you that these colored
soldiers are going into the Army of the United
States. You have the further fact before you that
slave owners arc hounding on a persecution in the
border States and selling the wives and children of
those soldieis, making merchandise of their flesh
and blood, and doing it as a punishment for their
entry into our Army as volun ecersfor our defense.
And shall we tolerate that scene ? Shall we legis-
late here sending men day after day to sacrifice
their lives for our protection, and yet sit quietly
by with no legislation to prevent and see others
sending the wives and the children of those men
day after day into further and harsher bondage
because they have done so? If that is not a sub-
ject worthy of the attention of the Senate of the
United States, I do now know what can fitly move
this body to determined interposition.
Mr. President, permit me to say that the con-
dition of affairs m the State ofMissouri, as repre-
sented by theSenatorfrom Massachusetts, as rep-
resented by the public press, as represented by
hundreds of letters in my own possession, is in
this respect utterly disgraceful, and it ought to be
righted now and not put oilfor a future day. There-
fore it is that this question ought to be taken up
at the eaxhest moment and acted upon. You can-
not remitit in view of yourconstitutional amend-
ment. That is going to cover a period of years.
You have no other legislation before you that pro-
poses to right this wrong. Why, then, shall you
let it go over, why shall you refuse to act upon it,
why shall you raise technical objections, when this
gross and glaring outrage which is a disgrace to
the nation is being perpetrated every day before
your eyes? I trust that we may insist upon the
passage of this bill as amended by the Senator
fiom Wisconsin, before proceeding to take up any
other business.
Mr. SHERMAN. My answer is this: when
I propose to make a guaiantec, I want to make
that guarantee effective. I say there is no propo-
sition here pending before us now that will make
the guarantee effective. If this bill shall pass, it
wiifnot be effective; it will not reach the persons
whom you desire to reach. The appropriation
provided for in the second section is totally in-
definite, without limits and without restraint.
You enable commissioners, to be appointed under
the general enrollment law, to reach their hand
into the public Treasury, without any control by
Congress or any supervision hy any auditing
officer of the Treasury Department. The whole
system embraced in this bill is totally impracti-
cable. By the second section you authorize a
simple commission, provided for by the enrollment
act, to assess the value of the wives children
of these slaves, and you require the money to be
paid out of the Treasury on their assessment,
without any control, or any limif', or any super-
vision. You do notknow how much you appro-
priate by this bill.
I say we must not legislate blindly. It seema
to me that the proper way is by a carefully con-
sidered amendment of the Constitution to wipe
out the whole system of slavery, not to do it by
piecemeal, not kill the dog by detachments, but
destroy the institution of slavery in the proper
way by a constitutional amendment. Suppose
that shall take a year, what of it? It will then be
•thoroughly done, done according to law, done ac-
cording to the existing Constitution, done in the
mode provided by the Constitution, so that neither
courts nor lawyers will be able to find any fault
with it or to pick any flaws in it.
Sir, there are grave questions of constitutional
power involved in this proposition which I will
not now discuss. The general object proposed
to be accomplished I desire as much as anyone;
but I want to do it in an effective way, and I think
it is much wiser for us to defer all these proposi-
tions in regard to slavery until we can by a gen-
eral plan,basedupon a constitutional amendment
proposed by Congress and submitted to the peo-
ple, aided by ancillary legislation, wipe out the
whole system in the mode provided by the Con-
stitution , and thus relieve ourselves and those wha
come after us here from the discussion of thi*
subject in all time to come.
Mr. GRIMES. The suggestions of the Senar
tor from Ohio in regard to the defects of the bil
would be very substantial arguments against th*
bill itself on its passage, or in favor of commit-
ting it to a committee to be amended; but that i*
not his proposition. His proposition is to post-
pone it until next Thursday, until after we shaL
have acted on some other bill, and then this bill ii
to come up again to be acted upon. So far as re-%
lates to the section of the bill to which he has re-
ferred, that providing for taking money from thi
Treasury, I am opposed to that section, and i
propose to vote against it; but I insist that we
shall go on to perfect the bill as far as we may be
able to perfect it to-day; and if we do not suc-
ceed in doing it to-day, we can postpone it until
to-morrow or the next succeeding day, and so go
on, and get it in such a shape that it shall be ac-
ceptable to a majority of the members of the Sen-
ate and to the people of the country.
I do not apprehend that there is going to be any
great trouble in ascertaining who are the wives
and children of these men. As has been well said
by the Senator from Missouri, we all know that
the laws of the slave States do not recognize the
relation of husband and wife, or parent-arid child,
but we recognize the fact that such relations do
de facto exist, and that is enough for our purpose;
it ought to be enough; and wc shall be justified
by the people of the country who sent us herein
regarding it as enough for all the purposes of this
bill.
1 have had, and I think my colleague has had,
communications fiom Missouri, from General
Pile, who has charge of enlisting colored troops
there, that I was authorized to use, and if I sup-
posed this bill was coming up to-day, I should
have brought them here and read them to the Sen-
ate, that they might go to the country, to show
what atrocities are being committed by some of
the men who profess to be the owners of slaves
because some of those slaves have volunteered to
enter the public service as soldiers. It is to pre-
vent these atrocities, it is to right a great wrong,
that I would go on and act upon this bill to-day,
and not postpone it until the middle or the latter
part of next week, in order that we may be in-
volved in a debate on the question of amending
the Constitution which may take two or three
weeks to find a passage through the Senate; and
after wc have got it through the Senate and the
other House, what then? It is to be sent to the
legislatures of the States, and it is to be ratified by
each one or by a certain number of those bodies,
