2156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
May 6,
Mr. GANSON* Mr. Speaker, General Order
No. 45, issued prior to that on the 23d of October,
1862, directed by the fifth clause that in case of
disturbances arising at the election which could
not be arrested by the civil authorities, any com-
missioned officer present should, at the request of
any judge, sheriff, or justice of the peace, use the
necessary military force to suppress it. It is due
to the superior omeers of the State and of the Fed-
eral Government to declare that no other inten-
tion, so far as the evidence in this case discloses,
was manifested on their part than that the elec-
tion held there should be free from any interfer-
ence on the part of the military authorities.
But it was anticipated that such an interference
would come from a portion of the enrolled militia
of the State; and it was by reason of that appre-
hension that these orders were so explicitly made
in this case, directed to the officers and soldiers of
the militia, informing them as to what their rights
and duties were in .the matter; that they were not
to interfere in any distance unless called upon
l>y the civil authorities, and that if they did inter-
fere they would be held amenable to martial law.
Notwithstanding these precautions on thepart
of the authorities, there was interference in some
parts of that district from a portion of the armed
militia of the State; and as that interference was,
in the opinion of the majority of the committee,
. being ail directed against the contestant, they hold
that the election was a nullity, nnd came to the
conclusion to refer both candidates back to the
people, that a fair and full expression of opinion
might be given at the polls.
1 now propose, in the first place, to have a portion
of the evidence taken in this case read by the Clerk
to this House, that the members may see from
the evidence itself what the character and extent
of this interference was. I will firsthave read, in
reference to the interference in Buchanan county,
the evidence of Samuel Ensworth, who was the
sheriff of the county, who swore that ho was a
supporter of the sitting member, General Loan,
that he attended the polls with the intention of
voting for him, but that from the interference on
the part of .the militia, although he was invested
with authority by law to keep the peace, he be-
came entirely disgusted and came to the conclusion
that the election in that locality at least wasa mock-
ery, and left the place without voting. I mention
these facts particularly, because I see in the mi-
nority report that the evidence is said to be by
the partisans of the contestant. The first evidence
that I will ask the Clerk to read is that of a sup-
porter of the respondent himself, the sheriff of the
county, whose duty it was to keep the peace at
the polls.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Samuel Ensworth, tlx; sheriff of Buchanan county,
who swote that he was a fiiend of the eontestre, and had
intended to vote (or lam, te>tified as follows*
"I was* sheiiffot the comity ot Cuchanan, Mk-souii, and
was at thiee different precincts ot voting. I w,h nvn oi
lluee tunes at the Allen hotel. The votes woie. taken in
ji room with two doois, and the members of the milma
guajded each door wilh hajonet* eroded ; and to got the
pi ivilege lo go to the poih I had to ask the pei minion of the
judges, ahhotu'h it was my duty to attend at the election
and bupeiinieud the .same. I did not then sec any olhet m-
terfciencc. i was at Hie polls at the tn.uket-hou-e, which
was alter the disturbance commenced. 1 Mailed tip the
btaii^ At the head oi the Man-* wa • a pei -on in tiie unt
foun of the mihti-i. The old man (,amnion came op the
opposite Man-. Lang-ton had .l ticket in his hand, and
tin priMHi in uniioi ni asked linn to -see Ins ticket, Luiif.'--
ton handed him In-? ticket; lie took the tiekei and tore if
up, and dtovc LatuMon down. Theie wa< eons-oletable
commotion mound the market house, f went into the
room wheie vote:- weie ifikcn. and rhe place of voting was
surrounded by a ciowd oi excited person>, and -<oine seemed
atiaid to pieM-nt their vote-, and so stated to me; hut per-
sons who ignored the elect ion o! t lie com i nee-; hail no ieais.
not reined to dicad ai>v d mrt-T l.om oif.-tjug to \ ic, in
the excited crowd, and tlio.se thai mtiniidafeii the persons
from voting, weie Union clothed sobiift-. | wn^ not at
the couif house until a'terthe vnuntr th<ie wa- discon-
tinued. Hut when I was at the coti;f-hou-v the place
seemed to be under Ihe contto! of a-"et ot peisons who be-
longed to the milma, with then arm>.
'• About nine oi ten o'clock in flic tnoi ning I r*iw one of
those itiiliti'i have a youtur man who was leadntir in niv
ofhee in custod\, matching him off to the guaid-house. I
wanted to know the rc.uoii ofhis airesi. {Jc sfii(t lie was
ordeied to ane-t all persons who voted, if they bad been
carolled under Otdei ;24. i went to the place wlieie he, w ,i«s
put undei guard; theie J saw the ofiicci of the day. He
s-nid lie was ordered by Colonel fcSevoiance to have all Mich
per->on*> as tested.'**
IVh\ GANSON. Thin Colonel Severance war.
a candidate fur S'ate Senator in the State, and
was associated on the same ticket with the sitting
membci •
The Clerk resumed the reading of the evidence
of Samuel Ensworth, as follows:
%i While I was there the orders came and ordered the
release of the pn^oncrs, which wa? done. After dinner,
and visiting the piecincts at the court-hou«e and market-
bou^o, I came to the conclusion thai there could not be
any full, fan, oi f«ee c\pte>siou of opinion <it tiie polls,
and did not look aftei the election, and did not vote, ami
advisedothers that it was useless to vote." * * *
"1 tlnnk there were at least one thousand votes that
were not taken on account of improper influences brought
to bear against the voters." *****
l< In the mornins, or soon after the polls were opened at
the m.nket-house, when but few votes were taken, Hugh
Louthen and -several others applied theie to have their votes
enrolled, and offered to take the conventional oattf. One
of the judges objected, and said Louthen insisted upon h'is
right, to vote; and one of the judges told him tluit if he
voted he would he arrested, lie still said he would vote,
and did vote, and I think he was ariested. I cannot say
that I saw any one turned off, nor any other intimidation
there." * * * * ******
Question. How did j*ou intend to vote between Biuce
and Loan? *
" Answer. I should have voted for Mr. Loan." (Pages
1, V2, and 13.)
Mr. GANSON. I desire the Clerk to read the
affidavit of Cyrus E. Kemp, clerk of election at
St. Joseph, Buchanan county.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Cytu^fi. Kemp, clerk of election at Sf. Joseph, in Buch-
anan county, tosh ties as follows:
F was clerk at the election at the court-house precinct on
the 4th of November, 1862, at which Boii|amm F. Loan and
John P. Biuee weie. candidates lor Congress. The election
pioceeded pietty quietly until about one o'clock. At that
time a band of enrolled militiamen entered thecouit-hou.se,
at which time the voters th en present dispersed. The judges
left the table. I handed my book to Mr. Geotge Meilatt,
out: of the judges of the election. I saw nothing more of
the book until it was letumed by Captain Hax, officer of
the day, and General Willard P. Hall. The poll-book was
returned in about one half hour alter it was taken. The
polls were then again opened, and new judges appointed
by tiic bystanders, under the direction of the sheriff The
election then pioceeded quietly for about one half hour.
There was a great ciowd around the table at that ume of
persons who had been sworn before voting. Jtis-tat this
time another company of the en tolled iruhtia, armed, about
twenty m number, came into the loom and closed around
the table, and foiccd the vote is- back and fccatteied them in
all dneetions. Some of them jnmpedout ot the windows.
The judges aNo immediately Jolt the table,and f could not
conceal "the poll book m time to prevent the militiamen
fiom deploying it by tcaiing it to pieces. The militiamen
fenced my poll-book while I was yet sitting at thc.table,
and toie it into strips and threw it on the floor. They had
muskets m their bands. The election was then biokenup
for the second tune, and the polls were not any more re-
opened at the court-house." * * * ^ *
•k Question, .state 11 you kuowabouthow many votes had
been taken at that piecinol prior to the destruction of the
poll-books.
" Answer. I cannot tell cxactly, but think there had been
about one bundled votes, polled.
Question. If >oii have any knowledge, state how those
votes weie cast as between John P. Bruce and Benjamin
F. Loan, candidates tor Congress.
<• . I think about nine tenths of those votes were
cast lor John P. Biuee." * * * * * *
u On Ins oio.ss-e\ainmatiori this witness testifies :
" Theie weie about twenty who had been sworn and ready
to vote. 1 do not know fm cet tain who they were going to
vote for, but my impieshion was that th'w weie going to vote
lot John P. Biuee. JiM at this tune the company of enrolled
nnlttia entered the room, and the voters all left the table,
heimreiowdedaway by the imlitia,and thus prevented Itom
voting. This was at the time the poll-books were torn up."
(( Did any of these twenty men «ay to you or
the judge  of election who they weie going to vote lor foi
Connies-?.
(( Jhiswcr. They did not.
'' Question. Then why do you state that it was your mi
pietJMOn that these twenty men weie going to vote lot &aid
John P. Hiuce ?
k< .'hitirry. Simply because the votes were .ill beimr cast
for John P. Bruce at thai time, and tli.it is what I based my
impression upon ; and I think it was a very correct impres-
MOII.
'• Question. How do you know that tlies-e twenty men
vou <peak ot were legally qualified voteis?
"• jinsv cr. i do not knpw anything about tiiat; but the
judges weie willing I oi them to vote, and th.it they had taken
the conventional oath." (Page 1G.)
Mr. GANSON. I ask the Clerk now to read
the affidavit of James A. Matney, one of the
judges of election, upon the same point.
The Clerk read, as follows:
u James A. Matney, one of the judges of the election at
the coiut-hou.se nf^r. Joseph, Buchanan couutj, testified
as follow 5:
" About one o'clock on the day of the election I came
up to the com t-hou-e piccmct for the purpose of voting.
When f cdiue theie I iound no judsiesot the election. The
clerks were present with thvir poll-books, also quite a num-
ber of poisons who seemed to be anxious to vote. Alter
some lime spent the ciowd of voters pioceeded to elect
iiuig(sfiom the bystanders, selecting James 3>. (•>"Toole,
Robott Clark, and myself as ^aid judges, and were duly
■ qualified by the clmk of the county couu to p:oceed wuh
the election Alter rive ot mx votes wei-  taken and en-
! teied on the poll book*-by the cleiks. fiom fifteen to twenty-
i five airned men enteied, in the diess of the emoJled inilitid
of the Stajte of Missouri, aimed with muskets, or such other
weapons as the State of Missouri furnished her soldiers,
with fixed bayonets. When they entered the room the first
woidlheaidwas, 'Getawayfromhere; getoutfiomhere.'
[ look it that language wasaddressed to the ciowd of voters
around the polls,'and they so understood itby their actions,
as they left as quick as they could get away. As soon as
the voters left, and as soon as these armed men could reach
the table where the poU-booKs were lying, they seized the
poll-books and tore them to pieces. The crowd of voters
being dispersed, there was no further effort made to vote at
the couiMiouse precinct that evening."
* * * * * * ****
" Without any intimidation or threats prior to or on the
day of the election, there would have been between eight
hundred and one thousand more votes polled at the Novem-
ber election, 1862, m Buchanan county, in my judgment."
Mr. GANSON. I ask the Clerk next to read
the deposition of John Scott:
"John Scott testifies as to mteifeience at the market-
hou.se picciuct, in St. Joseph, as follows:
"} attended the election aforesaid at St. Joseph, in Buch-
anan county. I voted at the market-house precinct early
after the polls were opened. Some hours afterwards I was
told that the military weie interfering at that precinct. I
immediately went there to see for myself. The soldiers,
without arms, except sidc-arnis, were there m considerable
timbers, and they were preventing any one from approach-
ing the polls except such as they were satisfied would vote
the ticket called tiie unconditional Union ticket, on which
was the name of Benjamin F. Loan, for Congress. If men
insisted on voting the ticket called the Union ticket, on
which the name of John P. Bruce appeared tor Congress,
he was forcibly cjuctcd troiri the room by the soldiers, and
in some instances I saw them kicked down the'staira, and
otherwise abused. In the afternoon 1 was at the court-
house piecinct, and while there I saw some fifteen or
twenty armed boldiersapproach with bayonctsfived. They
cleared the ante-room, and marched into the room where
the polls were opened, and drove the voters out, and, as I
wa& infonned tore up the poll-books." (Page 39.)
Mr. GANSON. I next desire the deposition
of Benjamin Cunningham.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Henjamiu C. Cunningham testifies as to arrests, &c.,
at the maiket-liouse piecinet, as follows :
" I went down to the market-house with the intention
of voting foi John P. 13ruce for Congress, but was pi evented
by pel Sons dieted m the garb of .soldiers. I was standing
at the maiket-hous.0 precinct,and T think about three men,
dressed in the garb of f-oldiers, said that the election should
stop, and put all the voters, and everybody out of the house.
1 \vent back the second time to vote, and was arrested and
taken to the guaid-house; after a few moments I was re-
leased, and I did not attempt to vote any rnoic.
"Question. What paity seemed to be making tins dis-
turbance, the friends of B. F. Loan or John P. Uruce ?
" Jinswer. f think they were the friends of Mr. Loan.
" Question. What do you think would have been the
difference in the election if it had been conducted fanly?
"insurer. I think that John P*. Bj uce would have gotten
eight hundied or one thousand more votes if the election
had been conducted fanly." (Page 4U.)
Mr. GANSON. I desire the Clerk next to read
the testimony of John J. Abel), for the purpose,
among other things, of showing to the House
that persons were furnished with a list of names
containing eight hundred or one thousand per-
sons who were to be deprived of the right of
voting if possible; thatmanypersons went there,
read their names on that list and were deterred
from voting by the threat of being disturbed at
the polls.
The Clerk read, as follows:
k< John J. AUell testified as to.disturbancesatthe niarket-
hou«c as follows:
" i am a resident of St. Joseph, Misf-ouri, and have been
for nine years, and am engaged m selling drug* m tins city.
J" attended the election iu November, 180*2, lor Uongiess-
men nnd other officers. Soon after the polls weie opened
X s'aited to the market-house to vote. J then heatd that
pcrs-sons weie being arretted for voting. I went to General
Hall, who was in command, and told him that they wer«
ai resting persons, when he expressed gtcat surprise. 1 told
him fhal 1 wanted to vote, but I did not want to be kept in
the guard-house or jail. I then went, and offered to vote,
and theie was considerable hesitation with the judges
u liethei they would icceive iny vote or not; but they did
receive my vote, and as soon as I voted the guaid ariPftcd
rue. I afked him why he aricstcd me. He then hhowed
me a printed list of between eight arid nine hundred n<unes*.
My name was on that list, and he was ordered to arrest all
wlio&e names were on that li>t. I asked bun who gave
him MU'h authority He ^aid by order of Captain JI^x, who
was odieer of the dav. 1 was then taken to the euard-
house, wiiore 1 found ei^iit others; and myself aiul the
others leecivcd a gieat deal of abu-e lroiu a paicel of Ger-
maii.s who were on guaid there. When I went to General
Hall he told nse that if i was anested to let lum know.
When f was taken by the guaid J wrote to Geneja! Hall
that myself and eight othcis were confined in the jjimkI-
housefoi voting. "He bent down and had us released. "On
leaving the guaul-housci picked up one of the lists of tho-e
who were to be arretted if they attempted to vote, and have
got it vet. if was soon rumored aiound that f h.id the list
ol those who weie to be arrested for voting, and persons
! weie calling nearly all day to see if their names weie on
; the list, and it they weie they Jul not attempt lo vote,sny-
i ing that they did not wHt to be mtenupted. I have no
i doubt lhat all t'no.se who wei^ on that l^t were the fnends
I of John P. 13iuee. and I think tnat the most ol them would
I have voted for John P. Biuee if theiehad been a fair, peace-
