$132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
June 21,
car as white persons; that there was no distinc-
tion in their right to ride in the cars and enjoy
all the privileges of that mode of passage and to
all the remedies for refusal. Senators deliber-
ately decided that such was the true interpretation
of theouginal charter; and now after a. vote of
the Senate, after a decision of the question, upon
examination in the full form by reference to a
committee and report and discussion and vote,
why is it necessary to be tacking on to bills an
amendment that simply amounts to nothing at all,
a provision that has been decided by the Senate
not to be necessary ? Upon thatground, that the
Senate may not stultify itself, I shall vote against
this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia forgets that after the report of the commit-
tee to which he refers the Senate did fasten upon
a bill this very provision,and therefore, according
to the assertion of the Senator, did stultify itself.
1 presume the Senator voted against the proposi-
tion, for he would not have acted naturally if he
had not; and i presume he will now vote against
this proposition, for he would not act naturally
if he did not.
But the Senator argues that now in point of
law colored persons may enter into any car. lie
knows that in point of fact they are excluded.
I tis not enough to say they have a remedy at law.
They are poor; they are humble; they have not
the means to obtain it; and it belongs to us, as
Senators, it belongs to the Senator from West
Virginia who has the privilege of a seat on this
floor, and who from his own observation must
know that they arc excluded from the cars, when,
as he says, in point of law they ought not to be
excluded—I say it belongs to us all, and it be-
longs to that Senator especially, to aid m secur-
ing to them their rights. Those rights cannot be
effectually secured to thorn except by such a pro-
vision as 1 now move.
Mr. YV1LLEY. I do not know whether I am
acting more " mvturaliy"in voting ngainsta prop-
osition of this character: I do not know that I
have any 14 natural" inclination to rule in cms
with negroes, i suppose that is the "natural"
inclination of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts. If it is, he lias a perfect privilege, as
this Senate has decided, to indulge the inclina-
tion of his nature under the law as it now exists.
There is nothing in the world to prevent it. He
may follow out his natural instincts in that re-
spect and I can follow mine under the law as
it now is, lie can ndc with negroes if he sees
proper; so may 1; but if 1 see proper not to do so
i whail follow my natural instincts while he fol-
lows Ins.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote for this amend-
ment, and my own observation in these carscon-
vinces me that justice, not to say decency, re-
quites that L should do so. Some weeks ago I
rode to the Capitol in one of theso cars. On the
fiont part of the car, standing with the driver,
were, I think, five cletgymen of the Methodist
Episcopal church, diessed like gentlemen and be-
having hire gentlemen. These cleigvnien were
ruling with the driver on the front platfoim, and
inside tiie car were two drunken loafeis conduct-
ing and behaving themselves so badly that the
conductor threatened to turn them out. 1 thought
that sight was a fair illustration of this exclusion
of colored persons from the rail way cars. These
were men of intelligence and of character, uding
on the outside of the car, and a couple of ragged,
drunken loafers inside, cursing and swearing, and
the conductor threatening to turn them out of the
car. You may often see in these cars every soit
of person beside you, and well dres.sed colored
people, women too, and on cold and rainy days,
thrust out on the front platform with the driver.
We aie toid that this company has no light to
make this distinction. We do not believe they
have any such ught; but still, in defiance of the
law and in defiance of decency, they persevere
in this practice, i rode down with some mem-
beis of the Actuate last night in a car, and out on
tiie front [tart with the driver were respectable,
we'J-dresseU colored persons, of both sexes, i
shall therefoie vote foi this amendment, and let
this company understand thot they ate acting not
only in deiiance of their charter, but m defiance
of the will of Congress.
M r. TRUMIjULL. I recollect some year* a^.o
when southern inilueuces prevailed in this Cham-
ber, and the legislation of the country was in favor
of slavery, and what is called the slave power
dominated here, that they sometimes passed laws
and put into them provisions that were offensive,
for the very purpose, as it seemed to me, of of-
fending the people of the North who did not be-
lieve in the divinity of slavery or in the propriety
of its spread. I recollect the fugitive slave law
of 1850 seemed to have been drawn in that spirit,
as if it was drawn by a person not simply to se-
cure the return of slaves who escaped from their
masters, but to make it^s odious as it was pos-
sible to make it to every anti-slavery man in the
country. I thought that that legislation was
wicked; that it was calculated to alienate one por-
tion of the people from another, to alienate differ-
ent sections of the country, and produce bad feel-
ing. I believe it did have that elfect. I recollect
that one of the provisions of that odious law, as
I tegarded it, was that it should be the duty of
every man to assist in catching fugitive slaves,
imposing it as a duty on every man to hunt after
slaves and return them to their masters—the im-
position of an act upon an anti-slavery man which
the slave-masters would not do in the South.
Slave-masters would not be guilty of going out
and hunting after runaway negroes; and yet that
law had that odious feature in it, making it the
duty of every man in a free State, who wanted to
have nothing to do with slavery, to be active and
vigilant in catching the runaway negroes. There
was no efficacy in that provision. Although the
law said it should be the duty of every man to
aid in recapturing slaves, no penalty was attached
to the requirement; if a man did not exert him-
self Eo catch a runaway slave he was subjected to
no penalties, and the provision could only have
been inserted in the law because it was distaste-
ful to the anti-slavery men of the country.
Now, sir, another party is in power. 1 am glad
that a party is in power which does not believe
in the divinity of slavery. But, sir, let us not
fall into the same error that the advocates of sla-
very fell into. It is admitted here by the Sena-
tor who moves this amendment that the law now
is that there can be no distinction as to color in
regard to passengers, it is admitted that the law
now is that this company has no authority to
exclude a person on account of color. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts admits that to be the
law.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why do you want
to repeat it? So as to make it offensive to some-
body ? So us to make it distasteful to somebody?
Mr. SUMNER. Because in point of fact  
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because they will not
obey the law. Will they obey it any more when
you put it into the charter? Does that alter it?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all in a legal point
of view. Need Isay to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that the legal rights of the colored man
are no greater when tins provision is adopted than
if it is left out? lie has his same remedy with the
provision out as he has with it in. Why put it
theie? it is offensive to some persons, offensive
to a great many. 1 myself have seen within ten
days the very state of things stated here to-night
by the Senator from Delaware. 1 was in one of
the cats which was tolerably full, and among
others sat a negro upon one of the seats. A num-
ber of ladies came in. i for onegot up and gave
my seat to a lady; but that negro sat there and
held his seat when man after man got up and gave
their seats to the ladies that came m. I am not
complaining that that v/as so, lie had just as
good a right to retain his seat as anybody else,
just as good anght, 1 admit, as the Senator from
Alassachu setts 
Mr. SUMNER. Why refer to it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 refer to it so that you
may know that negroes do ride in the cars. It
may have been agieeable to the tastes of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, he may have liked to
see it; but I confess 1 should have preferred to
see the negro give his seat to some of those ladies,
it may have suited him better that he should not;
he had a right to retain his seat and he did retain it.
This provision proposed to be put into this bill
can only be put m because it is distasteful to
somebody to enact it into a law. I am willing to
go for any measure that can accomplish good;
but the right of the negro to ride in the cars upon
this city railroad is not affected in the least by
the provision offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; and he knows it, he admits it. His
right is as perfect and complete without it as with
it, just as complete as was the right of the slave-
owner to reclaim his slave without putting in the
law that odious feature declaring it to be the duty
of the Senator from Massachusetts and myself to
aid and be vigilant in recapturing the negro slave
who was escaping from his master. That did
not give any additional strength to that law; it
was an odious feature; it ought never to have
been inserted in it. This provision can give no
additional right to the negro. It is not to remove
a restriction.
Sir, the country is being misled by these pro-
visions. Senators speak of them as removing a
restriction. I want it to be known that there is
no restriction; 1 want it to be understood by the
Senate and the country that under the law as it
is the negro has the same right to ride in these
cars as the white man, and this amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts has no binding effi-
cacy whatever; it is only out of the abundance
of his zeal to put upon the law a provision with-
out a meaning that he offers it here and presses
it time and again upon the Senate. I call upon
the Senator from Massachusetts to tell me any
right secured to the colored man by this provision
that he does not have without it. I deny that
there is any.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois in former days was a sincere, intel-
ligent, devoted supporter of the Wilmot Proviso.
As I understand that proviso it was simply a pro-
hibition of slavery in the Territories. Now, I
know not whether the Senator held, asl did, that
even without that proviso, by a strict interpreta-
tion of the Constitution, slavery could not go into
the Territories. I presume he did; most of us
did; for myself, I held itresolutely and sincerely.
1 always regarded the Wilmot Proviso, if the
Constitution were properly interpreted, as mere
surplusage, as a mere work of supererogation;
and yet I never hesitated, in season and out of
season, to vindicate it; and I believe the Senator
never hesitated in season and out of season to do
the same. I remember that my earliest admira-
tion of that Senator was founded on his brave
and able vindication of that very prohibition of
slavery in the Territories. He was not then de-
terred from supporting a humane provision be-
cause without it, according to his interpretation
of the Constitution, slavery could not enter the
Territories. Nor was he deterred because the
provision might be offensive to certain persons
of weak nerves. No, sir; bravely he maintained
the principle that slavery must be prohibited.
And on the same principle (if I may pass from
great things to things which are smaller, I admit,
but yet which are not small) i insist that this
proviso also should be adopted.
Our experience shows that even if the law is as
the Senator from Illinois now expounds it, it is
notso accepted by this railroad corporation. The
Senator knows as well as 1 do that colored per-
sons are daily excluded from the cars. Some of
the victims of this outrage will compare in re-
spectability of conduct with any whom I now
have the honor of addressing. My colleague al-
luded to colored clergymen that he saw thrust out
only the other day. We know of an officer of
the United States, wearing the national uniform,
thrustout,and the Senator from Illinois wiilallow
all these things to be done and not interfere to pro-
hibit it. lie tells us that it is contrary to law, and
yet he allows it to proceed under the very eyes of
the Senate. Sir, I insist that the Senate when such
abuses occur shall show that it has power and is
willing to exercise it on the side of justice.
But the Senator reminds us that in old times
the fugitive slave act was passed here and made
especially offensive, and he pleads with us now
not to imitate that bad example by introducing
anything that may be offensive. I do not like the
comparison of the Senator. Does he not know
well that everything introduced into the fugitive
slave bill was in the interest of slavery and con-
trary to every sentiment of humanity, and that it
was intended to give offense? The proposition
now moved is just in the opposite sense; it is to
sustain the principles of humanity, to uphold hu-
man rights and human equality, and with no pur-
pose of offense. The illustration of the Senator,
