1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
130
Mr. GRIMES. I hardly think it is necessary
to postpone the resolution. I think I feel author-
ized to say for the Navy Department that they
court the most thorough investigation into all the
charges that have been preferred against the man-
agement of that Department; and whenever a
thorough investigation shall be made,it will turn
out, in my conviction, that we not only have as
fast, but faster vessels in the Navy of the United
States than in any navy of the world. 1 under-
take to assert, from my own information on the
subject, that there is no navy in the world that
to-day has as fa3t vessels as there are in the Navy
of the United States, and whenever there shall be
a fair investigation of that subject, it will be so
demonstrated to the Senate ana to the country.
Under such circumstances, I, as a friend of the
Navy and of the Navy Department, trust that the
resolution of the Senator will be adopted in some
form, and adopted at once. As to whether the
committee to make the investigation shall be the
standing Committee of the Senate on Naval Af-
fairs, or a select committee, that is for the Senate
to determine.
That there may have been frauds perpetrated
in the Navy Department by persons connected
with it, I do not pretend to deny; that the best
men may always have been selected for the per-
formance of their duties, I do not assert; but I do
assert that, from the very commencement of this
war to the present moment, it has been managed
as well as any Department, yea, better than any
Department in this Government; and such, Mr.
President, will be the impartial record that the
history of this country will contain twenty years
hence.
And now let me say one word while I am up
in regard to a subject that was introduced to the
Senate yesterday by the Senatorfrom Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] and that is in regard to the Morgan,
steamers. The fact has been demonstrated by
the events of the last two years that the Morgan-
purchased steamers were the cheapest and best
that have ever been bought for this Government
cither for the Army or for the Navy Depart-
ment. The only thing there was in connection
with that transaction for which the Secretary of
the Navy was properly censurable, in my opin-
ion, was the principle which he laid down as being
the one upon which purchases of that kind ought
to be made, not that there was not perfect suc-
cess in the purchases. Among the veiy bestpur-
chased vessels at this day in the Navy of the
United States are some of those very Morgan-
purchased steamers. A vessel that performed,
according to the official reports, most important
service—I was going to say the most impoitant
service—at the capture ofNewOrleans,theVaruna,
under the command of the gallant Captain Boggs,
was one of the Morgan-purchased steamships. 1
did not then and I do not now recognize as correct
the principle laid down by the Secretary of the
Navy in regard to the payment of agents who
might be selected, or the manner in which they
weie paid. X would rather have paid directly out
of the Treasury the amount of money that was
received by the agent of the Government, Mr.
Morgan, than to have had him receive it in the
way that it was received ; but that the purchases
were made for the benefit of the Government, 1
do not doubt.
Then there is another little part of the unwrit-
ten history of this country, Mr. President, that
ought to be stated in this connection. Mr. Welles,
the Secretary of the Navy, lias not a very great
disposition to engage in controversy. He would
much rather be abused than fight bark. He might
hatfe stated, and I think m justice to himself and
the country he ought to have stated, that the com-
mercial men of New York appealed to him, and
to all the members of the Cabinet, to employ one
man rather than many men to purchase vessels
for the United States Government, because, they
said, if you select ten or a dozen men, or one or
two even, in Boston, and one or two in New Yoi k,
and one oi two others in Philadelphia, and one or
two in othcrcommercial ports togo into the market
and engage in the purchase of vessels, you will
raise the price of vessels so much that you will
interfere with the commerce of the country. Now,
you should employ one man, and unite with him
skillful naval officers to investigate the condition of
the vessels, and let that one man quietly go around
and purchase as many vessels as you desire. It
was upon that suggestion that one man was ap-
pointed rather than many men selected throughout
the country to make these purchases. The Secre-
tary of the Navy has never taken the trouble to
state to the country the influence under which he
acted when he selected Mr. Morgan rather than
selected ten or a dozen different agents to be em-
ployed in this kind of business.
In regard to the subject now under considera-
tion, the investigation of the steam-engines built
for our naval vessels, it is a matter with which
practically I am totally unacquainted. I have
taken the trouble to read the logs of some of the
vessels that have been built for the Navy as fast
vessels. When I was in Charlestown a short time
ago, I went on board the Ticonderoga, that had
just come in from a voyage, and I talked with the
chief engineer, who was a citizen of the town in
which I live, and he told me that that vessel had
madethirteen and a half knots in a sea-way during
the voyage from the West Indies to Boston. When
Mr. Dickerson or any other person can make an
engine that will propel a war steamer, which is
compelled to carry her heavy armament and her
supplies for men for a six months' cruise and all
her commissary stores and quartermaster }s stores
and all her ordnance, at a greater speed than thir-
teen and a half knots in a sea-way, I shall be will-
ing to confess that his suggestions ought to be at-
tended to, and that the gentleman who is now in
charge of the Navy Department should be turned
out. I do not say that the man who is now in
charge of the Steam Engineering Bureau is the
proper man. I know that there are a great many
prejudices against him. But that there has been
any sort of collusion between him and the head of
the Navy Department I do not believe, and I feel
warranted in denying; or that there has been any
fraud perpetrated by Mr. Isherwood, with the
knowledge of the Navy Department, or which it
was within the power of the Navy Department to
prevent after it was brought to their attention, I
am not prepared to admit.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I want to say, in
answer to any suggestion here, that 1 have not in-
dorsed any of these statements; but I have brought
them before the Senate because I thought it was
my duty to do so. The publicity given to these
statements is such that they will have the atten-
tion of the country, and ought to have the inves-
tigation of tiie Senate. I shall be exceedingly
relieved, however, if my friend from Wisconsin,
or anybody else, will suggest a special commit-
tee instead of the Naval Committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, all this I
confess is new to me, and it is based mainly on a
pamphlet which the honorable Senator found ly-
ing on his table and which i find lying on mine—
a pamphlet which I have had no opportunity
whatever to lead, and I therefore desiie that this
question shall lie ovit until Monday next. 1 doubt
whelherthere is sufficient foundation to make this
inquiry; but if there be, I shall not have any ob-
jection to the question going to a committee for
the purpose of inquiry. I have no doubt that the
Navy Department is honestly conducted, cer-
tainly so far as the head of that Department is
concerned, for I have as much confidence m the
integrity of the head of thatDepartmcntas I have
m any man of my acquaintance, and 1 have nut
the slightest doubt of the mtegiity of the Depart-
ment itself.
But, sir, these inquiries, unless they be neces-
sary, do not, in theptesenl state of public affairs,
result in any great good to the country. The in-
stitution of an inquiry like this is a blow at the
confidence of the country in the administration
of the Government, if a charge is made that there
is fraud in the heads of Departments of the Gov-
ernment unless there be foundation for making the
chargc. Therefore, ceitainly, before we go into
an investigation, we ought to have some reason-
able giounds foi believing that such a charge is
well founded. I do not say that the Senator fiom
New Hampshire has made that charge, but he
seems to base his motion on a charge which some-
body else has made that there has been fraud in
the administration of the Navy Department. I
do not desire, at this stage of our affairs, to sanc-
tion such charges, unless upon investigation we
find that there is some reasonable ground foi be-
lieving that they exist. !
I know that my honorable friend from New
Hampshire i« just as anxious, and probably no
more anxious than otherSenators on this floor to
prevent frauds in the administration of the Navy
Department, i believe, however, that he is some-
times imposed upon by representations that are
made to him, and under the influence of those rep-
resentations he sometimes in the heat of debate
makes wholesale charges against the Administra-
tion, which are repeated, not only throughout the
country, and in the press of the country, to de-
stroy the confidence of the people in the adminis-
tration of the Government, but we heard them
read here yesterday on the floor of the Senate for
half an hour—chargesof the mostflagrantdescrip-
tion against the administration of the Govern-
ment—-charges which I then believed were with-
out foundation, and I believe now are without
foundation. But they were repeated by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, read, and read again; for
what purpose but to destroy the confidence of the
people in the administration of the Government?
Now, Mr. President, I desire that this resolu-
tion shall lie over until Monday. In the mean time
I will look into the pamphlet upon which this mo-
tion seems to be based, and if I become satisfied
that there is any foundation for the charge, or any
probable cause for believing that there is really a
charge, I shall not object to empowering a com-
mittee to send for persons and papers and occupy
all the session, if they choose, in the investigation.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree, sir, with the Senator
from Wisconsin that this subject should lie over
until Monday, and I doubt not that then the Sen-
ate may conclude that it should lie over longer,
or that if an investigation is to be made, it should
be made in some other manner than that proposed
by the resolution offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
I agree fully and entirely in the sentiment ex-
pressed by the Senator from Wisconsin, that there
i« nothing that stiikes deeper or more fatally at the
Government in its fair and full administration than
these constantand repeated attacks from those who
profess to be its friends. I confcss, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I was very much surprised to hear
the Senator from New Hampshire introduce his
resolution with the remark that the couniiy was
heart-sick—that was his expression—at the man-
ner in which the affairs of the Naval Department
of thi^ Government are being administered. I to-
tally disagree with that belief thus firmly expressed
by the Senatorfrom New Hampshire. I do not be-
lieve that it pervades the country. If it did, it
would indeed be one of the worstsigns of the times
—far worse than the strongest attempts of organ-
ized rebellion against the power and existence of
the Government, for there is nothing thatliesdoeper
as a crime against the Government than this < on-
stant sapping of the confidence of the people in
the officers that are chosen for its administiation.
As the Senator fiom Wisconsin very pioperly
said, we had repeated heie yesterday a speech
already two years old, making charges of the most
terrible character against the Navy Department.
I doubt not, sir, that they were unpleasant when
repeated, to the Senatorfrom New Hampshire;
they were certainly unpleasant to me. The Sen-
ator,from Kentucky should not be furnished with
such data from a loyal souice, unless those data be
founded in fact, mcontiovertible in character; and
then, where that is the ease, it becomes the highest
duty of the most loyal men m the country to in-
vestigate and put an end to that class of abuses.
I hope the Senator from Kentucky will not ob-
ject to my use of the term loyalty," because
theie is a propriety in the use of that term toward
Government, Loyalty to friends, fealty to truth,
fealty to Government, to those who administer it
when engaged in the rightful administration of it,
is, in my opinion, one of the highest character-
istics that can grace a patriot.
I object, sir, for one, to the mode of investiga-
tion which is here proposed. I say that tf an in-
vestigation is to be had in legard to a subject of
this kind, it should be committed to men, chosen
perhaps under a resolution of this body, or of
Congress, directing the President of the United
States to select aboard of competent engineers to
make the investigation, and to ascertain whether
our ships are fast enough or too slow, whether the
means adapted to the great end of securing speed
are sufficient or insufficient; but I entirely object
to these accusations and these investigations fur-
nished and based upon the yellow-covered litera-
tuie that is so often spread upon the desks of Sen*
