1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
able election. After T went to General Hall I went and
voted. He told me that ho wanted to know if they were
arresting men for votinc, ami f wrote to him as I have al-
ready stated. J think thai those who created the disturb-
ance" were the friends ot D. F. Loan."
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (No. 162)
amending an act to amend an act entitled '"An act
to promote the progress of the useful arts," ap-
proved March 3,1863; in which he was directed
to ask the concuirence of the House.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. G-ANSON. I ask the Clerk next to read
the testimony of Thomas Culligan.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Thomas Cullman testifies a* to the extent of the inter-
ference at St. JojNeph, as follow*:
" 1 am a citizen of St. Joseph, Missouri, and have been
for tlmteen years, and am forty-one years old, and am a
clerk in a banking hou-e; have been a member ol tin' en-
rolled militia, and served four months. I was pie^en^at
the election held m November, 1869, for Congre^mnn and
othei officers iu Buchanan county, IVh^oun; and as i wa-.
going to the court-house to vote" I met the judges o{ the
election coining from the court-house, mid undn.-tood trom
them that the election at that piecmct was broken up by
the soldiers. I was in the enrolled nuhna at that time. 1
had my ticket filled, and intended to voie lor John 1'. 15 nice
for (Jongtess, and did not attempt to vote at any othei pie-
cinct on account of the interfcience ot the militia and oth-
ers. Those who were the fiiemis ol B F. Loan cieated
the distuibance, and pievented myself and otheis from
voting by intimidation. The in tinnd.it ion kept a meat many
from voting, who, J believe, would have voted toi John 1'.
Biuee. In the opinion of many p^ons, John P. Biuee's
election would have been etlected by eicht hundred oi a
thousand voters who did not come to the polls on account
oi the intuindatiofi. t «aw a good many persoiwauestod,
and undetatoud that they weie ariesstcd loi attempting to
vote."
Mr. SANSON. -I will next ask tlie Clerk to
lead tlie testimony of Edward J. Knapp.
The Clerk read, as follows:
£: Ilciward J. Knapp testifies as follows:
"At the Allen Uouse, in ihe lir^t ward, I ^avv an old
man, John Cowie, ^eventy-live years of age, a lawful voter
lor fotry years,and a peaceable, quiet man, went up to-the
polls, pievented Ins vote to the judge-*; the judges com-
menced calling oil his vote, and a member ot the eniolled
militia, a (iei man, with hi-* uniform on, stepped up and
took Mr. Cowie by the back of the neck or co.it and jerked
him ovei on to the flooi, and the fir>t place struck was his i
hciul and .-houUh-t-, and the blood gu-hed Irom his no-e ,
tiotn the lull. Mi. Cowie v>a> then \ohng what was then i
called hoe the Democratic ticket.'5 j
Mr. GANSON. It is impossible, of course, for j
the committcc to determine accuiatdy the pre- >
cise number of persons who were prevented from j
voting at St. Joseph by reason of these disturb- ;
ancts. The House will bear in mind that there \
had been-a high state of excitement in Missouri, |
and certainly in that portion of the State, in con- j
sequence of which no election had been held since j
the ubclhon commenced until then. Dming the ;
intervening time they had been living under a pro- !
visional government, and the condition of the pub- J
lie mind was such that whenever any threats of
violence were used it would be communicated from j
one person to another more lapidly than in ordi- ;
nary times of peace and tranquillity; and the clTbct
would be greater. Persons there during these dis-
turbances had been subjected improperly to ar- ,
rests; property had been improperly destroyed, j
and the people were iti a condition of being easily ]
and readily intimidated. And we can all see that j
transactions of this character would have a greater j
effect in the way of intimidating the people than
they would have done in ordinaly times.
The committee, howuvei, for the purpose of
throwing some light on this subject, have appended
v. statement showing what the compaiative vote
was in 1860, which was the last election prior to
this election in 186*2, in order to show that there
was a great falling ofT in St. Joseph where these
disturbances took place in comparison with the
falling off in the other portions of the county
wheie disturbances did not occur. The vote for
President in this county in I860 was 3,979. The
vote for Congi essman in 16(5:2 was 2,268. Theiall-
ing off of vote in 1862 was 1,711. That was in the
entire county. Now, I propose next to show what
poi tion of t hat failing oft was in St. Joseph. 1 he
vote at St. Joseph foi Pi^sident m 1P0Q was 2,4*20.
The vote at St. Joseph for Congressman in 18G2
was 010. The falling off of the vote mthe town-
ship in 1862 was 1,510. Now, the vote outside of
Washington township, embracing the remainder
of Buchanan county, wheie ihme was compara-
tively slight interference, was, for President in
1860, outside of Washington township, 1,559; for
Congressman in 1862 in the same territory, 1,366;
filing off in that place only, in 1862, 193.
Now, then, I will next make a comparison be-
tween the vote in 1860, when the contestant ran
for the Legislature, and his vote in 1862, when
he ran for Congress. John P. Bruce received in
1860, 1,585. John P. Bruce, for Congress in 1862,
received 635. The falling off in his vote in 1862
was 950. Gentlemen will see that this tends to
show where the decrease in the vote as against
the contestant was, and that it was produced by
this improper interference. Washington town-
ship, whicli*embraces all the precincts in the city
of St. Joseph,gave Bruce in 1S60 1,074 votes; and
the vote for him in 1862 for Congress was 158,
showing a failing off in that township alone of
916 votes. By these figures, with slight varia-
tion, the committee were compelled to come to the
conclusion it has. By these opinions expressed
by the sheriff, by the extentof these interferences,
and by these comparisons, the committee has been
compelled to come to the conclusion that by this
intimidation and interference a decrease as against
the contestant in that township alone was created
to the extent of over 900 votes. 1 have no doubt
that thatconclusion is less than the fact was; but
we desired to be careful in making our estimate.
We predicated it upon these facts in connection
with the opinion of persons holding official po-
sitions, of judges and the sheriff, which all tend
to tlie same point.
The falling off in the balance of the county out-
side of Washington township was only 34, be-
tsveen the vote for Mr. Bruce in 1860 when he ran
for the Legislature and in 1862 when he tan for
Congress. Thtrc was no interference against
him in 1862 in the balance of the county. The
falling off in the balance of the county was only
34, wheieas the falling off elsewhere was 916
votes. Mr. Speaker, the committee were of the
opinion that the conclusion at which we have ar-
rived in this tespect is reliable, and if erroneous
in any respect it is in putting the number too low
rather than too high.
1 will next take up the interference in Andrew
county. I ask the Clerk to read the testimony of
Hamilton Smith, who voted for the sitting mem-
ber. And I call the attention of the House to the
insinuation that the contestant's case here was
supported by partisan witnesses.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Hamilton Smith, who voted for the conteetee, testifies
in regaid to the election at Savannah, as follows : I was at
Savannah, the county seat of Andicw eounty, Missouri,ou
the day of the election rofcried to. [ was frequently at the
votinefplace during the time that i was theie; there was a
crowd aiound the window, keeping up a continual noise
and confusion, and saving that they would not allow seces-
sionist-; to vote, f muv a Mr. Uncord, aqualihed voter, go
to ihe\\ ndow,and while being worn an individual of&anl
ciowd \va^ ^tainpiiiir on -*aid Ho-loid'ss foot, ami while feel-
ing !or hi> ticket in his pocket he was eiowded back tiom
the window and was uotallowed to vote. I saw his tickct;
he wa-- going to vote for John P. Bruce lor Congrest. {
saw another individual pushed away fiom said polls by the
eiowd aloiesaid; this last named individual was by the
name of MeCiury. I applied to the judg'-s of-aid election
to maintain oidcr, and 1 also applied to Lieutenant Colonel
Commanding Nash, of the eniolled miiitia, to maintain
ordei , s<ud Na-h stated that il called upon by the civil au-
thorities he would do so, it he could, but doubted whether
he would be able to maintain law and Older on that day.
"■ Question To whose election to Congress was the
ciowd who weic thus Interfering with voter, favoiable,
trom what \ou heaid them say?
<v2dsu.tr 3. So tar as I could learn, they were for Gen-
era] Loan.
"Question 4. IIow often were you at the polls at Savan-
nah,'wou the day of the election?
"Antwer 4. Si\ or eight times.
" Question 5. Did oi did not tin; crowd alluded to above
continue the afoiesaid inteiferenee with voteis at the sev-
eral tunes you were at the polls?
"Answer 5. They did.
"Question G. Lid you <-ec any fncnd of John P. l.rncein-
terfere with any one desiring to vote lor B. F. Loan?
"Answer G 1 did not.
"Question!. Do you know the chaiacter of the crowd
that wa-s mterteuna with voteis on said day at the polls?
liAns>vcr 7. They weie mostly enrolled mihtia.
" Question b. Do you know that there weie many voters
who came to Savannah on that day to vote who did not
vote on account of the niterfeience of said crowds.'
"Ajiswer 8. T do,
''Question 9. State, fiom what you know and saw at the
polls, whether or not it was not difficult tor a man who
wanted to vote lor John P. Biuco to do bO.
"Ansivcr 9. So far as I know, it was.
"Que&lton JO. State, irom what you know and «aw,
whetner the eniolled mditia around the polls offered any
. objections to voters voting for Benjamin F. Loan,
i "vi/iwej 10. They did not.
"Question 11. Was ft not your Understanding that tire in-
timidating language, and the remarks by the crowd that
they should not vote, applied to persons who would have
voted for John P. Biuce if they had not been thus 4eterrecl
from voting?
"Answer 11. Ai far as I know, it was.
" Question 12. Do you know of any person who had re-
turned from Price's army, or any other rebel officer's com-
mand, offering to vote on the day of said election?
"Answer 12. I do not. %
" Question 13. Are not many persons of your acquaint-
ance, of the class alluded to by you as reputed rebel sym-
pathizers, loyal citizens, for the Constitution as it Is and
the Union as it was?
"Answer 13. My opinion is, that a large mass of those
who ai e reputed as rebel sympathizers are loyal, and for the
Constitution as it is and the Union as it was.
" Question 14. Are not Democrats and conservative men
in this section very often denominated as rebel sympa-
thizers?
"Answer 14. They are.
" Question 15. Are you personally acquainted with Jolm
P. Bruce, the contestant, and have you had an opportu-
nity of learning Ins politics; and if so, do you regard him as
having been, during these troubles, and being now, a loyal
Union man? •
"Answer 15. Iam acqnaintedRith him, and have always
considered him loyal." ~
Mr. GANSON. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to have any more of the testimony read on
this county. What lias been read from Mr.
Smith, it will be seen comes from one of the
supporters of the sitting member. He gives hia
opinion of the loyal character of the men who
supported the contestant; and when the Cleric,
read that part where he states that they are re-
puted to be rebel sympathizers, when they are
really for the Union, I notice'd it provoked a smile
in a portion of the House. It is not the first time,
sir, that I have seen that smile whenever any ref-
erence was made to the Constitution, and there-
fore I am not surprised at it. It is true that
many of the sons of Missouri may still adhere to
" the Constitution as it is and the Union as it
was,"and they are regarded for so doing as rebel
sympathizers. But that is no reason why the
armed militia should deprive them of the elective
franchise. If it is a good reason why they should
not vote, it ought to be embodied in the law and
made the duty of the judges of the election to
test the standing of the voter by putting to him
the oath. It ought to be done in a legal way
and not by force and by violence.
Now, the only testimony taken in Andrew
county in reference to interference was that which
took place in Savannah preeinet There was a
slight allusion to Fillmore precinct. The vote for
President in 1860 in Savannah precinct, Andrew-
county, was 86G, and the vote for Congressman
m 1862 at the same place was 330, making the
filling off at this precinct alone m 1862,536. In
Fillmore precinct the vote for President in 1860
was 306, and the vote for Congressman at the
same place in 1862 was 142, making a falling off
at this precinct in 1862,1G4 votes. The entire vote
of Andrew county for President m 1860 was 1,912,
and the vote for Congressman in 1862 was 1,112,
showing that the falling off in the entire county waa
800. 1 call the attention of the House particularly
to the fact that while the falling off in the entire
county was 800, it was in the precinct of Savan-
nah alone 536 votes. Upon that, together with
other testimony in the case, the opinion is predi-
cated that the falling off was occasioncd by this
violence, which is proved to have taken place in
that piecinct. I have had only a portion of the
testimony read on that point.
I next come to Livingston county, and I ask
the Clerk to read the testimony of Jacob L. Myers,
to be found on page 19 of the report.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Jacob L. Myers, who was the clerk of tlie election at
tlie Ulullicothe precinct, testifies as tollows*
" I was chosen by the county judges as cleik of that elec-
tion at Clullieotlie precinct, ami acted a. Mich on the morn-
ing of the election; eaily in the day 1 saw Doctor Hughes
putting up posters, on wh ich was, ■ Thai no iW -lovai person
should vote.' Feuung that a dilliculty would likely origin-
ate iiom tins tiling, i did not want to act as clerk; the
judges insisted t should, and I did ; we opened the polls,
and some voles were taken, when Di. Hughes mterfeml,
ehal'engi'ig voles; the judges got mm a controveisy witll
said Ilughes, and wanted to know on what grounds he ob-
jected; they told linn they hat! the oidmauee el' the cou-
veution to go by, and the oath therein prescribed to adimu-
ktei to voteis, and they had no nglittoii-jcct any man that
would take this oath; Hughes then gave the judges to ua-
deiitaud Unit theie would be a squad of men hereto sec
that none but loyal men, such as he claimed to be, should
\ole ; 111 a lew ininutet the squad of men were iightin our
niidsr; 1 jientemuitColonel Jaeot)eon,ofthe tweisty-seventu
Missouu regiment, at the heart ot some twelve or fourteen
men,'aimed and equipped with United States muskets, gave
the judges to umieittond that no man, or no set ol men.
