1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
fects the loyal men whose slaves are taken in the
States of Delaware, Maryland, Missouri, Ken-
tucky, and Tennessee, and it holds out to them
the hope of compensation at the very time when
in their own States they are meeting in conven-
tion to abolish slavery without any compensa-
tion,and when we ourselves are proposing by the
amendment to the Constitution to abolish it, and
without compensation. By holding out the idea
of compensation to those men for this mass of
slave property, what do you do but ask them to
resist the action of their own conventions in abol-
ishing slavery both in Maryland and in Missouri
and in the other States? The question put by the
honorable Senator from California was a very
pertinent one, why purchase slaves now when
their price every day is going down?
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator that so far as this debate has developed
the opinions of the Senate, there is but one man
in the Senate who is in favor of that section which
the Senator has belabored so much—the section
in regard to compensation. Now, let me direct
the Senator's attention to the other section which
is intended to cover the cases to which the atten-
tion of the Senate has been drawn by General
Pile, of Missouri, and by the statements which
have been made by other persons.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, Mr. President 
Mr. CONNESS. Permit me to suggest to my
friend from Wisconsin that he allow this bill to be
committed, and we can debate it when it comcs
back.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to its
being committed.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let us have the ques-
tion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to take up
time.
Mr. WILSON. I object to committing the
bill; and I propose to modify my amendment by
withdrawing the second section and offering sim-
ply the first section. The Committee on Military
Affairs, after very careful consideration, brought
in this bill containing the third section which
amended the law allowing colored men to be used
in the military service. The original provision,
which made the mother, the wife, and the chil-
dren of the soldier who enlisted fiee, was on a mil-
itary bill. When this bill was befoie us three or
four weeks ago, the objection then was that we
had not a well-matured system of paying for the
slaves made free. To-day the objection is to pay-
ing for them. I proposed it because I wanted to
strengthen the measure, but I find it does not do
that, and i am willing to abandon it.
All the sections of the original bill but one, as
I have already explained, are taken out,and the
section winch I now piopose is to be the whole
bill, and it is a clear, plain proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the amendment as
now proposed ?
Mr. WILSON. The amendment now pro-
posed is the third section of the original bill, in
what I think is a little better form, leading thus:
That when any prison of African descent, whose scrviee
or lahor is claimed in any under the laws theieof,
f-hail btj mustered into flu* military or naval scrvice of the
United Stato.Jiit! wile and children, it auyiie have, shall
forever thereafter be free, any law, u a«;e, or custom what-
soever to tin- contiary notwithstanding.
It is a very simple and plain proposition. It
simply provides for freeing the wife and childien.
Now, J want to say; to the Senator from Wis-
consin that { admire his earnestness, his zeal, and
his faith. I hope I have quite as much of these
qualities as he has, and I hope that my faith is as
strong; but I must beg to be excused from fol-
lowing the policy of not voting for a good meas-
ure because we intend to do it all at one time by
a constitutional amendment. When we can get
an opportunity to strike at the slave system let
us do it, and lot us ad<1pt the constitutional amend-
ment if we can, and I have great hope we shall
do it.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall get a vote.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. As the bill is very
simple now, I hope the Senator from California
will witlidtaw his motion and let us take a vote
on it.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not simple enough for
my mind, and not in a condition that I can vote
for it. I feel some anxiety upon tins subject.
Senators who speak on this question here must
not imagine that they are the only e>n« s who feel
an interest in this subject. I suggest that the form
in which this bill has been introduced to the Sen-
ate to-day for the first time by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, with a sub-
stitute, I believe, from that gentleman for his own
bill, (and now theie is an abandonment of an im-
poitant part of his measure,) is not such a pre-
sentation of the subject as the Senate should have
before it acts upon it. If the Senate shall see
fit not to recommit, and that vote can be taken
in a very short time, then we will consider it, of
course,a decision that we shall go on with it,and
I shall try to give a correct vote upon the sub-
ject according to my judgment. 1 hope we shall
come to a vote on the motion to recommit the
bill.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think there is any
particular hurry as to that. I think we can take
our time. I wish to say to the Senator that we
reported a bill to encourage enlistments some five
or six weeks ago, which was carefully prepared
and carefully studied by those who understand it
quite well and have given some years to the sub-
ject. The debate upon it lasted for several days.
The proposition now before us has occupied some
five or six days of the Senate. The Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Brown] made a lengthy and very
elaborate speech upon it the other day. In order
to get through some other provisions in the bill
we took them and put them in a new bill which
we have passed, leaving this portion of the bill
in regard to slavery as we introduced it. It was
framed and based upon the provision of the act
of 1862 prepared by the same committee. I see
no necessity for sending it to any committee at
all; but if it is necessary to go to any committee
I prefer that it should go to the committee from
which it came.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; Jet us take the
vote.
Mr. CARLILE. As a motion has been made
to refer this bill to the select committee of which
I have the honor to be a mftnber, I wish to ex-
plain why I shall propose to amend the motion of
my colleague on that committee by striking out
the committee on slavery and freedmen and in-
serting the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. President, if it be in order to speak of an
insti ument that once was cherished by the Amer-
ican people, and looked up to by their represent-
atives, and closely and carcfully considered in this
body, when propositions were made interfering
with rights of States, persons, or property, 1
would be glad to call the attention of the friends
of this proposition to the question of power in-
volved in it. I know that there are members of the
Senate who differ with mens to the power of Con-
gress to consci ipt either white men or black men;
but granting, for the sake of the argument, that
that power belongs to thy Congiess of the United
States under the Constitution, where do you de-
rive the power to interfere with the acknowledged
lights of the States under that instrument, and
liberate, not only the consciipt himself, but those
who bear to him the relation of wife and children ?
The only question that seems to me involved in
this bill is the question of constitutional power.
I share, i presume, with Senators who believe
that the power is m Congress, all the sympathy
they entertain for the family of him who enlists
m the military seiviceof the country; but that
sympathy must be subordinated to the require-
ments of the oath which I took whenl became a
member of this body to support the Constitution
of the United States—the instrument to which
this body owes its existence. Itbeing, therefore,
a question of constitutional power—which I regard
as the only question involved in the consideration
of the bill—i think the proper committee to which
it should go is the Committee on the Judiciary.
The difficulties that have been suggested as to
ascertaining who aie the wife and children of the
party I think will not be found to be great when
you come to carry it into practical operation.
Although there mjy not be usually what in law
is termed a marriage by virtue of a license or the
publication of banns, as may be required by
State authority, yet there will be very little trou-
ble, so far as my observation has gone, in ascer-
taining everywhere in any of the slave States of
tins Union those who bear the relation of wife
and elnldieu to the individual.
I am not embarrassed, therefore, by those dif-
ficulties; but the great question which stands m
my way in support of this bill is the question pf
power. Even admitting that the Congressofthe
United States has the power to conscript a slave
into the military service of the country and to
give him freedom—which power I deny-7-have
you the power to extend your legislation so as
to interfere with the rights of property in the
States by liberating and taking from the owner,
either with or without compensation, against his
consent, the wife and children of the conscript?
1 therefore move that the proposition of the Sen-
ator from California be amended by inserting
"Committee on the Judiciary "instead of "com-
mittee on slavery and freedmen."
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair it is one of those motions, like a mo-
tion to adjourn, that is not amendable. The mo-
tion to commit to the select committee failing, it
would then be in the province of the Senator to
move to commit to another committee. The only
way to effect his object would be to vote down
the pending motion.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest that a motion to refer
to a standing committee has precedence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatoris cor-
rect; it has precedence by the rules. The Sen-
ator's motion, therefore, is first in order, not as
an amendment to the other motion; and the ques-
tion will be on referring the bill to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLARK. 1 am desi rous that something
should be done with a bill of this kind. I am em-
barrassed, I must confess, with the same consid-
eration that presses itself upon the Senator from
Virginia; but I do not feel that by referring the
question to the Committee on the Judiciary I
shall be disembarrassed. I think, whatevermight
be the report of that committee, the question
would still press itself upon my mind; and I think
I might say that, if that committee should report
that there was power within the Constitution, he
would still find the question pressing upon his
mind.
Mr. CARLILE. Notifthey showed sufficient
reason for that opinion.
Mr. CLARK. Well, sir, I know the Senator
from Virginia so well that I am sure no commit-
tee ever could do that: it would not be in their
power.
^The suggestion I have to make is this: there
is no business that I am aware of of any import-
ance pressing upon the Senate at this time, and
we may therefore just as well discuss the consti-
tutionality of this proposition in the Committee
of the Whole as in the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. We can then have the benefit of each
other's thoughts and considerations in regard to
it, and we may,411 time, reach some practical and
useful result. But if you send this proposition to
the Committee on the Judiciary, if it is not killed
there, it will return with the same question em-
barrassing it. We have got then to discuss it,
and so of the other question in regard to the pay.
You maj^send it to a committee and have that
piovision in regard to the pay stricken out, and
then it will again return, for I think you will find
persons in the Senate who cannot vote for the bill
unless there is some pay proposed to the persons
who own these slaves. They may possibly be
satisfied that if you pay the owner for the prop-
erty it may be considered as taking it for the
public use; but if you do not pay they will hardly
find provision in the Constitution for this meas-
ure at all.
Then again I understand the Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wilkinson] to propose an amend-
ment by which that section shall be stricken out.
Mr. WILSON. I have taken itoutof the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I understand the Senator him-
self to take it out of the bill; but still, notwith-
standing that section may be taken out, I am not
certain that some Senators who desire to vote for
this measure, in order to see the way to do it, may
not require it to be in.
But what I want to say to Senators is this: we
may just as well do that here and now as at any
time, for aught 1 know. Iam notaware that any
measure is pressing upon the Senate at this time.
If there is any measure of more importance than
this demanding our attention, I will cheerfully
give way and agree that this bill be laid aside or
go to <x committee to be returned back to us im-
mediately; but I do not so understand. Then
why should we not consider the measdre now ?
