2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May e;
should vote that was disloyal to then Government; at tfi.it
time we were leoordmg James Hutchinson's vote; said
Hughes challenged hi.s vole, and Lieutetmnt Colonel Ja-
cob.vou ordered Hutchinson to per out <>t the house, that he
should not vote; ^aid IJutehm-on called on said Hughes
to being up any charge where he was disloyal; Hughes re-
plied that lie (Hutchinson) sympathized with or aided
bushwhackers, or was aiding tlx; paity uppo-ed to the Gov-
eminent; Lieutenant Colonel Jacobson then ordered his
squad to put Hutchinson out of the house, which they did;
that being the case, tne judges notified LieutenantOolonel
Jacobson that they were the judges, and acting under oath,
and protested against his actions, and demanded of him and
his squad to tetire, or they would adjourn the election ; he
would not do it, and the judges postponed the election lor
the time being; Colonel Shanklin, of the enrolled imhtia,
requested the judges to hold on, that he would telegraph to
the Governor; we waited a space of time; the squad of
soldiers remained in the house in a threatening attitude to-
ward the judges and clerks, and talking of making them
take votes; after a while I folded up my poll-book and put
it in my pocket; a du>putch cauie fiom the Governor, alter
a while, lequesting Lieutenant Colonel Jacobson and hi.s
squad to withdraw ; aftei the said lieutenant colonel read
it they retired; Doctor Hughes became insulted and lelt
with them, at least I thought he was insulted. Alter that
we opened the polls, arui^uing commenced.
"Question. What effeewpad the aforesaid lntei ference
on the voters, from what you saw and knew ?
"•Answer. it created a great excitement, and prevented
a great many from voting, through fear."
Mr. LOAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York what part of the testimony of
Samuel sets forth the facts he has read here ? As
I have no recollection of having seen it, I would
be glad to have him point it out.
Mr. GANSON. The contestant will hunt it
up, and point it out to the gentleman.
There is other testimony of the judges here,
to the same point as that just read, but it will
consume too much time to have it all read. Hut
the House will see that this Dr. Hughes, who i
believe was an editor there, the publisher of a
newspaper, had posted up there a notice that no
disloyal person should vote or appear at the
polls; and he gave the judges to understand that
there would be a squad of men there to see that
none but loyal men, such as lie claimed to be,
should vote. He was having the law adminis-
tered according to his own. notions.
Now, the interference there was of ouch a char-
acter that the judges for   time discontinued the
voting;, and closed the polls until they could tel-
cgi.iph the Governor of the Suite to get an order
from him that the military under the superin-
tendence of this editor, Dr. Hughes, should be
taken away from the polls. Now, any one can
see what the effect of this state of things would
bo. It would disgust all sensible and patriotic
men, and they would not attend any polls eon-
ducted in that manner. "Wo consequently .-see that
at this precinct alone, in 1800, the vote for JPies-
ident was 619, while the vote for Congressman
in 1862 was 265; showing a falling oft' in 1862
of 354 votes. In the next year, 1863, an election
was held there for supreme court judges. We
all know that a judicial election is not as fully
attended as a political one. At ihat election there
were cast at that precinct 512 votes, while tlv vote
for Congressman the year before was 205; show-
ing an increase in the year 1863 of 247 votes.
Now, the vote of the whole county, in 1863, for
supreme court judges, was only 963, while the
vote of the whole county for Congressman, in :
1862, was 683; the difference in favor of 1863 being
280 votes. Of that increased vote of 280 for the _
entire county, 247 came from tins piecmct where
this interference is proven to have taken place, j
It shows, as a majority of the committee thought, j
that the interference at this precinct was of a se- i
rious character, and they would regret excecd- ,
ingly to see the conduct which there took place
approved by the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
i take up Atchison county next, and ask the
Clerk to rend a portion of the testimony of Silas
Puryear, to be found on page 21 of the report.
The Clerk read, as follows:
41 Question. State the reasons why you did not take the
depositions. ;
".Answer. The reasons are partially given in the letters '
above leiened to. I heaid, on several occasion-?, that said •
Bruce would not he allowed to lake depositions in said !
eu->e ; that ll he came f<n that puipo^e he would be mobbed. i
The-<e thieats, X understood, were by A. 15. Duifee, E?q. I '
also heaid tineas of mobbing any one who would act as ;
hi* counsel. Notwithstanding, I spoke to Jacob Hughes 1
and William Sparks, the Uvo\ju-tie<-d of the peace, who '
piomised to attend and take the depositions, butthe day bo- ■
lore the day lor taking &aid depositions Spaik> informed me i
he would not act; that tin; mihtu would not permit the
taking ; that when witnesses came they would be s-pattoi <:d
witu lotten eggs. I then went to sec Judge Needles,.who 1
promised to attend if well enough. On my return toRock-
poit I was informed there wa<? a notice, posted up requii ing
me to leave the county on pain of being hung if found iu
the county next day. After reflecting on all the circum-
stances and threats, I was convinced that the depositions
could not be taken, and that To attempt to do so would ^
suit in the witnesses being abused, and perhaps endan^r
their lives. The witnesses were mostly old men and the
best tnen m the county, and 1 thoughtit was hestnot to en-
danger nor expose them to insult when tiothing could be
accomplished by so doing.
"Question. IJid you, at any time on the day of said No-
vember election iu 1802, or after the same, converse with
the witnesses whose depositions John P. Brucedesired you
to take in regard to the election aforesaid?
"•Answer. I conversed with some of said witnesses on
the day of election, and with some of them afterwards.
" Question. State, from what they told you, what you
would have been able to prove by those you conversed with.
. " •Answer. I expected to prove, by several of them, that
they woie rudely thrust away from the polls, both at Rock-
port and at other voting places in the county; that they
saw the polls guarded by hands ol military, both at Rock-
port and at other voting places, iu said county ; and that a
great many legal voters were prevented and deterred fiom
voting by the improper conduct of said militia; and that,
in their opinion, John 1'. Bruce lost, by such inteiference,
about three hundred vote1? m said county. This is what I
expected to piove liom the conversation I had with the
witnesses.
" Quntion. State, from conversing with the witness and
otlieis, if the interference of the militia was not parried on
at all the voting places in the county pietty much in the
same way it was atitockport.
" Jlnsiv^r. 1 understood that the same kind ofinterfeieriee
was carried on at all of the voting places in said Atchison
county, except at Irish Giove precinct and atLmden. At
Linden I understood the attempt was made, but prevented
by Thomas Shraek.
"Rockport, March 5, 1863.
" Dear Sir : I have just returned Iroin Judge Needles'. 1
found him not well, but he piomised to come upto-iuoirow
if well enough. I am nioie than ever convinced that we
cannot take the testimony. On returning this evening, I
was informed that a notice was posted up requiring me
to leave the county befoie to-nioiiow,ihieatenmg me with
death if found in the county after that tune. Underall the
circumstances I shall not attempt to take depositions, as to
do s>o would only result in having myself and the witnesses
abused.
<• Yours truly, S. PntYEAU.
"Joiin I'. Bruce, Esq."
Mr. G ANSON. This portion of the testimony*
is not regarded as evidence to bear upon the di-
rect issue, but it is simply put in for the purpose
of showing that the contestant could not, from
ccilam pontons of his district, get testimony to
establish ins case without danger to himself or
lius agents.
In Atchison county the vote in Clay township,
which is in Rockport precinct, for President in
1860 was 366, and for Congressman in 1862, when
the interference took place, 134, showing a fall-
ing off in this precinct of 232. Now, the vote in
Clark township, which adjoins, for President in
1S60 was59, and the vote iu the same township for
Congressman in 1862, there being no interference
there, was 59. This shows that the fallingoffof232
votes in the Clay township at the Rockport pre-
cinct was attributed and could be abscribed to
nothing else than the military and improper in-
terference at the polls.
Take another precinct: the vote in Benton town-
ship for President in 1860 was 40, and for Con-
gressman in 1862 was 36, showing a falling off of
only four.
1 would call the attention of the gentleman from
Missoun, [Mr.Loan,] in answer to the interrog-
atory he put to me a few moments ago, to page
82 of the published papeis in the case, where he
will find the answer to his question in the seventh
reply of Mr. Samuel.
Mr. LOAN. Will the gentleman read answer
four of that same witness?
Mr. GANSON. I will when it comes in the
order of my remarks.
I next take up the vote of Do Kalb county, and
ask the Clerk to read the evidence of John C.
Brooks, to be found on page 23 of the report.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"John C. Brooks, who was constable of Washington
township, and superintended the election, testifies as fol-
lows:
" J attended at Slcwattsville, the voting place for Wash-
ington township, in Do Kalb county, Missouri, at the said
election, ami was constable, as the law made it my duty
to MipentUend the same. During the lime of the election
1 saw two men driven lrom the polls by the eniolled mi-
litia. to wit, Hum^on Boaz and George \V. Ro^e. The
Mildiers told Harrison Bnnz and Rose that they could not
vote, and had to get away from the polls, it being in/duty
as a civil othecrlo keep the peace, I madeefEoita through-
out tlie day to see th.tt evciy qualified votei had access to
the polls. Duung the whole time I met with opposition
tiom the captain of the company ot the enrolled militia,
whose efloits. weie all made in favni of Loan, and to pre-
vent all peisoni fiom votnut tho Bi uee ticket. I am satis-
fied that the captain oideied hi* uien to takeone vote horn
me while William Moore was writing his ticket, and after-
wards they brought up the same man with a Loan ticket
and coerced hini to vote different. The man told tne to
make out his ticket for Bruce, as he wanted to vote for him.
This statement was made to me before the soldiers took
lum away.
"Question. State your opinion from ail the facts that
came toyoui knowledge, how many voteis weie prevented
fiom voting by intimidation or interference by the enrolled
miliua or others with the polls, and with voteis from voting
on the 4th day of November, 1852, at the election in De
Kalb county, Missouri.
"•Answer. I cannot say exactly how many voters were
thus pievented, but I am satisfied that if there had been no
interference with the election in 1862, John P. Bruce would
have earned De Kalb county by a majority of over one hun-
dred votes for Congress."
Mr. GANSON. I desire to say a few more
wordsinthis case. I want to dispose of it to-day,
.as I have to leave to-morrow morning. I ask
unanimous consent to have my time extended for
ten minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. GANSON. 1 now ask the Clerk to read
from page 24 the testimonyof Harrison Boaz.
^The Clerk read, as follows:
" M. Harrison Boaz testifies as follows :
" I did attend the election at Stewartsville on said day,
and had been engaged all dayin bedding the cars for cattle
to be shipped off on the Hannibal and St. Joseph raihoad,
and in the evening came iu to vote with a ticket with the
name of John P. Bmeo for Congress on it; and when I
pi evented myself at the polls John Crowley, a member of
Captain McDonald's enrolled militia, paid to me, c What
are you corning here for?' J icphed,c To vote.' He said,
'God damn you, leave, or I will knock you out,' and he
dievv his list back to hit me. Theie were by at the time
about ten or twelve men of the enrolled militia; some of
them with side aims. I got away from them as quick
I could,and did not comedown into town thateveuingany
more. Tins was the first time I was ever prevented fiom
voting before, and I said I believed that I never would try
to vote any more. [ should have voted Tor John P. Bruce
tor Congress if the enrolled militia had not thus interfered.
IC Question. Did you know or hear of any interference
on the pait of the friends of John P. Bruce to prevent per-
sons from voting for Loan or Blanch for Congiess?
'■♦tfjisicei. 1 did not.
" Question. Do joii know of any particular reason why
you were prevented from voting?
".Answer. None, unless that I was going to vote for John
P. Biuce. I had always been as loyal to the Union as any
man iu the State."
Mr. GANSON. I now ask the Clerk to read
from page 25 the testimony ofGeorge \V. Rose, in
answer to the third question put to him.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" •Answer. I was at Stewartsville at the said election,
and in the evening went toward the voting place with the
intention, and a ticket, to vote for John l\ Bruce; before
the door of the house where the election was held two
members of the enrolled militia weie posted, with sabers
and pistols, apparently guarding the door; they were ac-
quaintances or mine, to wit, Samuel Chenowith and Robert
Kills, rio soon as they saw ine coming to the door they
remaiked, there comes one of the'Bruce men,'and said
to itic that 1 could not vote then at these polls for John P.
Bruce for Congress. I commenced learning with them ;
and insisting upon my right to vote, t told them they weie
actingTiui of their sphere of duty; they replied that it was
no u e to talk aboutit—I could not vote; not that they had
any objection to me ; that thoy knew how I was going to
vote, and that wat> enough. I "found it wa  useless to per-
sist, as I was* unwilling to force a passage thiough a guard
who had sabers and pistols. I should have voted for John
P. Bruce foi Congress if 1 had been allowed to get to the
polls."
Mr. GANSON. I will not take up the time of
the House by having any more of the testimony
read.
As has been stated to the House, this is the
first election that occurred in Missouri since the
commencement of the rebellion. The State af-
fairs had been administered by a provisional gov-
ernor since the fore part of August, 1861. In the
spring or summer of 1862 a State convention
was in session, which, among other things, pre-
scribed an additional qualification for office-hold-
ers and voters in that State by requiring them to
take an oath that they had not been engaged m
the rebellion since December, 1861, or had given
aid and comfort to the enemy. Provision was*
also made for electing judges of election. The
ordinance of the convention, the constitution of
the State, and the laws of the State prescribe what
the duty of these judges was. They w«re a le-
gally constituted body to preside at the election,
to determine who were qualified voters and who
were not. They were officers of the law. They
were amenable to the law for a proper discharge
of their duty, and a violation of it would entail
upon them*heavy penalties and severe punish-
ment. It was their duty under the ordinance of
the convention to administer to any person who
came to the polls this new oath prescribed as a
condition precedent to the right of any person to
