136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
ators and members of the House of Representa-
tives. I do not know the person who has written
this pamphlet. I shall not be made acquainted
with the value of hisfactsafter I shall have read it.
But what I most object to are the statements that
are based upon it and given as the faith of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, who occupies here
the high position of cnairraan of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, that the country is heart-sick
with the administration of this Department of the
Government. I hope that the Senator will feel it
to be his duty to take back that expression. I
think that it ill becomes him or any other Senator
to make so broad an assertion here. It is time,
sir, that we were done trifling with this class of
accusations, so loosely made, upon matters of the
deepest importance and consequence. I hope the
subject will lie over for mature consideration and
action.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, if I made the ex-
pression as broad as the honorable Senator from
California has put it, I certainly will withdraw it.
The position which I took was that I believed the
country was heart-sick at the failures in the con-
struction of these steam-engines, and not in regard
to the administration of the Navy Department
generally; 1 do not know whether my language
was as guarded as it should have been. 1 believe
that there are in the Navy Department not only as
honest, butasefficieutandcapable officers as there
are in this Government or any other, but the failure
to which I alluded and of which 1 said, so far as
my observation extended, the country was heart-
sick, was in regard to the construction of steam-
engines.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, I will state that I should, while up, have also
taken exception, as! felt disposed to do, to another
form of language used by the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, when refer-
ring to the Navy Department. I understood him
directly to cast a reflection upon its head by refer-
ring to its " so-called head." I hope, sir, as I
before said, that these attacks will not be con-
tinued. If it shall be shown, or can be shown by
indubitable facts, that there is maladministration
in that or any other Department, the Senator from
New Hampshire can have my vote and voice in
its correction, and in the application of that cor-
rection at the earliest moment of time; but I say
let the faith of the people in those who administer
its Government at this time not be unnecessarily
broken. I protestagainst everything that goes to
that end.
Mr. HALE. In regard to this matter I must
say that I differ with anybody who thinks that the
charges brought are brought in such a way that
they ought not to be noticed, i think they ought;
and I think that the honorable Senator from Iowa,
speaking, as he says, for the Navy Department,
is right when he says that they court a full investi-
gation upon them.
I wish now to say a word in reply to what fell
from my friend from Wisconsin in regard to a
charge which is certainly new to me; mid that is,
that I have made wholesale charges against this
Administiation. I deny that I ever made any
charge against the Administration, or that I over
made any wholesale chaises against the Secre-
tary of the Navy. It is a little singular that such
a charge as that should be brought. Two years
ago, by the report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, I brought distinctly before the Senate a
particular transaction in which names and dates
and figures weie given. That report was made
after the matter had been referred to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, jind his own account had been
given to the Senate of the transaction; and that,
and that alon'e, was everything in which I diffeied
with the Secretary of the Navy, or with any other
part of this Administration.
But, Mr. President, let me tell the honorable
Senator from California, and every other Senator
on -this lloor, that they will do infinitely more
to weaken public confidence m the Administration
whenever there is an attempt to shrink from a
proper and fair investigation of its concerns. The
transactions of the Navy Department, and of
every other Department, should be open as day;
and they should ever be ready to meet any and
every investigation coaching its conduct; and they
do nothing moa than justice to themselves and
to the country when they ;uk such an investiga-
tion.
I distinctly averred when I first rose that I made
no voucher for any of these charges; but how shall
we know whether the Department is well admin-
istered or not, if, when charges are made, and
publicly made, made in a court-room, made m the
press, made not by an anonymous publication,
but by an individual who gives his name, we re-
fuse to investigate them ? If the Senate can see
any other mode than the one I suggested they will
relieve me abundantly, and gratefully would I re-
ceive any action of the Senate that should give
this investigation any other turn than that it should
come to myself, or to the committee of which I
am a member. I do not desire it. It is a burden
from which I would gladly be relieved; but while
I would gladly be relieved from it, I will not shrink
from it. I have done nothing but what I conceive
to be my duty, and my plain and obvious duty,
and I ask nothing more. I do not ask the Senate
to indorse these charges. I do not ask them to
order an investigation at my motion. The matter
is before the Senate. Every Senator has as much
interest in it as I have. Every Senator is as much
interested in the purity of the Administration, and
in the purity of the administration of all its De-
partments, as I am. I ask nothing; I indorse
nothing; I simply lay the facts before the Senate.
If the Senate thinks them not worthy of investi-
gation I am perfectly content, as I am that it shall
be taken up next Monday or any other day the
Senate thinks proper.
Mr. DAVIS. I had notintended to say a word
on this occasion, but I have been referied to so
repeatedly, and especially by the honorable Sen-
ator from California, that I feel it imperative upon
me to say a few words.
Mr. President, I have remarked from the time I
first took my seat in this body, the extreme rest-
iveness, the impatience, the perfect revulsion with
which the questioning of any of the acts of this
Administration is received by its peculiarfriends.
I tell the honorable Senator, and alt other Sena-
tois, that they may as well learn to submit to it
at once. The acts of the Administration are the
proper subjects ofinvestigation, and while I have
a seat on this Senate floor, and have reason and
voice, they shall be investigated to the extent of
my poorabihties. I shall do it in a manner, ac-
cording to my judgment, that becomes a Senator
and a man; but I intend to do it, let the conse-
quences be what they may. Why, sir, has it
come to this, that the acts of an Administration
of a great Government organized and instituted
by the people, based upon afreeConstitution and
upon the great principle of popular government,
cannot be investigated by those who differ from
its line of policy, without incurring the vehement
denunciation of the advocates of the Government,
as it is termed'' I protest against any such prin-
ciple or any such practice as that. When it
becomes inaugurated and installed as the course
that members in the opposition are to take in re-
lation to this or any other Administration, then
liberty is gone forever. While there is life in
me, I will never submit to such a principle as that.
The Senator says that it ill becomes gentlemen,
and especially referiiug to the Senator from New
Ilampshiie, to endeavor to weaken the confidence
of the country in the high officers who arc ad-
ministeung the Government. Sir, there is some-
thing more unbecoming than that in the courseof
Senators who indulge* in such a line of conduct;
find it is this: to endeavor to scieenfrom investi-
gation those in whom public confidence is sought
to be sapped where they are delinquent. I lay it
down as a principle of morals in politics, of duty,
of patriotism and statesmanship, too, that where
men high in office so act as to merit a forfeiture of
public confidence, he who endeavors to disclose
their shortcomings is in the highest line of the
performance of his duty.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree with you, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I am gratified that the Senator
does agree with me; and I trust he will show no
further impatience when an investigation in rela-
tion to the maladministration of this Adminis-
tiation or any of its officers is proposed. Sir, the
pure gold loses nothing by friction; it shines the
brighter. Men who are conscious of an honest
discharge of their duties to their country and to
then Government never fear, but always court
investigation.
Sir, 1 am son y to have said wlun 1 have said
on diL- pMjgent oe\.v-  ou. 1 hate milked at vmi-
ous times the distaste, (but I care not for it,) the
revulsion (but I care not for that) w*tU which men
sometimes listen to my reroaiks m condemnation
of the powers that be. Sir, I have lived a life now
of some years. It has not often been my fate to
be in the majority; but occupying a position in
the minority, being at one time a Representative
in the House, now a member of the Senate, and
above all an American freeman, whose liberties
are guarantied to him by the Constitution of my
country, I dare do, and I intend to continue to
dare to do my duty in the investigation of the
maladministration of the Government. I com-
menced disciplining myself in the school of oppo-
sition when he of the Hermitage was President.
Yes, sir, I have heard the lordly roar of the old
hon of the Hermitage, and so have many men who
were educated in that school of opposition, with-
out quailing, and they who have listened to the roar
of that monarch of the political forest, as it were,
are not going to be frightened by the howl of
jackals. [Laughter.]
Sir, 1 am earnest in the utterance of my opin-
ions, because I conceive them strongly. I intend
no discourtesy to any gentleman,and if I am con-
victed of any discourteous course towards any
gentleman whatever, the highest pleasure and
pride of my life would be to make him an atone-
merit by a proper apology. I ask but the fieedom
of an A merican citizen to invest igatc the adminis-
tration of my Government, the administration of
Abraham Lincoln, as I investigated that of James
Buchanan, and of Franklin Pierce, and of all the
preceding Presidents; and that far I intend to
claim and exercise the right.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from New
Hampshire or the Senator fiom Kentucky sup-
poses that there is any disposition here to shrink
from the investigation of any truth m relation to
this Administration, or that there is any disposi-
tion to screen or to cover up the truth of any
transaction in the administration of the Gov-
ernment, they are entirely mistaken. There is
no such purpose. It has been most distinctly dis-
avowed. All that I said was this: that unfounded
and unnecessary attacks made upon the Admin-
istration by any member of this body, and espe-
cially when made upon the Navy Department
by the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, are things that I most deeply regret, for the
reason that from the very source from which
they come they have a tendency to destroy the
confidence of the people in the administration of
that Department, with which, if he is not, he
ought to be, very closely associated. I repent,
sir, that the source fiom which thisattack r.omes
reminds me of the former attack upon the head
of that Department in relation to the purchase of
vessels in New York. Although, as the Senator
says, he referred in that ease to partieulars^stated
names, and gave dates, it was not to that to which
I referred in my previous remarks, but to the gen-
eral denunciations contained in that speech of his
which we had repeated to the Senate je^terduy,
and which every friend of this Govei nment and
this Ad ministration had to meet all over the coun-
try and to refute. I deplore such unnecessary
and uncalled-for attacks ft om such asoince. Let
us hcive an opportunity of examining to* a short
lime to sec what this yellow-covercd pamphlet
contains befote wo are called upon to vote to raise
a committee of investigation with power to si-nd
for persons and papeis, and thus sti ike a blow at
the confidence of the country in the Administra-
tion and in the Government. If there bo any
well-founded charges in it, I shall notsbrink,nor
shall I attempt to screen any officer of the Q-ov-
ernment, either in or out of the Senate.
The Senator from Kentucky says he has h^ard
the hurt of the Pleimilage roar, and was not tem-
fied. I do not think anything would terrify the
Senator from Kentucky. I never doubt-<1 his
courage. But he states another fact, and it is a
pregnant fact, that lie was schooled in opposition
fo the Government for twenty or thirty yeais of
his life.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me a
single word, he entirely mistakes me. X did not
say that I was schooled in opposition to the Gov-
ernment. What! Sciid was that I was schooled
in opposition to tlie maladministration of the Gov-
ei mneiit.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Srhooh d i;t oppuMthnt to
til* AdinUin.iiaUon uf Geneiel jaciuon. That
