1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senator from Iowa says, he would have to go to
the courts. Why does not the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts the next time one of his Ethiopian
friends comes to complain to him on this subject
that he has been wronged and outraged, volun-
teer to bring an action in the courts and teach
this heartless corporation that they must treat
these persons properly, and not deny them any
of their legal rights?
The Senator seems to think that it is an exceed-
ing gratification and satisfaction to have the priv-
ilege of riding in a car with a negro. He spoke
of the remark of my friend from Connecticut as
if it was a matter of exceeding satisfaction that
he had been riding in a railway coach with a ne-
gro this evening. Why, sir, to-day I have ridden
between the Capitol and Eighth street three dif-
ferent times, and one car had three negroes in,
and another had two negroes, and the third had
one; but I did not feel any great satisfaction in
it. I felt no very great repugnance about it. The
negroes behaved themselves; I did not molest
them, and they did not molest me. I am willing,
however, to do one thing, and as I suppose the
Senator from Massachusetts has accomplished
all he desires—he has made a display here to
gratify the fanatical feeling of his constituents at
home—1 am willing to provide that he shall not
be excluded from associating with the negroes in
railway cars or elsewhere. 1 thought at one time
of moving such an amendment, but on reflection
I came to the conclusion that it would look as if
it were personal, and therefore I shall not offer
it; but if the Senator from Massachusetts will
draw up an amendment providing that this rail-
road company shall pass no rule or regulation
that will prohibit him from riding in the cars set
apart for colored persons, I will vote for it with
a great deal of pleasure, if it will afford him any
satisfaction; but I do not think he ought to re-
quire other people to have negroes thrust in on
them, provided the railroad company chooses to
set apart other cars for them.
1 have never made any fuss about this matter.
When I take my place in a public conveyance, I
abide the rules and regulations of the company.
If they have certain coaches into which I cannot
enter because I have not a lady with me, I say
nothing about it. 1 go to the place assigned to me,
and there 1 try to behave myself as becomesa mod-
estgentleman. Iftheyadoptsucharegulation here,
and have cars marked "For colored people," I
should not put my foot in them, and I never have
done so, because I should feel as if I were poach-
ing on the manor of the negro. If they had a car
marked " Exclusively forladiesandgentlemenac-
companying them," 1 would not put my foot in
it unless I was escorting a lady. I am satisfied
to take that coach which the company has set
apart for me. I think that is all you ought to re-
quire of any of these companies,and if as common
carriers they do not do their duty, every person
aggrieved has his right of action against them.
1 think the Senate ought to vote down this
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
I suppose he has derived all the benefit from it
that he wanted. He has indicated to his fanatical
brethren, those people who meet in free-love so-
cieties, the old ladies, and the sensation preach-
ers, and those who live on fanaticism, that he
has-offered it. As he has accomplished that pur-
pose, let us now legislate as becomes sensible
Senators, and let us make a law that excludes
nobody and that mentions nobody in particular.
The Senator might just as well, if a bill were
pending to fix a penalty for an infraction of the
laws of the United States, propose to-amend it
by saying that nobody should be excluded from
the penalty unless he were a white man, or a
black man, or a Ted man. It would be just as
sensible. I want the laws general. I am not m
favor of legislating exclusively for one man over
another. If I were to do it, I confess that the
pride I have in my race, believing them to be su-
perior to the black race, would induce me to legis-
late in favor of my own race afid color; but this
bill as it now stands gives preference to none,
and I see no reason why we should take up the
time of the Senate eternally with squabbling over
the Senator's amendments introducing the negro
into every wood-pile that comes along.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 14, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lanier, Conner, Dixon, Foot, Howard, Morgan, Pomeroy,
Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekaiew, Carlile, Cowan, Davis, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Powell,
Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Ten Evck, Trumbull, and
Willey—16. - <
ABSENT—Messrs. Dooiittie,Fessenden, Hale, Harding,
Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Hicks, Howe, Lane of Kansas,
McDousall, Morrill, Nesmith,llnmsey, Richardson, Sprague,
Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to amend the first
section of the bill by striking out the following
proviso:
Providetly That on Sundays the said company shall be
permuted to run cars at the same intervals of time as'pre-
scribed in tlie original law for tlie other days of*tlie week.
I suppose, sir, it is hardly necessary to have
such a provision in the bill even for those who
desire to have, the cars running on the Sabbath
day. I noticed that on the last Sabbath the cars
were running on the road quite regularly all day.
It is apparent, therefore, that there mijst be no
authority to prohibit them from running now un-
der the laws as they exist. The bill as it came
from the House of Representatives made it ob-
ligatory on the company to do so, whether they
desire to do so or not. The Senate committee
reported an amendment giving the company the
privilege of running the ears on the Sabbath day
if they see proper to do so. Now, I hope that if
the company run the cars on the Sabbath day
they will do so of their own mere motion, with-
out the authority of Congress. There seems to
m'e to be no public necessity, that is no national
necessity or very general necessity, for the service
of these cars on the Sabbath day. They carry
no mails; they render no service to the Govern-
ment. If they are of any use on the Sabbath
day they are simply of private utility.
1 believe that this provision is against the Chris-
tian sentiment of the city; I believe it is against
the Christian sentiment of the country. I know
it is directly in the face of the express word of
God. And inasmuch as the cars may run upon
the Sabbath day without any legislation, with-
out any sanction direct or indirect on the part
of Congress, 1 do not wish to see the Senate of
the United States placing themselves in a posi-
tion that will be in direct violation of the plain
mandates of the Scriptures, and, as 1 think, will
be contrary to the Christian sentiment of the coun-
try, and will, in point of fact, accomplish no result
whatever. The cars now run without permis-
sion of Congress; they run without any mandate
of the law. Why, then, should we do a thing so
unnecessary and to me so abhorrent to the spirit
of the age, to Christianity, to the Bible, and! be-
lieve to the Christian sentiment of the city?
Mr. GRIMES. The bill as it was passed by
the- House of Representatives contained the word
"required" inthis proviso where the word "per-
mitted" now stands; in other words, the company
was required to run the cars on Sunday. TheCom-
mittee on the District of Columbia proposed to
strike out the word "required" and to substitute
therefor the word " permitted," and that amend-
ment has been agreed to. I think the Senator from
West Virginia is mistaken in supposing that the
company has the authority to run cars on Sunday
unless by some permission granted by Congress
or else in consequ'ence of some change that has
recently been made in a city ordinance. I am not
very well informed upon the subject, but I have
understood that when the company was organ-
ized it desired and sought an occasion to run the
cars on Sunday, but was restrained by the city
authorities from doing so. They commenced run-
ning last Sunday in anticipation of the passage of
this law, after the bill was passed by the House
of Representatives; and it may be possible that
the city authorities have changed their ordinance
on the subject within a short time; but I know
that the president of the company told me at the
commencement of the winter that the reason he
did not run the cars on Sunday was because he
was restrained by the city authorities.
While I am up I will state the reasons for this
permission. By another bill which we have
passed we have authorized this company to con-
struct a suburban railroad running out as far as
the limits of the District of Columbia extend. -If
this city grows, as every man who is familiar
with the country around us and with the condi-
tion of public affairs, I think,-expects thatitrmi«t
continue to grow, a large population will in a
short time gather out on the lines of the vari&as
railroads. They will be removed from churcft.
It is exceedingly desirable that they'ishould have
some facilities for getting to chttrch. It is even
found necessary, I believe, in what; sorae people
call the puritanical city of Boston, to run the cars
on Sunday to enable the population to go ! to
church. I am told that is the reason whrch-is as-
signed. It was thought by those who secured the
passage of this bill in the other House*, as 1 under-
stand, that as the population extended it would
be desirable that the people should have the fa-
cilities of coming to the town, to get into it and
out of it.
I confess for myself that I am not one of those
who would exclude the working man of the city
from the privilege of getting into a street car and
going out where he can see green fields and green
trees on the Sabbath day. I believe that a large
portion of the community might worship their
Maker quite as acceptably in positions of that
kind—in recreations, if you see fit to call them
so, relaxations I would call them from the la-
bors of the week—as they would be beingcooped
up here on the hot pavements of the city. As a
sanitary measure I should be willing to permit
this company, if they believe it to be their inter-
est and the community demand it, to run their
cars on Sunday.
Mr. JOHNSON. A portion of the argument
mentioned by the honorable member from West
Virginia, if well founded, would with me and
with the Senate no doubt be conclusive; and that
is that such a permission as we propose to give to
this company is against the law of God. I do not
exactly know what part of the law of God as re-
vealed to us the honorable member refers to. He
has cited jjo particular passage either from th.e
Old or the New Testament. But one thing I
know, or at least I think I know, that it is tfao
duty of every man to go to church and worship
God according to his own conscience; and if in
the particular locality in which he happens to be
he cannot get to church without extraneous help,
there ought to be some mode in which he would
be able to get to church. My friend from West
Virginia, I presume, has lived in the country a
great part of his life, as I have during a portion
of mine; and in the part of Maryland where I
lived perhaps the churches were more numer-
ous than in the portion of Virginia where he
lived; butin Maryland in the country the churches
are sometimes five, six, orseven miles away from
the residence ofagreat many of the worshipers,and
they get to church by calling upon their grooms
to bring out their horses, harness them, put them
in their coaches, and making their drivers drive
them to church. That, I suppose, is not against
the law of God; and yet the coachman is made to
labor in one sense on the Sabbath; the beasts are
made to labor on the Sabbath; everybody who is
concerned in enabling the party to get to church
labors on the Sabbath; but I never heard it inti-
mated by anybody, not even by a clergyman,
that there was anything inconsistent with any
prohibition or any principle to be found in the
Old or New Testament in a practice of this de-
scription ; on the contrary, I have always seen that
the clergyman liked to have his church as full as
he could get it, without reference to the manner
in which the people got there.
Now, in this city, which was called in former
times, and is still, a city of magnificent distances,-
the churches are almost as far apart as they are
in the country; and if the weather is very hot or
very cold, if it rains or if it snows, no man or
woman can get to church without some extra-
neous aid; to walk might be impossible. I sub-
mit, therefore, that my friend from West Virginia
is perhaps placing too literal an interpretation ,
upon some text' in Scripture, perhaps inconsist-
ent with the spirit. It is difficult for us to under-
stand always these scriptural injunctions. We
may catch and comprehend their general spirit,
and make our conduct conform to such spirit,
but a literal construction of many of the injunc-
tions which are to be found in the Old and New
Testaments, as I am sure everybody will admit,
would be inconsistent with the purpose which
the Maker of the world intended to effect; and,
