138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
raiserate the Senator in his present position. To
what base uses,sir, do we come at last 1 But, sir,
all 1 have to say in this matter can be now said in
a very few words. I say to the Senator from
Kentucky, and to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, that it cannot be fairly deduced from any
remarks made by me, that 1 would now shrink,
or will ever shrink from any investigation, founded
on facts, necessary to the illustration of the proper
mode of conducting this, our Government, and I
think it was rather disingenuous for a Senator to
attribute thattone to either the remarks that I made,
or those that fell from the Senator from Wisconsin.
But, sir, taking the case as stated by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, namely, his great
loyalty and advocacy and defense upon all occa-
sions of constitutional liberty, (which is indeed a
very high office,) what is the position of those
gentlemen here who are associated with me more
nearly politically? - I take the case as stated by
the Senator. Our defense is of the Administra-
tion, of those agents engaged in carrying on the
Government to the legitimate extent to which that
support should be given. "While we confine our-
selves to these respective spheres, I do not see
but that the country will go on very quietly, the
Senator from Kentucky defending constitutional
liberty, we defending the proper administration
of the Government. I think, sir, there is hope
in the future.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, one word. The
Senator from New Hampshire, in the course of
his remarks, imputed to me the assertion, I believe,
that I was authorized to speak as the representa-
tive of the Navy Department.
Mr. HALE. I understood the Senator to say
that he spoke for himself and for the Navy De-
partment.
Mr. GRIMES. What I did say, or intended
to say—I think I used the language—was, that
as a friend of the naval service, and as a friend of
the Department, 1 felt authorized to say, but not
as the representative of the Navy Department,
that I believed the Navy Department would desire
the most thorough investigation intoany charges
that any Senator heie will rise in his place and
assert that he believes to be tiuc, oi that he has
reason to believe to be true. I desire now to say
also that when any Senator shall desire an inves-
tigation into the transactions of that Department,
or into the transactions of any other Department
or bureau in this Government, he shall always
have my vote in favor of his proposition, as the
Senator from New Hampshire shall have my vote
in favor of this; but I wish to submit to the candor
of the Senator himself whether he thinks this res-
olution is drawn in exactly the phraseology that
we ought to adopt. If the investigation is to be
confined to the subject of these steam-engines, I
have no objection, for that seems to be what the
Senator predicates his ease upon; but this reso-
lution goes far beyond that, and 1 think is what
might very properly be called a fishing resolution.
It reads:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs V in-
structed to inquire into tlie present condition of the Navy,
the efficiency of the btcnin-angincs lately con^u acted nnd
now being constructed for the use of the Navy, the mode
and manner of piocmmg supplied for the Navy, and the
condition ol the Department generally; and that they have
power to send tor persons and papeis.
" The condition of the Department generally !"
Is this committee to be authorized to go into an
investigation as to the assignment of particular
officers to particular ships, or whether one man
has been detached improperly from one ship and
added to another? The investigation under this
resolution would be interminable, and the com-
mittee, if they undertook it, would never be able
to reach any accurate conclusion, any conclusion
that it would be safe for the members of this body
to act upon. It would only create "confusion
worse confounded." I trust, therefore, that the
Senator^^ill confine his resolution to some par-
ticular, specific inquiry. If he wants to take up
the subject of supplies, if he alleges that frauds
have been perpetrated upon the Government in
furnishing supplies to any bureau in the Navy
Department, I will go with him to instruct any
committee, a select or a standing committee, to
thoroughly oveihaul that subject. If he wants
to take up the subject of the construction of ships,
I am willing to do that; but I do not think the
Senate ought to adopt a resolution in such broad
phraseology as this is couched in.
Mr. HALE. In regard to that suggestion,lct
me say that I have no choice, no preference; but
I will state, us the Senator from Iowa has called
it up, that there are one or two other matters upon
which I think there ought to be investigation; and
one of them is the matter of furnishing supplies.
If I understand the Secretary aright, he proposes
to abolish the present mode of furnishing them.
I have seen—and I base this statement upon offi-
cial documents which have come under my no-
tice—a list of articles furnished by advertised pro-
posals to the Navy Department, where the price
varied from one hundred to ten hundred per cent!
above the market price. For instance, an article
costing twelve dollars has been furnished at §150.
That i have seen in the official statements.
Mr. WILSON. Did the Government take it at
that price?
Mr. HALE. The Government took it; the
market price being twelve dollars, and the con-
tract price §150. 1 will mention another article
that I have seen in that same list. Cotton waste,
the market price of which was twenty-nine cents,
has been furnished by contract on ad vcrtised pro-
posals at eighty cents. Things of that sort I
have seen from the official records of the Depart-
ment. Now, what 1 want to find out is whether
that is one of the inevitable consequences grow-
ing out of the system itself, or whether there has
been misconduct, and if so, where. 1 aver noth-
ing upon this subject as to whose the fault is, but
the fact I do aver, for I have seen it.
Mr. CONNESS, With the Senator's consent
I should like to ask him a single question.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. My question is, if,upon this
state of things, the Senator has ever conferred
with the head of the Department in regard to it,
and sought any explanation from the Navy De-
partment?
Mr, HALE. I have.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to have the an-
swer which was given.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I will give the answer,
as near ns I con recollect it. The answer that I
undet stood to be given was that they were obliged
to take the lowest bid. That was the answer that
was given to me. There may be a great many
suggestions made in regard to how such things
happen, which I intended to reach by this inquiry.
I will tell the Senator from Iowaanother thing.
There have been some statements made to me (1
do not know whether they are facts or not) equally
objectionable with this. Now, sir,in this I make
no charge. It may be the inevitable consequence
of our law that the Secretary is obliged to pay
$150 for what he knows is worth but twelve dol-
lars in open market.
Mr. ANTHONY. What are the articles?
Mr. HALE. Monkey-wrenches.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 will state in regard to the
article of cotton waste, that I suppose there is
no time when there is not a great difference be-
tween different qualities. If one quality would
be worth twenty-nine cents, another would be
worth eighty. At any tune, one quality is worth
five or six limes as much as another.
Mr. HALE. I do not know anything about
that; but these are facts which come to me, and
I think they ought to be inquired into. I am not
particular about the form of the resolution. I am
willing that it shall be put in any form. I am
willing that there shall be a special commission
authorized by the President. I am willing that
the inquiry shall be made in any way; and the
last one 1 want is that it may be referred to  the
Committee on Naval Affairs. Having said thus
much, before I sit down, I move to amend the
resolution so that, instead of the Naval Commit-
tee, a select committee shall make the inquiry.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, there is no
question but thatgreat frauds aie perpetrated upon
the Navy Department in the matter to which the
Senator has alluded; but it is the fault of the Con-
gress of the United States that they are perpe-
trated, and not of the Navy Department. If the
Senator will refer to the tenth volume of the Laws
of Congress, Little & Brown'sedition,page 583,
the act approved August 5,1855, he will see that
each one of these bureaus is compelled to procure
supplies in classes. There is hardly any article
known to any merchant transacting business in any
portion of the country that is not at some time or I
other requited in our navy-yards. They divide I
these different articles off, and classify them ac-
couling to the description of the goods: in the arti-
cle of iron, all the descriptions of iron they want;
in the article of hardware, all of that description;
paints, oils, and dyestuffs, everything of that
description; groceries, everything of that descrip-
tion; and so on. Then they have various kinds
of miscellaneous articles embodied together, and
the frauds to which the Senator has alluded have
been perpetrated in this miscellaneous class.
Having had my attention already called to this
subject, privately, by the Senator from New
Hampshire, I have before me the bids that were
made by the different parties at the navy-yard
here for the supply of the identical articles to
which the Senator from New Hampshire has al-
luded. These bids were made, one by a man
named J. L. Savage, another by Collins & Co.,
another by a man named H.D. Stover, it is true
that Mr. Stover proposed to furnish monkey-
wrenches for forty dollars a dozen, and Mr. Sav-
age pioposed to furnish them at $150 a dozen,
while Collins & Co. proposed to furnish them at
twenty dollars a dozen; and it is also true that
Stover proposed to furnish cotton waste at sixty
cents, while Savage proposed to furnish it at six-
teen cents. But there were in this same class six
hydraulic jacks asked for. Mr. Savage agreed
to furnish them at §290 apiece, while Mr. Stover
asked $465 apiece. When you come to add up
these bids, which are made in classes in accord-
ance with a law of Congress which I have sought
in vain to have repealed, and which I think the
Senator from New Hampshire did not vote with
me in favor of repealing—[Mr. Hale shook his
head.] Yes, sir; two years ago I sought to abol-
ish this whole system under which naval supplies
are furnished, and the Senatoropposed my move-
ments—I say, when you come to add up these
bids it will be found that the lowest bidder is Mr.
Savage, and the highest bidder is Mr. Stover, al-
though on the two articles of monkey-wrenches
and cotton waste Mr. Stover was the lowest bid-
der. Mr. Savage was the lowest on the aggre-
gate, while. Mr. Stover was the highest on the
aggregate by some four hundred and odd dollars;
yet on these particular items Stover was the low-
est bidder.
if the Government had not carried into effect
the law of Congress, and had refused to accept
any of those bids, it would have been forced then
to go into open market through your Navy agents
—a species of nuisance that i have also attempted
to abolish. Let me tell you what the law is in
regard to that; for I intend, if my life is pre-
served, to again introduce a bill to abolish the
whole system under which naval supplies are now
furnished. The master mechanic at the navy-
yard in the town of Charlestown, for instance, or
any other yard, will report to the Navy Depart-
ment that he will probably want so many articles
of a particular character, and so many others of
another character, and so on. He will have an
understanding with a man who is about to bid
for the coiitiaot, that he will really want ten times
as many of certain articles as the Department is '
informed by him that he will want. The Depart-
ment advertises that it will want the number cer-
tified by the master workman. Then the bidder
who is in collusion with the master workman
will put those particular items at a very high
price in his bid. He is also informed by the same
master workman that there arc some other arti-
cles of which he will want but very few, but he
recommends the Department here to advertise for
a laige number of them, representing that they
will be wanted. The bidder proposes to furnish
these articles to the Government at a very small
price. When he comes to supply the Government
with the articles for which he has obtained a con-
tract, he supplies only a few of those articles that
are put in at a very small price, and a great many
of the articles that are putin at a very large price.
If the Government refuse to accept the bid entirely,
they are forced by the laws of Congress to go into
the open market, and purchase through the Navy
agents. You have another law which declares
that if any Navy agent who goes into the market
to make purchases shall produce a certificate of
two respectable merchants that the article bought
by him is purchased at the ordinary market price,
his account font shall be audited and allowed.
I am told, though I shall not assert that it is so,
that there have been certificates furnished in re-
