2160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6/
and what remarks he heard persons make, and
from what he heard said he ventures an opinion
as to the number of voters h? thinks were pre-
vented in that entire county from voting for con-
testant. And this is claimed as evidence for the
contestant! There aie eightelection precincts in
tjiis county, and this veracious witness is the at-
torney or counsel employed by the contestantto
procure evidence for him in this county, but fail-
ing to get any swears himself. Can such evidence
be entitled to any serious consideration?
The aggregate vote for Congress in this county
at this election was 675. The vote for judges in
1863-was only 633, being 42 less than in 1862, as
is shown by the exhibits, while the aggregate
vote of the county for President in 1860 was but
940, giving comparatively a very small margin of
votes for the secession element which then existed
there. It certainly cannot be insisted that theie
is any evidence to impeach the election in the
county of Atchison.
As to the electiorftn Livingston county, four
witnesses testify in regard to one precinct m Chil-
licothe, and one as to Utica precinct, in Green
township. From their testimony it would se«'rn
that a squad of Missouri soldiers commanded by
a Lieutenant Colonel Jacobson, at Chillicothe, had
some little difficulty on the morning of the elec-
tion with a man named Hutchinson,at the polls,
as to his voting, and also with the judges of elec-
tionasto whether disloyal men should be allowed
to vote, it being claimed that Hutchinson was dis-
loyal; and the judges for a time, in consequence
of Jacobson's conduct in this matter, refused to
proceed with the election; and Jacobson caused
Hutchinson to be taken outof the house. It fur-
ther appears, however, that on telegraphing to
Governor Gamble on the subject, he at once sent
an order to Jacobson, and thereupon Jacobson
and his men left; and the voting was resumed and
went on without any other interruption, Hutch-
inson himself voting with the rest; and the whole
delay did not exceed one hour. No person is
shown to have been prevented from voting at this
precinct.
As to the Utica precinct, it may be inferred
from the testimony of the only witness produced
that some soldiers from the twenty-seventh Mis-
souri regiment, from Chillicothe, under Major
Howe, came there in the morning us he said to
guard the polls and sec that no disloyal persons
voted, and that the judges of election, on his so
notifying them, consulted together and determ-
ined not to open the polls until they heard from
Chillicothe. A icply was soon received from Chil-
licothe,and an order for Howe and Ins men to re-
turn, which they did, and the voting went on with-
out interruption, the polls having been opened be-
fore the soldiers left. This was about noon.
But the witnesses called to show these facts are
several of them far from being above suspicion.
One of them, named John W. Garr, thus illus-
trates on cross-examination the nature of his loy-
alty:
" Question. Have you evei linen a member of the mili-
tia of tins county,and if not, for what ie;w>n ?
" Jlnwer. I have nor. I got a eertiiicate of exemption
lis a sympathizer with the leheiiion.'5
The contestant still insisting on the soundness
of the loyalty of hia witness, theieupon ^exam-
ines him as follows:
(i Question. Have you not always been for the Constitu-
tion as it is and the Union as- it was, and a triemi of the
Government?
'"Jlnsaer. I have always been a constitutional Union
man, in lavoi of the old Constitution."
A sympathizer with the rebellion in Missouri
is a " constitutional Union man !" I congratulate
the honorable gentleman fiom New Yoik, [Mr.
Brooks,] who prides himself on this floor as be-
ing a "constitutional Union man," that we have
here in Missouii found a member of his party,
and a local exposition of its principles and its
loyalty.
The most that can be claimed, from the testi-
mony as to Utica and one precinct in Chillicothe,
in Livingston coijnty, is that at each poll for an
hour or so the judges of election, on account of
some disagreement with the military officer tem-
porarily there, lefused or declined to go on with
the election. Nothing of mterfeience with or in-
timidation of voters is shown; but it is fairly to
be inferred that the judges were unwilling that
there should be any 'military guard at the polls,
and therefore waited to telegraph to the Governor
and have the soldiers ordered away before they
would proceed with the election; and the Gov-
ernor seems to have humored these punctilious
gentlemen in this respect, and the soldiers, as
good and loyal citizens, promptly obeyed. ♦
But it is the height of absurdity to claim or in-
sist that there was military interference with or
intimidation of voters in this county at this election
to the prejudice of contestant. The testimony
shows that there were seven election precincts in
this county, and the witnesses only testify as to
what occurred at two of these precincts, and at
one of these—the Chillicothe precinct—the contest-
ant received over three times as many votes as the
sitting member, and in Greene, called also Utica,
the other precinct, he received over six times as
many votes as the sitting member did, and the
official canvass shows that in this county of Liv-
ingston the contestant received more than twice
the number of votes that were cast for General
Loan, his opponent.
That this was originally a strong secession
county, or has been much affected by the rebel-
lion, is apparent from a comparison of tire aggre-
gate vote of differentyeara. For Prosidigg.in IS60
tt was 1,469; for Congress in 1862 it was 683;
and for judges in 1863, 903. Of this vote for Presi-
dent in 1860 20 votes were cast for Lincoln, 401
for Douglas, 578 for Bull, and 470 for Breckin-
ridge. Is it strange, then, that since the war this
secession element in this county has withdrawn
some voters from the polls? Is the contestant
anxious for their votes? If not, why this parade
in the evidence and m the report of the majority
of the committee of the vote of 1860 as a basis of
comparison? In Andrew county all ofcontestant's
testimony is taken before the clerk of the cncuit
court, without, notice and without authority, and
the written objection of the sitting member to the
taking of the'testimony before such person pre-
cedes the depositions. The said clerk also styles
himself recorder of the county, but he is only
conlerof deeds, and not a judicial officer, and is not
authorized to take depositions in such cases, and
the whole testimony is objected to by the sitting
member, and is manifestly illegal and cannot be
received in the case. There is therefore no testi-
mony before this House as to this county, the
act of 1851 being dear and explicit as to the per-
sons who are authorized to take depositions in
such cases, and on this ground alone we might
rest the case, so far as the consideration of the
election heie is concerned.
But while insisting upon this fatal objection to
the testimony, we will look at it for a moment to
see whatitdise,loses. We notice thatit is wholly
confined to one precinct, the Savannah precinct,
notwithstanding that there are eight election pie-
eiucts in the county. Fiom the whole deposi-
tions it may be inferred that there was quite1 a
ciowd of citizens at and around the polls at Sa-
vannah and some nois 'and confusion; that a por-
tion of the crowd was composed of men wearing
the militia uniform, but that they were not sol-
dieis on duty, and that there was no military
guaid at the polls. That a few peisons found it
difficult to vote by reason of the crowd, or were
hindered in attempting to vote, some of them
claiming that tSn-y were pushed back from the
poll:s, and that.as they think, it was* U cause they
were opposed to the unconditional Union ticket.
That numheis in the ciowd expressed themselves
a^ opposed to secessionists and to allowing them
to vote, but that the judges of election allowed
eveiy man to vote who ottered to who was other-
wise qualified and who would take the oath pre-
scribed by the convention ordinance. It also ap-
pears that usually at almost every general elec-
tion there is quite a ciowd at and mound the
polls at Savannah, lemlering itsomewhatdifTicult
to get up to the polls to vote. It further appears
that at this time all the loyal men in Andrew
county between the proper military ages were
enrolled as militiamen and that numbers of them
were in the habit of wearing every day and when
not on duty clothing that had been furnished them
as militiamen, and"that no_ military guard was
stationed at the polls. It is also stated in the
testimony that some persons in the county staid
away and would not come to the polls to vote,
alleging as a reason that they would not take an
oath unknown to the Constitution and laws of the
country, or, in other words, that they were ilis-
loval and would not take the oath prescribed by
the convention ordinance. Will contestant charge
the loyal militia with depriving him of these votes?
The presumption is strong that no serious in-
terruption of voters took place here, as Lieutenant
Colonel Nash, the officer in command of the local
militia here, does not appear to hq^c been applied
to by the judges of election to protect the polls,
although he had previously notified them that he
would do so if necessary, sh5uld they call upon
him and desire it. The entire vote of this county
in 1862 was 1,112. The aggregate vote forjudges
in 1863 was only 1,218, a difference of only 106
votes. The vote for President in 1860 was 1,912,
of which Mr. Lincoln received 97, Breckinridge
319, Douglas 819, and Bell 677.
These facts and comparisons show the strength
of the secession element here at the breaking out
of the rebellion, together with thedeaths, remov-
als, and other changes in the voting population
wrought in such a community by the "^ar. This
is strikingly illustrated in the deposition of Joseph
B. Nickel, in his answers to questions twenty-one
and twenty-two on his cross-examination, found
on page 91 of the printed evidence:
{£ Questional. Has there not, since the November elec-
tion, in I860, been a great many persons left the county of
Andrew, who are supposed to have joined the rebel army;
and has there not been a large number of men from Andrew
county who joined the Federal army; and have not many
persons moved away from Andrew county since November,
I860; and were not the men, generally speaking, who went
to the said armies absent from Andrew county on the 4th
day of November last?
"Answer 21. Since the November election in 1860, I
think perhaps some four or five hundred men have left the
county of Andrew, a pan of whom are reported to have
joined the rebel aimy, and a part of whom have joined the
Federal army, and a paitof whom have joined the State
forces, and s'till another pait of whom have removed from
the county with their faimlies. Of those who are reported
to have joined the rebel army, I think a large majouty of
them have retained to the county; ofthose who joined the
Federal armv, I think perhaps half have returned ; and of
those who joined the State Knees, comparatively few have
icturned. Of those who left the county with their fam-
ilies, their places mostly have been filled by others moving
into this county from other counties and State*. The most
of those who moved into tins county, referied to above,
came here, in the fall of 3861.
" Question22. Does not the class of men who you think
did not vote at said election, and who \ou think would, on
a lair election, have voted for John P. Bruce, consist
mainly ot men who had returned from the rebel army, or
Ii.nl been tfi rented by nuiitaiy authority and imprisoned or
put under bonds', or enrolled under Older No. 24, or were
lepiued to be secessionists or secession sympathizers?
'"Answer 23. The men above referred to consist partly of
men who umfoimly call themselves Demociats, and many
ot whom have been ai rested and impusoned by the mili-
tary authoiiiiea, at some tune since 1860; partly of men
who had atone tune been in the State oi confederate army,
and some of whom aie now under military bonds; and
paitly oi those who aie -aid to be eniolied under Order
No. 24. Oi the Inn, thoie were but few at Savannah, com-
paratively Ail three of the above elates are, by the Re-
publican' puity, called rebel-, and rebel sympathizers."
And is this by the contestant's own testimony
the class of guerrilla politicians whom he claims
were hindered in the exercise of the elective fran-
chise, or who would not come to the election to
voter 1 am glad that out m Missouri, where
treason has culminated in open rebellion, the
Union men have not hesitated to call things by
their right names, and that they consider treason
as something more of a crime than petit larceny.
A man who has been a rebel, participating m
this rebellion, or, a rebel sympathizer giving it
aid and comfort, has gieat reason to be thankful
that his life is spated,and should properly be
content, at least pending this war, to take a re-
tired seat and allow his loyal fellow-citizens to do
the voting. Thelrcason of this class of men is
not immediately elfaced by their coming within
loyal jurisdiction, and they have not any special
claim to our sympathy in the matter of the ex-
etcise uf the elective franchise, and it is the right
and duty of the loyal men of Missouri to see to
it that traitors during this war do not pollute the
ballot-box with their votes, even if the State au-
thorities, in order to accomplish this, have to place
a militia guard around the polls.
I know that cettain political gentlemen are
anxious to have this class of men voting once
more on their side, and are denouncing as Jaco-
bins and radicals those earnest patriots in the
border Slates who question the propriety or wis-
dom of such a course and who insist that the
national Safety requires that such men should re-
main on probation while the war continues.
Until this war is ended these returned rebels,
while enjoying the protection of the Government,
will do their country the most essential service
