1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
gard to the purchase of the single article of cop-
per in one of the cities of this Republic, and by
apparently responsible merchants, fixing a price
three cents a pound more than it could have been
bought for at ifriy market on the continent, and
yet under the laws of Congress, as they now stand,
and which I have sought in vain to repeal, the
Navy Department is compelled to pay the money.
If all that the Senator from New Hampshire
desires is simply to unravel this question in con-
nection with the purchases for the Navy Depart-
ment, he need not send it to a select committee.
The Naval Committee has been informed ofit for
the last three years, to my certain knowledge. I
have been informed ofit. I have known that it
was going on. I cailcd the attention of some of
my friends to it here last year in a case that
came up from the city of Boston, where parties
asked for relief. My friend from Illinois will re-
member it. It was a case where parties proposed
to furnish round iron at a quarter of a cent a
pound, when it was worth at that time, in the
market, four and a half cents a pound; yet they
made up for that by charging eight cents a pound
for iron that was not worth more than three cents
and a half. The Government, by the law of Con-
gress, is required to take the lowest bidder, the
lowest aggregate bidder, according to the classes
as they exist.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Iowa what is the difficulty in
advertising separately for articles of any consid-
erable importance ?
Mr. FOOT. Itis against the law.
Mr. GRIMES. It is against the law, as my
friend from Vermont suggests. As I said before,
I intend, if my life be spared, to introduce a bill
requiring that each particular article, I care not if
it is only a single bunch of pins, shall be bid for
separately and distinctly. It may impose more
labor on the Navy Department; it may require
another clerk or two at each one of our navy-
yards; but 1 think it will, in the end, save an im-
mense amount of money. I have had my atten-
tion called to that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of the resolution until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
ritOrOSED EXPULSION OF MR, DAVIS.
Mr. WILSON". Mr. President, I rise for the
purpose of submitting a resolution of a personal
nature. I find on my desk a sericsofresolutions
introduced into the Senate on the 5th instant by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] Those
resolutions class the Government and its support-
ers 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
firstsubmit his resolution.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I submit my res-
olution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas the Hon. Garrett Davis, a Senator from
the State of Kentucky, did on the 5th day of January, A.
D. 1864, introduce into the Senate of the United States a
&eiies of resolutions in which, among other things, it is
declared that'4the people North ought to revolt against
their wat leaders and take this great matter into their own
handf," thereby meaning to incite the people of the United
States to levolt against the President of the United States
and those in authority who support him in the pioseeution
of the war to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
and the Union, and to take the prosecution of the war into
their own hands: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the said Garrett Davis ha<?, by the
introduction of the i evolutions aforesaid, been guilty oi ad-
vising the people of the United States to treasonable, insur-
rectionary, and rebellious action against the Government
of the United States, and of a gross violation of the privi-
leges of the Senate; tor which causes lie is hereby expelled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) Will the Senate give unanimous
consent for the consideration of the resolution at
the present time ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not propose to call it up
for action at the present time, but I intend to do
so at some time hereafter, for I desire to record
my vote upon it. i have offered this resolution,
without consultation with any Senator, on my
own responsibility. Often I heard the men who
organized this treasonable rebellion threaten the
dissolution of the Union, and make treasonable
appeals to the country, and when this bloody
involution opened I resolved that if I ever heard
in this Chamber more treasonable utterances, I
would move the expulsion of the Senator uttering
words of treason. These are not words uttered
in debate, but they are in the Senator's resolu-
tions. He tells the people, he asks the Senate to
tell the people of the country, the loyal men of
the North and the rebels of the South, to revolt;
yes, sir, to revolt against their war leaders, to
take affairs into their own hands, to elect delegates
to a national convention, to stop the war. No
proposition was ever made in the Senate of the
United States, not even by the conspirators who
organized this slaveholders'rebellion, more un-
constitutional, seditious, and rebellious. If the
people follow his advice, if they revolt against the
President, Congress, the Supreme Court, the "war
leaders," if they take the power into their own
hands, if they go into national convention, a con-
vention unknown to the Constitution and the laws,
assume authority to close the war, and adjust the
terms of peace in defiance of the Government of
the United States, war, civil war, is inevitable,
and the loyal States will be plunged into the fire
and blood of internal strife. Stripped of its verb-
iage, the Senator's proposition means this, noth-
ing less.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the resolution of
the Senator from Massachusetts presents a gar-
bled version of my resolution. Itdoes notembody
my resolution so as to express its sense; and the
inferences that that Senator draws from it are not
authorized by its language or its spirit. Sir, what
did that honorable Senator admit within the last
two years? He admitted that when his own State
was in a state of rebellion against the United
States, he sympathized with that rebellion.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator did.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 interrogated that Senator and
his colleague in relation to their course and sym-
pathies in the Burns case that occurred in Boston
some years ago. "The galled jade winces;"
" my withers are unwrung." When the gentle-
man speaks of tieason and disloyalty to his Gov-
ernment, he speaks from the recesses of his own
heart, not mine.
He puts his own intei pretation on the resolu-
tion that I offered. That resolution I abide by; but
I deny that it authorizes the conclusion the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is forcibly trying to de-
duce from it; far from it. It however strikes the
Senator on this point: he is here an advocate for
the interference of the military power at elections,
to destroy their freedom, and to appoint to office
by the bayonet instead of the free suffrages of the
people. Now, my resolution—its purport, its
meaning, its spirit—is, that the people shall rise
at the polls and take the power of this Govern-
ment and of this country, that properly belongs
to them, there, at that constitutional forum, into
their own hands, by peaceful convention; that the
people North and the people South shall both do
it, and lepudiate their war leaders—leaders who
desire a continuance of this terrible struggle, and
who are opposed to its peaceful settlement. .Sir,
I give them that counsel in the resolution com-
plained of; I give them that counsel here, every-
whcie. The thought of mutiny or disaffection in
the Army was not m my mind. How is it with
the Senator ? If I recollect aright, he stated that
his sympathies were with Burns in the Massa-
chusetts insurrection.
Mr. WILSON. Never.
Mr. DAVIS. Were you against his rescue 5
Mr. WILSON. 1 hau nothing to do with it;
and had no knowledge of it until after it trans-
pired. I was not in my own State at the time.
Mr. DAVIS. Did you ever condemn that in-
surrection? Did you ever do any thing to put it
down—its spirit?
Mr. WILSON. There was no occasion; it
was put down quickly.
Mr. DAVIS. Did you ever do or say anything
to assert the authority of the laws and of the
United States in that insurrection? Did you ever
express any condemnation of it? No, sir; no.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I rise to a
question of order. I desire to know if there is
any subject before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
subjectbeforetheScnatc. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts did not ask for the present considera-
tion of his resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. I move, then, that the Senate
do now adjourn. ["Oh,no!"]
Mr. WILSON. Let us go on with the bill we
had up yesterday.
Mr. HARLAN. As the Senator from Massa-
chusetts expresses a desire to go on with his bill,
I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CLARK. Let the Senator from Kentucky
go on.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts having made an explanation of the rea-
sons which induced him to offer the resolution, I
think it is but proper and courteous, and accord-
ing to the usage of the Senate, that the Senator
from Kentucky, if he sees fit to reply to those re-
marks, shtfuld have the liberty of doing so. ["Cer-
tainly."]
Mr. WILSON. . Nobody objects to that.
Mr. HARLAN. If we arc not to proceed with
the legitimate business of the Senate, and the time
of the body is to be consumed in personal wrang-
ling, I shall feel it to be my duty to renew the
motion to adjourn; and I therefore do so. I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
first settle the question whether we shall meet to-
morrow.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Kentucky whether the motion to adjourn
meets his approbation; because if it does not I
hold that the Senator from Iowa has no right to
make the motion, the Senator from Kentucky
being on the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky was out of orderandlostthe floor.
The motion of the Senator from Iowa is in order.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. FOSTER. Previous to that motion I wish
to move, with the consent of the Senate, that
when we adjourn to-day, it be to meet on Monday
next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Chair will entertain that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 now renew my motion that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the bill
which was under consideration yesterday.
Several Senators. Let the Senator from Ken-
tucky go on.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 had said about all that I desired
to say at this point of time, and that was simply
to state that the Senator's interpretation of my
resolution was against the terms and the spirit of
the iesolution, and false in fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 36) to amend an aet
entitled " An act for enrolling and calling out
the national forces, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3,1863, the pending question being
upon the amendment reported by the. Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to add as an
additional section:
•And be it further enacted, That so much of the act enti-
tled "An act for eniolluig and calling out the national
foices, and for other purposes," appiovcd on tiie 3d day of
March, 1863, as authorize? the discharge of persons dialled
into the service of the United States under the authority
of that act upon the payment of a sum of money not ex-
ceeding $300, be. and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the enacting clause
of the proposed section, and inserting what I send
to the Chair.
The words proposed to be inserted were read,
as follows:
That no dialled pei>on shall be allowed to furnish a sub-
stitute, but he shall bo di'-ehaiged from the draft on paying
to such officer as the S 'eictarv of War may authorize to
receive the same the full sum of $300: •And provided fur-
ther, That every such person thus discharged shall pay, in
addition to the said sum of $300, a certain propoi tion in the
natute of a tithe of his annual gam1-', piofits, or income,
whether derived from any kind of property, dividends,sal-
ary, or ftom any profession, nade, or employment, what-
ever, according to the following rates, to wit: on all income
over <"$000. and not over $2,000, ten per cent.; over ,$2,000,
and not over $5,000, twenty per ccnt; and on all income
over $5,000, thirty per cent.; and u shall be the duty of
