140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
every such person seeking to be discharged to make return,
either by himself or his guardian, to the provost marshal of
his distiict of the amount of his income, according to the
requirements oftbe act to provide internal levenue of July
1, 18P2; and so much of the act for enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes, approved
March 3,1863, as is inconsistent with this section, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have been
very much gratified, in the discussion of this bill,
to fiud a disposition on all sides to treat the ques-
tions absolutely with reference to their merits,
with a single desire of perfectingthebill. There
seems to have been no opposition from any quar-
ter merely on party'grounds. All that gives as-
surance that Senators will now give sincere atten-
tion to the proposition which is made absolutely
and simply with that purpose. I presume that i
do not exaggerate if I say that of all the questions
connected with this bill that relating to commu-
tation money for service is the most difficult and
the most sensitive. It is the question which I
prcsume has most occupied the attention of the
country. It has been mostdiscussed in the news-
papers, and also in conversation. Ipresumeitis-
the ground of objection which has been most often
made against the draft.
Now I think all Senators will unite in any
proposition which promises in any way to smooth
those difficulties; in short, to popularize apart of
the bill which all Senators know has been open to
much popular objection.
The proposition which I make has in it three
elements. It proposes in the first place that no
person shall be allowed to furnish a substitute,
but the whole shall be done by the Government.
I believe there has been occasionally much abuse
from the fact that the Government nas not taken
that matter into its own hands, that it has been
open to speculation from the action and counter-
action of persons interested. The proposition in
the second place proposes that the commutation
of §300 shall be fixed by law, so as not to vary in
the discietion of the Secretiny of War. Sena-
tors are aware that, by the law as it now stands,
the commutation of §300 may bo varied. Three
hundred dollars is the maximum, but the Secre-
tary may fix any sum under that. In the third
place, my proposition declares that every drafted
person shall pay $300; and if he have an income
above$G00, then ratably according to his income.
I will read the proposition as it is:
"Jlnd prodded further, That every Mich person thus dis-
charged hliall pay, in addition to the said Mini of {j.'iOO, a cei-
tain proportion in the natme of a tithe <d'his annual gams,
profits, or income, whethordorivcd fiom any kind ot prop-
erty, dividends, wilaiy, or trom any piotc.-Mon, trade, or
employment, whntovoi, aocoidmcto the following rates-, to
wtt: on ah income ovcr$G(W, and not over $2,000, ten per
cent.; over $2,000, and nut over 000, twenty pel cent.;
and on all lucuiuc ovci $5,000, ilmly pel cent.; and it shall
be the duty of every such prison seeking to he discharged to
make return, onhet by himself or Ins ^uaidian, 10 the pro-
vost marshal of ills (iistnet ot ihc amount of In*, nn ome,
aceotdiujj to flio requirement.-, of Iho act to piovnto intei-
nal u'Vciiue of July 1, 1W2; and «o much ot the act lor
emolling and calling out the national toiees, and for other
purposes, approved March !i, 18(33, <ts i  inconsistent with
tiiia bucuon, be, arid the same K hereby, repealed "
Much of the language of this proviso is borrowed
from the internal tax hill. The phraseology of it
I have taken bodily from that bill. Now, Mr.
President, though this proposition, as I have said,
contains three different elements; that, that no
person shall be allowed to furnish a .substitute*,
secondly, fixing the minimum commutation abso-
lutely at $300; and, thirdly, adding to that com-
mutation money of $31)0 a ratable sum according
to the income of the person drafted, yet the single
object of the whole proposition is to establish a
ratab'1 contribution according to income, which
every iraftod man shall pay. That is not only
the central idea of the proposition, but it is the
f,ingle object of the proposition, to which all the
other parts of it are subordinate.
It will be observed that it will be practically
impossible to require this ratable contribution,
unless youdcclare that no person shall beallowcd
to furnish a substitute, and there will also be a
practical difficulty in the way of it if you do not
fix the standing sum at $300, not leaving it to be
varied m the discretion of the Secretary. 1 have,
therefore, in preparing this proposition, intro-
duced these two other elements as simply subor-
dinate to the main proposition, the object being,
in one word, to equalize the burden of this com-
mutation where a person is drafted, that it may |
ut lea.'.l seem to be moie equal even if it be not I
really more equal, and that, in one word, it may be
popularized to the country.
Some persons have said to me that I proposed
to require a very large sum from certain persons
who may be drafted, but 1 ask Senators whether
any sum which is reasonable can be too large for
a man of wealth to contribute if he should be
drafted. Take, for instance, a man who has an
income of §5,000, or of §10,000 if you will, what
is the commutation money of $300 to him? It is
nothing. What is an additional sum of ten per
cent., or twenty per cent., on that income? I say
again, it is absolutely nothing as a commutation
for the service which the country has a right to
expect from him. He escapes from the hazard
of wounds, of disease, and of death, and he also
secures to himself the full employment of his time
during the period of one, two, or three years for
which he may be drafted. Is there anything that
he can reasonably pay which can be considered
as too much ?
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I gave a good
deal of attention to this provision of the original
bill when it was adopted. I came somewhat re-
luctantly into the support of it, though I drafted
the original section; but I must say that subse-
quent reflection has satisfied me of the wisdom of
the provision. I think the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts goes upon a wrong the-
ory. The Government asked for men, and we
passed the enrollment law, and we inserted the
commutation clause to leheve some people and
enable them to get substitutes; but the idea was
that themen should be furnished to the Govern-
ment; that a man should either go himself or fur-
nish a substitute, or give the Government money
enough to obtain a substitute for him. The Sen-
ator's amendment strikes at all idea of a man's
getting a substitute for himself, and puts it en-
tirely into the hands of the Government. The
idea of the bill was that the man should pay, not
a percentage of his income, he he rich or be he
poor, but should pay the Government enough to
get a substitute, not exceeding $,300. The bill
declares that the money is to be applied for the
purpose of getting a substitute. If the Senator's
amendment be adopted, you take from every in-
dividual the chance of getting a substitute for
himself and leave it entirely for the Government.
The operation of the bill in my section of the
country was that a great many men who were
drafted felt an inclination to go, or to furnish
somebody for the service where they could not
well go themselves. They said, "We will not pay
this $300; we do not want to shirk it; it is not the
money we care for; but we will put something
else to the ^300, and get a substitute,and put htm
into the Army for us, wo that the Government shall
have a man." The lesult was, in my State, thai we
furnished more nam under the draft than any other
State in the Union; we furnished fifty per cent, of
the call. Towns came fot waul patriotically, and
they stud by their votes to the young men, " We
want you to go into the service of the United
States; and if you will go yum selves, or if v<>u
will furnish asubstitute, wc will give you §300 to
help you get a substitute, or su,ipoi t your family;
and you may add as much mote to it as is neces-
sary to procure a substitute." The effect of it
was veiy beneficial; we got a g''eat many men.
Men that might otherwise have been exempted,
chose to get substitutes, and put them into the
At my of the United States.
Now, the Senator desires to popularize this
measuio. Is he certain that this will do u? 1
know that when the bill was passed it was assailed
by the enemies of the Government, and was as-
sailed by t he enemies of the Administration. They
saiil to us, "You take the rich man's money and
the poor man's blood; the rich man can pay his
commutation, the poor man cannot pay it; the
rich man can be exempted, but the poor man can-
not be exempted unuer that provision;" but I
never failed, when 1 appealed to the people on that
subject, to satisfy the people that the provision
was for the benefit of the poor man. If there were
no such piovision, or if you now stuke it out of
the law, at what puce is the poor man to get his
substitute? It may be ^3,000, it may be $2,000,
if may he any price that a man chooses to ask if
the drafted man's necessities are so great that he
must take him. It may be entirely beyond the
means of the poor man, but the rich man who has
dollais at bis command can command a substitute.
Then you do take the poor man's service and the
rich man's money. But now there, is scarcely
any man in all the country so poor that by the
aid of his town, by the aid of his friends, he can-
not command §300 for a substitute, and if he can-
not get a substitute for that sum, he pays it to
the Secretary of War, who undertakes to get a
substitute for him. You need never have any fear
of appealing to the people on a provision so hu-
mane as that. It is for their benefit.
But, sir, where will you stand if you now re-
peal this provision of the law? When the law
was passed, the enemies of the Government, as I
have said, assaulted it; they said everything harsh
about it that could be said; and so great was the
excitement in my State—we had an election com-
ing off on the 6th or 7th of March after its pas-
sage—that the Democratic candidate for Governor
appealed to his political friends that if they re-
sisted this exoibitantdiaft,this outrageous meas-
ure, they might come to him, and he would de-
fend them. But, nevertheless, we made our appeal
to the people, and, though this law had not been
passed more than four or five days, the friends of
the Administration were triumphant. The draft
was carried forward in my State, and wc furnished
more men than any other Slate in the Union, and
it has come to commend itself to the people for its
wisdom and kindness of feeling to the poor man.
Now, sir, suppose you repeal it, what will
your enemies say ? Why,exactly this; "What
we have said about the diaft was true, and you
know it, and you have repealed it." But what
will the friends of the Government say? Why
this: " Our enemies said that that draft was for
the benefit of the rich man and not the poor man;
you told us it was for the benefit of the poor man,
to keep the price of substitutes down; did you
tell us truly?" " Certainly we did." "Then
how came you to repeal it? Either one of two
things follows—you did not toll us truly, or you
have done now what is against our iuteiest." In
my judgment, sir, the provision had better be re-
tained.
1 know it is said by the Senator fiom Indiana
that the Government wants men, and he feels that
this provision does not furnish the men. Itdoes
not furnish a full supply of men, but i want to
appeal to that Senator if he can adopt any other
piovision that will give the men and at the same
time be so satisfactory to the people as this is.
The draft is a hard measure—it will be a hard
measure. War is a hard measure. It upturns
and dptiKiicibzes eveiything. Wo have got to
submit to'hardships; but! submit to the Senator
whether, having adopted this once and having
had one draft underit, we had not better retain it
than create any disturbance by repealing it. My
own nnpre.sMon is that we had better ictamit.
Soldiers are volunteering; and we shall get the
Army pretty well filled up by volunteers. If we
arc then obliged to resoit to a draft, let those men
go who can, letthosc furnish substitutes who can,
and let those who cannot go or do not choose to
go furnish then money, if you have not j;ot iho
amount hi^h enough, make it higher, and make
the Government take that money and bring sol-
diers into the field with it. Under the operation
of the old draft, if the twelve mi llions or more of
money which was secuied by the commutation
elausc had been well applied—and 1 do not say
it has not been well applied—but if it had been
entirely applied, I am not ceitnin that we might
not have got as many soldiers, and as good sol-
diers—! mean as much effectual military service
out of it—as in any other way, especially if they
had gone on find drafted for more men, as they
might have done.
A soit of impression has gone abroad that you
cannot enforce the draft. I know that people
have different views aboutit, but I have no doubt
and no hesitation in saying that you can enforce
the draft. The people are desirous of seeing it
enforced m many quarters. Your volunteer ser-
vice furnishes willing men, but where does your
volunteer service fall? Upon the earnest support-
ed of the Government, men in both parties, but
upon the earnest supporters of the Government.
Why should it not full upon the others as well ?
I agree entirely with what the Senator from
Maine so well said the other day, that every man
owes his service to the Government. He owes
his personal seivice to the Government, if he can
be of use and the Government requires him, and
