3138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mf. FOSTER. I move to recommit to the Com-
mittee on Pensions the bili (H. R. No.'314) for
the relief of Harriet and Emily W. Morris, un-
married sisters of the late Commodore Henry W.
Morris, with the report in the case. I understand
that the parties wish to present additional evi-
dence.
The motion was agreed to.
LEVY COURT.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the bill (S. No.
115) for the proper organization of the levy court
of the county of "Washington, in the District of
Columbia, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the District
of Columbia, to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and insert the following:
That the first clause of the third section of the act of
Congress entitled "An act to define the powers and duties
of the levy court of the county of Washington, District of
Columbia, in regard to roads and for other purposes," be,
and the same is hereby, amended so as to read as follows:
6< That the said couit shall have the care and charge of and
the exclusive jurisdiction over all the public roads and
bridges in !?aid comity, except such loads and bridges as
belong Jo and aie undei the care of the United States, and
except such roads and bridges.™ shall have been or may
heiealter be specially piovided for by Congress. And the
said court shall have power and it shall be their duty."
Seo. 2. Jlnd be it furthei cnacted, Thatthetenth section
of the said act be, and the same is heieby, amended by
striking out the words li thnty-first" and inserting the
vvoid " thutieth."
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it. further enacted, That all cemeteries in
the District of Columbia, outside of the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, tiie owners of which sell lots or burial
rights therein indiscriminately to those applying therefor,
shall be assessed and taxed as other propeity in the same
parts of the said District: Provided, however, That all lots
in said cemeteries, when actually sold for burial purposes,
and any cemetery held and owned by a religious society,
having a regular and known place of worship, shall be ex-
empt from taxation.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That hereafter the
said court shall have power, and it shall he their duty, to
appoint the county surveyor of said county of Washing-
ton, to define his duties, fiom time to time, to fix Jus com-
pensation, and to remove him whenever they shall deem it
proper so to do.
Sec. o. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That it shall ^.be the
duly of the collector of taxes foi said county whenever the
owner or keeper of any dog or dogs shall neglect or refuse
to pay the tax thereon to kill or cause to be killed eveiy
and all such dogs.
Sec. 6. jSndhe it further enacted, That the time specified
by the act of February 21,1863, within which certain roads
In said county shall be surveyed, platted, and recorded is
hereby extended to three years irom the 1st day of July.
1865.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said court
shall have power to issue, classify, and tax licenses for
taverns, hotels, and restaurants, and for retailing goods,
wares, and merchandise in said county, in proportion to
the amount of biiMn<ss the person applying for a license
is likely to do. The maximum sum to be charged (or any
one license not to exceed $250, and the minimum to be so
charged not to be less than two dollars.
Sec. B. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws inconsistent with this act are hereby re-
pealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer this amendment as
an additional section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the notice required to be
given by the eighth section ol the act of which this is an
amendment need not he given when all the parties inter-
Cfcted arc agreed; and ail loads laid out undei .such agree-
ment without such notice being given are hereby deckuejl
lawful highways.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bili was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time,and passed. Its
title was amended to read: A bill toamenaanact
entitled "An act to define the powers and duties
of the levy court of the county of "Washington,
District of Columbia."
POTOMAC FERRY COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the bill (S. No.
298) to incorporate the Potomac Ferry Company
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to cieate and constitute Henry D.
Cooke, John B. Hutchinson, H. C. Fahnestock,
Thomas Clyde, and William B. Hatch, and their
associates and .successors, or a majority of them,
a body politic and corporate by the name and
style of "The Potomac Ferry Company." The
capital ^oclc is not to be less than $100,000 nor
more than $500,000, to be divided into shares of
$100 each. The company is to establish and run
a hne or line* of vessels, propelled by steam or
other power, between the cities of Alexandria
and washington, and other ports in the State of
Virginia, on the Potomac river, Chesapeake bay,
or the tributaries of the same. Theaffairs ofthe
company are to be managed by such officers as
the stockholders in general meeting shall elect,
and such agents as may be appointed by the board
of directors. The persons named, or a majority
of them, may call a meeting of the stockholders
for the purpose of organizing the company at such
a time ana place as they may determine upon,
after advertising the time and place of such meet-
ing for ten days in one or more newspapers pub-
lished in the city of Washington. The officers
of the company once elected are to hold their offices
until their successors are chosen. Each stock-
holder is to be individually liable for all claims
against the company to the amount of the stock
held by him at the time such claims accrue.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that if this bill
is to pass it is defective in several particulars. It
is defective in not giving to any future Congress
the right to repeal, amend,or alter this act as the
public good may require; and it has another very
objectionable feature in it, to my mind, which is
(hat the officers when once elected hold their
places in perpetuity, and no provision is made
for any annual or periodical meeting of the cor-
poration. But I have a more solid objection,
though I think either of these is bad enough. 1
do not see any necessity for incorporating a mere
coasting company. It is calledaferry company,
but it is not a ferry company. Itis a mere com-
pany to transport passengers and freight from
Washington to Alexandria. There is no earthly
necessity for any such act of incorporation, and
it is not proper to grant one. I hope the bill will
not pass; it certainly should not pass until it is
materially amended. We are going vastly too
far in creating corporations. There is no neces-
sity for any act of incorporation to enable these
men to run packets from here to Alexandria or
any other place in the world. Itis notcommon,
I think, in Maine or anywhere else to incorporate
coasters. 1 think it is better to leave this matter
of freighting wheie it belongs, to private enter-
prise.
Mr. DIXON. I suggest to the Senator from
Maine to let the bill be laid aside for the present,
as there is opposition to it, for the purpose of
bringing up other business reported by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL. If I were to give way now
it would be forever. 1 think the bill may be open
to the objection that there is no provision in it that
Congress may amend or repeal it. I have no ob-
jection to a section of that kind being added. In
my State these corporations are very common in-
deed. There are several that I could name, from
ICennebec to Boston, from Portland to Boston,
from Penobscot to Boston, and from Penobscot
along the coast. 1 do not think there is anything
unusual in this bill. It is simply associatingmen
together to do what an individual could hardly
be expected to do. The power of association,
the right of association by corporate act, is one of
the most common things m the country, certainly
in the North. All that it is is the act of associating
individuals together to act by the power of asso-
ciation as an individual man might act. 1 cannot
for my life conceive how any harm is to come of
it. There is no extraordinary power to be exer-
cised by it. It is simply to run vessels up and
down the Potomac river and Chesapeake bay.
The bili is pretty well guarded, for it will be seen
that it provides that each stockholder shall be
individually liable for all cfctims against the cor-
poration up to the amount of stock held by him
at the time the claims arise. I think if the Sen-,
ator from New Hampshire will examine this bill
carefully he will see that it is in conformity with
bills of this character, and that it is not open to
any particular objection. I have no objection to
its being amended in the particular he suggests by
reserving to Congress the power to alter and
amend it, if there is any doubt about that.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the bill by add-
ing as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That Congress may at any time
hereafter alter, amend, or repeal this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In the sixth section, after the
word " same," in the sixth line, I move to strike
out all the rest of the section. The words to be
stricken out are, "to the amount of the stock
lield by him at the time such claims accrue," so as
to make the clause read, " and each stockholder
in said company shall be individually liable for
all claims against the same."
Mr.'MORRILL. Thatis manifestly improper.
Men should not be held after the transfer of their
stock for debts that did not accrue while they
were members of the company.
Mr. HALE. I will modify the amendment,
then, and move to strike out the words "to the
amount ofthe stock held by him."
Mr. SHERMAN. Put it at twice or three
times the amount of stock held by him.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Maine^ says
that this bill is simply to give corporate privileges
to individuals to enable them to do business more
conveniently than they could without an act of
incorporation. If that is so I think they should
be individually liable, just as if they did not have
an act of incorporation. I move to strike out the
words " to the amount of the stock held by him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, was read the third time, and passed.
INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. DIXON. I move to take up the bill (5.
No. 167) to incorporate an insurance company in
the city of Washington.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a long bill; it will
be impossible to complete it to-night. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator from Kansas
withdrawthat motion to enable me to say a word ?
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw it.
Mr. HALE. I understand this is a pretty long
bill, and it may take some time. By adjourning
with it up, it will be the special order at one
o'clock to-morrow. I want not to be embar-
rassed by any such proceeding as that. I move
to lay the bili aside for the purpose of taking up
Senate bill No. 292, to provide for the efficiency
of the Navy.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that the Senate will
not take up that bill, but will proceed with the
consideration of the bill to repeal the fugitive
slave act.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 21, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock,m. Prayer
by Rev. J. I. Feurie.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, the read-
ing of the Journal was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, transmitting, in compliance
with the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 6th instant, a list of United States
steam vessels suitable for carrying the mails to
and from foreign ports, &c.; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
MILITARY BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent this
day has been assigned to the consideration of re-
ports from the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAY OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back sundry
petitions relating to the increase of pay of soldiers
m the Army of the United States. The subject
having been disposed of by legislation on the sub-
ject, 1 move that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petitions,
and that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a joint resolution to pro-
vide for the publication of a full Army Registers
which was-read a first and second time by its
title.
