1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It wa  riot designed as a shield in the bands of
traitors, but as a sword in the hands of the Gov-
ernment to smite them to the earth. It recognizee
the law of nations and the laws of war, nor was
it possible for our country to escape them. The
builders of our national ship did not so fashion
and rig her that she could sail only in calm
weather and over smooth seas, but theyqualified
her to ride out the fiercest-tempest in safety, and
to defy all pirates. That the nation in this strug-
gle for its life against red-handed traitors and as-
sassins has no power to confiscate.their lands, is
a proposition which gives comfort to every rebel
sympathizer in the country, while it insults both
loyalty and common sense. The people know
better; and on this question their voice must be
heeded. They do not believe, but they knoWf
that the lands of rebels are subject to our power
under the laws of war, as well as their personal
property, their negroes or their lives. 1 he Gov-
ernment, in the course of this struggle, has learned
many lessons. Others arc yet to be mastered.
Having learned how to strike at slavery as the
wicked cause of the war, and to arm the negroes
in the national defense, it must now lay hold of
the lands of rebels. I believe our triumph over
them is not so near at hand as we generally sup-
pose. The most terrific fighting of the war is yet
to c*>me. They do not dream of surrender, or com-
promise, on any conceivable terms. They will
resist us, to the end, with a spirit as remorseless
as death, and as bitter as the ashes of hell. They
must be overcome and crushed by the powers of
war, and we must employ, with all the might
which can be kindled by the crisis, every weapon
known to the law of nations. Congress musire-
peal the joint resolution of last year which pro-
tects the fee of rebel landholders. The Presi-
dent, as I am well advised, now stands ready to
join us in such action. Should wo fail to do this,
the courts must so interpret the joint resolution
as to make its repeal needless. Should both Con-
giess and the courts stand in the way of the na-
tion's life, then " the red lightning of the people's
wrath" must consume the recreant men who re-
fuse to execute the popular will. Our country,
united and free, must be saved, at whatever hazard
or cost; and nothing, not even the Constitution,
must be allowed to hold back the uplifted arm of
the Government in blasting the power of the rebels
forever.
I come then, Mr. Speaker, to the practical
question involved in this biU. This conflict is to
be ended by hard, desperate, and perhaps pro-
tracted fighting. We shall certainly win; and our
triumph will inevitably divest the title to avast
body of land in the rebel States and place it un-
der our control. I think it entirely safe to con-
clude that it will constitute more than half, and
probably three fourths, of all the cultivated lands
in the rebellious districts. It will certainly, in any
event, cover many million acres. It will include
all lands against which proceedings in rem shall
be instituted, under the provisions of the act to
suppress insurrections and to punish treason and
rebellion, approved July 17,1862; all lands which
may be sold under the provisions of the act for
the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary
districts, approved June 7, 1862; and all lands
which may be sold under the provisions of the
act to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, approved July 1, of the same year.
What shall be done with these immense es-
tates, brought within our power by the acts of
rebels? One of two policies, radically antagonis-
tic, must be accepted. They must be allowed to
fall into the hands of speculators,and become the
basis of new and frightful monopolies, or they
mu^t be placed under the jurisdiction of the Gov-
ernment, in trust for the people. TheaUernative
is now presented, and presses upon us for a speedy
decision. Under the laws of Congress now in
force, unchecked by counter legislation, these
lands will be purchased and monopolized by men
who care far more for their own mercenary gains
than for the real progress and glory of our coun-
try. Instead of being parceled out into small
homesteads, to be tilled by their own independ-
ent owners, they will be bought in large tracts,
and thus not only deprive the great mass of land-
less laborers of the opportunity of acquiring
homes, but place them at the mercy of the lords
of the soil. The old order of things will beswept
away, but a new order, scarcely less to be de-
plored, will succeed. In place of the slavehold-
ing landowner of the South, lording it over hun-
dreds ofslaves and' thousands of acres, we shall
have the grasping monopolist of the North, whose
dominion over the freedmen and poor whites will
be more galling than slavery itself, which in some
degree tempers its despotism through the interest
of the tyrant in the health and welfare of his vic-
tims. The maxim of the slaveholder that " cap-
ital should own labor" will be as frightfully ex-
emplified under the system of wages slavery, the
child of land monopoly, as under the system of
chattel slavery, which has so long scourged the
southern States. What we should demand is a
policy that will guaranty homes to the loyal mil-
lions who need them, and thus guard their most
precious rights and interests against the remorse-
less exactions of capital and the pitiless rapacity
of avarice. The helpless condition of the poor
of the rebel States, when capitalists shall nave
monopolized the land, is already foreshadowed
in the recent report of Mr. Yeatman, of the west-
ern sanitary commission. He says;
" The poor negroes are everywhere greatly oppressed at
their condition. They all testify that if they were only paid
theii little wages as they earn them, so that they could pur-
chase clothing, and furnished with the provisions promised,
they could stand it; but to work and get poorly paid, poorly
fed, and not doctored when sick, Is more than they can
enduic. Among the thousands whom I questioned none
showed the least unwillingness to work. It they could only
be paid fair wages they would be contented and happy.
They do uotieaiize th.it they aie free men. They pay that
they are told they are, but then they are taken and hiied
out to men who treat thein,so far as providing for them is
concerned, far worse than their' secesh' masters did. Be-
sides this, they feel that their pay or hire is lower now that^
it was when the ' secesh' used to hire them.
"The parties leasing plantations and employing these
negroes do it from no motives either of loyalty or human-
itv. The desire of gain alone prompts them, and they eare
little whether they make it out of the blood of those they
employ or from the soil. There are, of course, exceptions;
but I am informed that the majority of the lessees were
only adventurer^ camp-followers, 'army sharks,' as they
are termed, who have turned aside from what they con-
sider their legitimate prey, the poor soldier, to gather tiie
riches of the land which his prowess has laid open to them.
I feel that the fathers and brothers and friends of these
brave men should have an opportunity to reap, under a more
equitable system for the laborei, the reward of the months
of toil and exposuie it has cos-t to open this countiy to the
institutions of freedom and compensated labor. If these
plantations were required to be subdivided into parcels or
tracts, to suit the views and means of our western men,
say m farms of Horn one to two hundred acres, thousands
would soon flock to the South to lease them, especially
when it was known that one acre of ground there culti-
vated in cottoij would yield, in dollars, ten times as much
as at home. Besides, this subdivision would attract a loyal
population, who would protect the country against any
gueriilla bands that might infest it."
Mr* Speaker, the poor whites of the South will
be as powerless to talce ca re of themselves as the
freedmen, unless the Government shall arm them
againsttheirmasters. " SubdivisionMof the land,
as Mr. Yeatman says, would also secure a loyal
population, since every man who has a home to
love and to defend will naturally love his country.
This rebellion will present the strongest tempta-
tions to land monopoly that were ever offered to
the greed of avarice and power. The rich lands
of the South have bean cursed by this evil from
the beginning, and without the interposition of
Congress the system will be continued, and vital-
ized anew by falling into fresh hands. The de-
graded and thriftless condition of the people, the
heritage of centuries of bondage, will pave the way
for land monopoly in more grievous forms than
have yet been recorded in ancientor modern times.
Society cannot possibly be organized on a repub-
lican basis, because a grinding aristocracy, rest-
ing upon large landed estates, will convert the
mass of the people into meredrudges and depend-
ents. African slavery may not exist in name, but
the few will practically control the fortunes of the
many, irrespective of color or race. In such
communities public improvements will necessa-
rily languish. Wasteful and slovenly farming
will stamp upon the countrjr the impress of dilap-
idation, while reducing the productiveness of the
soil and hindering the growth of manufactures
and commerce. In the midst of large landed es-
tates, towns and villages can neither be multi-
plied nor enjoy a healthy growth. The want of
diversity of pursuitsand competition in business
will palsy the energies of the people. The edu-
cation of the masses will be impossible, since the
establishment and support of schools within con-
venient reach of the people cannot be secured.
The proprietors of the gren* estates, as has been
well remarked, will be feudal lords; wliile the
poor will have no feudal rights, tfodfer
ency of a false system, society will steadily grav-
itate toward the example of South America and
Mexico, where some estates are larger than tw<f
or three of the smaller States of our Union . Tlid-
country will find its likeness in England, in
the smaller landholders are daily being swalldw&i
up by the larger. . -
Says Dr. Channing: -■ , *
" In the civilized world there are few sadder apeetafilei
than the present contrast in Great Britain of unbounded
wealth and luxury with the starvation of thousands, and
tens of thousands, crowded into cellars and dens, without
"ventilation or light, compared, with which the Wigwam of
the Indian is a palace. Misery, famine, brutal degradation,
in the neighborhood and presence of stately mansions,Wbieh
ring with gayety and dazzle with pomp and unbounded
profusion, shock us as does no other wretchedness."
Sir, the sympathy of the British aristocracy for
the rebels is altogether natural. Land monopoly.
is slavery. The great English landlord looks upon
the large slaveholders of the South as " brothers
beloved,99 while the u sand-hillers" and ** clay-
eaters" of Carolina and Georgia are perhaps not
more miserably degraded by unjust laws than the
English agricultural laborer. Mr. Bancroft, de-
scribingthe condition of Italy some two thousand,
years ago,says; *
" The aristocracy owned the soil and its cultivators. The
vast capacity for accumulation which the laws of society
secure tccapital in a greater degree than to personal exer- _
tion, displays itself nowhere so clearly as in slaveholding'
States, where the laboring class is but a portion of the cap-
ital of the opulent. As wealth consists chiefly in land aiwl
slaves, the rates of interest are, from universally operative
causes, always comparatively high; the difficulty of ad-
vancing with borrowed capital proportionally great. The
small landholder finds himself unable to compete with those
who are possessed of whole cohorts of bondmen ;. his slave?,
hislands, rapidly pass, In consequence of his debts, into
the hands of the more opulent. The large plantations are
continually swallowing up the smaller ones, and land and
slaves come to be engrossed by a few*"
This is not only an exact description of slavery
as we have seen it in the southern States, but a
parallel in principle to tlie system of aristocracy
in England, founded on the monopoly of the soil.
Travelers through that country speak of it as
" thinly settled." Outside of the cities and towns
this is true. Even the commons, on which ttttj
poor used to pasture their cattle and enjoy their
games, are now inclosed by legalized land rob-
bers. Those who demand a correction of these
evils, in the name of justice and the people, are
denounced as "agrarians," just as the enemies
of slavery in this country are branded as " abo-
litionists." The slaveholding land monopolists
of this country are to-day reaping the bitter fruits
of their unrighteous domination. A retribution
to the aristocracy of England, not less terrible, is
ascertain to come, as that pampered injustice finds
no limits to its demands.
But I need not dwell longer upon tlie evils of
land monopoly. The history of civilization fur-
nishes an unbroken testimony to these evils, and
thus pleads with us, in the organization of new civil
communities, to fortify ourselves against them.
A grand opportunity now presents itself for rec-
ognizing the principles of radical democracy in
the establishment of new and regenerated States.
We are summoned by every consideration of pa-
triotism, humanity, and republicanism to lay the
foundations of empire upon theenduring basis of
justice and equal rights. No revolutionary or de-
structive measures are required on our part. We
are already in the midst of revolution and chaos.
Through no fault of our own, the foundations
of social and political order in the rebel States are
subverted, aml'tbe elimination of a great disturb-
ing element opens up our pathway to the estab-
lishment of free Christian commonwealths on the
ruins of the past. These States constitute one of
the fairest portions of the globe. They are larger
in area than all the free Statesof the North. They
have a sea and Gulf coast of more than six thou-
sand miles in extent, and are drained by more
than fifty navigable rivers, which are never closed
to navigation by the rigor of the climate. They
have at least as rich a soil as the States of the
North, yielding great wealth-producing staples
peculiar to them, and two or three crops in the
year. They have a finer climate, andtrieiragri-
cultural, manufacturing,and commercial advant-
ages are decidedly superior. Their geographical
position is better, as respects the great commer-
cial centers of the world. The institution of sla-
very, which has so long cursed these regions by
