1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2163
other military officers who were candidates for
civil offices, and were voted for there at that elec-
tion, showing that he ran on the same ticket with
said military candidates in perfect haimony,and
he cannot now deny his own acts, nor come be-
fore the House and claim that he was running1 in
illegitimate company. In fact the congressional
candidates ran on the different county tickets just
as suited their pleasure and the locality, and it is
but attempting to mislead when it is asserted or
intimated that the contestant or respondent uni-
formly ran on opposing tickets with local candi-
dates in each county.
It was also asserted on theargumentand tacitly
admitted before the committee, that although at
this same election county officers and membeisof
the Legislature were chosen, and had since en-
tered upon and discharged the duties of their re-
spective offices, yet in no instance had their seats
been contested or the validity of the election been
called in question. The people of Missouri have
considered and treated this election as fair and
legal. Returned rebels and men disloyal since
December 17, 1861, were by the convention ordi-
nance not entitled to vote, as they could not truth-
fully take the oath; and no man who had volun-
tarily enrolled himself as disloyal under Order No.
24, which was made August 2,1862, couid be con-
sidered aloyal man and entitled to voteat this elec-
tion. Were it in evidence here that the election had
been carried by the votes of such rebels and dis-
loyal men, would not this House indignantly re-
pudiate such votes and set aside such an election?
And even were it shown that such returned reb-
els and disloyal men had been m some instances
prevented by the militia from voting at this elec-
tion, will not this blouse still hold that the result
of the election has not been changed or alFected
thereby, as such men were neither loyal nor legal
voters? Nor indeed should the act of a few riot-
ous or quarrelsome individuals, not office is of
election or in charge of the polls, be m&de effect-
ual to vitiate an election, as it would be most
unjust to the electors and a great encouragement
to the enemies of law and order, and would be
placing in the hands of a few lawless persons the
power of defeating at pleasure any election. Cut
in this case neither the quality or quantity of the
interference could legally have changed the result;
and the officers of the election having, as con-
testant admits, conducted the election fairly and
impartially, and no act of the supeiior State <>i
military officers being complained of by him, wi!
see nothing to defeat the choice made by the peo-
ple.
fn report No. 37 of the present session of Con-
gress in regard to the Missouri militia, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, on the 29th day of
March, 1864, in recounting the condition of things
m that State in the summer of 1862, made the
following statement to this House, namely:
'•'Thai m the summer of 1832 the rebel General Price
tlneatcned .in invasion of Missouri fiom Arkarn a.s with .t
fonnidahle army; that to cooperate with tins, the rebel offt.
ceis Co/Fee, Shelby, and Hushes had, with a lanje foice,
peneuated to the 'interior ot'the State, had defeated oui
toices at I<on«j Jack, captured Independence, ami llweiu-
encd Lexington; that the rebel officer Porter, in northeast
Miwmu, had collected over three thousand men in aims,
and i'ouidi'U'-ij neai the center of tin* sState, on the noriii
side oi tin- Mn^ouu liver, tjad ovt'i fifteen handled rebel-.*
in aim-*, while a considerable force tlncatened the south
en-.t; that to meer the-r bodies oi the eneuij' there wax no
F<>d<'ial lorce in the Slate.
" I'ndei th">e eneutu.-tiinces the commanding general
in that d'-paitini-nt, w ith the consent oi the Govfjnoi. or-
ganised and called into active seiviee a iai|ie pan or'the
mihr.a <>t tin* Stale, and placed them nndei the command
of ilw JV,|crai oihcer-. By then aid thn omhuakwa^
suppiewd and the lebels duven fiom the Slate or cap
tmed.
"The militia in di fie rent sections of the Stati took pii--
oneiv .utd mined ovej ro the Fecleial <ifVieer^ seveia! thou-
sand icin'N. who weie most ot them ->ent South and e\-
eluiiL'ed. Ti)"y weie in many ot the enya«eui"iit< thai
uceniM d in difieient pints of the State, and aie mentioned
l.tvoiaM> by the ofiiceis in command.
•- Altci IHe preying emeigoncy urulei which the} w ie
e.ill.d into service had passed, the commander ot the de-
pai tment w.mid not consent to their being disbanded, lie
asked ot the Governor that apaitot them  ho |d be le-
tain.'d in service, assuring him that the Statu should be
ie;mhut ed loi her expenses in pa\m2 them, and the Sco-
retan "i Wai in the mean tune ordeied that they should
be v(i!)v}~TC(j and clothed by ihe Fedeial Government. I>y
the- K'l'ii.iitiir the militia oi service the cornmanu* r oMhe
depuiment u'a- enabled to send ten thousand of the Fed
ei U tiin to Vicksbiirc;, and subsequently a
eouMdeiablc ioi<.e t<> General Steele. to co^pcratu in the
taktnL'ol Little Uo< kand holding po^-css-nni oi Aikails-Uss."
Such is tlie cluss of nuhtia men m Missouri who
are attempted to be assailed by the contestant.
These loyal citizen soldiers,even after havingsuc-
ceeded in dri vingout the rebel forces, found them-
selves still exposed, by the treachery and feigned
loyalty of many of their neighbors and returned
fellow-citizens, to fresh outbreaks, surprises, and
raids, and were compelled to seek means of-aelf-
protection and defence. They also found similar
precautions necessary in regard to the holding of
elections. Men fresh from or ripe for rebellion
or guerrilla raids would, if permitted, have little
scruple in taking an oath to enable them to de-
posit a vote in the ballot-box if thereby they could
defeat some loyal supporter of the Government
and elevate a rebel sympathizer to office in his
stead, and if not permitted to do this would not
hesitate to make an attack on the polls, and by
violence wholly prevent or break up and defeat
the election; and a wise and prudent precaution
on the part of the loyal authorities would antici-
pate and provide for such emergencies. Hence
the necessity and propriety, in those States thus
affected by the rebellion, of the presence in many
places of a loyal military guard at the polls, act-
ing either under the authority of the fetate or of
the General Government.
The outcry about military interference at the
elections which has of late been raised by political
partisans, both in public harangues and through
the public press, proclaiming tfie violation of the
elective franchise and the subversion of our lib-
erties, indicates a distrust of our citizen soldiery
on the part of the opponents of the Administra-
tion which is unwarranted by the facts, which is
unworthy an intelligent and patriotic people, and
which is cruelly unjust to the great body of out-
loyal soldiers who are a part of ourselves, and
who are not surpassed in intelligence, virtue, pa-
triotism, and love of liberty and free institutions
by any portion of our people, or by any class of
citizens on the face of the earth. No one prizes
higher the freedom of elections or the purity of
the ballot-box than they do, and it would be well
if theae croakers and complainers, these libelers
of our soldiers, would manifest as strikingly as
these veterans in the field have done their loyalty
to their country and their desire to preserve and
perpetuate her integrity and herfiee institutions.
English precedents and laws have frequently
been referred to, and statutes ofsome of Ihe States
quoted, in regard to the presence of the military
at elections, in show the jealous care with which
our English ancestors and the people of ihe sev-
eral States in this country have wutched over the
freedom of the ballot-box, and all this has been
done with an evident desire to increase our alarm
and to create a prejudice against our own citizens
who are battling alike for their own and our pro-
tection, for the preservation of their own as well
as our country and her institutions. Let these
politicians but create in the minds of our citizens
who remain at home a distrust of thwr fellow-
citizens who go forth from their midst to light
the battles of their country, let them but make
these soldiers the objects of suspicion as a class
separate and distinct from the people, as a class
ready to become the instruments of tyranny in
trampling upon the rights of their fellow-men, in-
stead of being looked upon as a part and parcel
of our people, loyal and patriotic, and devoted to
the public welfare, and they will then have suc-
ceeded to agieat degree in accomplishing the nun
of the country. Du gentlemen reflect upon the
present state of things in our country? Do they
realize who compose our volunteer armies ? Do
j they remember at what class of men British legis-
! lation or the legislation of our own States in rc-
I gnrd to protecting the ballot-box, so far as tiie
i soldiery were concerned, was originally aimed?
j We have no standing army of mercenaries
I against whose presence it is necessary for us to
| guard at the polls. It was this class of men, a
| class not strictly citi/.eus, but a class separate and
• distinct from the great mass of the citizens and
I not in sympathy with them, of which our ances-
j tors wet'H jealous; a class* whose characteristics
i one of the patriot orators of the Revolution, in an
' oiation on the anniversary of the Boston massa-
' c.re, has thus graphically described in speaking
of standingaimiesand the presence of the Butish
soldiery then quartered in Boston:
>> Standing armies are sometimes (1 uouhn>y no means
*av geneiall) , much le„s universally) composed of persons
who have remieiod ihemselvea unfit to live in civil society ;
: who have no other motives of conduct than those which'a
desire of the present gratification of their papsionssuggestsj
• who have no property in any country; who have lost or
, given up their own liberties and envy those who enjoy lib-
eity ; who aie equally indifferent to the glory of a George
; or a Louis; who for the addition of one penny a day to
' their wages would desert from the Christian cross and fight
, under the crescent of the Turkish sultan. Froio stie&meft
: as these what has not a State to fear?"
Will gentlemen who are so loud in their com-
plaints about military interference at the polls
dare to insinuate any such charge against the
brave and patriotic volunteers who now compose
our armies? Will they dare to charge that these
volunteers are in the least wanting in intelligence,
in love of country, in respectfor her institutions
and laws, in regard for the purity and freedom
of elections, and, above all, in an earnest desire to
preserve, uphold, maintain, and perpetuate the
Union ? For my part I can conceive of po man
who has demonstrated so unequivocally his pa-
triotism and loyalty, who has shown so conclu-
sively his appreciation of and love for his coun-
try and her institutions and his desire to uphold
and maintain them, and who has become entitled to
so much confidence and trust in thepresentemer-
gency as the citizen soldier; and I would sooner
intrust him with the entire charge of the polls,
and with the control of the liberties of my coun-
try, than any of his traducers and slanderers who
have remained at home, or any class of grum-
bling politicians who being of the military age and
able-bodied have shrunk from their country's
service m this her hour of peril.
Ofour citizen soldiers we may say, in the words
of the patriot just quoted:
" From a well-regulated mditia wehave nothing to fear;
I then interest is the same with that ot the State. When
1 our country 1* invaded, the militia are ready to appear in
its defense ; they maich into the fieiti with that fortitude
which a consciousness olthe justice of their cause inspires;
they do not jeopaid their Jives foi a master who considers
them only as in>truments of Ins ambition and whom they
regatd only as the daily dispenser of the scanty pittance of
bread and water. No, they fight for their houses, their
land1*, for their wive?, their children, for all who claim the
tenderest names and are held dearest in their hearts j they
fight pro am et jocis, tor their liberty, and for themselves,
and lor their God."
Mr. SMITHERS. Mr. Speaker, the exhaust-
ive argument of the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Upson] has rendered it almost unnecessary
that. J should address the House upon this sub-
ject; and were I not a member of the Committee
of Elections, concurring wholly 111 the views which
have been presented by the minority, I would not
have ventured to trespass upon the time of the
House. But a sincere conviction upon my part
of the truth of the conclusion at which the mi-
nority has arrived, and my desire, if consistent
with the evidence which ita presented in this case,
to secure1 to the country and to the Government
the services of a faithful and loyal legislator, aud-
io the people of the seventh congressional district
of Missouri a Representative whom I believe to
have been failly and legitimately.chosen, induce
me for a few brief moments to examine the testi-
mony in the cause, and in doing so 1 shall con-
iine myself wholly to the record.
The majority of the committee, in the report
submitted to the House, and near the conclusion
of that leport, uses this language:
" il affords the committee plea^uie to be able to say that
the evidence in thmense nowhere disclose* anything tend-
ing to show that anj superior olFiccr of either the State or
Fedcial Government manifested any other than an earnest
desire to secure a full explosion ot the popular will at this
election, and that such expression should he tieely given
without intimidation 01 molestation. The judge-*, so far
a.v appeaia, with one or two exception?, conducted the
elections with entire fairness, and there wa^ noihmg on
the pait of civilians to vvaii.mt or justify the inteit'crence
ol Hie militia, ihit the evidence doebdu*clos<e ample proof
that a poition of the militia in certain local 1 ties di->icgaided
entuelythe nijnnction-s given them 111 the ordeis before
mentioned, and in many instances, m violation of their
duty a- good citizens, and of the commands piomulgmed
prior to 1 tie election hy those ordeis to them asf-oldieis, as-
sumed to determine who should and who should not vote,
and for whom votes should be cast, and by threats#, vio-
lence. and by various modes of intinudntion, so far inter-
fered with the election as, in the opinion of the commit-
tee, to render the election a nullity.,J
This, then, is the issue made up between the
majority and the minority. The majority of the
committee admit that so far as the conductor the
Federal Government or of the State government
or of any of the officers of election is concerned,,
there Had beeftep tire fair throughout the whole*
proceedings. They then placfe the or^ *he
ground that in certain localities the militia disre*
