2164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
garded the orders given to thcm and that the elec-
tion was, on account of that disregard of orders,
the result of force, fraud, and violence,and was,
therefore, a nullity.
The true question, therefore, before the House
is not whether the contestant on the one part or
the sitting member on the other is entitled to the
seat—it is nota question to determine whether the
seat belongs to General Loan or to Mr. Bruce;
because the committee is unanimous in the decla-
ration that Mr. Bruce is not entitled to the seat.
The question before the House is whether the
people of the seventh congressional district of
Missouri are to be represented on this floor—
whether there is such evidence of fraud, force,
and violence in the district as absolutely nullifies
the election in the whole district. That, and that
alone, is the question for the House to determine.
In view of that question I propose now to con-
sider very briefly, and, as I hope, very frankly,
the evidence submitted to the committee and pre-
sented by the committee to this House.
The seventh congressional district of the State
of Missouri, as has been already stated to the
House, is composed of fifteen counties. These
counties are Buchanan, A ndrpw, Holt, Atchison,
Nodaway, Worth, Gentry, Harrison, Mercer,
Grundy, Putnam, Sullivan, Livingston, Daviess,
and De ICalb. The whole vote caatm those coun-
ties at this congressional election was 13,803.
The vote cast in"the ten counties that are leally
not contested was 8,760 votes, if my computation
be correct; and tin; vote cast in the five counties
in which there is a contest was 5,043, making to-
gether 13,803 votes cast in the district, a larger
vote than was cast in any other congressional
district of the State of Missouri; and, as my
friend from Michigan [Mr. Upson] infoims me,
targer relatively than that cast in the various
congressional districts in the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts.
Having thus reduced the question to a simple
issue, I propose to confine myself almost wholly
to a consideration of the report of the majonty
of the committee, to test its accuracy, and to cor-
rect the tables that have been submitted to the
House, and to show that by no possible pnlit ical
arithmetic can General Loan be depiiveil of his
seat, or his majority reduced to less than a thou-
sand.
However, before proceeding to that, the House
will pardon me for referring to certain testimony
which has been alluded to by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ganson1,] who opened the case
on the part of the majority of the committee. He
referred to the testimony, in reference to Buchan-
an county, of Samuel Ensworth, who was sheriff
of the county, and he relied upon it, to some ex-
tent, to prove the facts in reference to the Allen
House polls. In relation to the polls at the court-
house, about which so many of the witnesses
have testified, they are not in these returns. They
have been entirely thrown out, and form no part
of the aggregate vote by virtue of which General
Loan now holds his seat, i shall therefoie dis-
miss the court-house precinct entirely from the
consideration of the case.
Now, in relation to the Allen House precinct,
and to the interference of soldiers, it becomes a
very pertinent question to know how came these
soldiers at the polls. It is said they were placed
there by general orders from the commanding offi-
cer, issued by the adjutant general of the State
of Missouri. At whose instigation? By whose
instrumentality? Who placed these soldiers at
the polls? Let the witness, Samuel Enswoith, a
witness for the contestant, answer the question.
On his cross-examination this question is anked
him:
<k Have you ever heaid *aid John P ftriioe say thnf lie re-
quested guards of the mihtm to bo placed at the different
voting precincts on said election day?
'* Jittiwcr. I heaid Mr. Bruce say that ho wont to General
Hall and told the general that lie understood that there was
to In; :m tntci iVionee With voter* at the polh ; that person*
iliat weie eniolled urniet Order No. 24 were to be excluded
Jrom voting, and reque-ted of Genera! Tlatl to have a auaid
put nt the dift'eienr precincts to prevent any inteu'eience
with the voter«, and to ieave the (juallficauon of the voteis
wall the judges."
It therefore appears by the answer of the wit-
ness of the contestant that the contestant himself
desired an array of military at the polls; and if
there be any complaint as to the military being
placed there the contestant himself is the author
of the trouble.
Now, then, let us see what Ensworth says in
relation to the interference that occurred at this
precinct. Just above he testifies as follows:
« Quesfron. Did you hear any of those excited persons in
that crowd complain of being prevented fiora voting for
John P. Bruce?
"Answer. I cannotsay thatl heard his name mentioned
in that crowd.
l< Question. Did you see any one prevented from voting
for John P. Bruce at the Allen House precinct on that day ?
" *&nwt>r. I did not.
" Question. Did you hear any threats used against any
person attempting to vote for John P. Bruce at the Allen
House precinct on that day ?
" Jinswer, I did not."
This witness, who is so paraded by the major-
ity of the committee, and relied on by the contest-
ant to prove his case, when asked if he saw any
one prevented from voting on that day, replied that
he did not, but he had to pass to the polls through
files of bayonets. But when the inquiry is made
who broughtthosebayonets there, itappears that
they were brought on the request of the contest-
ant himself.
I proceed now, as I desire to be brief, to a com-
parison of the vote as presented by the majority
of the committee in page 27 of their report. The
aggregate vote given by the committee of the coun-
ties of Daviess, Gentry, Grundy, Harrison, Mer-
cer, Putnam, Sullivan, and Worth is given by
their computation as—for Bruce, 2,763; for Loan,
1,913; making a plurality for Biuce of 850. It
will be observed that it was not a majonty, for in
these counties a third party received 2,41*2 votes.
Now, the House will observe that from that
computation seven counties are excluded, five
counties in which there is a contest, and also the
two counties of Nodaway and Holt, about which
from one end of this report to the other there is
not a single scintilla of evidence of any irregular-
ity whatever. I state in regaid to these counties,
so far as I have been able to examine the testi-
mony—and it I am wrong 1 ask any member of
the majonty of the committee to coirect me, for
I do not desire to make any misstatement in re-
gard to the matter—that there is no iota or scintilla
of evidence in regard to these counties of Holt
and Nodaway. I ask, then, upon what rule, what
decent pretext were these counties excluded on the
ground that no fair election was held in them?
Yet it is a singular fact that such has been the
action of the majority of the committee. They
seem to have indulged in mere surmises in rela-
tion to these two counties and to have acted very
much upon the principle of the school-boy in
arithmetic, who had some difficulty in working
out the answer, and so found the proper answer,
put it down and then made the preceding figures
correspond to it. 1 can conceive of no reason by
which the committee could have excluded these
two counties unless upon some such mode of
computation. Then, if we include the vote of the
counties of Holt and Nodaway, as m all reason-
ableness and fairness we must include their vote,
it adds to the vote of General Loan 695 votes,
leaving, according to the computation of the com-
mittee, the plurality for Mr. Biuce 155 votes in-
stead of 850, which by some means they have
arrived at and embodied in their report.
The majority of votes actually leceived and
counted for General Loan in the district was
2,028; and m oider to oust him from his seat,
you must destroy that majority, and to do that
they have undertaken to reject the vote of whole
countns in consequence of irregularities in a sin-
gle precinct. If gentlemen will examine the evi-
dence which is reported in this case, they will
find m refeience to whole counties which the com-
mittee have thrown out, no particle of evidence
of any irregularity whatever, except in a single
piecinct; and yet the committee have adopted the
rule of disfranchising whole counties in the seventh
distiiet of Missouu. It becomes ci question
whether, if we allow the testimony taken the full
force and entire bearing which it can, as legiti-
mate testimony, be entitled to, then upon what
principle of justice can you exclude the whole
county because a given precinct does not exactly
hold its election according to the lules of law:
Why should we throw out the balance of the
county on that account r They exclude the whole
five counties; yet there is not one of those five
counties in which there is more than one or two
precincts in reference to which any testimony has
been taken. My colleagues on the committee
and other gentlemen will correct mcifl am wrong.
In Buchanan county there are twenty-eight pre-
cincts, and there is testimony in regard to only
two of them. Now, on what principle of justice
can you exclude the remaining twenty-six pre-
cincts concerning which there is no testimony ?
Now, having reduced the apparent majority
of Mr. Bruce to 155 votes, let me examine why
Atchison was rejected. I said that the coun-
ties of Holt and Nodaway were rejected without
any testimony whatever. Atchison county is also
ruled out. Now Atchison county gave General
Loan 496 votes and Mr. Bruce 102 votes, making
General Loan's majority 394, and deducting from
that the majority of Mr. Bruce of 155, it leaves
General Loan a clear majority of 139.
Now, 1 ask the House to listen to the testi-
mony on which the county of Atchison was re-
jected. I refer to the testimony of Silas Puryear.
I bog members to remember as they run along
that the vast body of this testimony is ex parte in
its character, much of it being taken without no-
tice.
Mr. GANSON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. SM1THERS. Certainly.
• Mr. GANSON. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman to the fact that he took the ground that
these tables were appended here to show«that
these counties ought to be excluded.
Mr. SMITHERS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. GANSON. If the gentleman from Dela-
ware had read the report of the Committee of
Elections he would have found that there was no
such thing. It is there stated that the tables are
appended to illustrate the relative vote these gen-
tlemen received in the counties where there is al-
leged not to have been any interference, as com-
paied with those where interference is proved to
have occurred. They were simply for the pur-
pose of showing the character and the extent of
the interference. They are not tables to exclude
these counties, as the gentleman from Delaware
has stated.
Mr. SMITHERS. What was the effect of put-
ting them there?
Mr. GANSON. I desire to say that they were
not put there by the Committee of Elections for
the purpose of claiming that those counties should
be stricken out.
Mr. SMITHERS. But they are stricken out.
Mr. GANSON. i have not stricken them out;
I only put them in to show the lelative com-
panion between the counties where there was an
interference and where there was not interference.
If the gentleman desires to state the case truly
he can read the repoit of the Committee of Elec-
tions; if lie does not, of course I have nothing to
say.
Mr. SMITHERS. I wish to say here, in an-
swer, that these counties were thrown out. I
know no other reason why they should be ex-
cluded at ail except that it was considered there
was proof of interference with the elections suffi-
cient to exclude them. H iving failed in making
that proof there is no reason why they should be
excluded.
Proceeding, in relation to that I desire to show,
accoidwg to the ideaof the gentleman from New
York, my own position. 1 say, then, upon no
other proofs can those counties be excluded.
If you do not exclude Atchison county you
put General Loan in. On what ground can Atch-
ison county be excluded except that of interfer-
ence with the election in that county? But they
have counted out Atchison, because if they did
not count out Atchison they could not count out
General Loan, and in counting it out they counted
it out upon the ground of military interference.
I want to show now the whole testimony in re-
lation to interference in that county, and show
whether there is any ground for counting it out.
The sole testimony in relation to that is the test-
imony of Silas Puryear to be found on page 115
of the report. Mr. Puryear was the attorney of
the contestant, and it is not often that a ease is
to be decided upon the testimony of a counsel in
the case, though it is attempted to be done in
this case.
Mr. DAWES Allow me to remind my friend
that the report made this morning in General
Blair'a case, in which the gentleman concuired,
depended entirely upon the deposition of one of
the counsel for the contestant in reference to the
validity of every one of the muster rolls,
