1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M3
Another injurious effect of the $300 exemption
clause, it seems to me, is this: it did discourage
volunteering—I speak in reference to my own
State alone, and notin reference to others. While
the citizen knew that he might exempt himself by
the payment of $300, and run no risk of a draft,
he was unwilling to volunteer. The moment you
strike off the $300 exemption, then he has to take
his choice between volunteering and the high
bounty or the risk of being drafted into the ser-
vice of the country; and so all those who are
engaged in recruiting in our State with whom I
have had correspondence, three or four colonels
commanding new regiments, tell me that if you
will strike out the $300 exemption clause they
will fill their regiments immediately, but as long
as that clause remains in the law men will not
volunteer, because the draft has no terror to
them; they can buy themselves off for §300.
I never indulged m til is argument that tins feat-
ore of the conscription law was class legislation
of the rich against the poor; I never believed it;
but so it was used,and so itwas represented, and
so I supposed it would be, and hence I opposed
it. But I think the $300 exemption clause has
resulted in evil and nothing but evil; and if you
intend to maintain your armies in their present
efficient condition, you are bound to repeal that
clause to-day, or in a few weeks hence—bccause
it is only a question of time—it will be seen that
with that exemption your draft is ineffectual, and
must necessarily be ineffectual. I might claim
for ray State what the distinguished Senator from
Vermont claimed for his. My State does not
dread the draft, and will fill her quota, perhaps,
without it. We are willing to fill it,eitherunder
the draft or without it. Hitherto they have filled
it by volunteering, and I prefer that mode. Give
high bounties for volunteering, and if you have
a draft at all, do not go into the mockery of a
draft, and at the same time tell the citizen he may
buy iiis peace for $300.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, although my
committee instructed me to report the amendment,
1 am opposed to the repeal of the $300 commuta-
tion clause. I know that it was put into the act
by Congress for the benefit of the people of the
country, to make that law bear as lightly as pos-
sible upon the poor, toiling people. It has been
demonstrated by experience so to operate. No-
body questions that now. Nobody rises in Con-
gress now and denounces that provision as a dis-
crimination against the poor and in favor of the
rich. I believe lhat the people of the country, by
an uncounted majority, are against striking out
that provision of the law. That is my conviction;
and 1 believe we ought not at this time to do it.
I do not see any necessity for doing it. We have
enrolled a large numberofmenin the country. We
shall not draft all those men. A large number of
the States will furnish volunteers; some will not. I
I think we shall have a diaft; but I do not believe
it will be necessary to continue drafting. We
have in the service of the country, and are paying
in our Army, I think not less than six hundred
and fifty or seven hundred thousand men. We
must have from four to five hundred thousand
effective soldiers in the field. I do not believe that
the rebellion has over two hundred and twenty-
five thousand men in arms; and 1 have very good
reason so to believe. 1 believe that if we do our
duty the military power of this rebellion will be
crushcd out before the 1st of October next.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The subject of the
number of veteran soldiers going out of the service
in the spring is so greatly misunderstood that,
with the permission of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts,! will ask lnm what number of veterans
go out of the service between now and the 1st of
July.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell the number of
men who will be discharged between now and
the 1st of July. There cannot be, between now
and the 1st day of July next, fifteen thousand of
them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is my under-
standing.
Mr. WILSON. During the present year per-
haps one hundred thousand veteran soldiers will
go out of the service. The Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes,] who, perhaps, is too modest to say
it publicly, tells me that nineteen regiments un-
der one major geneial fioiu theStateol lowahave
reenlisted. Many other regiments ha.ve leenlisted.
A large portion of these old veterans seem re-
solved that they are in for the war, and intend to
fight it out.
Mr. GRIMES. I ought to correct the state-
ment the Senator has made. I said a brigadier
general from the State of Iowa. My State does
not furnish majorgenerals.
Mr. WILSON. You have General Curtis, one
of the oldest major generals in the service.
Mr. GRIMES. I received a letter from him
the night before last stating that the second and
seventh Iowa regiments, two crack regiments
from my State, had enlisted bodily, and had gone
home; and lie says the remaining number, seven-
teen, under his command, are all in the process of
going home, having almost unanimously reen-
listed into the service.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, we want to fill up our ar-
mies. Six months preceding the 30th of June
last we raised thirty-one thousand by volunteer-
ing. From the 30th of June, when the draft com-
menced, up to the latter part of December, we
raisedeighty-six thousand men under the pressure
of the draft and by the commutation money fur-
nished from the draft. Wo are receiving now a
vast number of men, and if these bounties are
continued to the 1st day of February, I think we
shall put into the field more than half the men
called for by the Government.
In stead ot striking out this $300 pro vision, which
was at one time so misunderstood and so misrep-
resented, but which in its practical workings has
proved so favorable to the poor and toiling men
of the country, so much so that it enabled foity-
seven thousand of them to pay commutation—in-
stead of repealing that clause,! would amend this
bill and deciease the time of service from three
yeais to eighteen months. I believe we ought to
do it. Military men may bo against it. They
would lilte to have men enlisted "for five years in-
stead of three years. You always find that the
men connected with the regular Army want long
enlistments; but, sir, we are to determine that
question, and determine it in view of the interests
of the country and the burdens of our people.
What are we doing > We ask for men. The Gov-
ernment has called for three hundred thousand
men, and I piesume that is the number the Gov-
ernment wants, either of old veterans who reen-
list, or of new men. More than half of those
men I think we shall have enlisted within the next
twenty or thirty days. Then we shall have a
draft in the poitions of the country that fail to
furnish then- quotas. Why is it that it is neces-
sary to offer these enormous bounties for men to
enlist for three years ? Why is it that we are draft-
ing men for three years, which to many men ap-
pears almost an eternity, when there is not a man
of us who believes that the military power of the
rebellion can stand twelve months longer?
If we were to call out men to be placed in new
regiments, under new officers—mere militia—I
would not be willing to reduce the time of service;
but wc are to put these men into old veteran regi-
ments, where, in thirty days, they will be fit for
service. If we reduce the time from three yeais
down to eighteen months, and find a year hence
that the military power of the rebellion is not
crushed, then we can make a draft for eighteen
months longer. I believe the country would hall
and welcome this reduction; it would bear more
lightly on the people. Thousands of small farm-
ers, mechanics, and laboring men, instead of sell-
ing their farms or their shops, or running in debt,
to furnish substitutes or pay the $300 commuta-
tion money, would resolve to go into the service
and do their part for the suppression of the re-
bellion. We ought to adopt it, and let this §300
provision stand m the act. if people choose,
rather than go for eighteen months into the old
regiments, to get a substitute, or if they choose
to pay the §300, let the Government take the$300
and get substitutes for them. The Government
can get substitutes enough. The Senator from
Indiana complains that the Government have not
got the substitutes. They have got them, and
more too, for we have had to appropriate the
money to pay for them. But where did many of
these substitutes come from? I understand we
have raised more than five thousand men in the
State of Arkansas. We have raised four or five
thousand men in East Tennessee. We aieraising
men in the rebel States among the Union men of
those States, as our armies advance, and it is for
the interests of the country to have the means to
enlist those men, and transfer as far as we can
the burden of war from the loyal States to the
disloyal sections of the country. Every white
man and every black man we put into the service
from the rebel States weakens the rebellion so
much and strengthens the country.
I want to adopt a policy that shall bear as lightly
as possible upon our people—upon our productive
industry—and shall fill up our armies. That is
the first question; and I want to save the Treas-
ury all the expense that can possibly be saved.
I believe our danger is more from wantof money
than from wantof men. I have believed through
the war, and I never had any doubt, that Jeff
Davis's kingdom would tumbledown for wantof
money, however bravely his men might fight or
rush to the battle-field. He is going down. He
is perishing every hour because he has not money
and cannot get money; and we are strong because
our finances have been so managed that we have
been able to meet our obligations and keep our
currency comparatively sound.
It appears to me that in raising men at this crisis
of the war to put into the old regiments for three
years, we arc compelled to pay double the boun-
ties we should pay if the term of service was only
a year and a half; and if we draft, we are putting
what the people believe to be a burden upon them
by drafting for three years. When you say to a
young mail that he shall be drafted and serve
three years, he feels that it is a great portion of
his life; but if you say to him he shall only be
drafted for twelve or eighteen months, he begins
to think that is not along period, and he goes
into the service more cheerfully and feels it to be
less of a burden.
ButthcSenatorfrom Indiana tells usthatwepay
a bounty of £,300 to a raw recruit, and we let iiim
off for #300. lie told us that we paid a bounty
of $400 to a veteran, and allowed a drafted man to
escape on the payment of only $300. The Senator
forgot to tell us that by law we pay a bounty of
$100, and when the Government reenlists a vet-
eran, it uses precisely the $300 received from a
drafted man to obtain a substitute and the $100
now appropriated by law.
I have prepaied an amendment to the bill, to
reduce the time of service of drafted men from
three years to eighteen months. I believe it the
wisest thing we can do to fill our armies, and have
them ready at the opening of the spring. Then,
if it is found necessary, the Government can call
for more men at any other time. If we find be-
fore Congress adjourns that the position of affairs
lequires us to make a change for the future, we
can do so. If we find a year hence that the rebel-
lion is not broken down, then we can change the
law or we can call for men for eighteen months
more. When the proposition now before the Sen-
ate is disposed of, I propose to offer this amend-
ment, and test the sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. COWAN. 1 hope, sir, that the present
pending amendment will not be adopted. I have
become satisfied in my own mind from everything
I have seen and heard in relation to the draft that
the law is now in this respect just about as well
as we can make it, and what is better, the people
now understand it and its operation. That is a
<*reat deal in any law, if it is once understood and
accepted by the people.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the time for which the President
calls for these men is too long. Three years is
too long a term, and that was really the main ob-
jection on the part of the people to serve under the
'late draft. If it had been one year, or if it had
been eighteen months, I think the response would
have been such a one as would have gratified the
country; but to ask aman to serve for three years
in the Army isaboutequivalent to asking him togo
for a lifetime; because,in three years the chances
aie very much against his returning safely in life
and limb. But, sir, it seems to me the responsi-
bility for that is upon the executive department
of this Government. There is nothing in the law
which obliged them to call for men for three years,
ond it was expressly understood here,in the dis-
cussion of the bill last year, that it should be at
the option of the President as to the length of time
for which he would call the men out.
There is another thing which I wish to suggest
here. I think the seventeenth section of the ori-
ginal bill requires amendment, and it requires it
