j-864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
luminously reported that there can be no doubt of
the destruction of this money, and a military com-
mission has reported that this officer was in no
way to blame. What more can anybody want?
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone and print.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 69, naysJ56, not voting
47; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. James C. Alien, William J. Allen,
Blair, Bliss, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Chanler,
Ambrose VV. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Coffroth, Cox, Cra-
vens, Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldiidge, Eng-
lish, Fiuuk, Gan&on, Grider, Harding, Harrington, Benja-
min G. Hams, Hemek, Holman, llotchkissj Iiutchins,
1'iiHip Johnson, William Johnson, K&Ibfleisch, Law, La-
zear, Le Blond, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell, McKmney,
Middleton, William H. Miller, James R. Morris, Morrison,
Nelson, "Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Piice,
Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers,
Ross, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stuait,
Sweat, Thomas, Van Vatkenburgh, Wad-^worth, Elihu U.
Washbuine,Webstei, Wlialey, Wheeler, Ciulton A.White,
Joseph W. White, and Winlield—G9.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Amos, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John J). Baldwin, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Broomall,Cobb, Cole,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes}Demlne, Dixon, Donnelly,Dnggs,
Eckley, Ehoj, Farnsworth, Gaifield, Gooeh, John 11. Hub-
bard,Rulburd,Ingersoil, Julian, Kellcy, Francis W. Kellogg,
Knapp, Knox, Loan,Marvin, McBnde, McClurg. Samuel
F. Miller, Mooihrad, Darnel Moiiis, Amos Myers, Leonard
Mjerij, Noiton, Charles O'Neill, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Alexander II. Rico, John II. Rice, Edward [I. Rollins,
.Tames S. Rollins, Schenek, Scofiohl, Shannon, Sloan,
Bmithers, Stevens, Thayer, Upson, William B.Washburn,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Windom—66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Blaine, Bran-
degee, Brooks, Clay, Creswell, Hcmy Winter Davis, Du-
mont, Fenton, Frank, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Hall,
Charles M. Harris, Higbv, Hooper, Asahel VV. Hubbard,
Jenckes, Ka«son, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, King, Little-
jolin, Long, Longyear,McAlhstcr, Mclndoe,Morrill, Odell,
Oith, Patteison, William H. Randall, Scott, Smith, Spald-
ing, Stair, Sfcelfbins, Strouse, Traev, Voorhees, Ward,
B«njamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and Yea-
inau—47.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. tlOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 rise to a privileged
question. I desire to make a report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill of the House (No.
•192) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1S65 The
House will remember that a report was made by
this committee some days ago, and that that re-
port was rejected. But the House concurred in
all the recommendations of the repoit so far as
action by the House was concerned, except upon
one point. The Senate have already receded from
their ninety-fourth amendment fixing the salary
of the Treasurer of the United States to which the
House objected, and have concurred with the ac-
tion of the House in all other particulars. This
report, therefore, recommends no action by the
House.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (Ij. R. No.
392) making appropuations lor the legislative, executive,
andjiidioinl expenses oi the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1865, and for other puiposes, having met, alter
full and free conteience have agreed to lecornmend and do
recommend to their respective Houses as follows •
That the Senate recede troin their ninth and ninety-
fouith amendment.
Th.it the Senate lecede fiom their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the twenty-fifth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same.
Tlu.t the Senate recede fiom their disagreement to the
amendment of the Iloueo to the thuty-fourth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the ninetieth amendment of the
Senaie, and ,'igiee to the same.
Tlut'the Senate agree to the amendments recommended
by the repoit of the previous conference committee to the
mneiy-fiUh amendment of the Senate, agreed to by the
House.
That the Senate agree to the amendments of the House
to the ninety-MXtli amendment of the Senate as modified
by the lecommisud'Uion of the pievious committee of con-
ference, and i'2ieed to bv the House.
JOIIN SHERMAN,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on tk<- part of the Senate.
GEORGE 11. PENDLETON,
WiLliTAM WINDOM.
ORLANDO KEI.LOGG,
Managers on ike j-art of the House.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
• LIEUTENANT WILLIAM P. RIOENBB.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, bill of the House No. 12i,
for the relief of Lieutenant William P. Richner,
seventy-seventh regiment Ohio volunteer in-
fantry.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to cause
to be paid to William P. Richner the pay and
emoluments of a first lieutenant from the 31st of
December, 1861, to the 31st of August, 1862.
Mr. GARFIELD. This bill passed the House
at the last session, but failed in the Senate for
want of time. The case is briefly"this: "this offi-
cer was appointed by the Governor of Ohio on
the 31st of December, 1861, as a lieutenant. In
consequence of orders from the War Department
thatany p'erson who had resigned his commission
should not be eligible to be mustered in and re-
commissioned until such disability was removed,
he was not mustered and commissioned until the
following August. But he performed his duties,
and actually led his company in battle. He con-
tinued to discharge the duties of his office until
his disabilities were removed, and he was mus-
tered in. The Department acknowledged the
justice of the claim, but lacked the power to pay.
I referred these papers to the War Department,
and received that response. It is a perfectly clear
case, and I hope the bill will pass.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States informing the House that he
had approved and signed bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 40) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1865,
and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 179) concerning lands in
the State of California;
An act (H. II. No. 217) to confirm certain du-
ties of land in the State of Michigan;
An act (H. R. No. 227) granting lands to the
State of Michigan for the construction of certain
wagon roads for military and postal purposes;
An Kct (H. R. No. 290) for the relief of Rhoda
Wnlcott, widow of Henry Wolcott;
An act (II. R. No. 356) requiring proof of pay-
ment of duties on foreign salt before payment of
the allowances provided for by the acts of July
39; 1813, and March 3, 1819; -
An act (H. R. No. 486) to amend an act to
provide a temporary government for the Terri-
tory of Idaho, approved March 3, 1863;
An act (II. R. No. 504) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to sell the marine hospital
and grounds at Chicago, Illinois, and to purchase
a new site and build a new hospital;-'
An act (H. R. No. 513) to detach the counties
of Calhoun and Branch from the western judicial
district and annex the same to the eastern district
of the State of Michigan;
An act (H. II. No. 521) toamendanactentitled
"An act to provide for the payment of the claims
of Peiuvian citizens uuder the convention be-
tween the United States and Peru of the 12th of
January, 1863," approved June 1, 1864; and
A joint resolution (H. 11. No. 47) for the relief
of Rev. W. B. Matchett.
II. C. DE AHNA.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a joint resolution to pro-
vide for the claim of Colonel Henry Charles De
Ahna, for military services; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides au-
thority lo the accounting officers of the Treasury
to settle the accounts of Henry Charles De Ahna,
for his services as colonel of infantry, in active
service, and that he be considered honorablydis-
chai'ged from the military service.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not desire to raise a
question of order upon that bill until I can hear
some explanation of it; and 1 will not until I can
hear from the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is a very volumin-
ous report in this case, which I do not- des.ire, to
detain the House with the reading of, and I will
therefore make a brief statement of .ti)e facts.
This officer has had a very checkered history-in
connection with the Army, having been once tried
by court-martial umler'Generaj Fremont jft; $ti ,
Louis, and sentenced to be- dismissed from •
service. But the record,of the court having been 1
forwarded to Washington was annulled by the
President of tfee United States as being an illegally
organized court, and the sentence bemg such as
he did not approve. He w-as then ordered back
to duty, but by some perverseness by the officer
there in command he was ordered back again.tg,
Washington. He was again ordered back to
duty, but in the mean time his regiment was mus-
tered out of the service, and he was dropped
by some indirect means of getting him out of the
service. He was then nominated' by the Pres-
ident as a brigadier. His case was favorably re-
ported upon by the Military Committee of the
Senate, but just about the time his nomination
would have been confirmed a telegram was sent by.
an officer holding a high command in the West,
recommending that he benotconfirmed, and inti-
mating that there were some very grave things
against him. On that intimation he was not con-
firmed, and it was .riot until after that that his
payment was stopped. Yet he has not been
regularly mustered out of service, and possibly
ought to be paid down to the present time. But
the question is so involved in orders and cross-
orders and counter-orders that the committee
deemed it best to compromise the matter by re-
porting in favor of paying liim not quite three
fifths of the amount That he might possibly be
entitled to. It was the unanimous conclusion
of the committee that at the very lowest figure
ho was entitled to the pay of colonel for one
year. The resolution is so drawn that the ac-
ceptance of that payment byhim will waive all
his military claims against the Government, and
that was considered the best means of adjusting
the whole matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask- my colleague
whether this officer was not paid up to the time
the regiment was mustered out?
Mr.«GARFIELD. Yes, and after that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was he ever in battle?
Mr. GARFIELD. I donotknowthathewas
in any battle. He has been paid by the Govern-
ment and has been recognized as colonel since his
regiment was mustered out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 have a number of,
cases to report to the House where men have
served as volunteer aids or in other capacities in4'
the field, without being mustered in or legally
appointed. The committee has directed me to
report back all of them adversely. Certainly, if
these men who were actually in service in the
field are not entitled to pay, this man is entitled
to nothing after being discharged and while he
was not in the service.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will not compel me to go into the whole
history of this very unpleasant transaction, which
is in every way discreditable to some officers of
the Army.- I regard him and the committee re-
gards him as a man who has been very grievous-
ly wronged, and the least .possible recompense
that can now be mode will be to grant him this
claim and settle the question with him.
Mr. NOBLE. Mr. Speaker, I made an appli-
cation this morning to have an officer who was
wounded at the Wilderness, and whose company
has been mustered out, continued in his pay
until he is able to leave his bed. He is severely
wounded, and will not be able to be out of his bed
for a long time to come. I was informed that
there was no rule by which a man could be kept
on the loll after the discharge of his company,
and I was-referred to a regulation to the effect
that when troops are mustered out of service all
officers and men, present and absent, who are
entitled to be discharged, will be considered as
mustered out at one time and place, except pris-
oners of war, who will be considered as in service
until their arrival in a loyal State, with the allow-
ance of time necessary for them to be returned to
their respective places of enrollment. This man
whom I desired to have kept on the rolls for ti
