144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11.
simply because it is not fair. That section pro-
vides—
" That any person enrolled and drnfted according to the
provisions nf this act, who shall furnish an acceptable sub-
s-tiluto, j-bail thereupon leecivo fiom the boaul of enioll-
mejit a certificate of discharge fioin buch draft."
Now, if the section stopped there it would be
all right, but it goes further, and declares that
that
" Shall exempt him from military duty during the lime for
which he was drafted $ and such ■substitute shall beauti-
fied to the same pay and allowance-? piovided by law as if
he had beeiioiigmally drafted into the service of the United
States."
It is obvious at first sight, if we suppose the
substitute liable to draft, that this allows two men
to escape by performing the service to which each
might have been liable. Therefore T think that
the same construction ought to be put that, which
is the true one, in my opinion, has been put upon
the thirteenth section. That is the section which
it is now proposed to repeal, the section which
allows the exemption upon payment of $300.
The effect of that, as stated in the section itself,
is this:
" And thoioupon raichpei-osj^o furnish lnc> the Mib-titute,
or pa^ in.u' the money, t-h.dl he dtochaiged liom farther lia-
bility under that dialt."
The fair meaning of that is, that when the Pres-
ident of the United States calls for three hundred
thousand men, and the draft is made, and a man
stands his chance and is drawn and furnishes a
substitute, he shall not be put into the wheel and
made subject until the whole of that quota shall
be filled; or, in other wouls, he is not again liable
to draft under that call. In the same way, if he
furnishes a substitute, be ought not to bo liable
unless his s-ubstbute, being liable to draft, should
himself be drafted, and if in that en ho he is drafted,
the principal should stand for him. K will be
found upon an examination of (he several provis-
ions of Jho Slate laws, the old militia law*, that
they always provided for such a result; that is,
where the substitute was accepted, and the sub-
stitute himself being liable to draft was afterwards
drafted, then his principal was bound to answer
for him.
I think that alteration should be made in this
law, and 1 would agree to that amendment; but
any amendment affecting the $.300 clause now 1
think would be injudicious. 1 do not see upon
what principle the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxi.r] 15 based. Under
the diaft the people are dtawn by lot; it is by
chance; and if a man is dinwn to serve, that is
his ill-luck. Tlnu-e aie eight, or ten othei s of his
fellows Y'ho would be drawn. You tell lum lie
can a\oid serving either by getting a substitute or
pay mg ft300. Put the amendment of the honor-
able Senator fiom Massachusetts seems to threaten
him with a sntcharged amount of ill-luck. He
proposes not only to compel him to pay but
because, he happens to be rich he taxes lum three,
six, or ten per cent, in pioportton to bis income.
If we had all the rich people in that category it
might be fair; but it will be lememlxTed that he
has only one out o| some ten or a dozen, and that
one drawn by lot. Theivfoie 1 think it is notfau.
Let there be a fair admini.Ui ation of t he law, and
id us hand be laid tin the people equally, ami my
word foi it the people will ie-<pond, and will ie-
spond generously. Make it unlair; make il seveie
ami hai? h, and they will not respond.
J think the honorable Senator from Indiana m 1
his aigument forgot a most important fact in the 1
consideration of the operation of the draft, lie |
assumes that all men 'are soldiers. That is not
so. There are a certain number of gamecocks j
in eve i y community, and there are a cei t.un nam- I
her of other men who aie nut soldiers, who are 1
not fitted for that life, and who would be of no ;
use io the field; and yet they arc liable to perform j
tlx-ir duty to the countiy; they are liable to do 1
what they can, what thev are qu iliiied to do, but ;
1 think even m the earliest times they wcie al- ;
lowed to commute for their personal servicc by ;
the payment of money. Anciently, in feudal j
times they paid eseutigc. They paid a certain j
sum for the absence of the escutcheon or shield j
which they were bound to carry into the wais i
with their lord. 1 think it will be found in tin !
commotions of the people ev< rywhere, when th<>r 1
came to d. r.iand from their masters ex< iapt. ms _
from former bardeoj, that one of them was, that
they should net be compelled to go into themih- '
tary service, but that they should be allowed to \\
commute after the fashion of escuage. I do not il
know that there has ever been any great popular
commotion in any country in Europe in which
that was not made one of the demands, when ask-
ing for their Magna Charta; and therefore I have
always been in favor of this provision exempting
weak, timid men, men not qualified to take the
field and become soldiers, upon paying a certain
amount of money. I think it is well that that
sum should be fixed and certain, so that they may
know what it is. 1 am pleased to say, too, that
I think no man, at least no man in my neighbor-
hood, of whose case 1 was cognizant, was unable
to raise the ^300 to pay his commutation. The
law therefore is satisfactory as-it is, and 1 think
ought not to be changed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILKINSON". I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. My object in making this motion is to have
a treaty referred. I am satisfied we shall not get
through with this bill to-day.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January II, 18G4.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are in
order.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a privileged question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The"Senator will
state his question.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to have the resolution
oifcied by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] for my expulsion, on the last day that
the Senate was m session, taken up and con-
sidered.
Mr. WILSON. I hope not.
Mi. DOOL1TTLE. I hope the Senator will
allow us to piesent petitions.
Mr. D WIS. I have no objection to the intio-
doetion of morning business.
The VICE PUESIDENT. Does the Senator
fiom Kentucky withdraw his motion?
Mr. OA ViS. I do for the pteseiit. If the
('hair please, some gentlemen suggest to me to
withdraw the motion until the morning bushuss
be got through with, and 1 do it for that purpose.
l'KTITIOXS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of the reli-
gious Society of Friends of i he State of New York,
pi ay mg for exempli on from military duty ; win eh
was reft i r"d to the Committee on Militai y Allans
and tho Militia.
Mr. RAMSEY pies.mted a petition of the t\ li-
gious Society of Fuend.-> of the .State of New Yoik,
piaymg for exemption from military duty; which
was i eicrr- d to the Committee on Military A Hairs
and the Militia.
Mr SlJAINKR. I present a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, pinying Congress to pass a
law piowding for a uniform ambulance eoipsfor
the aimies of the United States. This is signed
by upwaul of fifty citizens of Mast' ichusetts,
among whom are the Governor of the Common-
wealth, the executive council, many members
of the State senate, the speaker of the house of
repi esentativc s, the bishop of the diocese, and
also other distinguished citizens. I move its icf-
erenceto the Committee on Military AlFaits and
the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi. DOOLITTLE presented three petitions of
citizens of Wisconsin, praying that the Consti-
tution of the United Slates may be so amended <">s
to prohibit shiv'-ry in all the States and Territories
of the United States; which weic referred to the
Committee; on the Judir lary.
Air, FOSTER piesented the petition of John
Cornwall and others, merchants of Bridgeport,
ConiK ''tieut, pray mg that th" petition oft lie South
Aiv
n St'-am-s
posi
ranted;
on Commerce
p Company, rdung aid to
d < oummnieaMon by steam vnscIs
li.e.j of Sou'h Auv-nca, m iv be
ii was refcirod to the Comrmuce
Mr. IIOWE presented additional papeis in re-
lation to the petition of William Poiter and Wil-
liam JLrtii'kins, praying for relief; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commeice.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
George A. Schieincr, pilot of the steamer Sun-
shine, praying for a pension for the loss of an
arm at the battle of Lexington, Missouri; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr.POMEROY. I also presentthepetition of
Mrs. Rebecca M. Dickson and other women of
Douglas county, Kansas, some two hundred m
number, praying that Congress may take action
for the amendment of the Constitution so us to
provide for the abolition of slavery throughout
the United States; and I have another petition of
the same character, signed by two hundred men
of Douglas county, Kansas, making the same
prayer.
This petition has peculiar significance to my
mind from the fact that twelve of the men who
signed it on the 18th day of August last were
massacred on the 21st day of August, at the time
of the destruction of Lawrence, and this is their
last effort and prayerni this direction. I take up
the sentiment that they expressed in this petition,
and take it up wheie they left off, and hope and
pray that the prayer of the petition may in some
way be granted. There is no suitable committee
to which to refer these petitions specially, and I
should therefore like to hove them he on the table
until some committee be appointed that shall have
the subject in charge.
The petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of Garrett
R. litirry, paymaster in the Umtud States Navy,
praying to be relieved from all responsibility as
bondsman for Paymaster John De Bree, for loss,
in consequence of the disaster to the United States
frigate Cumbeilaud; winch was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of Mary
Wacontah, Martha Waeontah,and Lucy Canon,
half-breeds or mixed bloods of the Dakota or
Sioux nation of Indians, praying that the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs may be authoiized to
issue to them Sioux half-breed certtficat* s or sci ip,
under the same restrictions that applied to the
certificates issued to the former recipients of the
soup in November, 1S5G; which was referred to
the Committer; on Indian Affairs.
Mi. LANE, of Indiana, presented a petition of
the '' Chicago Woikingmen's Association," of
Chicago, Illinois, praying that the $300 exemption
clause may bo stricken out of the enrollment law,
and also the clause authorizing the employment
of substitutes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN. I present a memorial of the
religious Society of Friends of the Suite of New
Y'oik, praying lor exemption from militaiy ser-
vice; and I uloo present the memorial of the pres-
bytciy of Saltsburg, Pennsylvania, praying that
clergymen may be exemptfrom military service.
As these subjects are now under consideration in
the Senate, 1 suppose these memorials may lie on
the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. COWAN also presented the petition of
Henry Kauffeltand others,pi aying compensation
for their property destroyed by thcUmtcd States
Army at WnghtsviUe, Yotk county, Pennsylva-
nia, m burning the hi idge across the Susquehanna
at that point; which wasrefeircd to the Committee
on Chums.
r AITUS YVT T11D Jl A TV N AND IVEFI-lRltDD.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordcycd. That the petition of Jo-eph G. Kennedy,
j M\ .iiii uu nekmmii' ,iuon lot diun.tC" done to Ij'uidiey^
1 h'IiDie"ic; *o him while the\ were u-< d by the (.'o\ >•' hinent,
be tak'-n tiom th" tile- oi the Senate, a'id o leiicd to the
Committee on L'tann■*.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was also
Orih-rnJ, Th it the lueuioual of Jo-eph <\ G. Kennedy,
poni!,;: for a iejval oft!):* joint r'^olutien of l)i'crinb r
Itf'ji, i dative to the Mhn v of the ;m-ci< taiv ot uie < 'cauis
Jh'Uid, b" taken uoni tee life-, of the Semite, and lcfnied
to the Coanmtieu oa Claim-.,
REPOUTS FItOM COMMITTED.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Comraittw on Pri.it-
inj, to wlinn v.Mi ri finvj u i -.c.ti.r.i to print the
iii"ir,oi'inl of til; c.MHuion cotuii.,! of tin1 <uty of
St. Paul, piuy;;:;f for a gi'diit of lands to md in
tlii: con.iti'uoUon of a l'iiih'oad from St. Paul to tlio
