3142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
few weeks only has been in actual service and
has been wounded in the service. As soon as
the term of his regimentexpires, just about now,
his pay stops, and yet he is on his back, and will
be for six weeks to come. Now, if that man is
not entitled to pay, certainly a man who has not
been in the service and is not wounded is not en-
titled,
MT. GARFIELD. There is a good deal of
weight in what my colleague says, I appreciate
it, and I agree with him. At the same time the
Government has given no pledge to the offioer to
whom my colleague refers. It has not decided
in his case that he is still an officer, as it has de-
cided in the case of this other party. I put this
claim on the ground of the obligation which the
Government has undertaken in regard to this
officer. Whether justly or unjustly taken, the
Government is bound to discharge the obligation
on which it has entered. I trust the resolution
will be passed. I move the previous question.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on seconding
the previous question, and appointed Messrs.
Garfield and Farnsworth.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 46, noes 49.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee ot the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
Mr.SCHENCK. I hope the report will be
printed.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, and ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reputed adversely on the
following cases; which were severally laid on the
table:
Memorial of citizcns of Illinois, praying that
hostilities may cease, peace be restored, and a
convention of all the States be called;
A bill (H. R. No. 417) regulating the pay of
certain officers of the Army of the United States;
Memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Washington, praying for an appro-
, priation for the construction of a road from the
head of navigation on Willopo river to the mouth
of Black river;
Petition of Joseph S. Griffin and sixty others,
citizens of Michigan, praying Congress to take
measures for the relief of the wives and children
of freedmcn, &c.;
A bill (H. R.No. 271) to promote the efficiency
of chaplains in the Army of the United States,
and to define their rank, pay, and emoluments;
Memorial for a military road across the Cas-
cade mountains;
A bill (H. R. No. 362) for the payment of field
officers of regiments for the time actually, em-
ployed in organizing their respective regiments;
and
Sundry petitions relative to recruiting without
authority of law.
MAJOXt MORRIS S. MILLER.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution
for the relief of Major Morris S. Miller, of the
quartermaster's department; which was read a
first ami second time.
The resolution was read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will explain the joint
resolution in a few words. The papers in the
case show that some thirty-seven thousand dol-
lars was paid by Major Miller under the express
order of tne then Secretary of War and the Q.uar-
termasterGeneral. This money was paid by this
officer, and this resolution will not take anything
out of the Treasury. By some decision of the
Comptroller of the Treasury, these sums were
not credited to Major Miller, and they stand
charged against him although he paid them under
theorderof his superior officer. This legislation
is necessary because the accounts of Major Mil-
ler cannot be reopened without an act of Con-
gress.
Mr. WILSON. Is there anything in the pa-
pers which accompany the joint resolution tnat
tvill show the ground upon which the Comptrol-
ler refused to pass this claim ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that that is
not shown.
Mr. WILSON. I think that there ought to be
something in the papers to show that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thisresolution sim-
ply authorizes the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to reopen the accounts of Major Miller and
credit him with these sums which he paid under
the order of the Secretary of War. Ir he had re-
fused to pay them he would have been subject to
a court-martial for disobedience of the orders of
his superior officer. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the.third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
v
PAYMENT FOR HORSES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill to amend an act to provide
for payment for horses and other property de-
stroyed in the military service of the United States,
approved March 3, 1849; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The object of this bill
is to supply a deficiency in the act of 1849. That
act provides for paying for horses lost in battle,
or which die afterwards of wounds, or which may
have to be abandoned, but there is no provision
for the payment for horses surrendered to the
enemy under an order of a'superior officer. A
captain who is commanded by his colonel to sur-
render loses his horse, and if he disobeys the or-
der he is liable to be court-martialed. A man sur-
renders his horse by order or' command of his
superior officer, and yet under the act of 1849 he
gets no pay for it; while, if his horse is lost by
reason of wounds, he would get pay, or if the
Governmentof the United States should not sup-
ply sufficient forage and his horse is lost in con-
sequence, he would get pay. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw the demand for a mo-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. There was a
case of a similar kind decided differently by the
committee. It referred to the payment of horses
of a regiment which surrendered in the State of
Missouri by command of their superior officers,
and after a very gallant fight too. This bill,as I
understand, provides for the payment on the part
of the Government of the United States, not now
merely, but from the commencement of the war,
for hoises belonging to officers and privates which
were surrendered by command of their superior
officers. I know the Department disapproves of
any such law as that. 1 have a letter from one of
the officers m the Treasury Department which I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Third Auditor's Office, December 29,1862.
Sir: I have the honor to return herewith the claims of
sundry members ot'the first Illinois cavairy f'orthe alleged
loss of their horses and equipage, bin rendered by Colonel
Mulligan at Lcxmqton, Missouti, which you left with me
yesterday. Jn reply to your inquiry a* to the difficulty m
the way of settling their claims tor horses, stated to have
been lost m cmisequeneo of said suriender, I have to say
that cases for losses accruing by the suirender of commands,
or where individual officers or soldiers have been taken
prisoner and subsequently their horses taken from then,
have been temporarily laid a=ide in view of some doubt as
to whether the law embraced cases of that description, and
also foi the red&ou that it was in fcict impossible to act on
the eases clearly embraced in the law as fast as they were
filed in this office.
The law provides compensation fur the loss of a horse in
battle, or wounded in battle, and which has died or shall
die of said wounds, &c., &c., and where said loss is with-
out any fault or negligence on the part of the owner. But
it has been doubted whether Congress intended to pay for
losses arising ftom voluntary suirender or where the de-
privation of the property resulted from the act of the owner
himself or the officer m command.
So far the indemnity has been confined to cases of horses
killed m battle, or wounded, and dying in consequence of
the wound, except in a few cases of officers disabled by
wounds, and of surgeons who underorders were compelled
to remain on the field to attend to the wounded and were
taken prisoners and thereby lost their horses. It is. per-
haps, difficult to draw the line of distinction; but it seems
to mo that to allow all cases of losses by surrender would
be to open the door to claims not meritorious nor witinn
the intent of tile law. As a general rule officers and
mounted men take the risk of loss ot their horses as one of
the incidents of the service, the former furnishing their
own horses as part of the necessary equipments, and the
latter receiving a n^oney allowance of forty cents per day
for the use and risk'of their horses.
The act of the 3d of March, 1849, assumes the loss in the
cases specified therein, and this office has endeavored to
construe it strictly, leaving cases otherwise occurring for
future legislation if deemed proper by Congress.
[f it be understood that officers or men, by permitting
themselves to be taken prisoners in an action or without
any combat at all, become entitled to reclamation from the
Government for the losses sustained, it is not unreasonable
to suppose that advantage will be taken of such an induce-
ment which would operate injuriously alike to the service
and to the public Treasury.
I have thus briefly stated some of the points involved m
these and other cases of like charactcr. 1 will add that in
my late report to the Secretary of the Treasury [ have re-
ferred to the cases arising under this law as worthy the at-
tention of Congress. They are becoming very numerous,
and upon the strictest construction of the act will involve
a large amount of money. I respectfully suggest the pre-
sentation of the petitions, and a reference to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, which will thus appiOpriately bring
the matter before Congress. If it be desired to extend the
privileges of the law so as to embrace cases of surrender, a
short declaratory enactment would accomplish the object
and relieve this office from the difficulties above suggested.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
y K. J. ATKINSON,
Jiuditor.
Hon. William Kellogg,
House of Representatives, Washingtons D. C.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must resume the
floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I hope the
resolution will be laid on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This matter addresses
itself to the common sense and justice ofevery man.
If a company of privates are ordered by their supe-
rior officers to surrender their horses, they should
get pay for them as much as they Would if they
were injured in battle. You need not pay any-
thing to the officers who order the horses to be
surrendered, and thus take away all inducement
to make such an order. If an inferior officer
loses his property in accordance with the order
of his superior officer, he ought to be paid. I
move the previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to lay
the bill on the table.  
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accoidtngly read the third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foknky,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (S. No. 319) to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to issue a land war-
rant to Richard Fitch, of Ohio;
Also, that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, a joint resolution (H. R. No. 11) in rela-
tion to the claim of Carmack & Ramsey;
In which bills and amendments the concurrence
of the House was requested.
VETERINARY SURGEONS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill to regulate the
rank, pay, and emoluments of veterinary surgeons
of cavalry regiments; which was read aiirs't and
second time by its title.
The bill provides that from and after the pas-
sage of this bill veterinary surgeons of cavalry-
regiments shall have the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a second lieutenant of cavalry, and that
they be appointed and commissioned in the same
manner as other commissioned officers of such
regiment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
