1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
the rebel lines are as submissive as those you
have taken under your care. You predicted that
a proclamation of emancipation would recall the
rebel from tlie army to defend and provide for
his family. In all this your theories have been
delusive.
These threeorfourmillion Africans—a number
almost equal to the number of those who are at-
tempting to overthrow the Government—have
remained passive or submissive laborers for rebel
masters, while your soldiers, who have suffered
none of the wrongs of oppression and servitude,
but^inspired only by patriotism, leaving their
homes and families, have invaded that region of
rebellion to establish the supiemacy of the Con-
stitution of their country. As between these two
classes o4 men, all prejudice aside, the one pas-
sive and indifferent under servitude, the other
striving and striking and bleeding, my friend
makes no discrimination whatever, or, if any at
all, a discrimination in favor of the African and
against the brave and gallantsoldier who has im-
periled life and all for the country.
My colleague speaks of the African as pecu-
liarly entitled to the consideration of the Govern-
ment; complains of the injustice done him 111
connection with the sale of lands in South Caro-
lina; asserts that he is entitled to equality in the
regenerated South, although he has not volun-
tarily raised an arm or stiuck a blow on behalf
of the Government, or what gentlemen regard as
the same thing, his freedom. I do n^, understand
the doctrine. It claims for the negro, who does
nothing even for his own freedom, more than you
will yield to the white soldier, who has done all
that mortal man could do. 1 would do all, sir, that
humanity demands for the negro. I regret that
he is a slave, and still more that ho consents to
be a slave. Yetl protest against the feelings that
consider his rights in preference to those of the
white soldier. The argument against my prop-
osition, when fairly spoken, is that it will afford
facilities for sharpers by inducing soldiers to sell
their lands to those engaged m land speculation.
That argument would deprive them of any prop-
erty. In the instance referred to, Beaufort, South
Carolina, where the Government jjas seized large
bodies of lands and sold them at nominal prices
to negroes and "speculators, no restriction I be-
lieve has been imposed on the African, who buys
the land at a merely nominal price. No, sir; that
would never do. And yet this restriction is to be
imposed on the most meiitorious class of our fel-
low-citizens. The Government must withhold
the title for five years for fear he might sell his
land to nspeculator! Very careful of the soldier!
If any discrimination is to be made, as in legis-
lation discriminations are generally made, it ought
to be made in favor of those who have served
their country well, who have imperiled their lives,
who have encountered gieat hardships and dan-
gers, and shown by their conduct and acts the
highest devotion to their country.
1 have believed, sir, and I still believe, that
these public lands should have been appropriated
for one of two objects: either as a foundation for
the national credit, and to be ultimately applied
to the extinguishment of the public debt, or else
they should have been applied exclusively or
mainly to the remuneration of that class of men
who nave sacrificed and suffered so much for
their country in its hour of penl.
Mr. Speaker, the great body of the soldiers
who enlisted during the first few months of the
war relied upon receiving their land bounties.
They knew that every soldierof the war of 1819
had received this bounty, even though he might
not have served for more than a period of fourteen
days. They knew that eveiy surviving soldier
of the war of the Revolution had received this
bounty, that every soldier of the Mexican war
and of the Indian wars had icceived it; and in the
western country might have been seen posted up
invitations to men to join the Army undent prom-
ise of their get tiller the bounty of a quarter sec-
tion of land. In this they have been disappointed;
butl insist on approaching as near to that policy
as the public interests will permit. Itisthatidea
which I have sought to embody in the proposi-
tion which I have submitted: it service of three
months and an honorable discharge to entitle the
soldier to his quarter section of land, without any
payment; and a service of two years and an hon-
orable discharge to entitle him to the patent for
his land after a residence of one instead of five
years, as provided by the bill.
As 1 know that this day is, to some extent, in-
tended to be devoted to the consideration of pri-
vate bills, and as the pending bill is unexception-
able, except so far as it fails to provide properly
for that class of men for whose benefit I have sub-
mitted my amendment, I suppose the House will
prefer to dispose of it without any general de-
bate. My proposition is so manifestly right that
I trust my colleague will, in view of its justice,
assent to it, and that it will be adopted, and that
the House will pass the bill thus amended.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the measure be-
fore the House was duly considered by the com-
mittee of the Senate which framed the bill, and
also by the House committee. Both committees
agreed to the bill just as it is, making no excep-
tion or qualification as to soldiers except as pro-
vided in the sections which I explained on last
Friday. It will be recollected that we allow sol-
diers to make the affidavits required by thehome-
stead law before the officer in command, if they
are on duty, and that if they have taken the ini-
tiatory steps required in the way of settlement and
cultivation, and are afterwards called into the ser-
vice, they shall not thereby lose their rights, but
may ^ve them m the manner pointed out in the
bill as we report it.
If we proceed to make further exceptions, if we
provide that the soldier shall pay no money as
the condition of securing his title, and that one
year's occupancy shall be sufficient,it isaprece-
dent for a further departure from the homestead
policy and a long step toward its overthrow.
That policy looks to the settlement and improve-
ment of the land. Indeed, this is its grand and re-
deeming feature. The bill before us corrects the
practical defects m the homestead law of 186:3, so
that its benefits are fairly and equally opened to
all; but the committee were unwilling, as I hope
this House will be, to make any such radical de-
parture fiom the principles of that law as my col-
league proposes. I have, I trust, as sincere a re-
gard for the soldier as any gentleman on this floor,
not even excepting my colleague, but I protest
against any measuie which must necessarily lead
to the mutilation if not the destruction of the
homestead policy.
1 do not desire to consume the time of the. House
by further replying to the points brought forward
by my colleaguivuul which have been in the main
totally foreign to the subject. lie referred to the
African question, which 1 have not mentioned in
the discussion of this bill, and which has nothing
to do with the vote we are about to take. 1 have
been known to talk on that subject when it was
in oidei, but I do not propose to enter upon it to-
day with my colleague, who seems so much to
relish it. Disuussiugit, with the long and irrele-
vant diatribe to which he has treated us, and
hoping that the bill will pass just as it came to us
from the Senate, I demand the previous question.
Mr. IIlGljY. 1 ask the gentleman to withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 yield to my colleague on the
committee.
Mr. IIIGBY. Mr. Speaker, theie is another
good reason why the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. IIolman] on the other side o,f
the House should not be adopted. This bill as
it has been prepared and passed the Senate has
been under consideration by the Committee on
Public Lands. It lias been reported unanimously
by that Committee on Public Lands, containing a
provision by way of fees to make up the want of
salary on the part of ccrtain officers, those officers
of the United States who are not supported by their
presentsalarieseven in connection witli fees. Pro-
vision has been made in the amendments to the
homestead bill by which a certain increase of fees
is made to those officers. The provision is not
to raise their salaries, cut down some time pre-
viously. There will not be ail increased burden
upon the Treasury. A requisition is made upon
those who enter lands to pay ccrtain increased
fees. If this amendment prevails it will strike
at the merits of the bill before the House, and al-
i most render it a nullity. If the soldier does not
J have pay enough, aecoiding to the opinion of the
j gentleman on the other side of the House, who
; seems to be trying to be a more ardent friend of
i the soldier than any one on this side, let bint seek
' some other remedy bv which the soldier will ha-ve
a certain remuneration without striking at the vi-
tality of the bill. I hope that the bill will pass
without the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, and that the whole work of the House
and Senate committees thus far will not be de-
stroyed.
Mr. DRIGGS. With the gentleman's permis-
sion, I will make a single remark. If the gentle-
man's amendment prevails, certain provisions of
the bill will become nugatory, espegially where it
is provided thatfor all personal effects the parties
entering the land should give security to pay for
them within five years. If after a residence of
one year the soldier is to get a title, howcan that
provision be carried out?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will answer that.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will make one further remark.
The man who will not pay ten dollars for forty
acres of land will not occupy it. It is simply to
pay for the expenses of survey, and I do not
think there is a soldier who would accept the privi-
lege and refuse to pay these expenses.  
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will, if the gentleman will re-
new the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will.
Mr. Speaker, it will be understood by any gen-
tleman who reads the bill carefully that the pro-
viso does not conflict with any provision or affect
its vitality. The gentleman from California is
mistaken. ' My proviso will make the soldier
entitled to the title of this land without the pay-
ment of money, and the other class will have to
pay ten dollars; and he will get his patent after
a residence of one year, while they will have to
wait five ycats. It is only a disciiminatiQn m fa-
vor of infinitely the most meritorious class of per-
sons. I icnew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs*. James V. Allen, Ancona, Andeison,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Jacob 13. lH<ur, James S.
Brown, Chanler, ('lay, Cotfioth, Crebwell, Dawson,Deni-
M>n, Dmuom, Eldiiclge, Hull, Ifnrdmii, Harrington, Charles
M. Harrn, Hcruck, Holinan, Kalbti'nscli, Kernim, Long,
Malloiy, Marry, Muidleton, Daniel Moirit,jMorri>an, Atnoa
Myers, Noble, Odoll, John O'Neill, Oith, Pendleton, Per-
ly, Pmyn, Jladloid, Samuel J. Randall, Jamoo S. Kollins,
lloss, Smith, Stebbins, John B. Steele, Sules, Strode, -
Sttiatt. Wadswoith, Ward, Webstei,Whaley, Wheeler, and
Yeaman—54.
i\AYS—Mes>rs. Alley, Alison, Aine^, Ashley, John I>.
Baldwin, Baxter, Be.uuan, Boutwcl), JLljandcgop, Ihoom-
all, Amlnose W. Chirk, Cobb, Colo, Henry Winter Davw,
Thomas T. DaVis, Dawes, Deming, Donnelly, Dnggs, Eek-
ley,Eliot, Fcnion, Frank, Gooeh, Highy, Hotciikiss, John
11. llubbard, Julian, Ka -on, Ketloy, Fiancis \V. Kulloej,',
Loan, LoNgyear, Muivm, McBude, jMeCluig, Samuel F.
Miller. Mooihe;id, Leonard Myei*, Notion, Peiham, Pike,
Pi ice, Alc.xandi'i fl. Rico John H. Rico, Sehenck, Scofield,
Shannon, Smithon-, Spalding, Starr, Slovens, Thayer, Up-
son, KUhu B, Wafchburue, Wilder, Wilson, and VVm-
dom—58.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McDOWELL stated that he was paired
off with Mr. Wasiihijrn, of Massachusetts.
Mr. L. MYERS stated that i^Ir. O'Neill, of
Pennsylvania, was paired off with Mr. Steele,
of New Jersey.
The result was then announced as above re-
cortled.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SPEAKER rilO TEMPORE.
The SPEAKER. The House yesterday au-
thorized the Speaker, when compelled to be ab-
sent on Saturdays, to designate some gentleman
to act as Speaker pro tempore. As the Speaker
will be absent to-morrow he designates the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] to act as
such to-morrow.
