THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.;
&
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF .CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. KITES, "WASHINGfOX. W.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1864.
Sfi ftfirs'. *!\
head of Lake Superior, ask to be discharged from
its further consideration', in pursuance of the rule
which the committee has adopted'not to print me-
morials.
The report was concurred in.
DISTRICT LAWS.
Mr. GRIMES. On Friday last a communica-
tion from R. S. Coxe, appointed by the President
of the United States to codify and revise the laws
of the District of Columbia, was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia. The re-
port embraces a great many interesting and in-
structive facts which the committee believe it is
important to have printed. They have therefore
instructed me to move that the communication of
Mr. Coxc b.e printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 45) to set apart a portion of the State of
Texas for the use of persons of African descent;
which was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what committee
shall the bill be referred?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The committee to
winch that bill is to be referred is not yet organ-
ized. I therefore move that for the present it
he on the table, and be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMN ER risked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 46)
to remove doubts on the construction of the joint
resolution explanatory of "An act to suppress
insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to
seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and
for other purposes," approved July 17, 3862;
which was read twice by Us title.  
Mr. SUMNER. As that bill relates to a very
important question that has already been brought
to the notice of the Senate at this session, 1 move
that it be printed for the use of the Senate, and
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
47) to authorize the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fcins to issue Sioux half-breed certificates or scrip
to certain persons therein named; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint teso-
lution (S. No. 13) in relation to the occupation of
Mexico; which was read twice by us title, rc-
fei red to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce ajoint resolution
(S. No. 14) presenting the thanks of Congress to
Cornelius Vanderbilt for a gift of the steamship
Yanderbilt; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON asked,and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 16) proposing amendments to the
Constitution of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiiersoNjUs Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (No.
40) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1865; in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
CUSTODY 0F DRAFT COMMUTATION MONEY.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained jleave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 15) amemlntory of the joint resolution
to supply in part deficiencies in the appropriations
10
for the public printing,and to supply deficiencies
in the. appeopriation for bounties to volunteers;
which was read twice by its-title.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to saythatthis
isan amendment toa joint resolution passed dur-
ing the.present session, and is strongly recom-
mended by the Secretary of War. It is a slight
change ill that resolution in regard to the payment
and keeping in the Treasury of the money paid
in from the commutation fund; and if there be
no objection, it would bo an advantage to pass it
at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider this resolution at the present
time. Is there any objection?
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. . It will be read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, which
directs that the money paid by drafted persons
under the act for calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,1863,
or that may be paid under any act for like pur-
poses, shall be paid into theTreasury of theUni-
ted States, and shall be drawn out on requisitions,
as other public moneys, for the expenses of the
draft, and for the procuration of substitutes, for
which purpose the money so pakl is lflbw appro-
priated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) Is there any objection to the present
consideration of the bill?
Mr. GRIMES. I confessl do not understand
it. I should like to inquire of the Senator from
Massachusetts if there is any necessity for this
bill being passed at once without being printed.
Mr. W.JLSON. There is.
Mr. GRIMES. Without being printed?
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no. I will tell the Sena-
tor all the difference there is between this resolu-
tion and what is already done. Tlio joint reso-
lution we passed in December provided that this
money should be deposited in the Treasury and
set apart as aspecial fund. The Secietary of the
Treasury findsgreatdiffieultyin thatarrangement,.
and desires that it shall be put into the general
Treasury, and drawn out on warrant for this spe-
cial purpose. That is all the difference. It was
suggested the other day, when we had that resolu-
tion under consideration ,by tile Se nator ft om Ver-
mont, and 1 think that is the proper way.
Mr. COLLAMER. I tried to get it then.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time,and passed.
ARREST OP SOLDIERS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. WILKINSON. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Rcsoli-cl, That tlie Seetetaryof Wat be, and he is hereby,
instructed to inform the Semite whether Ire lets arty official
information in Ins Depaitment relating to the arrest and
imprisonment by the military authorities in Mis-omi of a
laige ltumbci ol tile ptiv.ue sohliets belonging to tin: ninth
Minnesota regiment; also, as to the entire of their arrest
ami imprisonment, how many have been so arrested, and
how ion:: they have been confined in prison.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILIvINSON. Mr. President, some time
in the month of September or October last, five
regiments of Minnesota volunteeis were sent into
the State of Missouri. One of those regiments,
the ninth Minnesota volunteers, was sent to and
stationed at Jeffetson Ci'y. A few days after
they were cncainpcJ at that city, a negro came
into the camp and told the private soldiers that
he was a freeman, and that Ins master was a rebel
who had gone into the service of the confederate
government. 'He also stated to the soldiers that
some men, by the permission of the commandant
of that post, one Geneial Brown, I believe, had
the wife and children of this negro on boatd the
cars, taking them South for sale. These soldiers
having been recently sent down there from the
pure atmosphere of Minnesota, thought that this
was ail outiage, and about forty of them, as I
•learn, started for the depot, found the train of cars
standing there with the passengers all ho'WsWj
and took the woman aiitl children out oftHw Sshds
of the traitors who were conveying t,bem o.tjt ijt'
the State, and delivered them b.Vqr'to th'feirilW-
band and father. This was'probably* eight itfeejjs
ago.- Thereupon forty of theise soldiers wete^si?
l-ested and put into prison, where they .now- i;e- -
main, as I understand. In regard to the facts", I
wish to read an extract from a letter ..that I have ,
received from a member of that regiment: .
" You have undoubtedly learned that under the Seljo-
field rigimc about forty of our men, of companies 0 ami K,
have been ill prison at this place for wee its past, for merely
preventing nil openly announced robot 1'tottt miming his
slaves to St. Louis for sale. White I cannot possibly, urts
der my present restraint of Ariny legulation,speak fully as
I would wish ill this" particular, lean characterize the out-
rage of imprisoning these men as unjustifiable, anil aR act
of military official baseness that certainly demands inquiry ■
beyond the jurisdiction oftlie pro-slavery tyrants who have
caused tlieir incarceration." -
I received another letter from a member of this ■
regimenta few days after it was stationed at Jef-
ferson City, stating that one of the privates going
fresh into the Army from our State was arrestq^,
that a ball and chain were attached to his leg, and
that ho was compelled to drag them arbuiuf tlie
camp, for the offense of having hallooed; for Jim
Lane. I do not know that he knew much' about
Senator Lane; but my impression is that these,
tilings in the Stateof Missouri must stop. I, for
one, am not willing thata private soldier shall be
thus incarcerated and kept in prison, and the men
of that regiment, and indeed all our soldiers in that
State, be demoralized, to gratify the pro-slavery
feelings of the officers in command in that State.
1 wish further to know, Mr. President, whether
these things are done by th'e local (hilitar.y.au-
thorities of the State of Missouii,or whether they
are done under the sanction of the authorities here
in Washington. While we are devising,all the
means in our power to raisesohliers to recruit our
armies, a power is found in the State of Missouri
which is demoralizing our soldiers; fori say be-
fore the Senate to-dny that these five thousajid
men from my State in Missouri.cannot and will
not make good soldiers if they are to be placed
and kept under the control of such men as "seem
to be governing'the military authorities- in that
State. This regiment will be utterly demoralized
if these soldieis aie not released from their con-
finement, and 1 venture to say that it is as good a
regiment a  is to be found any where in our Army.
It is true that its members have an idea somehow
that a negro whose master is in rebellion is a free
man; it is true that they thought also that his wife
and children belong to him; and perhaps they may
have committed some little act of insubordination
in not obeying the command of General Brown,
who, I have learned, was on the train of cars
from which these colored people were taken; but
one.thing is very certain, that if we want these
men to fight they must be .treated a little differ-
ently. I have offered this resolution for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether the Department
knows anything about the arrest and imprison-
ment of these men, and 1 shall insist,as the rep-
resentative of the State of Minnesota,thatoursol-
diers shall be treated differently in the future than
they have been in the past in the Stateof Mis-
souri. I will never consent that they shall be
made the tools of the slavery-loving tyrants of"
Missouri.
Mr LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, the
Secretary of War will have no difficulty, if he
takes the proper steps, in ascertaining that scores
if not hundreds of soldiers have been confined in
! the guard-houses of Missouri for no other offense
i than hallooing for Jim Lane. It is currently
! reported that two soldiers at Chilicothe, in that
! Stale, were bayoneted for no other offense than
! that.
' Mr. SUMNER. By whose orders?
, Mr. LANE, of Kansas.. I will endeavor to
! answer before I close. On that occasion it is re-
ported there were five soldiers arrested for that
offense. Four of them were forced into jail;
two of them were bayoneted while they were
being forced into jail; the fifth escaped. The
