1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
$148
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FA RNSWOIITH demanded tellers on the
passage of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hotchkiss
and Wheeler were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 63, noes 32.
Mr. WILSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the bill was passed."
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS OF INDIAN REGIMENTS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, joint resolu-
tion of the House No. 23, for the relief of the
officers of the fourth and fifth Indian regiments,
appointed and commissioned by the War Depart-
ment and mustered out of service without pay.
The substitute was read. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to adjudicate
and settle the claims of those officers of the fourth
and fifth Indian regiments who were commis-
sioned by the War Department and accepted their
appointment, for such time as they or either of
them were actually performing duty other than
as recruiting officers of said regiments, and to pay
such claims out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated; provided, however,
that no compensation shall be allowed but the pay
and emoluments incident to the respective rank
of the several officers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state that this
case was handed to me by my colleague on the
Military Committee from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mc-
Allister] when he left, with the request that I
would make the report to the House. It has
passed th-rough the Committee on Military Affairs.
It is a matter with which I am not personally
very familiar. The gentleman stated that it was
all right.
The substitute was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to ask the gentleman what is the aggregate
amount of money appropriated by this bill?
Mr. DAILY. I am very well acquainted with
the facts in this case.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
dispute the facts. I ask only as to the aggregate
amount.
Mr. DAILY. It will be, perhaps, three or
four thousand dollars for all the officers.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The
amount seems to be exorbitant for eighty men.
Mr. WILDER. These officers were mustered
out of service without pay, and this is a just claim.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.  
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to amend the
title so as to read: "Joint resolution for the re-
lief of the officers of the fourth and fifth Indian
regiments."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment to the
title was agreed to; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOSS OF HOUSES.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan,
the Committee on Military Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of a resolution re-
ferring certain papers relative to the loss of horses
by the first Illinois cavalry; and the same was laid
on the table.
MAJOR A. SCHWARTZ.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan,
the same committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Major A.
Schwartz; and the same was laid on the table.
JOSIAH M. CHRISTY.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan,
the same cofnmittee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Josiah M.
Christy, sutler to the twenty-eighth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers; and the same was laid
on the table.
THOMAS H. MILLER.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan,
the same committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Thomas
H. Miller to be allowed his pay while serving
in the United States Army; and the same was laid
on the table.
COMPENSATION OF PAYMASTERS.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan,
the same committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of certain
paymasters and paymasters' clerks for compen-
sation; and the same was laid on the table.
SUBSTITUTE BROKERS.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan,
the same committee was discharged from the
further consideration of a resolution instructing
the committee to inquire what further legislation
is necessary to prevent substitute brokers from
purchasing substitutes; and the same was laid
on the table.
K, G. ABEL.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan,
the Committee on Military Affairs was discharged
from the. further consideration of the petition of
A. G. Abel for his relief; and the same was laid
on the table.
PERCENTAGE ON COMMUTATION MONEY.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan,
the Committee on Military Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution
of the House instructing the committee to inquire
into the expediency of providing a percentage to
collectors for receiving commutation money;and
the same was laid on the table.
J. M. LANDElt.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I am instructed
by the Committee on Military Affairs to report a
bill for the relief of J. M. Lander, widow of Gen-
eral F. W. Lander, deceased. The case is avery
meritorious one, but under the peculiar circum-
stances I think 1 should allow it to go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar, and, with the papers accompanying, be
printed.
The bill was accordingly read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the
accompanying papers, ordered to be printed.
ROCK ISLAND BRIDGES.
On motion of Mr. ODELL, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution of the House in-
structing the Committee on Military Affairs to
inquire into the expediency of purchasing the
bridges at Rock Island; and the same was laid on
the table.
JAMES LINDSAY.
Mr. ODELL, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bi II for the relief of James Lind-
say, which was read a first and sccond time. The
bill directs the proper accounting officers of the
Government to settle with the claimant for three
mountain howitzers, caisson, harness, &c., which
by order of General Fiske, commanding United
States forces, were turned over to the United
States; provided that the payment shall not ex-
ceed the sum of $874 35.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
hear an explanation of that bill.
Mr. ODELL. The applicant in this case was
the colonel of a regiment of Missouri militia
which was ordered by the Government into ser-
vice, prior to which he had purchased and paid
for these three mountain howitzers at a cost of
about $875. 'When the regiment went out of ser-
vice the three guns, caissons, &c., were kept by
the Government. The Government has had them
in use ever since, and 1 believe have them now.
This is a claim to pay him for the cost of the guns.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the cost
of the guns shown by competent testimony?
Mr. ODELL. The applicant presented hill
claim for $1,000. The matter was referred to me
by the committee. I asked Mr. Lindsay /or evi-
dence in relation to his claim. He furnished the
evidence ofMr. Filley, of St. Louis, who, as I am
told by gentlemen who know him, isa man whose
word is good for any statement he may make,
and his evidence was that the claim was a just
one; that the claimant purchased the guns for the
amount of about eight hundred and seventy-fiyo
dollars, and that they have been efficient and useful
in the service of the United States. I think the bill
ought to pass, and I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ODELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CASSICS M. CLAY GUARDS.
Mr. ODELL. I have now a report to make
to (he House somewhat remarkable in its char-
acter, and I ask the attention of members to it. I
am instructed by the Committee on Military
Affairs to report adversely on the petition of
Henry F. Johns and others for relief. This is
an application for compensation for a company
of gentlemen who organized themselves as the
Cassius M. Clay Guards about the time the re-
bellion broke out. A number of gentlemen who
happened to be in the city a#that time organized
themselves into a company, which was stationed,
I believe, at Willard's Hotel, and this application
is for the pay of thatcompany. It is due to many
of the gentlemen whose names are on this roll
to say that they have no part in this matter, and
I make this statement so that if the matter should
ever come up again its character may be under-
stood . There are on the rolls the names of some
gentlemen now members of this House, of others
who are now ministers abroad, and others occu-
pying prominent positions ail oyer the country.
One gentleman, a member of this House—and as
I am asked who he is, I presume he has no ob-
jection to my stating it; I refer to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Littlejohn]—has author-
ized me to say that he had no part in making
this application. My judgmentand the judgment
of the committee is that this is very palpably a
job to get compensation for services that were of
no value whatever. A majority of these claim-
ants repudiate the matter entirely. I move that
Ihe paper be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLMENT LAW.
Mr. SCHENCIi, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill to further regulate
and'provide for the enrolling and calling out the
national forces.
The SPEAKER. The bill "will be read afirst
time for information.
The bill was read. *
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to the second reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question then is, "Shall
the bill be rejected?"
Mr. SCHKNCIC. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
submit a brief explanation, to which I desire to
call the attention of members of this House be-
fore they shall proceed to so decided a vote as
that which is now demanded either for or against
the rejection of this bill. I understand a propo-
sition'to reject the bill at this stage to mean this:
that if a bill be of such a character that it is not
proper to be entertained, that it is incapable of
amendment to put it into a shape so as to render
it acceptable, it then becomes necessary to reject
it before it comes to a second-reading.
What is it that is proposed here to-day? The
President of the United States, seeing as he must
the necessity for having men and not money only
with which to carry on this war against the rebels,
and finding the present existingenrollmentaetdoes
not produce men by a draft, because of the various
circumstances attending that enrollment, such as
commutation and substitution, and other things
which intervene to prevent the procuring1 of men,
has sent to the House a message and communi-
cated a report from the Secretary of War on this
subject, inclosing also a letter from the Provost
