1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2X67
others in suppressing rebellion or in defeating con-
spiracies to overthrow the Government.
It is under circumstances like these that I find
in this examination that this enemy has discov-
ered a new avenue by which he hopes to ap-
proach to the very citadel of the Government, and
aim a blow at the vital part of it. In the begin-
ning it commenced by convincing the then Chief
Magistrate of the Government that there was no
power existing to coerce a State into obedience to
law. Further on, as this rebellion progressed, he
discovered, or thought he discovered, other meth-
ods by which to overcome the power of the na-
tion in putting it down. He resorted to the writ
of habeas corpus, and attacked the constitutional-
ity of the law which exacted of the citizens, who
owed fealty to the Government, their services in
sustaining it. He has approached it in every
way; but the most subtle and the mostdangerous
of all his approaches, and that which in my judg-
ment requires the watchful and constant care and
eagle eye of those who have the administration
of the laws, and are bound in conformity to their
oaths to preserve the Government, is his attempt
to overthrow it at the ballot-box. The danger-
ous and'insidious character of this arises from
the peculiarity of our Constitution.
In this way treason itself can reach the vitals
of this Government, while it could not in any
other Government, because this is the only Gov-
ernment founded upon the ballot-box for its sup-
port. This is the only Government whose vital-
ity is fed from the ballot-box, and if he who hates
and attempts to destroy it can reach the ballot-
box, he strikes it where no other Government
can be struck, and he strikes it a blow which is
more fajal because more insidious, because, in
the name of the very law he seeks to destroy
through the instrumentality of the machinery of
the very Government he is plotting to overthrow,
does he seek to accomplish his purposes.
Theiefore, sir, it is, in my belief, incumbent
upon him whose duty it is to maintain the Gov-
ernment and the laws to guard that most faith-
fully, more faithfully here than at any other point,
if it is his duty to set a picket to guard the Army,
if it is his duty to set a sentry to guaid any post,
it is his duty to set a double sentry here when-
ever he has occasion to believe that the enemy of
the Government is about to take possession of the
polls, and through the polls to reach the Govern-
ment. It is his duty to be there with just so much
force, with just such energy, with just such so-
licitude as is sufficient to accomplish that great
end which shouldgovern him in the administration
of the Government at this time, to wit, to sustain
the Republic. And therefore, sir, it is that I have
no word of complaint or censure upon the Ad-
ministration for its action m placing soldiers at
the ballot-box on election day. I do not com-
plain that it has occupied election districts or
whole States if the result is the introduction upon
this floor of such distinguished Representatives
as my friend from Delaware, [Mr. Smithers,]
or my friend who now represents in ihis House
the seventh congressional district of Missouri,
[Mr. Loan.] I do not complain that such men
are here.
I am unfortunate in having forgotten, in the
view 1 have been compelled to take in this case,
what a distinguished member of tins House de-
clared to me m chidmgmefor my conclusion this
morning, that possibly 1 might depiive a gentle-
man of his scat in this House who would vote
with me. Sir, I forgot all this or I might possibly
have been led to a different conclusion. Permit me
to say to my friend from Delaware [Mr. Smith-
ers] that I can easily see how he may take the
view of this case that he does. He looks upon it
fromadifferentstand-point. Hehasunfortunately
lived in a different atmosphere from what i have;
and he has feit the necessity of the presence, to
some extent, of United States troops m his dis-
trict, and jf he has profited by it, of course we
must make allowance for the frailty of human
nature. I doubt not that under similar circum-
stances I should have given a different coloring
to the evidence m this case.
I uphold thp Government in what it has done.
I hold it to be its hounden duty to keep every
traitor from the ballot-box. Such is the frame-
work and system and theory of ourGovetnment
that in this crisis, without that care of the ballot-
box, the Government cannot be sustained.
This, sir, is the duty of the Executive, who is
furnished with means by both Houses of Con-
gress. Clothed with power to call upon the Army
and Navy of the nation, he was bound to take
care that it received no detriment. But there is a
duty incumbent upon this House, imposed upon
it by the Constitution, and without which this
House can no more stand as the representative
of the free people of this nation than republican
government can stand without an Executive who
will defend it from treason in whatever approach
it may make to it.
What is that duty of this House? It is its duty
to see to it that the election of its members is
free. Unless the men who hold their seats in this
House hold them by the choice of a free people,
I care not how they come here, whence they
come, or who they be, it is fatal to the existence
of this House as the Representatives of a free
people.
It is no justification that the men who are put
into seats here without the free choice of those
they assume to represent are with us and concur
with us in the measures we hold most dear, and
in the efforts we are making on this floor to pro-
tect and to save the nation. It makes no differ-
ence, if the nation can be saved without it.
Sir, there is no sacrifice that lam not willing to
make to uphold this Government. But the ques-
tion for the House to determine is whether it is pos-
sible for the Executive to see to it by the pres-
ence of armed men in every election district where
rebellion and treason have existed that no trai-
tor approaches the polls, and at the same tunc for
this House to assert the freedom of elections. It
seems, at firstsight,to be an impossibility. There
seems to be an unfortunate incongruity and con-
flict of duties tn this Government, growing out of
the anomalous condition of things m this rebellion.
I think, Mr. Speaker, speaking only for my-
self and not for other members of the committee,
that 1 can see cleaily the path of duty here in this
House, whereby this result will be obtained;
that the President in the discharge of his duty
shall take care that treason keeps away from the
ballot-box, and that we in the discharge of our
duty shall take care that the election of our mem-
bers shall be free, as the Constitution enjoins that
it shall be. And how, sir? Send your troops
into these districts. It is a most delicate tru^t
and duty to be dischatged by the Executive. He
alone is to judge of the necessity of it in these
times. I will not hold him to a rigid rule, or
pass an unkind or unrandtd judgment on hisacts
or on the acts of those who act under him in the
administering of the law. I know it is a duty
which is more than all others liable toabuse. It
so connects itself with the passions of men, it so
joins itself with the conflicting interests of par-
tisans, that he would be a wonderful man in the
execution of those orders who could walk per-
fectly upright and on a stiaight line, leaning
neither to the one side nor to the other. So I am
prepared to find abuses. I am prepared to look
upon them as necessities, almost, growing outof
the delicate nature of the trust imposed upon the
President.
But, sir, when the presence of the military in
a district, made necessary by the strength of the
rebellion and the purpose of the rebellion to ap-
proach the polls and through them reach the life
of the Government itself, has gone to the extent
| not only of keeping treason away from the polls,
but also of giving direction to the election, of dic-
tating, of directing, of controlling, more or less,
the results of an election; where anybody has been
so mdiscieet as to permit the very men, with
straps on their shoulders, chaiged with the com-
mission of regulating the polls, to be themselves
the candidates for the offices, I submit that the
House owes it to itself to accept that condition of
things and to say that under such circumstances
there can be no election. That is the ground I
occupy heie to-day m relation to this case. Up-
holding the Government in all that it did, uphold-
ing the officials in all their intention at the outset as
to the presence of the rebels in that district, it is
perfectly cWr to my mind that there came on the
loyal men of that district, and on men in it who
were authorized by the very laws of Missouri to
vote, whether .sympathizing with this rebellion or
not; there came upon them such a terror, that to
call this and baptize it an election is blasphemy in
the presence of the Republic.
Sir, if this testimony left my mind in doubt I
should have felt it incumbent upon me to take
precisely the same position that I have taken; for
i should have leaned toward the freedom of elec-
tion. If I had any doubt upon the testimony as
to whether or not there was freedom in this elec-
tion I should certainly have taken the same posi-
tion. And, sir, I would have been quite as will-
ing to do it, lest it might appear to the world that
I undertook to secure strength to myself by put-
ting in a seat here a man who would vote for me;
rather than follow the injunction of the gentle-
man who undertook to school me in this House
to vote for retaining certain men here because we
want their votes, that argument was quite a rea-
son for me why I would not do so. For, sir, I
would count it a good time, I would embrace it
as an opportunity afforded us to testify to the
world and to the enemies of this Administration
—I would bear a testimony which would be un-
equivocal and have no uncertain sound—that the
purpose of the Administration in all this interfer-
ence with elections was, not to secure men upon
this floor to vote as we wanted them, but that it
was solely and simply to keep treason from reach-
ing the Government through the ballot-box. I
wanted to show that whenever the Administration
was obliged to do that to such an extent as that
the men entitled to vote could not go up freely
and undisturbedly and exercise the elective fran-
chise, it was not to carry an election, but to se-
cure freedom of election. I would testify to the
gentlemen on the other side that the Administra-
tion does not care to carry an election by any
such means as those. I would bear testimony here
and make it a precedent for all time, so tkat the
gentlemen on the other side could not charge that
the purpose of the Government in interfering with
elections th tough the military was to secure power,
while it only was to put down treason. That is
my position.
I luive only to say that I submit to my friends
upon this side of the House that they throw away,
by the determination which 1 see they have en-
tered into, an opportunity they will never have
again for spiking that gun aimed at them during
the last year and a half, by bearing testimony in
acts incontrovertible that the sole purpose of this
Administration in putting a military power into
Delawaie, into the seventh congressional district
of Missouri, into Maryland, and wherever else
they have felt it their duty to puta military power
at the ballot-box, was not to secure the election
of particular men, but that it wasfor the purpose
of keeping treason away from the life and vitals
of the Republic.
And, sir, whenever that occasion shall come,
as it has come in the district now under consid-
eration, I hold it to be our bounden duty to bear
testimony to the purity of purpose on the part of
the Administration bysaying to these gentlemen
that neither of them have come into this House
clothed with the free voice of the people of that
district.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to permit me to say that it seems to
me a false issue has been tendered to the House
in regard to the political standing of the sitting
member and contestant, but inasmuch as it has
been brought into this discussion, and not by me,
1 desire to ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether the evidence before the committee does
hot disclose the fact that Major Bruce, the con-
testant, has on every occasion manifested v.ery
great zeal and earnestness in every effort to pu.t
down this rebellion, and in supporting the \yw
policy in Missouri; as much active zeal fox tha,t
purpose as he was capable of doing?
Mr. DAWES. To those who have waged this
war of political opinions I leave to answer tht?
question of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. VOORHEES. I would certainly nothavs
introduced this question into the House but for
the fact that I understood the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to allude to the issue having beeum-ade
by another colleague ojj the Committee o-f Elec-
tions.
Mr. SiVISTfUJUS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana to which of his colleagues on
the committee he lefers in that connection? - *
Mr. YOORHEES, I refer to that colleague of
whom the gentleman from Massachusetts spoke^
when he alluded to the argument that a vote was
desired upon the other side of the House, and that
