1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
question. Iam willing to have all the facts brought 1
out. I am willing that every member upon this !
floor shall discuss it, and that all the testimony in
the case shall be heard; and I^beiieve that jvlr.
Seaton is willing that everything" shall be known
and understood, so that his claim shall be fully
and fairly vindicated.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to occupy the floor
for a very few moments in response to the ques-
tion asked by the gentleman from New York with
reference to this evidence.
I do not propose to discuss the history'of this
book job,as it was styled at the time, for that has
been detailed by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. A. W. Clark] from its origin in the Com-
mittee on Printing down to the time when it was
finally rescinded.
I believe this claim is now based on what is said
to have been a contract with this House by rea-
son of the delivery of these books by Gales &
Seaton after the first resolution was passed.
Mr. A. W.CLARK. I ask the gentleman from
Minnesota to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WINDOM. I will for one moment.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I understand that I have
transgressed one of the parliamentary usages of
the House in yielding to the gentleman from Min-
nesota, and, if that is so, 1 should be glad if he
would yield the floor to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly, I will yield the
floor if it has been improperly accorded to me.
Mr. SVIITH. Oh no; 1 do not ask that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
when a gentleman yields the floor to another with
the understanding that he shall move the previous
question, the gentleman to whom the floor is
yielded has control of the previous question; and
the gentleman from Nesv York having demanded
the previous quest ion,he had aright to withdraw it.
Mr, WINDOM. I said that this claim of Gales
& Seaton is based upon an alleged delivery of
these books to the House after the passage of the
first resolution. The remarks that I desire to
make shall be addressed to that point, and to some
of the circumstances bearing upon the good faith
of that delivery.
I happened to be somewhat conversant with
that transaction at the time, and afterwards to be
a member of ail investigating committee raised
for the purpose of examining as to the good faith
ot that transaction. Immediately after the pas-
sage of the first resolution authorizing the late
Clerk to purchase one hundred sets of this book,
as is shown by the testimony taken yesterday be-
fore the select committee, these paities made ap-
plication to the Clerk oft lie House to accept said
books. They were in hot haste to get an accept-
ance from him which would hind the House,
They knew, as I heheve flie circumstances show,
that an elFoit would bo made to rescind the reso-
lution, and hence they thought if they could se-
cure an acceptance of the books by the Clerk of
the House they would have a sort of implied con-
tiact upon which they could come in afterwards
with a ifsolution of this kind and secure pay for
them. The Oh rk of tiie Ilou^e of ReptcseiiUi-
thes told Uu-ni,ds he says, that there was no
money to pay for those book". Ho says he had
two leasmis for not accepting them. One was
that the contingent fund was exhausted; and the
other was that lie believed, from the character of
the opposition to the original resolution, that it
would be rescinded, or an effort made to do so,
and lie did not want to settle that question.
It vvuf known, I believe, all through the House,
it was known by all the lobbyists who thronged
the passages about this Hall, that an effort would be
made to iescind the lesohmon. Hence their haste
to secure from the late Cieik an acceptance of
these books. The Clerk never officially accepted
or received them. He told the parties he would
not thus accept them; and he referred them to M r.
Lanman, librarian of the House, who, he said,
could piobably find a room in the Capitol where
the books could be stored for safe-keeping, Messrs.
Gales & Seaton claiming that the books were then
in an old wooden building where they were lia-
ble to destruction by fire. The hhrauan of the
Hou«!e of Representatives gave them a room in
this building for their own henetit and security,
and deliveied to them the key. The testimony
bi fore the sei< ct committee yesterday shows that
Gales & Seaton have kept the key ever since, and
have had entire control of the room. And now,
sir, because they have been thus furnished, with-
out charge, withasafe and convenient store-room
for their books they come in here and claim that
we are in honor bound to pay for them. There
is, in my opinion, no contract express or implied,
and no obligation of law or conscience on which
such a claim can be based. It is simply an effort,
too often made, to play a sharp game on the House,
and then get paid for it.
It seems to me that there was an undue desire
manifested by some party—I will not say by
Messrs.. Gales &Seaton, for I charge nothingupon
them, but by their friends and creditors—to force
this claim through the House. The testimony
taken before the investigating committee to which
I have referred may thiow some light on this
point. Immediately after the passage of the re-
scinding resolution the correspondent of the New
York Tribune made a charge, in the following
words:
" No member of tlie flou^e had the hardihood to move a
reeonsideiation of the vote by which the resolution was. re-
jected. We have reason to believe, howevei, that a care-
ful search (or a pliable man was instituted, and that some
pei<-ot)s were approached ostensibly on behalf ot the friends
of the resolution with otter.-, ot a pecuniary nature. It is
too late now to enter a motion for reconsideration."
Thereupon a member from Vermont (Mr.
Walton) moved a committee of investigation to
inquire into the facts, and to ascertain whether
any efforts of a pecuniary nature were made to
secure a reconsideration of the vote. The com-
mittee was appointed, and I read their unanimous
report:
'•The select committee, to whom the resolution of the
House, offeied by Hon. E. P. Walton, was referred, di-
recting an investigation of the charge made by the corre-
spondent of the New Voik Tnbune, 'that he had icason
to 1)1 lieve that a ph.iblMnun hud been searched for to move
a reconsideration ot a resolution,' and k that some persons
were apptoaehed, ostensibly on behalf ot the t needs of the
resolution, with ollei-N of a pe< um.uy iintuie,' ben leave
unanimously to submit the evidence in the ease, with the
following resolution, and a-k to he discharged from a fur-
ther consulejaiion ot Hie subieef:
u liesolveth Tii at, niter a lull investigation of the cn^p, we
are unable to discovei that any approaches of a pecuniary
nature weie made to any members of this House, eithet
b\ those inteiesied m the ptoposed men-me or others ; but
they do find evidence that indnect but unsuccessful dibits
weie made, thiou«h third paities, to obtain the influence
ot oiheets of the House, sutheient to found the charge
made bv the Tnbnne coirespondcnt, and therefore cannot
discover that he has been umlty of any bieaeh of pnvilege
awarded to him as a lepoiter in the House/'
I will also lead u few extracts from the evidence
taken before that committee:
Testimony oj ilfr. Closte,
"Qua/ion. Did you ever oiler Captain Darling anything
to t sonic cmc to move a i e consul era I ion ?
\ had u talk with Captain Daihirg; I thiukhc
spoke to me lust. Something was said about an dibit be-
ne,'made to r a ifconsuiej ation ot the vote. Tins was
on the nc.\t day alter tin; resolution way defeated, and when
the Mouse was in session. I don't lemetnbei all that wan
said. I think I did not offer him any consideration direct-
ly. I meiely spoke ot what I undeistood the minor to be,
that they weie oifcung money to get a reconsideration of
the vote. I had no money to oiler myself, and was not
authonzed to oflei any. J was not inteiet-led m it. I
hcatd il said byscvei.il that the parlies, would piobabiy
pnv money to m t a leoon-uleiation of the vote.
"Question. Can you tci! me the namcnt any one person
who s.ud they would juv nionev toi such puipose?
I'Jinswei. I ilunk J heaid a Mr. Cowan,ot Georgetown,
ni'-ntton it, and a .Mr. (Jihb-;. Hearing the e parties wanted
to get a leeoiwdei.iuon, I went for the ptuposc of ascer-
taining how the thing stood. I w< sit to &ce two members
ol the House and asked them to move a reconsideration,
and they both refused.
"Question, (by lUr. IUce.) Had any person asked you
to make an eiloit t'> proeuie a reeon&jdeiatum; and if
who ?
wecj, I think Mr. John Coj le asked me if I could get
ambndv to move a reeon-atleiaU"n. There were other-*
spoke to me ai'out it, but t did not pay any attention to it,
foi [ supposed M). CoUe lepiesented the interest of Gales
& Seaton, whatever they had. He has been in that office
a , hook In,cper, oi in .-eme other capaoirj, tor several years.
That is my nndei standing of hiv iciation to the otfice.
"Question, (by Mr. lire k.) Was anything said to Mr.
Coyle hi reinrion to compensation to jouiself or any one
else for pmeuung said leetmsideratiou?
"Jl)L^v:cr. Mr. Coyle gave me to uudeistand that the par-
ties could aftord to pay something rather than lose the res-
olution ; T dui not < are to make any terms with the parries
until { could aseeit.un u hat could be done ; I soon ascer-
tained that in m\ judgment it was past resurrection; I asked
him how much minis they had on hand that they could af-
ford to pay to get the resolution tinough ; I think he satd
they could better pay ten or rifteen hundred dollars rather
than lose the lesoluuon ; \ under-stood ttuu lie intended it
tor anvbodv who t nutd get tic resolution )< consult red ; I
saw him ^Co\ ie) two oi three times during that day about
the parages in the Capitol, and I reported to him that! could
do nothing.
"• Qnc^twn. Wholly \otir business?
kVi?tsuer> I am a lawyer; this is not my residcncc,
though I have been here several years prosecuting claims
before the Departments.
"Question. Are you one of the fiiends of the Intelligen-
cer?
"Answer. I am.
" Question. (by Mr. Grider.) Did you wish to be under-
stood as saying that Mr. Coyle offered you a bribe to pro-
cure a reconsideration of the vote alluded to in the House
of Representatives, and if he did, by whose authority was
the offer made ?
"Answer. I did not understand he offered me any bribe
at all 5 I do not think Mr. Coyle is capable of offering a
bribe to any one who is not the subject of a bribe."
Mr. SMITH. May I request the gentleman
from Minnesota to read the testimony of Mr.
Coyle on that same subject?
Mr. WINDOM. * I will have it read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Minnesota will give way for a mo-
ment, I will suggest that all of this testimony, as
well as the testimony taken before the recentcom-
mittee, shall be printed, and the whole subject re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, where it can be fully discussed.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not yield for the pur-
pose of the motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will yield for that motion before he
concludes.
Mr. WINDOM. I will, unless the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] shall insist on the
agreement with him.
Mr, SMITH. I wish to say that the commit-
tee had this testimony before them, and that they
concluded it had nothing to do with the resolu-
tions of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will permit me, I will remark that it seems
that the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Win-
dow] thinks it has a great deal to do with this
question. Let the whole of the testimony be
printed, so that every member may see it. The
gentleman from Kentucky ought to have the tes-
timony taken before his own committee printed
and laid upon our tables before he asks us to vote
for this resolution which he has brought in.
Mr. SMITH. The testimony has been read,
and the gentleman is lawyer enough to decide
now as well as at any other time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There has
been such confusion in the House that I could
not hear all of the testimony that has been read.
Mr. DAWES. Has the committee had before
them a letter which was written by the Clerk of
the last House touching this matter?
Mr. SMITH. We had no letter from the
Clerk; but we had a letter from Gales & Seaton
containing substantially the facts given by the
Clerk.
Mr. DAWES. I read aletter of the last Clerk,
of which I have some recollection, and I should
like to have it before the House,.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Ethendge was before the
committee and gave a full statement of all of the
facts.
Mr. DAWES. There was an interesting let-
ter from the last Clerk, and I would ask the gen-
tleman if he knows what has become of it.
Mr. SM 1TH. 1 have not seen the letter.
Mr. WINDOM. I know that this testimony
was presented to the select committee, and I have
been astonished it made no more impression upon
them. 1 desire it to be submitted to the House,
that we may see if it will not make a better im-
pression here.
Mr. SPALDING. That testimony was pre-
sented to the select committee, and such portions
as were pertinent were considered by them. When
the gentleman gets through, I will in live minutes
state the case as it appeared by the testimony be-
fore? the committee. I will do it in as few words
as possible.
Mr. WINDOM. I will read further from this
evidence. Here is an extract from the testimony
of Wjlham S. King, Postmaster of the House of
Representatives:
" The morning after the vote was taken on the proposi-
tion* of the Intelligencer job, and lost, as X hepped into the
House I was ask^d by a gentleman if I wanted to make
some money. I told liim"l always wanted to do so when
X could honestly and decently. He asked me if f could find
a fuend among the members of the House wiio would move
a reconsiderruun of a certain vote. I told him it would de-
pend upon the charaeter of the vote, and a-ked him what
it was. lie -aid it wa- the vote which 1 have referred to,
thar the partie<desued therecon^ideiation, and that.5-1,500
could be had if I would tind a man tiiat would mov;e"it."
In addition to that, there is testimony in these
