§144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
Marshal General, Brigadier General Pry, all rec-
ommending a repeal of the commutation clause.
It is not necessary to ask to have those papers
read,-as they have been printed and very generally
read. They will be found in Executive Docu-
ment No. 97 of this session.
It appears from the facts there disclosed that
drafting is insufficient to procure men, and as we
have to have men they are only to be supplied
by making a law more stringent, and at the same
time with such provisions as not to make the law
distasteful to the people.
Mr. Speaker, I may add to what is communi-
cated by the President a single illustration in a
case that has come to the knowledge of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. In the fourth district
of Maryland it was necessary, under the law, to
draft one thousand four hundred and sixty-three
men. In one of the subdivisions of that district,
Frederick City, where their proportion was one
hundred and sixty-nine, they exerted themselves
and raised one hundred and sixty-nine volunteers
by offering inducements to bring in men, thus,
saving themselves from the draft. They con-k
sisted mostly of colored men, obtained from .the
city of Baltimore. Oftheremainingnumbersub-
ject to draft in that district but fifty-one men were
secured. The others were able to raise the $300
commutation. Two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars were received in the way of commutation
money, and only fifty-one soldiers were secured
for service in the Army; the others, as I have
said, having paid commutation money. This
is an example of present law, and under the
amendment which we adopted at this session,
and which was thought to add to its stringency,
and would remove the evils complained of.
Now, sir, while this bill, at first, glance, may
be considered a most stringent enactment, yet
when you come to consider it as a whole, taking
one part with another, as a new system to be
adopted, there will not be found that hardship
which might be supposed.
_ The first section, following the recommenda-
tion of the President, the Secretary of War, and
the Provost Marshal General, repeals the com-
mutation clause and provides that no money shall
be received in lieu ofmilitary service. But if you
repeal the commutation clause, and leave it open
to persons to get rid of the obligations of military
service by furnishing a substitute, those who are
able to pay any price for substitutes will run up
.the market of substitutes so that poor men will
be compelled to go themselves because they have
lost the protection of the §300 clause.
And here 1 remaik that none are more clam-
orous to retain it than the very gentlemen on the
other side of the House whosaw in it, w hen it
was enacted, nothing but oppression, wrong,and
injury to the poor man. The truth is that so far
as the $300 clause operates it operates to the pro-
tection of men of limited means, and therefore 1
say that if you repeal it and go no further you
leave them a right to complain that you run up
substitutes in the market so as to make it impos-
sible for them to obtain substitutes and compel
them to go.
Seeing the difficulty, the committee go one step
further, and in the second section propose to re-
peal the provisioriallowingsubstitutes to be taken.
In doing that they make this exception, that a
man may furnish a substitute, provided that sub-
stitute be of his own family—brother, father, or
son—following in this respect the system adopted
in a number of foreign countries where they have
become an fait in matters of filling up armies by
draft.
But there is a reason for this exception. Per-
haps gentlemen would prefer, if there are to be
no substitutes, there should be no exceptions at
all, and that the whole provision allowing sub-
stitutes should be repealed, if a man is thrown
upon the necessity of bringing in a substitute, if
the opportunity is opened to him of obtaining
Jhat substitute from any source whatever, there
is presented a case where a man of means will
have the advantage over others. The committee
therefore propose to limit it so that no man,
whether a man of means or not, whether rich or
poor, shall in any case get rid of furnishing a
substitute unless he be one ofhinown blood, ile
must answer ci'lipr by himself or by his Immly
1-0 this ubh^auuit to ttii'nui y ^tl'u've .vniUi le^L.'
upon every good, l^ul i_iii.lii -ji'ihe ui'imy.
But this would still leave, it may be supposed,
some hardship, and much hardship, and therefore
the committee proposes two other sections, pal-
liating, removing, or softening down what would
otherwise be considered the stringent character
of that clause. By the third section it ^provided
that the draft need not be for the whole three
years, but that the President, in his discretion,
may make a draft for a less time, provided it shall
not be for less than one year. It is claimed by
the War Department that they have now under
the existing law the right to draft for less time
than three years or during the war. But the com-
mittee have thought it proper to remove all doubt
upon the subject and to define the power of the
President, if he has not already that discretion,
by conferring that power upon him, provided he
does not go below one year.
Having madf that provision, they advance to
the fourth section, which seems to me to finish
out the system of which the first, second, and
third sections were only a part, and to make it
no grievous hardship upon any loyal citizen to
comply with the obligations and duties under this
bill. A man is not permitted to commute for $300,
and cannot send a substitute except one of his
own family. But a draft muy be brought down
to one year. The committee then go on to pro-
vide by section four that whenever the President
calls for a diaft he may, at the same time that he
gives notice of a day when the draft is to take
place, notify the people of the country that vol-
unteers will be accepted up to that day in lieu of
drafted men, and that those volunteers, according
to the character of the call, may be for orieortwo
or three years, and that every township and every
election district, every county where not subdi-
vided, shall be permitted to make up its quota by
volunteers.
Now, let me ask gentlemen what would be the
effect of that provision? Its effect would be to
make the whole people of the township or county
a sort of mutual aid society, to make every man
who has any means interested in having a suffi-
cient number of volunteers obtained in order to
fill up the quota of his county or township. Every
man, no matter how wealthy or how poor, will
be equally interested in having the quota filled up,
and as a matter of course it is to the advantage
of those who have the least means, because the
man of the greatest wealth must see that the full
quota is made up, or if not he is as liable to be
drafted as any other person, and must go himself
or send one of his own family. Thus it is' that
all objection that might be made by men of lim-
ited means, because of the cuttmgoff of the com-
mutation, is taken away, and eve'ry m'An in a !
county or township, or in a ward in a city, as the
case may be, is incorporated into a mutual aid
soeieur to take car£ that nobody is drafted.
Then again therais this additional inducement
held out, that whatever volunteers are obtained
to fill up the quota of a district are credited to the
district, and they receive a bounty for v.dunte'T-
itig for one year of $100, for two years of §300, :
and for three years of $300. Thus the Govern- ,
nient holds out an inducement, to help these men
in the mutual aid society. They can offer what-
ever other inducements they please, and the peo- '
pie of the country have been very liberal in this !
regaul all over the land, and doubtless will be 1
again. They have this bounty offered by the 1
Government as part, of a fund to go upon, and ■
they may, if it becomes necessary, add to it, but
they must secure volunteering to the full extent
of their quota, or the wealthiest man in the com-
munity may be required to go and cannot get oif. ;
But it maybe asked, what is the necessity for a ;
draft? Simply this: the draft organizes a system j
and serves as a stimulus on the one side, while
the bounty held out furnishes an inducement on j
the other; and thus whipped forward one way and 1
drawn forward in another, my word for it the i
people will generally get their township or dis- I
tnct or ward out of the scrape by furnishing
sufficient number of volunteers. If they do not, '
it is admitted that somebody must go, and the
provisions of this bill are such that tliat somebody j'
is just as likely to be tha man who considers him- |j
seif to be at the top of the iruuketas the man in ij
the most humble circumstances. d
The two other sections ol this bill are designed !
to u iiti dy d< It cis i  liic Wwi h nig in ilic pirsfiH 1
(■a. Under thu uUi eiuuilui^nt aci, v. hen a Ulaii -1
was made, they drew fifty per cent, more names
from the box than the number required to fill the
quota, in order to ma]je up for deficiencies from
exemptions. Under a construction given to the
presentlaw by the Provost Marshal General they
now only draw the exact number they want,
arid thus have to keep on drawing to fill the
places of all who may be exempted, having no
margin to go upon. The War Department asks
that we shall go back to what the law was a year
ago, and the fifth section provides for that.
In regard to the sixth section, I will say that
great impositions are sometimes practiced, and
there is always a great deal of trouble in comput-
ing the traveling expenses of each drafted man to
the place of rendezvous. It may be ten dollars^or
only fifty cents, or twenty-five cents, and an im-
mense amount of auditing and examination is ne-
cessary for these extremely small accounts all over
the country. Instead of that, it is proposed that
the Government itself shall furnish and pay for
the transportation, which can generally be "done
by railroad, and not trouble these people to pay
their own expenses, and then have their accounts
audited and settled afterwards. That is a defect
in the presentlaw which is sought to be amended.
The main features of this bill will be found,
however, in the first four sections which I have
attempted to explain to the House, and which I
hope are distinctly understood.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the gentleman from
Ohio intend the call the previous question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall have no objection
to the suggestion of any reasonable amendments,
and I would not think of calling the previous
question or of hurrying this matter at all butfor
the fact that we are in the last days of the session,
and the passage of some bill of this character in
of vital importance.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It is not
my design to follow the argument of the gentle-
man from Ohio in reference to the necessity or
propriety of the passage of this bill. I shallcon-
fine myself to two material points involved.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not yielded the floor.
I thought the gentleman from Pennsylvania want-
ed to make some inquiry.
Mr. RANDALL,of Pennsylvania. I thought
the gentleman was through.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing to yield for
any suggestion or reasonable amendment.
Mr. COFFROTH. If the gentleman from Ohio
will permit me, I would like to ask him a question
as to the fourth section of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
know whether 1 am in order.
The SPEAKER jrro tempore, (Mr. Stf.vews in
the chair.) The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] has the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I inquire of the Chair when
1 yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER pi a tempore. Some minutes
ago.
Mr. SC [IENCK. I have not been off my feet,
and was about culling the previous question on
concluding. Bat I said I would jaeld many mem-
bur who di-sireil to ask a question or to m<tke a
SUggeStiull.
. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Before that the
gentleman had stopped, and the Chair did not
know whether he intended to begin again.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 did not yield the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
stopped.
Mr. SCHENCK. I lminded a period, perhaps.
[Laughter.] But I never stopped, and never ill-
tended to. [Laughter.]
I he SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
says he did not intend to yield, he still retains
the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to know whether the gentleman intends to call the
previous question on this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
■Mr. RANDALL, of Pe nnpylvania. I think
that, under the decision of the Speaker, I have
the floor.
The SPEA KER pro tempore. Tho Chair sup-
posed that the gentleman from Ohio hod concluded
ins uMnarks and yielded the floor; but he wtya
that he h<id only stopped, intending to icnew
U'IiiaiKn; .iiid iJ e Chair L kvs hus vvoid for il.
Ah. iiULMAN. i kuppuoc iho ^uHleiuuti
