1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2169
that the judgment of the gentleman from Dela-
ware was affected because—and here he used a
slang phrase—he had a party to beat. Am 1 right
in saying that the gentleman from Massachusetts
used that expression?
Mr. DAWES. I used the expression gener-
ally. The gentleman from Delaware was in haste
to take it to himself.
Mr. SMITHERS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to imply by that re-
mark that in his judgment I have come to the
conclusion I have in this case because my seat
or any interest of mine might by possibility have
been affected by a contrary decision ?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman seems to think
that I have got greatly excited. I can only say
that Jie has got greatly cooled off since he was on
the floor, and probably the excitement he let off
has got into me.
As to the other matter I will say thatit is pretty
difficult for me to say how he understands my re-
marks. Ho asks me if he understands me so and
so. IIow can I answer such a question ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SMITHERS. I ask the gentleman did he
mean that?
Mr. DAWES. The relations between thegen-
tleman from Delaware and myself have always
been, and, so far as I am concerned, will continue
to be such that the gentleman from Delaware has
no right to take any remarks I have made in any
offensive sense.
Mr. SMITHERS. Very well; with that un-
derstanding I am perfectly satisfied.
Mr. DAWES. I said of myself, however, con-
scious of my own infirmities, that the testimony
would be colored in my judgment if 1 occupied
the stand-point ofthe gentleman from Delaware.
I only said it of myself, and I said it with a feel-
ing that I am infirm and a consciousness that 1
am not always able to weigh testimony without
some sort of influence from my feelings, locality,
and education. 1 illustrated my idea by compar-
ing the mode of voting in Massachusetts with
that in this case, which started up my amiable
colleague from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] and
my pleasant fi iend from Delaware. J did it with-
out meaning any offense. And then came my
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] whose elec-
tions for the last three or four years have been
conducted with such peace and quiet as to set an
example to the whole country, and where order
has always reigned supreme. [Laughter.] My
friend from Maryland,educated in such a school
and defending such elections, cannot be expected
to look upon this case in the same way that a
Massachusetts man does who goes to the election
under such troublesome and turbid circumstances.
Certainly not. [Laughter.] How could the gen-
tleman from Maryland and the gentleman from
the seventh congressional district of Missouri do
it? I tell you, Mr. Speaker, that we take our
lives in our hands in Massachusetts when we go
to the polls. [Laughter.] We are obliged to de-
fend ourselves. If there are no midnight cabals
iti Lhe gentleman's district in Baltimore, if there
aie no dens where they coop up voters, and from
which the Plug Uglies and others go forth, he
must not assume that there are none in Massachu-
setts and Vermont. He must certainly not as-
sume that weofVenriont and Massachusetts have
not been schooled by necessity into defending
ourselves at the ballot-box against such men. He
must be charitable, 1 submit, and my friend from
Delaware must, 1 submit, be charitable to us, if
we cannot come to the same conclusion upon the
testimony as they do.
Mr. SMITHEIIS. I submit, Mr. Speaker,
that I have not in any degree impeached the mo-
tives of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
that the first stone was thrown by him; and lie
has persistently kept throwing them until now.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I take them all back. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SMITHERS. That is perfectly satisfac-
tory. I know that the feelings and lelations which
exist between the gentleman and myself are of the
kindest and pleasantest character.
Mr. WHALEY. 1 desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Elections one question. It
appears that the sitting member [Mr. Loak] re-
ceived 2,028 majority; the question 1 desiie to ask
is, whether the gentleman from Massachusetts
thinks that the evidence before his committee is
sufficient to show that the military interference in
this election changed the result to the extent of
2,028 votes ?
Mi. DAWES. There was no doubt left upon
my mind that there might have been counted for
the sitting member just as many votes as he might
desire. That it was a little over 2,000 did not
astonish me half as much as that it was not over
4,000. [Laughter.]
Mr. WHALEY. It appears to me, Mr.
Speaker, that there has not been a single instance
where a man presented himself for a seat on this
floor from south of Mason and Dixon's line that
the gentleman fiom Massachusetts did not report
against him. The gentleman pursues the same
policy as that advocated by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Long.] If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts does not desire to admitanyman south
of Mason and Dixon's line as a member of this
House, he should unite his destinies with those
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long,] and
those of the gentlemen from Maryland, [Mr.
Harris.] [Laughter.] I would tell the gentle-
man that I do not design to become his competi-
tor on the McClellan ticket for Vice President.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker,if the gentleman
from West Virginia should not succeed in getting
more votes than those which he represented here
in the last Congress he is the last man 1 should
want to have on any ticket with me. [Laughter.]
I also desire to say that the gentleman from West
Virginia, when ho says that I have gone against
every man from south of Mason and Dixon's
line, is entirely mistaken.
Mr. WHALEY. 1 should like the gentleman
to show us the instance.
Mr. DAWES. 1 voted here against my party
friends in this House for Representatives from
south of Mason and Dixon's line until my friends
were compelled, all of them but some twenty-
eight, to come up and put in two men from Louisi-
ana. I contended here until two members from
Tennessee were installed in their places. Why?
Not because they came without votes and slid in,
but because they were the free choice of the voters
of the district. Not exactly according to law,
but because, which is worth more than all the
forms of law, they had the voice of the voters in
their favor, in one instance 8,000 strong, and in
the other instance all of the voters who desired to
go to the polls. Tliatis my position. But as to
others, who came here claiming seats as Repre-
sentatives from south of Mason and Dixon's line,
they could show no such title to a seat.
Mr. WHALEY. 1 wish to say, Mr. Speaker,
that in the nineteen counties which I have the
honor to represent, we had several thousand men
in the Army—brave mountaineers, fighting the
battles of the country—and notwithstanding that,
1 received a large vote.
Mr. DAWES. How many votes did you get
for last Cungiess?
Mr. WHALEY. I acknowledge it was small,
but according to the constitution of Virginia and
of the United States. The gentleman will con-
sider that the Richmond convention passed an
ordinance prohibiting the election of members to
the United States Congress, and almost the entire
district was overrun by armed rebels, and not a
single Federal soldier at that time had set foot on
Virginia soil. The loyal people did the bestthey
could under the circumstances.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from West Vir-
ginia never brought the figures before the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. WHALEY. My seat was not contested,
but Mr. Burnett, of Kentucky, offeied a resolu-
tion declaring that William G. Brown, John S.
Carlilk, and myself were not entitled to seats,
and it received three votes. All three of them, at
the expiration of the July session, went to the
suppoi t of Jell', Davis, lfthegentlemaii will allow
the brave lioops whom I have helped to organ-
ize to come back and take part in the elections,
we will use no muskets and no bayonets, and 1
believe that in proportion to the population I will
get as many votes as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. WILSON. Will the gentleman from West
Virginia yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WHALEY. Yes, sir.
Mi. WILSON. I simply wish to remind the
gentleman from Massachusetts who has men-
tioned the Louisiana ease, that at the time that
election was held and those two gentlemen were
sent here as Representatives from that State, there
were no military forces in Louisiana, no bayonets
at the elections, and no Massachusetts generals.to
control the elections.
Mr. WHALEY. Icannotyield. I wanttosay
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that I car-
ried my gun and knapsack after I had served one
term in Congress. I have organized as many regi-
ments probablyas any member of this House, and
I should like to know where the gentleman from
Massachusetts can show that record. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Let me say to the gentleman
that 
Mr. WHALEY. No; wait until I get through.
You have a reputation for talent, but none for
gunpowder. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 will say 
Mr. WHALEY. No,sir,nottilllgetthrough.
[Laughter.] The gentleman from Massachu-
setts has had, I believe, the attention of the House
more than any other man in this body, except
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. He can attract as much attention in the
House as any other man. He has only to ask
for the attention of the House, and attention is
always given him. And now I hope he will give
me his attention. I am only a backwoodsman,
[laughter,] only an ordinary man, with no pre-
tension to talents, nor anythingof the kind, only
a soldier; but I say to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that his speech will fall upon the Union
men of every border State like a shower-bath; and
I hope it will fall upon his constituents in the
same way. [Laughter.]
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House
have said to us ill private circles, "You do not
vote with us." Well, sir, we came here in good
faith, and have done what we could to restore the
Government. But, on the otherhand,gentlemen
on this side of the House say to us, "You vote
with the abolitionists." Let me tell them that
we are honest, that we are trying to restore this
Government. But when you undertake to carry
out the policy of ignoring the southern States al-
together, I say to you that such a policy will not
be sustained by the loyal people of any State.
Why, sir, in my district there were, as 1 under-
stand, two or three small precincts where the peo-
ple did not dare vote for me because they were
afraid I was a copperhead. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, in reference to the people of Massa-
chusetts I have nothing to say, but when they
send a Representative here and he becomes the
chairman ofan important committee in this House
and as such proposes to ignore and disfranchise
the loyal people of the border States of the South
as well as the two hundred thousand of their brave
heroes now fighting in the field, I think it is time
for them to take the matter into serious consid-
eration.
FORT PILLOW MASSACBB REPORT.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Printing, reported the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That forty thousand extra copies of the report
ofthe loint committee on tlieconduct of the war, &c., with
the accompanying testimony in relation to the late massa-
cre at I'ort I'lilow, be printed for the use of the members
of the House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move to reconsider the
vole by which the House decided that when it
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
recurred on the motion to adjourn over.
Mr. VOORHEES. I made the motion because
I understand there is a desire to discuss this con-
tested-election case to-morrow, and I hope that
there will be a general understanding that no vote
shall be taken on the report to-morrow.
The proposition was assented to.
