1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
papers that Captain Darling, chief of Capitol po-
lice, was also approached by these gentlemen in
the lobbies around this Hall. He .was informed
that he might have #1,500 if he could procure a
reconsideration of the vote. I do not say that
Gales & Seaton or anybody else directly offered
t° paj- $1,500 for a reconsideration; but we know
that these claim agents about the lobbies are not
dull but astute men, and the impression was gen-
eral among them that ten or fifteen hundred dollars
would be paid to any one who could get a recon-
sideration moved. Mr.Coyleswears,"Iamaware
that he did not offer that amount of money, or any
other amount, but that he did say or might have
said, that he would rather lose ten or fifteen hun-
dred dollars out of his own pocket than that this
vote should not be reconsidered." At all events,
these simple-minded lobby men received the lai-
pression that they were to get ten or fifteen hun-
dred dollars, and at once went to work to procure
a reconsideration. I submit to the House whether
there was not some good reason for their belief.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Read the testimony of
Mr. Coyle.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Rice] will do that in a moment.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman from Min-
nesota believcs*that the testimony about money
having been offered is all false, not a particle of
ground for it, and that Mr. Coyle told the truth
when he stated that no money had been offered
for such a purpose, why does he read these facts?
t Mr. WINDOM. Did I state that I disbelieved
that testimony r
Mr. MALLORY. I think you did.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not think so; but if 4
did I did not mean to, for I do not believe that
that testimony is false. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Maine.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will read the testimony
of Mr. Coyle.
"John F. Coyle sworn.
" Question, (by the chairman.) What is your business?
a Answer. I am employed as book-keeper in the office of
the National Intelligencer in this city. Have been em-
ployed in that office about twenty-one years. -
" Question. Will you please state what you know In re-
lation to the matter of investigation contained in the papers
here shown to } ou touching the charge in the Mew York
Tribune against members of Congress or others concerning
the Intelligencer book job?
" Answer. In consequence of the pecuniaiv embarrass-
ments of the Intelligencer office, I had made advances
to keep the paper in operation, and was incidentally in-
to ested to have the resolution pass; and between the
time of the passage of the lesolution and the time of its be-
ing rescinded, about three hundred dollars had been ex-
pended to piepare the books for delivery, and that sum and
other advances had been made by me or procured upon my
credit for the u^e of the office, upon the faith of the resolu-
tion. I used every legitimate effort m mypowertoprocme
the passage of the'resolution, and aNo effect the reconsid-
eiationofthe vote whereby the la^n evolution was? defeated.
AH J did to effect Ktid reconsideration wa*thi«: I had un-
derwood ftoui Mr. Rollins, of Missouii, thatMi. Ilanchett,
of Wisconsin, had expie.-^ed his willingness to vote iorthe
lesolution if his vote should be necc^aty to t-ocuie )U pas-
sage. I then asked my fiiond, Mr. Portoi, of Mt^soun, a
constituent of Mr. Rollins, to see him and ask him to get
Mr. Ilanchett to move the lecoriMderation; tins wa« all
after the defeat of the second resolution. I understood that
Mr. Ilanchett declined to submit the motion, and thereupon
I went to Mr. Mailory, ol Kentucky,Mr. Phelps, of Aiis-
soutj, and Ml. Segai, of VniMiia, and peih.ipi othei-,and
asked them to make an effort to get tome one to move the
reconsideration. 1 did not request thev gentlemen or any
other poison to use such influence and elioits 01 her than as
a tuendly act. 1 never offered, or intimated to any peisim
that money could be had oi would be paid to effect sueh
object. 1 have no recollection ol having said to any pei-
son that the parties or my-elf could aflord to pay money
rather than have the resolution hut. i mig'it in my disap-
pointment at its defeat have made the u-ual observation
that I would rather have lost money oi something of that
kind lasher than have it fail. All my effoits w« k dnected [
townid Mr. flane.hetf, as before stated, until I heard he de- !
clined to make the motion torecon.-ider, which was within ;
one hour ot the adjournment of the ilouaeoii the day alter
the failure ot the resolution. j
k£ Question, (by theelianman.) DoyoukuowaMr. Closse, j
and if f-o. did >ou ask him to use his eliort- to effect the re- j
eonsidciation of said vote, rind did you offer or suggest to
him that money could be. had oi would be p*nd fo effect if?
"Answer. I do know Mr. Ciosie. I did not seek his aid
for that purpose, ii Mr. Closse has stated that f made any
buch effort, or suggested to him the payment of money m
any manner, it was in the mannei as heloie stated, and not
with any puipose to make him any offer lor sei vices or
efforts of a corrupt or improper character. 1 might have
nsked Ins aid as I did othets, but only m a friendly man-
ner. If [ had any such conversation with Mr. Closse it
was immediately hcfoie the adjournment aforesaid, and
after I had heard lhat Mr. Hanchett had declined to make
the desj.r< d motion.
" Question, (bv Mr. Griuer.) Have you or not read or •
hecu told what Mr. Closse stated before the commutce upon I
his examination ? 1
"•Answer. I never read what Closse stated, nor do 1 know
what Closse stated. I never conversed with any of the
committee.
" Question. State whether or not your agency was or not
superinduced from the fact that you had advanced for the
Intelligencer.
" Ansiver. That was one inducement, and my regard for
the office was another. ,
" Question. State whether you did anything more than to
make a fair effort through your friends to have the resolu-
tion reconsidered.
" Answer. Positively, no.
"Question. State, when you said in the presence of Mr.
Closse and others that you rather than ten or fifteen hundred
dollars the resolution was reconsidered, whether you un-
derstood it as a bid, or whether any one ebe could right-
fully understand you as offering anything to procure a recon-
sideration.
" Answer. I can't.answer for other people. I certainly
did not so consider it, and the brief period from the time I
met Mr. Closse until the adjournment would forbid any
such supposition or inference, as at that time I considered
all hope of reconsideration over.
"Question, (by the chairman.) I think you have stated
in your examination that the whole amoiwit granted by the
resolution was appropriated or designed for other persons.
To whiit persons did you refer?
"Answer. I meant lo be understood that it was all de-
signed for creditors of the concern, f decline to give the
names of these creditors, as I do not think the committee
have the right to ask it, but will do so if the committee de-
cide otherwise. None of such creditors ar<f members of
Congress. I mean to say that it was all designed for cred-
itors except sufficient to carryon the business of the office.
"JOHN F. COYLE."
Mr. WINDOM. I will not weary the House
with any further testimony. We have brought
out the important points in regard to a pecuniary
consideration. Members have heard the state-
ments for and against it.
I do not charge that Gales & Seaton had any-
thing to do with this. I do not believe they had.
They are honorable men, and I will tell the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that I do not believe they
would have had much to do with the money to
be received for these books. It was to be paid
to a number of outsiders—these persons around
the lobby who tried to force it through—and it
was from those persons that this expectation of
pecuniary consideration arose.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 understood the gentleman
to say that all the testimony went to show that
these outsiders said that Coyle was the man who
had this ten or fifteen hundred dollars to use to
induce some person to get a reconsideration, and
I understood the gentleman to speak in high terms
of Coyle, and that he believed his testimony, in
which he stated that there was not a word of
truth in that charge.
Mr. WINDOM The gentleman misunder-
stood me; that is all. I said I believed the testi-
mony of the other witnesses. Now, a word in
refeience to who gets this money. What does
Coyle say upon a question by the chairman?
Here is the question and answer:
" Question. I think you have stated in your examination
that the whole amount gtanted by the lesolution was ap-
propriated or designed tor other persons. To what persons
did >ou rcfei ?
"Answer. I meant to be understood that it was all de-
signed lot ci editors of the conccrn. 1 decline to give the
names of thesp creditors, a* 1 do not think the committee
have the right to ask it, but will do <>o it the committee de-
cide otherwise. None of such eieditors arc members of
Congress. 1 mean to say that it was all designed for cred-;
itors except sufficient to canyon the business* of theofficc."
It was fiom this source this influence came—
from these outsiders, those persons who at the
last Confess wete seeking to force this resolu-
tion through m hot haste in older to fix thiscon-
tract upon the House; persons who, I believe,
are still ground these Halls.
Mr. FA UNS WORTH. i desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether the evidence in this case shows
that any piinting was done or any additional la-
bor pelormed by Gales & Seaton in the puichase
of materials, in consequence of the passage of
this resolution. Also, whether the Government
requires these books. Also, how much money
the passage of this resolution will takeout of the
Treasury.
Mr. WINDOM. In the first place, I do not
know that there is anything in the testimony
showing that any money was paid out for printing
after the passage of the resolution. I believe there
is a statement of Coyle, or some one else, that
$300 was expended in moving those books.
The other question of the gentleman from Illi-
nois is what will be the expense of carrying out
this resolution. I believe it was estimated at
$35,000. i think the records of the Congressional
Globe will show that it was stated in debate last
Congress that we had on hand some eighty-five
sets before these were taken. -
Mr. FARNS WORTH. The other question is*
does the Government require these books?
Mr/WINDOM.: Thatisfor the House tode-
termine. My own opinion is that the Govern-
ment has not the slightest need of them. -
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I suggest to my colleague
[Mr. Farnsworth] that allfaimess to Gales &
Seaton would require that he should address his
inquiries to the committee which has had this
matter under examination, if he desires informa-
tion upon the subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood 'the com-
mittee had already reported these facts, but I4id
not hear what the report was.
Mr. J.C.ALLEN. The committee have made
no report whatever except a verbal one.
Mr. SMITH resumed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN"!*, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield and allo\vme to move to refer this
matter to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union?
Mr. SMITH. I cannot yield for that purpose.
I yield to my colleague on the committee, [M*.
Spalding.]
Mr. SPALDING. I was a member of this
select committee, and I entered into the investi-
gation I think impartially. Sure I am no part
of this $1,500 was offered me; if it was I have not
received it.
I desire only to do justice between the claimant
upon the one side and the country on the other.
This question involves the purchase of a very
valuable book—nothing less than the history of
congressional legislation from the first day of the
First Congress, in 1789, until the year 1845. The
first part of it is called Congressional Annals and
the latter part Congressional Debates, and there
are seventy-one volumes in all. The price for a
single set is $355. It appears to the select com-
mittee that the House of Representatives last Con-
gress, by resolution, ordered the purchase of one
hundred sets of this valuable work, amounting
to something over thirty-five thousand dollars.
The resolution was adopted by a vote of €6 to
58. The day after the passage of the resolution
Gales &■ Seaton, or rather Seaton, who is the
survivor of Gales & Seaton, applied to the Clerk
of the House for a copy of that resolution as it
passed the day before. He received it at the
hands of the Clerk. Now, it should be known to
the House, because itappeared in evidence before
the select committee, that at this time this firm
"was very much embarrassed for want of money.
They had effected temporary loans from one or two
of the banking houses of this city, and they de-
sired to realize from these books thus supposed to
have been sold to Congress enough money to re-
lieve them from that temporary pressure. Hence
Mr. Seaton obtained a copy of the order from the
Clerk, and he then applied to the Clerk to acccpt
an order upon him for the amount of the purchase-
money which would be dud to him whenever he
had delivered the one hundred sets.
Before this application was made, however,the
Clerk, Mr. Etheridge—and I must do him the
justice-to say that he testified before the commit-
tee with the utmost appearance of fairness and
candor—when this application was made to him
by Mr. Seaton to accept an order for the books,
so that he (Mr. Seaton) might obtain money from
some one of the bankers of the city to relieve
him from the tremendous pressure then upon him,
said he could not do it, because there was no
money in the Treasury belonging to the House
contingent fund, and he must wait until an ap-
propiiation bill was passed putting this money
under his control. He says he did not tell Mr.
Seaton, what he then knew to be the fact, that
some individual members of the House had it in
mind to get a resolution of rescission passed; but
that he had been made aware of that fact perhaps
by the member who first addressed the House to-
day, [Mr. A. W. Clark,] and one or two others,
who told him that they were opposed to the res-
olution, and would, at some future season, ask
that it be rescinded. This, however, was not im-
parted by the Clerk to Mr. Seaton, nor to Mr.
Seaton *s agent.
When Mr. Seaton could not obtain an accept-
ance of an order for the money, he applied to the
Clerk to give him an order for the books so that
he could negotiate a sale of that order, or pledge
