1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
it and receive money upon it from some person J
who had money to loan. The Clerk would not
do that, and, as he says, his reason was that those
gentlemen of the House who were opposed to the
resolution would find fault with him if he'itf any
way committed the House upon the subject until
the money was in his hands to pay the amount
to be paid for the one hundred sets. At the same
time he said that if the contingent fund had then
been in such a state as that his order upon it would
have been met, he would, without the least hesi-
tation, have paid Mr. Seaton the full amount for
these books.
Mr. WINDOM. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Did the committee at that
time put the question to the Clerk, Mr. Etheridge,
whether, if he had had the money and had paid
it, it would have been any settlement of the ques-
tion which he says he was not willing to settle?
Mr. SPALDING. Yes; and he said that he did
not care about answering, because he was not
called upon to answer that, as it raised a law ques-
tion which he was not bound to settle. I think
that was about the answer he made. 1 wish to
give the whole of the testimony as it appeared be-
fore the committee.
Now, before the resolution of rescission was
offered in the House, which i wish the House now
to understand was not offered until the 9th day of
June, there was a period of ten days which inter-
vened from the adoption of the resolution for the
purchase of these books until the introduction of
thcresolution for rcscission,and there isnotapar- \
tide of evidence that Mr. Seaton or any agent in
his employ knew, during those eleven days, that
there would be any motion made in this House
to repeal or rescind that resolution. 1 giant you
that gentlemen have their suspicions, but 1 say to
you that no evidence of that fact of any sort has
been brought to the knowledge of this select com-
mittee upon which they could act.
Mr. UPSON, if the gentleman has the ori-
ginal resolution, will he have it read?
Mr. SPALDING. I have it not. I suppose
the chairman of the select committee has it.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to have it read.
Mr. SPALDING. I am giving a history of
this transaction. On the i)th day of June a reso-
lution was offered to rescind the resolution of the
^Dth day of May, and that resolution, 1 wish the
House to ma k, was adopted by a vote of yeas
OG to nays 48, showim: the absence from the
House of a great many of the members who had
taken part in the preuous vote. The hist vote,
on tiie 29th of May, was yeas (j(>, nays 5N. And
then on the lDth day of June, ten days after the
vote of rescission, a resolution was offered in the
House, similar to the one now before the House,
providing for payment to Gales & Seaton for the
number of volumes already deposited in the Cap-
itol before the resolution of rescission was adopted
by the House. On that day a vote was taken,
and it stood, yeas 70, nays 70, and it was only
defeated by the casting vote of the Speaker. This
allows the feeling 0f the House at that time. This
shows what would have been the condition of the
vote if it hpd been taken on the 0th of June with
a lull House, instead of being taken when it was.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I nf-k the gentleman
from Ohio whether the record does not show that
as many members voted to rescind the resolution
as o'rigmally voted for the resolution?
Mr. SPALDING. Yes; as many members
voted to lescind the resolution, precisely, as voted
in the fust instance to adoptit—sixty-six tn each
ease; whereas it was subsequently shown that
these parties had seventy friends in this House,
all of whom were not pieseut on the occasion of
that decision.
Mr. DEMING. I would like my friend from
Ohio to yield to me a moment.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not like to have so
many inten uptions. I only allude to these votes
for the purpose of showing the sense of the House
at that time on this very subject.
Now, win n we come to that port of the case
which is made up of a contract on the part of the
House and Mr. Seaton—the deposit of the books
in the Capitol—the testimony does not show that
Congress was committed by leasou of that de-
posit. 1 ha\e s j id already thai Mr. Etheridge,
the iate Clerk, testilied throughout with tIk- ut-
most, appear;! nee of candor and fairness. 1 come
now to the librarian, whose charac'ci has been
questioned heretofore in this House by some mem-
bers. The librarian was called as a witness. lie
testified also with the utmost candor and fairness.
He said that, under the instructions of the Clerk,
he received from Mr. Seaton the number of copies
of this work winch were deposited in the Capitol,
in one of his library rooms, but a shoit time, one,
two, or three days before the rescinding resolution
was offered. The librarian testified that when
these books were offered to him he applied to the
Clerk, and the Clerk refused him permission to
receive those books in any official character, but
told him that if he had a room to spare he might
place them in it as a safe depository for them.
After they were thus placed in a room in the
Capitol, the key of the room was intrusted to the
agent of Mr. Seaton, who locked the room, took
the key away with him, and has had possession
of it. from that day to this. So that, really, the
books have bepn m the Capitol, as the property
of Mr. Seaton, for safe-keeping, subject to any
disposition which Congress might make of them.
Now, although I was doubtful in my own mind
in regard to the piopriety of the adoption of this
resolution for the payment of this sum of money
—$30,000 odd—still, knowing the work to be one
of great value to the country, and supposing that
even if Congress did not need it for its own use,
the books might be distributed among the States,
where they would be valuable in public libraries,
I did unite in the recommendation that the House
adopt a resolution to pay for these books. I be-
lieve, and still believe, that however much the
Clerk may have known that the resolution of re-
scission would be afterwards agitated, Mr. Seaton
deposited the books here in the utmost good faith,
piimarily,to be sure, as a safe depository for the
property, but believing that whenever the appro-
priation bill would be passed,the property in the
books would pass from him to Congress, and there
be an end of the whole matter. I learn, however,
that either the last Congress or the Congress before
last made a disposition of this very work among the
congressional districts of the United States. I have
this information from my fiiend fiomjVlassachu-
setts, [Mr. Daivls,] who says he had two sets
apportioned to his eongie,>siondl district, and that
a similar apportionment, was made among the
other congressional districts of the United States.
In view of this distribution among the States, I
was about to say that I shall feel inclined to vote
against the adoption of the resolution, although
I think that will fall with some consuletable se-
verity upon Mr. Seaton. ! have now given to
the House all the information I have on this sub-
ject.
Mr. FARNSWORTIT. How much money
has the Government paid Gules & Seaton for
thoM) Annals already '
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman must ask
some other member than myself, as I have no
knowlvdge on the subject.
Mr. IJBAMAN. 1 ask the Clerk to read the
original resolution.
Mr. SMITH. I have the floor, and yield to!
my colleague on the committee, the gentleman
i from Illinois, [Mr. J. C. Allt'.n.J
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Hpeakei ,an interrog-
atoiy was propounded by one of my colleagues
to the gentleman from Minnesota to which I wish
to respond. His question was, did the fum of
I' Gales &. Seaton incur any expense in the do-
! livery of the books that were placed in the House
j| library after the passage of the original resolu-
tion and before it was rescinded ? The committee
| to which this subject was referred did inquire into
'i that fact, and the testimony showed that an ex-
|! pense of $300 had been incurred by the firm of
jl Gales & Seaton in placing those books in the
library, i t was not, as wos answered by the gen-
ii tleman from Minnesota, in removing the books,
j but, as the testimony shows, for the work done
,! upon the books at the bindery. They had to
!: undeigo the supervision of the binder; and the
ji reason why the one hundred sets were not de-
! livered at the time was that twenty-five sets had
not been bound at all, and the others requhvd
l! overhauling. So, then, my colleague will find in |
that fact the information lie seeks. The firm of j
'M Gales & Seaton did incur an expense of £300 in j
I! sending thc^e books to the binder and lenioving j
: them to the librai v under the order of the [louse, j
Mr. WAS1JBUI1NE, ofllhnois. All we want I
, is a fair understanding of this matter. I ask my 1
colleague whether he can state the provisions of
the original resolution? Docs he understand the
character of the resolution upon which this whole
matter was begun ?
Mr J. C.ALLEN. The resolution of 1862?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes; I be-
lieve that was the original resolution.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I cannot state the reso-
lution exactly; and I have no objection to the gen-
tleman reading it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 ask the
Cleik to read the resolution. That resolution
will show that it was a matter between the Clerk
and the House, and that Gales & Seaton had no
more light to send the books than any other.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
" Resolved, That tlie Cierk of the House of Rcpicsenta-
tives be directed to procure from the pubhshcts, tor tlie
use of the IIousc hbiaiy, at a cost not exceeding what has
been heretofore paid foi said woifc, one liundied copies or
sets i l the Annate of Congress, or ltugister of Debates; and
to pay for the same out of tin; contingent fund of the House:
Provided, That the copies or hets remaining shall not be
sold 01 Uibpohod ot until th<>y arc ottered to Congiohs."'
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now let me
say a word.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I do not yield any fur-
ther. I have yielded for the purpose of having
that resolution read, on the statement of my col-
league that it would show this was a matter be-
tween the Clerk and the House, and that Gales
& Seaton had nothing to do with it. What is the
Clerk directed to do? H« is directed to purchase
these books from Gales & Seaton. He could not
purchase them any where else. Yet my colleague
says they had no connection with this thing at
all. Well, sir, if the purchase was made they
had connection with it. The House by this res-
olution imposed that duty upon the Clerk, and
pointed out how payment was to be made. The
Clerk testified that he furnished Gales & Seaton
with a copy of the resolution of the House. lie
testified his acquiescence in the action of the
House, and that he would pay, as soon as he had
any contingent fund, the amount due for these
books. The testimony shows that he did not
express to Gales & Seaton any doubtof his being
bound by that resolution. The books were deliv-
ered, and eleven days afterwards, Gale.s & Seaton
not having been informed in the mean time of any
such intention, the resolution was rescinded.
1 must be permitted to say, Mr. Speakei, that
there seems to be an extraordinary desire on the
part of some gentlemen to defeat this resolution.
I will say for myself if this were an oiigmal prop-
osition to purchase these books,although 1 regaid
them as a valuable history of Congress up to the
time when the Congressional Globe commenced,
I doubt whether in the present condition of our
finances 1 would vote for it. But, sir, when I look
at this transaction of 1862, when I look at the res-
olution of the House authorizing the Clerk to
make this arrangement with Gales & "Seaton,
when I look at the fact that in pursuance of Miat
resolution a copy of it was delivered by the Clerk
to Mr. Seaton, when I consider that in pursuance
of and 111 good faith under that resolution those
gentlemen proceeded to have those books rebound
and fitted up at an expense of $300, and when i
iccollect the furthei fact thatupon the faith of that
lesolution they called upon their financial men
and procured upon it money to enable them to
carry our that undertaking with the Government,
and incurred additional liabilities to enable them
to keep their contract, it seems to me, in all can-
dor, that the House did injustice to these men
when, eleven days afterwards, and after the con-
tact had been partially completed, they tinned ,
round and repealed their resolution. It was not,
in my judgment, an act of good faith. It does
not become the Congress of the Aineiican people
thus to trifle with a question of this kind.
But the argument was made by my friend from
Minnesota [Mr. WixdomJ that this money was
not going to Gales & Seaton; that they were not
the parties to derive benefit from it, and therefore
we ought not to pass this lesolution. Let us see
for a moment what that position leads to.
Mr. WINDOM. I beg to inform the gentle-
man 1 did not say this money was not going to
Gales & Seaton as a reason why the resolution
should not pass, but for the purpose of showing
that some other persons were getting up this im-
pression that money was to be had for getting a
reconsideiaticsi of the vote.
