2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
■ Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope not. There will be
nobody here to hear the debate if it is understood
that there is to be no vote taken.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 was originally
in favor of the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House agreed to adjourn over, but
upon reflection X think it would not be proper to-
take to-morrow simply for discussion. I do not
know what theearlierpartof this discussion may
have turned on, butsince t have been in the Hall
the question has been mooted whether there are
any Representatives from the slave States in this
House. I wantto settle that question, and I hope
it will be done upon discussion when the House
is full.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask leave to make a brief
statement. A large number of gentlemen have
left; the question is a very importaiHone,and,iis
has been suggested, they ought to have a chance
to vote, having left on the faith of the order of
the House for adjournment over. They ought
to have an opportunity to hear this discussion.
I voted against the adjournment over.
Mr. GR1NNELL. I understand it is the
practice of gentlemen who live near the capital
to go home and leave the rest here until August.
Mr. KELLEY. It is not my custom, and I
voted against the adjournment this morning.
Mr. VOORHEES. I understand that it is the
wish of both the sitting member and the contest-
ant that the House should adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. Ifthe House adjourns over
this case will come up the first thing alter the read-
ing of the Journal.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand that debate has not
been closed in the case.
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. ALLEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 59,
noes 27.
So the motion to adjourn over was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SHANNON, (at
half past five o'clock, p.m.,) the House adjourned
till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 7,
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland:
Almighty and Everlasting God ! We beseech
Thee be favorable unto the prayer of Thy ser-
vants which wo make this day in Thy sight; for
we would evermore in this high place of the na-
tion acknowledge Thee. We believe with all be-
lievers throughout all ages on earth and in heaven
in God the Father Almighty, the Creator of the
world, and in Jesus Christ, Ili.s only Son, our
Saviour, and in His Ad vent and Mission; in His
Passion and Resurrection and Ascension into
H'eaven. We believe in the Holy Ghost, in the
Holy Catholic Church, in the Communion of
Saints, in the forgiveness of sins, in the resurrec-
tion of the body, and in the life everlastin". We
bel ievo in Thy righteous providence over men and
nations, and especially do wo believe in Thy earn
of our own nation from the beginning, even until
now, albeit wo arc lying under the hand of Thy
chastisement and aie sorely afflicted. Wheiefore
wo entreat Thee,0 Lord our God, to hear us in this
day of trouble. Spare Thy people, and give not
Thy heritage to leproaeh; ibr ro whom shall we
look but unto Thee, O Loid, who hast set so
great, a mystery in the earth, even that mystoiy
of suffering which, nevertheless, bears in it a
beauty more divine than all the rapt visions of
nature or of art. Wheiefore our young nation,
becoming voluptuous and verging upon those
featful perils of pride and luxury and fullness of
bread which have swallowed up and destroyed
so many States and cities, has been thrown into
'be burning furnace of her affliction that she may
come ioith again, not in the harlot's meretricious
gauds and ornaments, but in the saintly puuty
and white-robed innocence of a noble matron fu
to be the mother of children from whom shall
spring the future heroes, martyrs, and chieftains
of the world.
0 Lord, our God, we beseech Thee, there-
fore, in this hour of our greatest anxiety and sus-
pense, to give us patience and fortitude against
all our feais. Hold in Thy hand the President,
the Cabinet, the Congress, the State and munici-
pal authuiities, the Army, the Navy, and the
whole people, not to destroy, but to deliver and
to save. Lay upon all minds an inspiration from
above. Walk with this people as Thou didst
aforetime with Thy servants in the seven-fold
heated furnace, for in Thy presence and favor
the very tears of our nation shall be holier than
the dews of heaven, and radiant, far more radi-
ant, to reveal our great and coming destiny than
all the pearls that have ever glittered upon the
necks of queens.
And now, 0 Lord our God, if the prayers of
Thy servant in this high place shall be ended,
and with many affecting memories and standing
visions of these great times he shall pass away,
nevertheless, henceforth as heretofore, may the
blessing of Thine eternal covenant abide upon
the Senate of our country. Into Tfhy keeping do
we most earnestly commit all these Thy servants.
May they stand before Thee as the just lawgivers
and the wise counselors of a mighty people in this
greatest and most fearful passage of their history,
honored while they Jive with the gratitude of their
fellow-countrymen, and when they die, accepted
with abundant joy into the pfesence of Thy glo-
rious Throne. And unto the name of God the
Father, and God the Son, and God the Holy
Ghost, will we ascribe all the praise, now and for-
ever. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RESIGNATION OF CHAPLAIN.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received the following communication, which
he will lay before the Senate:
Washington, May, lb'61.
Sir: In anticipation of an absence from the country,
bearing grateful recollections of my intercoms with the
gentlemen of your honor able body, and fervently pray ins: to
AI nimbly God for thoir present and future welfare, through
our Lord Jesu^ Christ, I beg leave hereby respectfully to
tender my resignation of the office of Chaplain to the Uni-
ted States Senate for the Thirty Eighth Congress, to take
immediate effect.
With sincere regard, BYRON SUNDERLAND.
Hon. Danirl Ui.vkk,
Picsulcnt United State % Senate pro tempore.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATJONS.
The PRESIDENT;)?**) tempore laid before the
Senate a message fiom the President of the Uni-
ted States, in compliance with a lesolution of the
Senate of April 30, 1864, transmitting a copy of
the opinion of the Attorney General on the rights
of colored persons in the Army or volunteer ser-
vice of the United States, together with the ac-
companying papers; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting*a communication fiom the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs submittingan estimate
of appropriations required to fulfill treaty stipu-
lations with the Chippewas of Red lake, and
Pembina band of Chippewas, under treaty of 1st
October, 1863, as amended March 1, 1864, and
the supplementary treaty of April 12, 1864, and
recommending that the estimated appropriations
be made; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of J.
}j. Cornngton and one hundred and fifty-nine
others, men and women, citizens of Shipman,
Macoupin county, Illinois, praying for the aboli-
tion of slavei y, and for such an amendment of the
Constitution as will forever prohibit its existence
in any portion of the Union; which was referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the petttion
of Ida Hoffman, widow of Solomon Hoffman,
late deputy provost marshal in Indiana, alleged
to have been killed while in the discharge of hi^
duties, praying for a pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
ItEPORTS PIIOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a bill (II. R. No.
290) for the relief of Rhoda Wolcott, widow of
Henry Wolcott, reported if with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the Legislature of
Minnesota in favor of granting pensions to the
widows of volunteers who were killed in the late
Sioux Indian raid, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be pnnted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Catherine Jacobs,
praying for a pension, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
269) making additional grant of lands to the State
of Minnesota to aid in the construction of rail-
roads from Stillwater, by way of St. Paul and St.
Anthony, to a point between Big Stone lake and
the mouth of Sioux Wood river, with a branch
to St. Cloud and to the navigable waters of the
Red river of the North, as the Legislature may
determine; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Landg.
COMMODORE WILKES.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to Jay before the Seriate a copy of the record in the case of
Commodore Wilkes's recent trial before a naval general
court-martial.
HOUSE HILL REFERRED. •
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 117) to reimburse the State of Pennsylvania
forexpenses incallingout the militiaof said State
during the recent invasion, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I gave notice to the Sen-
ate some days sincc that it was very important
to act on two or three Indian bills as soon as pos-
sible, and I now desire to have those bills taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will pause until the Chairascertains whether there
are any more reports from committees, which are
first in order.
Mr. WILSON. It is necessary that we should
have an executive session for a few moments, and
it is of great importance that it should be at the
earliest possible moment. I therefore move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after sometime
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 9, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Sturbridge, Massachusetts, praying for the
enactment of suitable laws for the encouragement
of the immigration of foreigners into the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Agriculture.
He also presented seven petitions of men and
women of the United States, praying for the ab-
olition of slavery, and for such an amendment of
the Constitution as will forever prohibit its ex-
istence in any pot tion of the Union; which were
refeired to the select committee on slavery and
freedmen.
He also presented a memorial of the Cape Cod
Railroad Company, remonstrating against the
extension of the Goodyear patent for the manu-
facture of vulcanized India rubber; which was
refeired to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying for the enactment of
suitable laws for the encouragement of immigra-
tion into the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Agriculture.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Massachusetts remonstrating against the exten-
sion of Goodyear's patent for the manufacture of
vulcanized India rubber; which was referred to
'the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented the petition of J. N. Car-
penter, a paymaster in the United States Navy,
praying tor compensation for losses alleged to
have been sustained by him in consequence of
his absence fiom home on duty on board the
United States ship Saratoga; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
