1864.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLO
loss or destruction is not the result of their own
fault or neglect; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary' Affairs.
TWENTIETH REGIMENT INDIANA YOMJNTEBR8.
Mr. ORTH also, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to reimburse the officers and men
of the twentieth regiment of Indiana volunteers
for loss of baggage and other property atHatteras
Inlet; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
' INCREASE OF PAY TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. ORTH. also, in pursuance  f previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to increase the pay of non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and private sol-
diers in the military service of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAYMENT TO SOLDIERS OF AFRICAN DESCENT.
Mr. ORTH also, in pursuanceof previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to fix the pay and allowance
of officers, musicians, and private soldiers of Af-
rican descent in the military service of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
MILITIA IN THE STATE OF INDIANA.
Mr. ORTH also, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to provide for paying the
expenses of enrolling and drafting the militia in
the State of Indiana in the year 1862; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
THE CIVIL COMMISSION AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. HOLMAN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to legalize and establish
the civil commission at Memphis, Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. IIOLMAN. As this is thought to be a
matter of great importance, I move that the bill
be printed,and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
SHIP CANAL.
jfylr. ARNOLD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to construct a ship canal
for the passage of armed and naval vessels from
the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and for
other purposes; which was read a firsthand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
DEPOSITARY OP PUBLIC MONEYS AT CHICAGO.
Mr. ARNOLD also, in pursuanceof previous
notice, inti oduced a bill to regulate the compensa-
tion of the depositary of public moneys at Chicago;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
■WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in pursuance
of previous notice, introduced a bill to amend an
act to incorporate the Washington and George-
town Railroad Company; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the first four sections of the bill be read for the
information of the House.
The sections were read, as follows:
Be it cnacted, <Vc., That from and after the pa^snse of tins
act the Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company,
inrmporated liy an act of Cougresa approved May 17,18tr2,
shall, duiing all se&Mons ot'Congic*?, iuii one cat each way
cveiy Hirer minutes between ihu hout& of ten o'clock ui the
motnmti and feix o'clock m the evening, on tlie.irinain.rail-
wav h"t\veen the eastern front of the Capitol ami George-
town, and shall travel thereon ai a rale ot speed not exceed-
ing vcu miles per hour, and not Icsd than five miles per
hoin.
^ce. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said railway
company shall cauie to he prepared, and sshall sell to ail
paescngors wishing to putchaso, ticket* hi packages or par-
c<'M>! tvvcntj -five or loss in nutnbei, at the late of one dol-
lar for twenty-five tickets; each of winch tickets shall en-
title the holdet to om* passage m any car of the company
for any distance upon their mam line of railway, or upon
either ot the branches thereof, or between the termini of
cititei of f-aid branches and any point upon said-mam rail-
way oi branches.
i?Rc\ 3. And he it further enactcd, That the said railway
ooirmauy shall keep clean and m ^oodiepairthe flagstones
le tiling to and across their tracks  U the cros^im? of the
street- aih' avemietj which intf-iveet their lines of jaJvvay.
:-rc\ 4. And be it further enact C./, That lor each and evety j
violation or neglect of either of the piovisjons of the fore-
g' inij4sections, tho «-aid i.nhvuy company shall foiiVrt and
pas a Mini noti ess than five dollars and not moie than $100;
winch may be recovered, with the costs; of couit, on com-
plaint of any person in any comt of rccord in the District
of Columbia; and one half of the penalties recovered shall
be for the use of and paid to the city of Washington; the
other half lor and to the complainant.
The bill was then referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
ISAAC R. DILI/EIt.
• Mr. ICNAPP, in pursuance of previou notiee,
introduced a bill for the relief of Isaac R. Dtfler,
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
CONSCRIPTION LAW.
Mr. KELLOGG,ofMichigan, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act for enrolling and calling out the
national forces,and forotherpurposes,^approved
March 3, 18C3; which was read a first anu second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
FJ35IALI3 COLLEGES.
Mr. ICELLOGCr, of Michigan, also, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a joint resolu-
tion asking an appropriation of land Congress
to endow female colleges in the several States;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PROTECTION OB1 EMIGRANTS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa,in pursuanceof pre-
vious notice, introduced a bill to provide for the
•protection of overland emigrants to the States and
Territories of the Pacific; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
. INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. M^cBIlIDE, in pursuance ofpreviousnotice,
introduced a bill making an appropriation for the
purpose of negotiating treaties with the Indian
tribes of southern and eastern Oregon; which was
read a fust and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
MAIL FACILITIES.
Mr. McBRIDE also, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill to establish a daily mail
from Fort Bridget*, in Utah Tenitory, to Dalles
City, in the State of Oregon; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
LOSSES IN KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER, in pursuance ofprevious notice,
introduced a joint resolution for the appointment of
three commissioners to ascertain the amount of
losses sustained by the burning and sack-in# of
the <Mty of Lawrence and the towns of Olathe,
Shawnee, Aubcy, and Humboldt, in the State of
Kansas, by guerrillas under Gtuantrol and others;
which was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. WILDER. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FENTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that the joint resolution had better be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims. This whole
subject is already under consideration by that
committee, and they are preparing a general bill
on the subject.
Mr. WILDER, I have no objection to its
being so referred.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
PAY OE INDIAN REGIMENTS.
Mr. WILDER also, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a joint resolution for the relief
of the officers of the fourth and fifth Indian regi-
ments, appointed ami commissioned by the War
Department, and mustered out of service without
pay; winch was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
morgan's raid.
Mr. CRAVENS, in pursuance of previous no-
lieej introduced a bill to ascertain who have lost
horses and oilier property in the States of Indiana
and Ohio by the rebel raid tinder the command of
General John H. Aioigan, and the Union forces
in pursuit of said rebels, m July, lt!S3; which was
read a first and second time by lis title.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to a select committee of three.
Mrs HARDING. I suggest to the genii? auut.
from Indiana that-he had better let/the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims. Tie losses
in Indiana by raids have been nothing* compared
to those of Kentucky; and the Committee of
Claims are maturingagenteral bill on this oubje«t.'
Mr. HOLMAN. I would state to my col-
league that the subject is already before the-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. CRAyENS. X have, no objection to the .
reference of the bill to that committee;
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims. ~
mail facilities in the west. -
Mr. PEREA, in pursuance of previous notice;
introduced a bill to provide additional mail facil-
ities between Kansas City and Santa Fg, New
Mexico; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. -
LOSSES IN'NEW MEXICO.
Mr. PEREA also, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill to provide for the settte 
ment of losses sustained by the loyal people of
New Mexico during the invasion of General Sib-
ley, of Texas, out of the confiscated property of
disloyal citizens of New Mexico; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred t®
the Committee of Claims.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF NEW MEXICO, 13X0. '
■ Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill to provide
for a geological survey of the Territory of New
Mexico and Arizona; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
WAGON ROAD IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill to provide
for the construction of a wagon road from Albu-
querque, New Mexico, to Fort Wtajjile, Ari-
zona, and thence to steamboat navigftSSSpjar the
Colorado river in said Territory; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
THOMAS F. BOWLER.
Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill ftjr the re-
liefofThomasF. Bowler, ofNew Mexico; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Post Offices.and Post Roads..
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill for the ex-
amination of claims for Indian depredations in
the Territory of New Mexico; which was read a
first and second time, and referredto the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
INDIAN AGENTS.
Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill to provide
for the appointment of Indian agentsin New Mex-
ico; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs
CAPTAIN GAItDIN CIIAPIN.
Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Captain Gardin Chapin, seventh United
States infantry, for private property lost and de-
stroyed in the evacuation of Arizona by the United
States troops; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
TREATIES WITH INDIANS.
Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill to author-
ize the making of treaties with the Navajo, Apa-
che, and Utah Indian tribes in New Mexico, de-
fining their limits and extinguishing their title to
lands outside of said limits; which was icad a fust
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
MOUNTAIN ROAD IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill to provide
for the improvement of the road through the Ra-
ton mountains between Fort Lyon, 111 Colorado
Territory, and Fort Union, 111 New Mexico;
which was read a first and second time, arid re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
MILITARY ROAA) IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill to provide
for the construction of a military road from Santa
Fe, New Mexico, to Taos, New Mexico; which
