1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3147
Army without any such insult to their patriotism
and ties of affection asis contained in this section:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States may, at his discretion, at anytime here-
after, order a draft under the provisions of the act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes^ approved March 3,1863, and of the several acts
amendatory thereto, for soldiers to serve for a less period
than three years: Provided, however, That no such draf t
shall be for a less term of service than one year.
With regard to this third section the chairman
of the Military Committee admits that he offers
it as a " palliation," to use his own words, to the
stringent character of the bill which was previ-
ously passed, and which he now seeks to amend
by this more cruel enactment. What does it
palliate ? He proposes to give to the Executive
a power unheard of before this Administration
came into power. After removing the possibility
of any substitutes being furnished except those
of the same family, the President is given unlim-
ited control over the lives of every family in the
land. In the fourth section he falls back upon
the original provision of the Constitution and
adopts the old system of volunteering, from which
there has never been any reason to depart. But
still adhering to the dangerous but favorite prin-
ciple of centralization, this section assumes a
partisan character, and depriving the States of
their powers gives extraordinary power to the
Executive. It has been fully shown that what-
ever necessity did exist for resorting to the sys-
tem of drafting in place of volunteering, it was
created by the acts of folly and extravagance of
the Administration itself. It is unnecessary to
enter into any argument to prove that. The gen-
tleman admits the draft to be a failure. Let us
then fall back upon the provision of the Consti-
tution in relation to the raising of troops for the
common defense and for the suppression of in-
surrection. Let us leave to the States the power
of orgaffizing their militia for the defense of the
country as reserved to them in the Constitution,
and do not by an enactment such as is now
proposed by this conscription act and the subse-
quent amendments centralize the whole military
power of the nation in the hands of the Execu-
tive, and thereby cut off all sympathy and con-
nection between the people of the States and this
huge military machine wielded by the General
Government. That I maintain to be the great
mistake and the great evil of this whole system
of draft as inaugurated by this Administration.
I am further of the opinion that before the party
in power have secured to themselves the con-
quests and the ends theyjiope to obtain they will
find that the sympathy of the people, which they
are now usinsc every means to destroy, will be
appealed to in vain, and that the States of this
Confederacy, to whom you have offered insult
upon insult, and from whom you have taken by
usurped authority right after right will in the end
demand back from you the rights which you have
so outrageously usurped.
Sir, my object in rising will have been accom-
plished-if I have succeeded in presenting a sim-
ple and clear view of this subject as it appeared
to me upon the statement of the chairman of the
Military Committee. This bill strikes down what
1 and those who think with me believe to be vi-
tal in the fundamental law of this country, the
right of the States to take part in everything that
pertains to their liberties, their existence, and
their glory. t
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, resumed
the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me for a moment?
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. I will yield
first to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley.]
Mr. ANCONA. I object to the gentleman's
yielding unless he yields unconditionally.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire simply to offer an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will proceed with
# his remarks.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say one single word.
Mr. A. MYERS. I would like to ask my col-
league to let me offer an amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON. 1 object.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. I am sorry
I have not the power to extend the courtesy
which my colleague asks. I desire to say but a
single word in reply to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs in reference to this bill.
1. At this time this proposition is not called
for.
2. The people throughout the country, whose
representatives we are, do not desire the passage
of this bill.
3. If the bill did pass this House it would not
have any force or effect, through failing to receive
the concurrent action of the Senate.
These are the three propositions which I have
to state, and which I hope will have that weight
which common sense and the good judgment of
the House must give them. I move the previous
question on the adoption of the.amendment of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
Mr. A. MYERS. I ask the Chair whether,
if the first section be stricken out, it will be in
order to offer a section in place of it.
The SPEAKER. It will be after the previous
question shall be exhausted, which will be when
the vote is taken on the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Have I the^right to
call for a division of the question ? The amend-
ment is to strike out the first two sections.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
a division of the question may be called for.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I ask for sep-
arate votes on striking out the first and second
sections. *
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was first on strik-
ing out the first section of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to detain the House by adding much to
what has been already said. I endeavored when
up before to explain in their order these sections.
The bill, as I said before, is to be considered as
a whole. I think that if passed it should be
passed in its entirety.
Mr. HARDING. I rise to a question of or-
der. The amendment was offered by the gentle-
mam fiom Maine. Does that give the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs the right to
conclude the debate?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
having reported the bill, and not having spoken
on the second reading, cannot be deprived of his
rightunderthe operation ofthe previous question.
Mr, HOLMAN. Does that right exist on each
amendment that may be offered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide ques-
tions when they come up. The Chair decides
now that the gentleman from Ohio is entitled to
the floor. '
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that the ques-
tion is on the engrossment of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is on the amendment to
strike out the first two sections of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the previous question
apply to the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. SCHENCK. The previous question does
not apply to the engrossment?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The gentleman
has the right to speak one hour, and may do so
either now or after the engrossment.
Mr. SCHENCK. The first question will be
on striking out the commutation, and the second
on striking out the substitution. In regard to the
commutation I have nothing to add to what 1 said
before, except to allude generally to the vital ne-
cessity of doing something to make the draftmore
efficacious than it has been.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Chan-
cer] who has just addressed the House is mis-
taken in supposing that I am inconsistent in the
positions which I have taken in reference urthe
existing law and to this proposed law. I have
never believed that the old enrollment law passed
by the last Congress was perfect I believed then
that in passing it we were doing the best we could
at the time, nor did I believe that in amending it
during the present Congress we were doing
enough. But the conviction is most thorough
on my mind, and it is spreading throughout the
country, it is admitted by the war-making power
as well as by all members of the House who are
anxious to do something to obtain men to put
down this rebellion, that some more stringent
measure is necessary in order to bring about tiiat
condition of things by which men shall be ob-
tained for the Army.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio if there are any States that have
failed to respond to the calls hitherto made by
the President of the United States; whether the
State of New York is not four thousand ahead of
all calls; and whether there is any necessity for
having any more stringent measure. ,
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 will answer that by say-
ing that under the call made in the district referred
to, there are upward of five thousand out of four,
teen thousand who responded to the call by pay-
ing their $300 commutation. And I will go fur-
ther and remark, as to the gentleman's State, that
if they have answered all the calls made hitherto
And have an excess so much the better for them,
because upon the calls to be made hereafter their
excess will be credited upon their quota.
In reference to the commutation clause being
stricken out I notice that there are gentlemen
here who say they are in favor of striking that
out and of still retaining the second section. Well,
sir, 1 am in favor of retaining the second section
if the section repealing the commutation is stricken
out. It is true, so far as being an assistance to
a certain class of men is concerned, it may be de-
sirable to allow drafted men to obtain substitutes,
but it is objectionable upon another ground. If .
you strike out the commutation, and leave the
matter of obtaining substitutes open, the price of
substitutes will be run up to ten or-fifteen hun-
dred dollars, so high that but a small portion of
the people can afford to obtain substitutes. It
will therefore be no benefit to the larger portion
of the people. I am therefore of the opinion that
whether this commutation clause is stricken out
or not the section providing that there shall be
no substitutes hereafter, perhaps on the whole
had better be retained, with the provision allow-
ing a substitute in the case of a member of a fam-
ily stricken out.
But, sir, as I have said to the House, to make
the bill of value, to make it efficient, it should be
taken as a whole. If gentlemen will look it through
as a whole they will find that it presents a most
efficient plan for securing volunteers. The effect
will be to organize every town, ward, or precinct
into a committee to promote volunteering. It
makes it directly for the interest of every man
subject to draft to encourage volunteering. Every
one, no matter what his condition is, will be re-
quired to assist to the last man in making up the
full quota, because he is subject to draft, and if,
a draft is held in his town or ward and he is
drafted,he has no alternative but to go. I hope,
therefore, that gentlemen will look at the bill as
a whole; that they will take the section prohibit-
ing substitutes in connection with that striking
out the commutation clause, and these sections
in connection with the other sections of the bill,
and that they will sec that to strike out the com-
mutation clause will render all the'other sections
comparatively valueless. But I think thatonthe
whole, for a bill that provides, if need be, to force
men reluctantly and involuntarily into the service
of the Government to which they owe allegiance,
it is as mild and liberal a bill as can be framed.
It provides a condition of things by which almost
every town or ward will obtain the requisite num-
ber of volunteers, and a draft will be avoided.
I will now yield to my colleague, [Mr. Gar-
field,] who desires to occupy the attention of the
House for a very few minutes before the vote is
aThe SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman that he cannot yield the floor unless he
yields it unconditionally.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I yield the floor un-
conditionally.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave for my colleague [Mr.
Garfield] to be heard for fifteen minutes upon
this bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object.
Mr. GANSON. I desire to ask the Speaker
whether this bill will come up in the evening ses-
sion.
The SPEAKER. It will not. The whole of
the evening has, by unanimous consent, been set
apart for the consideration of the Pacific railroad
bill. If that bill should, however, be disposed
of before the close of the evening session, the
bill in reference to the establishment of a naval
depot at Cairo would then come up; and if that
were out of the way, this bill would come up.
The question was taken on striking out the
