2172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
and other buildings of the United States are built.
It is a very large piece of ground. I cannot give
its exact dimensions. It is far more than enough
for the erection of a mint; and yet it is a question
of economy alone as to whether the Government
should use it for that purpose; and I wil! explain
that in one moment. It is located in the lower part
of the city, upon what is known as made land, and
if the mint building should be erected there the
foundation will have tobepiled,which will bea very
expensive job. The probability is that the piling
of the foundation would consume one half or more
of the entire appropriation. It may, therefore, be
found necessary and economical for the Secretary
to authorize the purchase of ground elsewhere,
reserving that ground, winch is of great value to
the Government. That is the reason why I of-
fered the amendment which the Senate has just
adopted inserting the words " for the purchase
of a site, if necessary." It will be a question to
be determined by the architect of the Government
whether this ground shall be used or other ground
purchased. My own opinion is that the most
economical course for the Government to pursue
will be to select other ground on account of the
great expense for piling for a foundation on the
ground we now own. I suppose the half block
of ground to which I refer is worth at the present
time at least $300,000.
I will state in addition, while I am up, that the
ground on which the present mint is erected is
of considerable value. I suppose it is worth at
least from fifty to seventy-five thousand dollars.
The Secretary of the Treasury has authoiity un-
der the law at present to sell that ground and pay
the amount into the national Treasury, which will
undoubtedly be done, so that the total amount
appropriated here will not be expended for the
erection of the mint.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
was read the third time, and passed.
PUKVBNTJON OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 226.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before that is done, I de-
sire to make a statement. I have a bill here 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to say that if
the bill which the Senator from Michigan desires
to bring up is a bill that will not lead to any debate
I will give way; but I do so with the understand-
ing that I shall have an opportunity to ask the
Senate to take up two or three Indian bills that
will occupy perhaps half an hour, which it is
very important should be acted on.
Mr. CHANDLER, This is the most import-
ant bill before the Senate; it is to prevent smug-
gling-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I yield to the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 2GG.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
26G) to prevent smuggling, and for other pur-
poses, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
By its provisions, from and after the 1st of
August, 1864, all good**, wnies, and merchan-
dise, and nil baggage and effects of passengers,
and all other artich s, impoited into the United
States from any contiguous foreign country, or
countries, (except as otherwise specially pro-
vided,) as well as the vessels, cars, and other ve-
hicles, and envelopes ni whn.h the same shall be
imported, shall be unladen in the presence of,and
be inspected by, an inspcc tor or other officer of
the customs, at the first port of entry or custom-
house in the United States v/heio the same shall
arrive; and to enable the proper officer thoi onghly
to discharge this duty, he may require the owner
or owners, or his, hot, or their agent, or other
person ha\ ehaige or possession of any trunk,
traveling bag or sack, valise, or other envelope,
or of any closed vessel, ear, or other vehicle, to
open the same, oi to delivei to him the proper key;
and if such ownej, agent, or other person, shall
refuse or neglect to comply with his demand, the
officer shall ictain the ti unk, traveling bag or sack,
valise, or whatsoever it may be, and open the
same, and as soon then eaft<T as m^y be practica-
ble examine the contents, and if any dutiable ar-
ticle or articles shall be found therein, the whole
contents, together with the envelope, shall be for-
feited to the United States and disposed of a% the
law provides in other similar cases. If any du-
tiable goods, article, or articles, be found in such
vessel, car,or other vehicle, the owner, agent,or
other person in charge of which shall have lefuscd
to open it or deliver the key, the same, together
with the vessel, car, or other vehicle, shall be for-
feited to the United States, and shall be held by
such officer, to be disposed of as the lawprovides
in other similar cases of forfeiture. But the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may release such goods or
other articles on such terms, and such vessel, car,
or other vehicle, on payment of such fine, notless
than fifty dollars, as to him shall seem just and
proper.
The Secretary of the Treasury is to appoint,
whenever he shall think it necessary, additional
inspectors of the revenue for the following dis-
tricts, to wit: Passamaquoddy,Maine,four; Port-
land and Falmouth,Maine, eight; Eastport, Maine,
four; Boston and Charlestown, Massachusetts,
fourteen; Pembina,Minnesota, two; Chicago, Il-
linois, eight; Michilimackinac, Michigan, two;
Sandusky, Ohio, one; Cuyahoga, Ohio, three;
Erie, Pennsylvania, one; Dunkirk, New York,
one; Buffalo Creek, New York, six; Niagara,
two; Genesee, two; Oswego, five; Champlain,
four; Vermont, two.
To avoid the inspection at the first'port of ar-
rival, required by the first section of the act, the
owner, agent, master, or conductor of any such
vessel, car, or other vehicle, or owner, agent, or
other person having charge of any such goods,
wares, merchandise, baggage, effects, or other
articles, may apply to any officer of the United
States, duly authorized to act in the piemises, to
seal or close the same, previous to, or immediately
upon, their importation into the United States;
which officer shall seal or close the same accord-
ingly; whereupon they may proceed to their port
of destination and be there inspected. Provisions
are made for the mode of sealing the packages, &c.,
and penalties provided for those who may break
the seals.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the bill
in the first section, third line, by striking out the
word " August" and inserting " July."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
who reports this bill, to what it occurs to me must
be an error in the bill. On page 3, section two, ad-
ditional inspectors of the revenue are proposed,
as follows: " Passamaquoddy, Maine,four; East-
port, Maine, four." 1 should like to inquire of
the chairman whether there are two such districts ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot answer thatques-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL. My impression is that there
is but one district,and that that is Passamaquoddy;
but yet I am not quite confident it is'so.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator can move to
strike it out.
Mr. MORRILL. I should not like to do that
without Ascertaining; more definitely about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The district of Passama-
quoddy co vers a very largeextent of country,and
it is very possible that the Department desires
that there should be as many as eight inspectors,
but lias made Nome error in regard to the division.
I think there had better be inquiries made in re-
gard to that point before the bill is finally acted
! upon. If it is a question of number, I think they
I will need a considerable number to accomplish the
objects of the bill. I think there is an error in
[ the description there, but they may want the offi-
! cers. 1 hope the Senator from Michigan will let
! it go over until to-morrow morning, and have it
j made the special order at half past twelve o 'cloclj^
, The bill ought to be parsed eaily, but it ought to
i be looked into.
1 Mr.TEN EYCR\ I have no doubt it is tight.
! I know tiiis was furnished by the Commissioner
: of Customs himself, who ought to know all about
, it, and doubtless docs. The bill generally was
| framed by the Commissioner of Customs with the
i view of preventing the enormous frauds on the
levenue, and I cannot for one moment suppose
] that Mr. Sargent, the Commissioner of Customs,
; should have made a mistake of this kind. He
; was pirsent, acting with the committee, and fur-
! nishing the facts.
i Mr. FESSENDEN. I am aware of the im-
portance of the bill and the propriety of passing it
as soon as possible, but I am inclined to think
there has been a mistake as to the districts in
Maine. My impression is that Eastport and Pas-
samaquoddy are in one district. We can ascer-
tain by to-moirow how the fact is.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit a motion that
the bill be postponed until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock, and made the special order for
that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAJO INDIAN CAPTIVES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 226.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
226) to aid in the settlement, subsistence, and sup-
port of the Navajo Indian captivcs upon a reser-
vation in the Territory of New Mexico, was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
$100,000, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, for the purpose of
settling the Navajo Indians, now captives in New
Mexico, upon a reservation upon the Pecos river,
in New Mexico, for the purchase of agricultural
implements, seeds, and other articles necessary
for such purpose, for breaking the ground, and
for subsistence of the Indians to the end of the
next fiscal year.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section:
Jlnd be itfuithe> enacted, Thatthesaidreservationmay,
under the diieetion of the Secretaiy of the Interior, be so
extended and enlarged on the south as to include the en-
tile valley of the Pecos liver, known as the Bosque Re-
dondo, and that the whole of said reservation so enlarged
shall be designated and known as the Navajo and Apache
reseivauon ; and as such shall, until otherwise oideied by
law, he exempt fiom sale and free from all occupancy ex-
cept by the said Indians for the purposes herein mentioned,
excepting such portion of the said land as is now occupied
by Foit Sumner, and as may be needed for the use of said
fort.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have another amend-
ment from the committee, the purpose of which
is to abolish one Indian agency and establish an-
other:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the southern agency of
New Mexico is heieby abolished, and that an agent for the
Kiowuy, Apache, and Comanche Indiana be appointed, at
a salary of $1,500 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have an
explanation of the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Secretary of the In-
terior sent the following letter to the Senate:
Department or the Interior,
Washington, D. C., Jiyril 5,1864.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a
communication from the Secretary of War, dated the 31st
iiK-tant. ami a copy of a icpoit of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, of the 4th instant, upon the subject of provid-
ing means ot subsistence tor the Navajo Indians of New
Mexico upon a lcservation at the "jiosque lledoiido," on
the Pecos river.
Concurring with the Commissioner in the views he ex-
presses on tin: subject, and also with the War Depaitment
in relation to it, I have the honor to recommend that Con-
gress appropriate ยง100,000 to effect the objects contem-
plated.
Very rc&pectlully, your obedient scivarit,
J. P. USHER, Secictary-
Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, President of the Senate.
The following is the letter of the Secretary of
War which accompanies it:
War Department,
Washington City, March 31,1664.
Sir: The commander of the department ot New Mexico
reports that tlicie me now at the Bosque Redondo tour
thousand one hundred and six Navajo Indians, with strong
probabilities that the remainder of the tribe will soon be
collected at that place. Geneiai Caileton estimates the
entire number of those Indiana at five thousand, but it is
believed that this is an underestimate, and that the tribe,
when collected, will number at lea-st seven thousand souls.
These Indian* have-been at war with the people ot New
Mexieo (with short inteivaUot peace) for nr-mly two cen-
turies, and it the plan of colonization now commenced can
be Miccesstully can ied out, it will telieve theTieasury from
the Iarjre cxperiditmc*. that have been lieces^arv in carry-
ing on mihtaiy opciations against thein, and will do much
for the settlement and prospenty of New Mexico. It is
important lor the success oftlus plan that measures should
be taken at once to establish them fully in their new homes ;
to piovidc for their wants in their changed condition, and
to establish them fully in their determination to abandon
tbfiroid homes and niannei of living.
Thoyate now dependent upon riie War Department,but
there is no appropriation undei the control of the Depait-
liit nt fiom winch their wants can be supplied, except that
