8149
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
first section of the bill; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 100, nays 50, not voting 32; as
follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Alley.
Ames, Ancoj^i, Bally, Augustus (}. Baldwin, John D. Bald-
win, Blaine, Boutwell, Crooks, Brooniall, James S.
Urown, WilRamG. Brovrn, Chanter, Freeman Clarke, Cof-
roth, Cravens,Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dawson. Demmg,
)cmso«, Eden, Edgeiton, Eldridge, Eliot, English, Fenlon,
?inck, Frank, Ganson, Gooeh, Grrder, Giiswold, Hale,
Harding, Harrington,BenjaminG. Harris,Hcrrick,Holman,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hutchins, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Kalbfieisch, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond,
Mallory, Marcy, McDowell, McKmney,Middleton, Samuel
F. Miller, William Fl. Miller, Daniel Morris, James R.
Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson,
Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton, Peiham,
Perry, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander II.
Rice, Robinson, Rogers, Edward II. Roliins, Scotield, Scott,
John P Steele, William G. Steele. Stevens, Stiles, Strou->e,
Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Upson, Wadsworth, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Webster, Whalev, Wheeler, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. While, Williams, and Winfluld—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Ashley, Baxter, B^aman, Blair,
'Blow,Boj-J, Ambiose W,CJ$uk« Cobb, Cole, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Ditags, Eekiey, Farnsworth, Gatfiold, higby, Asalicl
W. Hubbaul, John H. Hubbard, Hulburdjlngorsoll, Jnhan,
Kelley, Francis W. Ke!lo<™,Knox, Loan, Lon^year, Mar-
vin, McUluraj, Moorhead, Mouill, Noiton, Charle.sO'Neill,
Orth, Pike, Pomeioj, Price, John II. Rice, Ross, Schcnck.
Shannon, Sloan, Smlthers, Thayer, Tracy, Van Vallceu-
« hmch,Ehhu B. Washburne, Wilder, Wilson, and Windom
—00.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Andeison, Biandr«oe,
Clay, Cox, Cieswell, lienty Winter Davis, Dumont, Gi'm-
nell, Ilall, Charles M. Harris, Jcnckes, Kasson, Orlando
Kellogg, Kernan, Kiitf, LitUojobn, Long, McAllister, Me-
Bride, Mcfndoe, Wiiljam }[. Randall, James S. Kolhns,
Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stobbins, Voorhees, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbudge, and Yeam.in—30.
So the first section of the bill was stricken out.
During the vote,
Mr. ALLISON stated that he was paired with
Mr. Kern an.
Mn MOORHEAD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Kelley, had been culled home by sickness
in his family.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question then rocii.rrcd on the motion to
strike out the second section.
Mr. SCHENCK withdrew the demand for the
yeas and nays.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the first and second sections were
Stricken out; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BllOOMALL. I submit a substitute for
the bill.
The SPEAKER. It will be considered as pend-
ing.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend' the fourth
section of the bill so that it will lead as follows:
Sec. 4. Jliul be it further enacted, That the 1'iesident
shall accompany any oidei for a diatt of men for ihiIium
service with a notice that he will accept volunteer or sub-
stitutes in lieu of such drafted men prior to the day ap-
pointed lor the diaft to fill up the (piota or any paitthere-
ot of any town, township, waul, pieeinct, oi election du>
triel, or of any counly not so Mibdivided ; and rveiv per-
son so vohmterjlujf, m lieu of a man to be dtaftcd", shall
Ik' or edited to -mrh town, township, watd. piocincf, t,i flec-
tion di.-triet. or eouniy not so subdivided ; and if he volun-
teer or is oileicd as a «ub-tiuue lor a dialteii man and is
accepted and mu^tticd into the seivi'-e hn a trim ot one
year, unless soonci dN< hni«ed, -.hall rec< nc ;.nd be paid
by (lie United Slates a bounty ot ft 100. and iftoi a term of
two ycai-, unless m>oii< r di^ehai^ed. a bounty oi ,^i)0,and
if lor a t"i in of t In no yeai.-, uult-v miouci di-Ui\u"cd, a
bounty oi ,>X)0, one halt ol winch said bounty shall he paid
to the roldier at the nine of In? heimr mu't^i,-d into the
servit e, one I'ouiih at tin- exp.iation of one half h^ tenn
ot set vice, atnl one foiuth an he end o! hit- trrm of mm v if e :
ami the Presidenl in any call or o;dei tor a diaU >Ik;!Im)c- .
citv tin1 evnet lime of semec foi which ^ueh draft ^ io he i
made, and the \ oluuteet*' rK-c< ph'd in ii"u oi the whole or !
any part of the qu>>ta> to be provided under I hat draft t hail [
be Joi not less than the term oi service i'oi winch that di.ift ;
i&oideicd.
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to strike out in the i
fourth section the woids " be credited to such i
town, township, precinct, or election district," j
and in lieu theieoito inscit these words: !
If subject to cmoiinient, h-- ciedlt^d to the town, town- '
ship, preciiirt. or eh etion district m which he may be Jia- '
bio to emoihnent. it riot so subject, to the town, township :
precinct, oi election distnct in winch he may have v Wi- i
tecied.
I wish inoicly to cai! the attention of the House ■
to the factthnt tin; eitiefj take up neaily ali of our '
volunteorn. This its denized to credit them wiiete
they reside and arc enrolled.
Mr. NELSON. Do not the cities pay higher
bounties ?
Mr. ASHLEY. They do;and that is the way
they get men from the counties and townships to
which they properly belong.
Mr. NELSON. If they pay the bounty they
are entitled to the credit of these volunteers*
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman mean
that the men who go to the towns because they
pay higher bounties there, shall receive those
bounties and then not be credited to those towns ?
Mr. ASHLEY. I want the volunteers to be
credited \Hicre they reside.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 64,
noes 41.
Mr. L. MYERS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to add the following
to the fourth section:
Provided, That no volunteer or sub>titutc under the
provisions of thi« section, who j-hail be honorably d>,<-
chai^ed previous to the expnation of the term of his en-
listment, shall be entitled to liwfull bounty for the tune of
his onh-tmeut.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGEUSOLL moved to insert in the
fourth section, after thojyord " semce,'' m^he
eighteenth line, these words:
But in ca^c ofhis d'-ath when in said scrvice, the residue
of said bounty shall he paid to hw lejrai lcpicsonrafives,
and in ea*e of hi  Imnoiable dt^chaisre tioin wounds oi
sieknesh inclined in the seivice he shall iceeive the lull
bounty.
Mr. FARNSWORTIT. - I move that the bill
and amendments be laid on the table. The bill has
been so emasculated that it is evident the Houpe
dors not mean to pass any measure of this kind.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it in order to move to
amend by striking out the fourth section ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
third and fouith sections of the bill. The bill, as
my colleague on the committee has said, was pre-
sented as a whole, a measure that had no value
in it, except the last two sections, unless taken as
a whole. The heart is cut out of it, and the head
cut off, and with the exception of those two sec-
tions I have not only no desire that it should pass,
but 1 believe the nmn<jicd tiunk would be a de-
formity, and would seriously injure the efficiency
of the present law.
Wo come before the Home to say that the
President had informed us, that our own exam-
ination of tiie suite of the country also lod us to
be Sieve, that the Government is in want of men
and not of money to fill the ranks of its Aimy;
that the law wc have given to the President and the
War Department has in the main failed to secure
the requisite reinforcements.
It is no longer a question that wc cannot retain
the commutation clause of the enrollment act and
at the same time fill up the Army so as to supply
the waste of buttle.
Gentlemen, this Congress must sooner or later
meet the issue face to face, and i believe the time
will soon coni^, if it has not now come, when we
must give up the war orgive up the commutation.
I believe the men and. the Congress that shall
finally refuse to strike out the commutation clause,
but lotam it in if^ full force as itnowis, will sub-
stantially vote to abatukm the war. And [ am
not ready to believe, I will not believe, that the
Thirty-Eighth Congress has come to sucli a con-
clusion.
1 think the second section can be stricken out
and the bill he serviceable. Perhaps it had better
be stricken out. It was not put in to make it pal-
atable to the House, butin the hope that H would
be more acceptable to the country.
I3ut when the officers to whom you have com-
mitted the safety of the nation ask for adequate
mstiuments to carry on the war, when they tell
you the instiuments youhavegiven them aronot
ndoquato, as the Provident and the Wccietary of
War tell you, as the history of the late draftand
the one now in piogreais telis you; when these
demands are made and reasons given, if you re-
fuse to gianttheaal they need, how have you any
right to hopeeither success or safety? Butif you
will not give the needed help, at least preserve
intact the law you have already made. I hope,
therefore, all the sections will be stricken out ex-
cept the last two.
The hour of half past four having arrived, the
House, in pursuance of a previous order, took a
recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION. *
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock.
ENROLLMENT LAW.
Mr. SCPIENCK. I ask the consent of the
House to have printed the bill which we have
had under consideration to-day, together with the
amendments already adopted, and those now
pending.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
unless I can know when action will be taken on
the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. ,1 hope my colleague will
riot object. We can know better, if it is ptinted,
how to act when it comes up for consideration.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will this
give it any precedence?
Mr. STEVENS. None whatever.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
will withdraw my objection.
No fuither objections being made, the bill and
amendments adopted and pending were ordered
to be printed.
LANDLORD AND TENANT IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. "WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, and by unanimous consent, reported
back, with amendments, an act (S. No. 138) to
regulate proceedings in cases of landlord and ten-
ant in the Distiict of Columbia.
The first amendment was to add to the fiist
section the following proviso:
Piovided, That no pait of this section, other than that
which lelcttes to the attornment of tenant to a stranger,
shall apply to contiacts made, or to any tenancy existing,
piior loathe p ibsage of this act, except in case of waste or
refusal to pay rent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as a new section, after section three:
Jiud be it. further enacted, That either party against whom
judgment i-^ rendered by a justice of the peaco, may appeal
tiom such judgment to the *upieme court of the Distuct of
Columbia in the ?ame manner as appeals aie taken to the
paid couit in other cases; but in cases of an appeal by a
defendant, lie shall, in addition to the hail requued in other
case:-!. !oco iuzc m a reasonable sum to the plaintiff, to be
fi\'pd by said ju-rice, with sufficient sureties conditioned to
pay the intoi vwung damages to the leased property ie?ult-
msliom waste, and intervening rent for the pierage*; and
such appeal .shall be tiied In the same manner, and further
pioeecdiUgs had thetein, as In other cases in &aul coutt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I destre to ask the gentle-
man whether there isanyamendmcnt with regard
to the time of giving notice?
Mr. WILSON. The time specified by the bill
is thirty days.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Does this hill affect
contracts made prior to the passage of the bill?
Mr. WILSON. It affects no contracts mado
and no tenancy in existence except in cases where
the tenant permits the property to waste or re-
fuses to pay the lent.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordinglyjcad the third time, and passed.
Mr*- WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
whicn the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The House then resinned the consideration of
bill ot the House No. 438, to amend an act entitled
<$ An act to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from pie Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other ^
purposes," approved July 3, 18G3, the pending-
qu^3fion being upon the motion of Mr. Steele,
ot New "York, to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was postponed until this evening.
Mr. WAyilBQRNE, of Illinois. 1 believe thn
gentleman fiom Indiana [Mi. IIolma.v] is en-
titled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
