1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE
11#.
Every person who has violated his duty to the
Government, or broken its laws and levied war
upon it, is liable to be dealt with as a criminal and
a traitor.
The people in rebellion who have made war
upon the nation are also in the position of public
enemies, and liable to be treated as such. The
Government may proceed against thetn both as
rebels amenable to our laws, or as public ene-
mies subject to all the liabilities of such. So
much of this rebel territory as we have brought
by our arms within our lines, is rightfully held
under military government; and it is subject, for
the time being, to the government of the Execu-
tive, as Commander-in-Chief, until loyal States
are reorganized, or until Congress provides by law
for some other mode of government.
DUTY OP THE EXECUTIVE.
It is the duty of the Executive to see that the
laws are faithfully executed in every part of the
United States. It is his duty by the sword and
by the power of war to destroy all armed oppo-
sition to the Government. Everything necessary
to accomplish this, and in accordance with the
rules of war, as recognized by civilized nations,
he may rightfully do. He may emancipate and
arm slaves, arrest and confine dangerous public
enemies to prevent the execution of treasonable
designs; and suppress for the time treasonable
publications; all this to be done under the rules
of war and the legitimate powers vested in the
Executive of carrying on war against public ene-
mies and traitors. It is his duty, also, to see that
the constitutional guarantee of a republican form
of government under the Federal Union shall be
carried out. In the absence of the action of Con-
gress, he may do all that it may be necessary to
carry out these purposes. He may appoint mil-
itary governors. He may levy and collect taxes
and assessments. He may institute temporary
tribunals to administer justice. He may preserve
the peace, prevent anarchy, and see that justice
is done to all. In a word, he may and must gov-
ern the country in its tiansition state from a rebel
to a loyal condition, or until Congress provides
by law for its government, or until the people or-
ganize loyal State governments and are readmit-
ted into the Union. These principles are sanc-
tioned in the Supreme Court in the California
case, so often cited in this House. These powers,
or most of them, the President has exercised in
Louisiana, in Arkansas, and in Tennessee. He
has done this under the advice and with the aid
of such men as Andrew Johnson, Generals But-
ler and Ranks; and the results aie beginning to
develop themselves in the disposition of the people
of these States to return to the Union.
what arb the towers of congress?
Congress may and ought to pass all laws which
may be necessary to cairy into effect the power
lodged in the Executive to administer for ^ie time
being the government of the territory in rebel-
lion. Congress may regulate the mode of ad-
ministration. It may control the method of gov-
erning the territory. Each House of Congress
has the exclusive poioer to determine and judge of
the election, return, and qualifications of its own
members, and may of course determine when to
admit or reject Representatives from the rebel
States. I think it requires the concurrent action
of both the Executive and Congress for a com-
plete restoration of rebel and revolted States into
the Union.
amnesty proclamation.
The President in communicating the amnesty
proclamation to Congress invites the aid, counsel,
and cooperation of Congress in restoring national
unity. This proclamation of amnesty looks to the
reestablishraent of loyal State governments in the
rebel territory on the basis of freedom. It offers
peace on the surrender by the rebels of the cause
of the war, slavery. Practically it is already dis-
solving the rebel organization. 'Hundredsof rebel
soldiers are daily bringing in and laying down
tlviir arms, and accepting the terms of pardon.
The advantages of this proclamation are:
1. It gives a rallying point for loyalmen in the
rebel States.
2. It secures forever liberty to the emancipated
slave.
3. It will enable the United Statesto guaranty
to every rebel State a republican form of govern-
ment
4. It will secure national unity on the basis of*
liberty.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The questions involved in the subject of recon-
struction are of the most grave and important char-
acter. Broken unions are ever hard to restore.
We may crush the military power of the rebels,
and yet the southern people may, possibly, sul-
lenly refuse to return and participate in the Gov-
ernment. It is desirable that when the Union is
restored it may unite a fraternal people. We do
not desire the cotton States to occupy the relation
to the national Government of a struggling Po-
land, or Hungary, or Venice. The only basis on
which real cordial union can be predicated is that
of liberty. We must remove the cause of our di-
visions. Remove slavery, and the old American
idea of Union and love of country will resume
its sway. Yankee Doodle and the Star Span-
gled Banner will again thrill the hearts of all Dixie-
land. The old flag—God bless it forever—will
worshiped with an ardor and devotion unknown
before the war.
If you cannot have a Union based upon free-
dom you cannot have it at all. This the Presi-
dent with his usual sagacity has seen, and He of-
fers amnesty and liberty. My firm conviction
is, that upon this basis alone is union attainable.
This-furnishes the only hope; but with freedom,
when the sword has subjugated armed resistance,
we may weld together the links of this 'broken
chain. Prom the beginning of the revolt the
Government has offered to the rebels peace and
good-will, and upon the sole condition that they
should lay down their arms. This offer has been
met with scorn and defiance. The President now
offers peace upon the condition that the insurgents
submit and give up slavery. They are asked to
abandon that which has been a curse alike to them,
to us, to all. Humanity and Christianity pray
that these humane, generous, magnanimous terms
may be accepted. This cruel war will not stop;
this rebellion will never be sanctioned as revolu-
tion. The loyal people of the United States, if
these terms are rejected, will demand that the dis-
eased limb be amputated. They have been very
slow to anger, but they are now thoroughly
aroused, and it will soon be difficult to appease
their just rage.
The loyal people preferred peace to war, but
they are rapidly acquiring a taste for war's fierce
excitements and its dazzling glory. They are an
indomitable race of men, the descendants of those
who conquered England, Ireland, and Scotland,
and who have themselves never been conquered.
On this continent they have conquered the for-
ests, subdued the Indian tribes', and wrested from
England their independence. If driven to it they
will exterminate the soft, pampered,sensual,slave
aristocracy which makes up the rebel leaders.
The time is rapidly approaching when the loyal
people will say to the rebels, " We have tried to
conciliate you; we have offered you terms; you
reject them with scorn; you hate and defy us;
you refuse any terms of peace. Be it so ! We
accept the issue. We will treat you as enemies;
we will conquer you, and liberating your slaves
we will divide your lands among them, the poor
whites, and our brave soldiers. Henceforth you
are subjects, no longerto be treated as citizens."
The President does not yet say this; on the con-
trary his treatment is to-day, as it has been from
the beginning, generous, hurn&ne, and magnani-
mous, such as is becoming the head of a great
and Christian nation. He offers peace on the
conditions that the rebels submit, give up slavery,
and accept freedom. He offers the blessings of
peaceand prosperity, only requiring the surrender
of that terrible curse winch has brought upon us
and them all the horrors of this war.
,1% slavery dead?
The distinguished gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] produced a great sensation the
otherday by announcing that slavery was already
dead. 1 do not know whether we were so much
startled by the fact as that that gentleman should
be the first to announce it. Like some others who
lag far behind in the chase, he seemed determined
to be in at the death. But I am not yet willing
to admit the fact that slavery is dead. I rejoice
to know that it is m a dying condition, but it has
not yet given up the ghost. Let the ''rail-split-
tcr" of Illinois give the cursed monster a few more
vigorous blows and make its destruction certain..
Possibly the gentleman from New York might
have been playing a game familiar to western hunt-
ers; he, or the institution which he declares dead. -
might have been playing 'possum. But to assume,
a tone more becoming a subject so grave, let me
remind the gentleman from N,ew York, who ia 8
scholar, and familiar with history, lhatin the days
of Oliver Cromwell it was supposed, tfifmanehj;
was dead in England. Yfct but a few years pci.ssed
by, and Charles the Second was on the throne o#
England, and monarchy in full sway, strongs
apparently, than before the executio.n of Charles-
the First. God save our country from the return
of the slave kings! God save us from ever seed-
ing the destinies of this nation pass again into the
hands of slavemongers! Therefore I am for tak-
ing security for the futura by imracdiately abolish-
ing slavery and amending the Constitution, prohibit-
ing its existence forever in every part of the Union.
Butif slavery isindeed dead why do notits friends,
those who have stood by it in sunshine and in
storm, why do they not now pronounce its eulogy?
It was a king in the land. Itwasaruler in these
Halls, and lord paramount in yonder Executive
Mansion. If dead, where are its friends and
mourners? If your idol is dead, is it not decent
for you at least to seem to mourn ?
But, Mr. Chairman, this great revolution has
not yet ended. Would to God it were! The.
storm still rages; dangers and difficultiesstill over-"
shadow the future. Much remains to be done to
subdue the rebel armies, to maintain national
credit, to hold the loyal people united, to preserve
liberty and law, and reconstruct the edifice of con-
stitutional liberty. A task is before us, taxing to
the utmost all we have of skill and bravery in
the field, of wisdom, and integrity and patriot-
ism and statesmanship in the Cabinet, before we*
can feel that our country "hasweuthered the storm,"
and " ullis well." Our greatest danger arises from
insane' divisions among ourselves. With Lin-
coln at the helm of State, with Grant command-
ing our armies, and Chase "holding the scarcely
less difficult and responsible position at the head
of the Treasury, and a cordial union of the friends
of these great leaders and all loyal men, our suc-
cess is certain. „
the presidency.
The constitutional period'for the election of a
President approaches, and compels an answer t«
the question, who shall lead us through this fear--
ful storm to the haven of peace? Shall wachanga.
leaders while the tempest of battle is raging? No,,
say the people, with that instinctive sagacity which
has all along characterized them. They have al-
ready settled thisquestion with aunanimity nevei-
equaled since the days of Madison and Washing-
ton. From Maine to Maryland, from Minnesota
to California, from ocean to ocean, from north to
south, there is but one voice. It is emphatic,
earnest, spontaneous, unprompted; having its ori-
gin in the faith which the people every where feel
in the honesty,justice, truth,courage, patriotism,
and good sense of the President. The "sco'cf*
circulars, "organizations, and efforts of politicians
to divert or change it will be idle and useless,
Thischoice ofthe people will be ratified at the bal-
lot-box by a vote never before surpassed in una-
nimity. Why is this? It is because the people
recognize in Abraham Lincoln the apostle of lib-
erty.
lincoln the apostle of liberty.
It is his mission to restore national unity on
the basis of universal liberty. He is to lead the
people through this revolution and preserve the
old safeguard of freedom embodied in Magna
Charta and the Constitution of the United States,
When he leaves the presidential chair, in 1S69,"
we are to be one people, one nation, and every
man secured in the enjoyment of " life, liberty,
andthe pursuitofhappiness." Everyman equal
before the law. Every man enjoying liberty of
speech, the freedom of the press, trial by jury, "
and the writ of habeas corjms. Such is the grand
ideal which he is laboring practically to realize.
To accomplish this he needs the continued confix
dence, trust, and faith of the American people.
With these, by the blessing of Almighty God,
those great purposes may be realized.
Mr. Chairman, studied and persistent efforts
having been made in this Hall, in the Senate, and
elsewhere, to disparage the President, I deem it
