1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
mon^y towaid the support of the Government; and wliere-
a^ almost the only way to get men from that portion to
take black men; and wheicas for every lilaok man enlisted
in the South some man m the overburdened North may be
exempted from the draft—
it is therefore hereby declared to be the sense of this
House that the Government should use its most strenuous
efforts to piocure the voluntary enlistment of persons
claimed as slaves in the rebel territory by giving them the
full bounty and pay of other soldiers, and by guarantying
their freedom at once upon enlistment.
Mr. COX. I move to lay that resolution on
the table, unless the gentleman will allow me to
move to amend by providing for the conscription
of all black men everywhere.
The yeas and nays" being called for, they were
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Augustus O.
Baldwin, Jacob T*. l>lair, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cox, Cravens, Dawson,
DeniiHon, Eden, Edgeiton, KIdtid£;e,Eii2lifh, Fiuck/Gan-
son, Garfield, Gridoi, GriMVoJd, Hall, Hauling, Herrick,
liolman, William Johnson, Kalbfleiseh, Kernan, King,
Knapp, LAw, Lazear, Le ISlond, Lone, Mallory, IVlarcy,
McAllister, McDowell, McKuincy, William II. Miller,
James II. Morris, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Samuel
J. Randall, William H. Randall, Robinson, Rogeis, Ross,
Smith, John B. Steele, Sttoiu-e, Swoat, Tiaey, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman—Oi.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beanmn, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, Bioomall, Ambrose
W. Clark, Ficeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Creswcll, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes., Dealing, Dixon,
Ecklcy, Eliot, Farn-^worth, Fenton, Fiank, Ili«;l>y, Asahel
W. llubbard, John II. Hubbaid, Ilulhmd, Julian, Ka^on,
Fianois W. Kellogij, Orlando Kellogg. Loan, Longyear,
Lovejov, Maivm, MeBiule, MeClmg, Mooihend, Daniel
Moms, Amos Myers*, Leonard Mycn, Notion, Chatles
O'Neill, Otth, Peiham, Pike, Pnee, Alexander H. Rice,
John 11. Rice, Seoiield, Shannon, Snnthos-s Spaldmg, Ste-
vens, Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenbutch, Elihu
B. Washfomne, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Williams,
Wildei, Wil&ou, Window, and YVoodbridye—73.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table/
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question,
Mr. STEVENS said : I suggest to the gentle-
man that he allow this resolution to go to the
Commute^ on Military Affairs, where there are
aheady two or three resolutions upop the same
subject. It may be thought necessary to make
some modification of the resolution, .so as to dis-
tinguish between freemen and freedmen.
Mr. jBROOMALL. I have no objection t<3 its
being so referred.
The resolution was thereupon referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
PAYMENT TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. ANCONA submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, (onsidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs be
directed to inquire into the expediency of tojio: ting a h.H
pioviding for the payment and refundinsr tosoldicr^of ail
sum5" withheld and deducted tiom their pay toi clothing
charged to them, lo<t, or thrown away tlnou«di the exigen-
cies of the service, while on the march, or in battle, by
command ot their ofiiecis.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. 1-Jickey, its
Chief Cleik, informed the House that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (No. 35) amend-
atory of the joint resolution to supply in part
deficiencies in'the appropriations for the public
printing, and to supply deficiencies m the appro-
priations for bounties to volunteeis. &
The messagealso communicated to the Hou'&e
resolutions announcing the death ofHon. Lemuel
J. Bowden, late a Senator of the United States
from the State of Virginia.
MILITIA EXPENSES OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to reimburse the State
of Pennsylvania for expenses in calling out the
mihtiaof said State during the lecent invasion;
which was read a first and second time by Us
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union, and made the special or-
der for. to-morrow at two o'clock.
THE REBEL STATES.
Mr. STEVENS, on leave, introduced a bill to
abolish certain laws in the conquered territories ot
the confederate States, and to prescribe the terms
of their admission into the Union; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and postponed
until the second Tuesday in February.
DEATH OF SENATOR BOWDEN.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Senate communicating the proceed-
ings of that body in relation to the death of Hon.
Lemuel J. Bowden, late a Senator from the State
of Virginia.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker,
in formally announcing to you, and through you
to the House and country, the death of Senator
Bowden, of Virginia, I wish I knew more of
his private history-and public life; and but for the
fact that his own State has no representation on
this floor, I would not have consented to make
the announcement. In relation to his early his-
tory, I believe he was a descendant of one of the
ancient families inhabiting that once beautiful por-
tion ofVirginiaknown as the Northern Neck. He
was.a graduate of the college of William and
Mary, and while yet a young man he acquired
the reputation of a reliable and profound lawyer.
I first met with Mr. Bowden in the Legislature of
Virginia in 1841. He was then known as a States
rights Whig. He was very courteous, polite, and
easy in his manners, possessing in aneminentde-
gree all the social qualities that made him a safe
friend and an agreeable companion.
Mr. Bowden was a member of the convention
that assembled at Richmond in 1849 to amend the
constitution of the State. In a long and animated
struggle between the friends of the mixed and
white basis of representation, Senator Bowden,
although coming from a large slaveholdmg part
of the State, ably and boldly advocated the cause
of free and universal suffrage and equal represent-
ation. lntiiishe won for himself a most enviable
reputation throughout the western poition of the
State.
At the breaking out of the present rebellion he
resided near Williamsburg, and was possessed ol
a comfortable estate, which, if not destroyed in
the progress of the war, will leave his family in
comfortable circumstances. But by far the lidl-
est inheritance left to his children is to be found
in his unconquerable love and devotion to his
country and the Government to which he owed
his rightful allegiance. In the spring of 3861, when
treason and the reign of terror were inauguiated
in the Old Dominion, he took his stand, and while
all things around him weie bending to the stoim,
he had the courage to denounce the treason and
the traitors, and bid defiance to their threats of
personal violence. Although surrounded with
traitois and imprisoned within the lines of the
enemy, he firmly maintained his ground, and
defended his home until the army of the Potomac
sot him fiec. He hailed the biave men that took
Yorktown and Wilhamsbuig as his friends and
deliveiers, and generously divided with them his
substance
About the time our aimy returned from the
Peninsula, Mr. Bowden came to Washington,
and was suon after elected to the Senate by the
loyal Legislature then in session at the city of
Wheeling. He took his seat in the Senate on the
4th of March, 1803, and continued a member of
that body until the time of his death, which took
place in this city on .the ^d day of the present
month, after a very brief illness. The friends of
Mr. Bowden—those who knew his capacity and
habits of mdustiy best—had promised to him a
long life and a bright future. They confidently
hoped to yen lum become a useful nnd distin-
guished member of the Senate, and reflect honor
upon his native State. But all their fond hopes
have been brought to a close by death, the fell
destroyer of our race. The earthly career of Mr.
Bowden has closed, and he is gone to that invis-
ible world to which we aie all hastening, and from
which no traveler returns.
i offer the following resolutions:
I
[ Resolved, That tins Ilous-e has- received with deep •«edi-
bility the anuoum * merit of the d* ath ol lion. J-f-MfM,
J. Howdk.s. lale a Senator of the United Slates fiom the
State of Vienna.
Resolved, That In order to tcMUy their respect for the
rneinoiy of the late Hon. LhmuelJ Bowden, this House
will weai the n-ual badge of moutnina !or thuty days.
Resolved, That a?- an additional maik of icspect for the
memoiy of the dt'eea^ed, the llous-e du now adjourn.
The resolutions were agreed to: and thereupon
(at ten minutes pasttwo o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 12, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.-Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, m obedience to law, a statement of the ap-
propriations applicable to-the service of the War
Department for the fiscal year 1862-63, and the
amounts drawn from the Treasury during that
year; which was ordered to lid on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of January 5,1864, a re-
port of Brigadier General Totten, Chief of En-
gineers and Inspector of the Military Academy at
West Point,giving information in relation to the
cadets appointed to the Military Academy during
the year 1863; which, on motion of Mr. Grimes,
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
of the Secretary of War in answer to a resolution
of December 23, 1863, calling for the names of
major and brigadier generals who are without
commands equal to a brigade; which, on motion
of Mr. Trumbull, was ordered to be printed and
to he on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a message of the
President of the United States in answer to the
resolutions of the Senate of the 16th of Decern- .
her, 1863, desiring information in relation to the
alleged exceptional treatment of Kansas troops
when captured by those in rebellion, transmitting
a communication from the Secretary of War, ac-
companied by reports from the General-in-Chief
of the Army, and the Commissary General of
Prisoners, relative to the subject-matter of the
resolutions; which, on motion ofMr. Wilson,
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs-and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of acting
assistant surgeons m tl*u service of the -United
Suites, pmying. that they may be exempted from
militaiy duty as soldiers in any draft or requisi-
tion to'be made; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and theMiiitia.
Mr. WILSON pie&ented the petition of F. W.
Lincoln, jr., mayor, and eleven hundred and
eighty-one merchant sand citizens of Boston, Mas-
sachusetts, praying for a uniform ambulance sys-
tem for the armies of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial from chaplains
of the United States Army, praying that they
may be placed, relatively, on an equal footing
with other officers, when sick, wounded,or killed
in the service of their country; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and theMi-
iitia.
Hp also presented a petition of soldiers who vol-
unteered and enlisted into the service of the Uni-
ted States for the period of nine months, praying
that they may be allowed a bounty of twenty-
five dollars; winch was referied to the Committee
on Claims.
Tie also presented the petition of Charles W.
Denison, of Hyde Park, Massachusetts, praying
to be reimbursed for expenses incurred on a mis-
sion to England; which was referred to the Com-
mittor on Claims.
He also presented the] petition of Ben jam in Dodge
and others, citizens of Chelsea, Massachusetts,
praying for the establishment of a uniform ambu-
lance and hospital system for the armies of the
United States; which was referred to thu Com-
mittee on Military Affaiis and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of the
" Chicago Workingmen's Association," of Chi-
cago, Illinois, praying that the enrollment Jaw
may he so amended as to make it ?s little oppress-
ive upon the people as possible; which^ was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of the
Yearly Meeting ofFriendsofNew England, pray-
ing for exemption from military duty, which was
referred to the Committee on Mili'arv A fmus and
the Militm.
