1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
%ork [Mr. Steele] was upon the floor when the
morning hour expired, when the bill was last un-
der consideration. The gentleman from Indiana
will be entitled to resume the floor when the gen-
tleman from New York concludes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thegentle-
man from Indiana informed me that he expected
to resume the floor and make a speech this even-
ing.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. ' I do not desire
to occupy the floor. I will yield it to the chairman
of theselect committee, thegentlemanfromPenn-
svlvania, (Mr. Stevens.]
' The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
diaw the motion to reconsider?
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I do not desire
to move it now.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
pending.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Then I with-
draw it.  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us wait
until the gentleman from Indiana submits his re-
marks, and then I hope to have the floor for a few
minutes.
The SPEAKER. The right of the gentleman
from Indiana will be reserved, and other gentle-
men can speak until he comcs in.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 should like to make a brief
statement about this matter.
Mr. STEVENS. As there are several amend-
ments to be proposed !o this bill, I should like to
get the one now ppnding out of t^ie way.
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Theamend-
ment is an important one, and will have to be
voted upon, and there is no quorum here now.
Mr. WILSON. When this bill was up the
other day the gentleman from Illinois suggested'
that it be postponed till to-night, in order that he
might liave an opportunity to piepare himself to
make a speech on it. Why cannot he make his
remarks now. as well us atany other time ? Why
wait until the gentleman from Indiana comes in?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to take the place of the gentleman from In-
diana. He will be here in a few moments. I
move that there be a call of the House.
Mr. PR.UYN. If the gentleman will waive
that motion, I should like to make a remark or
two.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. PRUYN. I beg to ask the present posi-
tion of this questioti. What is the pending
amendment ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] which the
Clerk will report.
The Cleik lead the amendment, as follows:
Add itt the end of section fifteen the following :
And said load iliall he a public highway, and t-halltrans-
port the piopony and tioops of the United States, when the
trun«poitiUt<m thereof shall be luqiured,tree ul tolls or
other charges.
Mr PRUYN. I understand that it is proposed
to offer to this bill several other amendments of
an important nature, and it may perhaps be
well at this stage of the discussion to inquire of
the chairman of the committee what disposition,
if any, is intended to be made in this House of
the Senate bill which has come in here. Is it in-
tended to act upon that bill and amend it and send
it back to the Senate, or are we to pass a new bill
and send that up to the Senate?
Mr. STEVENS. This is the bill originally
reported by the committee, and which was recom-
mitted to the committee with liberty to report at
any time. That is the way we got an opportu-
nity of reporting it back. The Senate bill was
referred to the committee but that committee will
have no right to report it unsil it is called again;
and, in my judgment, and such is the judgment
of others, the committee will not be called again
this session. It will therefore be impossible for
us to report back that bill. We have had no op-
portunity to report it so far, and we shall have
none hereafter unless we are called again.
Mr. PR.UYN. Then the Senate will have to
act upon a new bill, and notuponamendments to
their own bill.
Mr. STEVENS. That is so.
Mr. PRUYN. I think it is desirable, before
further action is had on this bill, that all amend-
ments of an important character which are to be
offeied should be presented to the House and
placed before it, so that gentlemen may know
what shape the matter will probablyNassume, and
be prepared to discuss it accordingly. There is
one cardinal question in the outset which the
House is called upon to determine, and that is by
what agency this road shall be built. The com-
pany chartered in 1862 was authorized to com-
mence operations whenever $2,000,000 should
have been subscribed and ten per cent, or §200,000
paid in on that amount.
The grant by the Government in aid of the
work is divisible into two parts; in the firstplace,
the right of way over the whole territory of the
United States, wherever the Government still
holds land, and a large land grant to the company
in addition; and secondly, and which is the most
important present aid.alaige issue of Govern-
ment bonds, which the company are to receive
and sell for the purpose of enabling them to build
the road, I do not recollect what these bonds
would amount to, but I think it is entirely safe to
estimate them at $100,000,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ninety-five
million and eighty-eight thousand dollars.
Mr. STEVENS. The sum is to be $16,000 a
mile to the foot of the Rocky mountains, then
§48,000 a mile for one hundred and fifty miles,
then $32,000 a mile to the base of the Nevada
mountains, then $48,0130 a mile for one hundred
and fifty miles, and then $15,000 a mile until
they reach San Francisco; not exceeding in all
poo,poo,000.
Mr. PRUYN. Substantially then the state of
the case is this: that m consideration of'$2,000,000
subscribed by individuals, of which ten per cent,
has been paid, the Government of the United
States gives the right of way and makes a large
land grant in aid of this road, and then gives it
§100,000,000 in addition. Now, it will be ob-
served in order to secure the faithful application
of this fund as far as these individuals are con-
cerned, looking at it ill that point of vie wand with-
out leference to who the individuals are, and
taking it for granted, if you1 please, that the fund
will all be rightly and fairly appropriated, they
contnbute two per cent, only of the money, and
no part, of course, of the real estate. If we con-
sider the whole as an investmentof $150,000,000,
it would be a contribution of one and a half per
cent., or at $200,000,000 but one per cent, on the
part of the company which undertakes to build
this road, towaid its construction.
In other words, the Government in fact build
the road, and ought to control or own it, and then
no land grant could be called for. The Govern-
ment is the party to be responsible for this outlay
when once commenced; and when you begin it
you must go through with it, cost what it may,
or otherwise lose what you put in. No company
can be expected to opeiate it at a loss.
I beheve there is but one opinion—at any rate
but little difference of opinion—in this House as
to the very great iinpoitance of this work, and
the importance of constructing it without delay,
and in the very best manner. I have looked at
it for many years with very deep interest as the
great thing to be done to bind together the two
extremes of our count'y. I wish it had been
commenced years ago, and it would now have
been near completion.
But the question now comes before us to be set-
tled probably at this time, what agency shall we
employ which will be the most effective to con-
struct this great work? It is very important as
we all know in regard to every enterprise of this
kind that it should start right.
The present company has done I believe very
little or nothing toward constructing the road.
It was not expected when the organization took
place that much could be done before this. It
was understood quite generally by subscribers to
the stock that they were then only to pay in their
ten per cent, ill order to secure the charter as the
time limited by the act of Congress was about to
expire, and that the company should do nothing
in the way of constructing the road, and should
expend nothing that they could possibly avoid,
except for the purpose of maps and suiveys until
Congress should meet, it being admitted on all
sides that very importantamendments were need-
ed to the charter.
In the shape in which it flow stands Itis virtu-
ally admitted by th'e company—and I have' tio
doubt it is true—that the company cannot g& on
and construct this road with the grant in bonds
made by the act of 1863. Now,'hO'w stia'II we
proceed ? Shall we hand this over to gentlemen
who contribute one or two percent.of thft.amount,
with whose appointment we have nothing to tfo,
over whom we have no control except' in 9' very
indirect way; shall we hand over this great pub-
lic work with the large grant attached to it "to
such a body of men—I care not how wealthy or
respectable or influential -they may be—or shall
we at once in some plain, direct, and efficient
"manner take charge of it ourselves?
I believe I hazard very little in saying, from
conversations with some of the leading men of
the country who have taken an interest in this
matter, that a board might be organized by the •
Government, consisting of five, seven, or nine
individuals of experience, character, and posi-
tion, who would, in view of the great public
benefits to be conferred by that work, undertake
to supervise its construction without any pay.
If such a board can be procured, it will work
more efficiently, more thoroughly, and more act-
ively than any other organization, at any rate
more satisfactorily than any corporate organiza-
tion such as that which now exists.
It is my purpose, Mr. Spealcer, for these rea-
sons briefly stated, with a view oftesting the sense
of the House as to what the future of this enter-
prise shall be, how itshall be managed, controlled,
and conducted, to offer an amendment to the bill
of the character I have suggested. If sueh an
amendment shall be adopted, if the House shall
determine that this public work shall be construct-
ed by aboardofcommissionerstobeappomted by
the Government, I expect them to move that the
bill be referred back to the committee for the pur-
pose of framing it in accordance with the princi-
ple thus determined upon. Ihavenotundertaken
the labor—for it would be a considerable one—of
framing a bill, with all the detail necessary to
carry out this principle—wishing the House first *
to determine whether it will adopt it. If adopted
we can very easily frame a bill accordingly.
There is another branch of the matter to which
I will refer.. If the House shall determine not to
adopt this principle but to undertake to amend the
charter of the existing company, and give it ad-
ditional powers and additional grants, it strikes
me that some amendment should be made to the
piesent bill with a view of controlling the action
of the directors and the future of the company
more thoroughly than has been done in the bill be-
fore us. 1 believe I am quite at liberty to state
that in these views lam sustained by a number of
gentlemen on this floor who have looked at the
matter with some care, including those from Cal-
ifornia. Indeed I may say that at their request I
have prepared amendments to this bill calculated
—if the principle I have first suggested to the
House be not adopted—to carry out the views
which I will now very briefly state.
In the first place the present charter, and, I be-
lieve, the amendment before us, contemplate that
the President of the United States shall fix upon
the termini of the road, the eastern end commen-
cing at the one hundredth degree of longitude and
terminating at the western end by a connection
with the California road.
Now, in the long line of country which this
road is to traverse, some sixteen hundred miles,
there may be great difference of opinion as to the
route which the road ought to pursue. I shall
therefore propose an amendment that the Presi-
dent of the United States shall not only fix the
termini of the road, but that the maps and sur-
veys of the line shall be submitted to him, and
that with the aid and advice of competent engi-
neers he shall fix and determine the whole route
or line of the road.
In the next place I am not aware that there has
been, and from what has been said I infer there
has not been any statement submitted to the spe-
cial committee showing what this company haa
thus far done, or whether contracts have been ■
made-for the construction of the road, for the
purchase ofiron, for equipment, or for any other
or what purpose. I know nothing of the mattei,
and have no information in regard to it; but 1
think it is quite possible that nothing of any im-
