1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
a dutv,aml it is a privilege, to present briefly and
aft cieaily, candidly, and truthfully as--] am able,
the reasons why the President should continue to
enjoy that trust and confidence which has hith-
erto enabled him to accomplish so much, to ad-
vance so far in these great purposes, and to show
why all the friends of national unity and those
who idolize liberty should have faith in the Pres-
ident. The public life of Mr. Lincoln may be
said to have commenced in June, 1856, when he
made the memorable speech at Springfield, an-
nouncing, in words that arrested the attention of
the nation, the antagonism between liberty and
slavery. From that hour he become the apostle
of freedom. Prom thatday his life lias been con-
secrated to one great purpose, that of freeing his
country from African slavery. There is not m all
history a more striking exhibition of the wonder-
ful, almost miraculous influence of a great truth,
uttered at the right moment, than this. It has
been, as I have said, publicly announced on the
floor of Congress that slavery is dead. If so,
Abraham Lincoln, with the sling and stone of
truth, has slain the monster.
I said that Mr. Lincoln's public life commenced
with his-memorable speech at Springfield, June,
1856.
HIS TRAINING.
Let us see what had been his previous training
for his great work. It was not the training of the
schools; it was better. It was a struggle with dif-
ficulties among the people. He had the found-
ation of perfect integrity, truth, candor, sob) lety,
self-contiol, self-reliance, modesty. "With clear
judgment, sound common sense, shrewd knowl-
edge of human nature, he is the most American of
Americans. He had served a single term in Con-
gress, but his education, his preparation, was
among the people, in humble and homely posi-
tions; a flatboatman, a rail-splitter, a surveyor,
a member of the Legislature in a frontier.State,
a lawyer in the log court-houses of the "West.
"While he had no university schooling, few, if any,
have had a better training to develop and strength-
en their intellectual powers than he. This may
seem strange, but let rue explain, and its truth
will, I think, be conceded, lie waM trained at the
bar in a school where giants were his competitors,
and he bore oil'the crown.
WHO WE MS HIS COMPETITORS?
Some twenty years ago, there gathered around
the plum june tables of the fiontier court-houses
of centra! Illinois a very retnai knhle combination
of men. Anion*; them, and concededly thnrlead-
er, was Abraham Lincoln; Stephen A, Douglas,
his greatpohtiral rival; Lyman Trumbull, chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate;
E. D. Baker, the able, the eloquent Senator, sol-
dier, and martyr to liberty; General Janu s Shields,
who won a high reputation at Washington, and
on the battle-fields of Mexico; General John J.
Hardin, fin able and eloquent lawyer, who fell
on the bloody field of Buena Vista; James A. Mc-
Dougall, the present Senator fiom California;
Wilham A. Richardson, present Senator from
Illinois; and General John A. MeClei nand, now
in the field. Divides ihese was the late Governor
IjisKell, whose manly vindication of the braveiy
of the Illinois volunteers in Mexico against the
aspersions of Jefferson Davis, will be well remem-
beied—a vindication which resulted in aehallen^e
from the tiaitor Davis, which was accepted by
Ihxsell, but from which Davis backed down, it is
said, under (he advice of General Taylor. These
men, of national reputation, and others equally
able, but whose puisuits ha^e been confined at
home, were the competitors with Lincoln. These
were the men in touted with whom Abraham
Lincoln was trained for the tumble oideal thi ough
which he is passing.
CONTEST B K rWEflX" LINCOLN AND DOUGLAS.
The contest between Lincoln and Douglas, in
ib5G, was the most iemarkabh: in American his-
tory. They wei e the acknowledged leader*, each
of his party; both men of great and marked in-
dividuality of charactei. Thepnze was the Sen-
atorship of the great State of Jlimois, arid the
success of the Republican or Democratic party.
Douglas had the additional stimulant of the Pres-
idency in view. These two trained leaders met,
at designated places, and in the presence of im-
mense crowds of people debated the great ques-
tions at issue.
Douglas went through this campaign like a
conquering hero. He had his special tram of cars,
his band of music, his body-guard of devoted
friends, a cannon carried on the train, the firing
from which announced his approach to the place
of meeting. Such a canvass involved, necessarily,
very large expenditures, and it has been said that
Douglas did not expend less than $50,000 in this
canvass. Some idea of the plain, simple, fiugal
habits of Mr. Lincoln may be gathered, when I
tell you that at its close, having occupied several
months, Mr. Lincoln said, with the idea, appar-
ently'that he had been somewhat extravagant,
" I do not believe 1 have spent a cent less than
§500 in this canvass.'*
Senator Douglas was at that time the leading
debater in the United States Senate. Pie lmd been
accustomed to meet for years in Congress the
trained leaders of the nation, and never, either in
single combat or taking the fire of a whole party,
had he been discomfited. Pie was bold, defiant,
confident, aggressive; fertile in resources, terrible
in denunciation, familiar with political history,
practiced in all controversial discussion, of in-
domitable physical and moral courage, and un-
questionably the most formidable man in the na-
tion on the stump. The friends of Mr. Lincoln
were not without misgivings when the challenge
was given and accepted for a campaign with Doug-
las, on the stump. Mr. Lincoln was cool, can- ;
did, truthful, logical, never bctiayed into an un-
fair statement; and it was wonderful how, in these
discussions, as in every other act of his public
life, he has impressed the people with hi^honosty
and fairness. Every hearer of these debates went
away with the conviction, whatever his political
views, "Lincoln believes what he says; heiscan-
did, and he would not misstate a fact or take an
unfair advantage to secure a triumph." Pie had
one advantage over Douglas. lie was always
good-humored lie had always his aptstoiy for
illustration, and while Douglas was sometimes
irritable and would lose his temper, Lincoln never
lost his. Douglas carried away the most popular
applause, but Lincoln made the deeper and more
lasting impression. Douglas did not disdain an
immediate triumph, while Lincoln looked to per-
manent conviction. Douglas addressed the feel-
ings and prejudices with a power and adroitness
neversurpassed. Lincoln stated his propositions
and proved their truth with irresistible logic.
Douglas canied the majority of the Legislature
of Illinois, but Lincoln had the inajoiity of the
popular voto. Douglas .secured the Senatoivship,
and L-u< oln gained the Presidency. The won-
dei ful endurance of these men, both of iron con-
stitutions, was strikingly manifest during this
contest, but at its close, Douglas could not ar-
ticulate cieaily for some w.eeks, while Lincoln's
voice was clearer, stronger, and he himself was
in better health at the end than he was at the be-
ginning of the contest. The Iriends of each of
these gieat leadeis claimed the victory. All nuiht
admit that each met in his antagonist a foeman
worthy of his steel.
The nomination of Mr. Lincoln to the Presi-
dency came to 1mm unsought and unsolicited. The
great leadei a of national parties stiuggled by their
powerful friends and organizations for the nom-
ination at Chicago. Mr. Lincoln remained quietly
at his home m Springfield, pursuing the usual
course of his quiet, simple life, and the Presi-
dency sought him*,' he did not go after nor seek
it. Many have seen m the manner in which he
was called to the Executive Mansion the finger
of Providence.
LINCOLN LluAUKG HOME FOIt WASHINGTON.
I need not recall the dark and threatening as-
pect of affairs in the winter of I860—6J: a long-
planned, deep-laid conspiracy, about to break
upon the land, with all the horrors of civil war.
Patriots saw the tornado coming, saw the tiaitois
plotting and planning the destruction of the Gov-
ernment, disarming, plundering it, binding it, pre-
paring it to fall an easy victim into the hands of
traitors, and yet had no means to resist, because
all its machinery was in the hands of traitors.
How impatiently and fearfully they waited for
the 4th of March all will remember. The Presi-
dent-elect felt the oppressive weight of responsi-
bility resting upon him. There is not a more
simple, touching, and beautful speech in the Eng-
lish language than that which he uttered to his
neighbors from the platform of the rail-car on
bidding good-by to his home to enter upon the
duties of the Presidenty:
" For more than twonty-fivo years I Jinve lived among
you, and during all that time I have received nothing but
kindness at your handd. Heic the mobt cheushed ties of
earth were assumed. Ileie my children were born, and
here one of them lies buned.
" To you. my friends, I owe all that I have, all that I
am. All the st'iangc, checkered pa-*t seems to crowd now
upon my mind. To-day I leave you. 1 go to assume a
task more difficult than that winch devolved upon General
Washington. Unless the great God who assisted lnm shall
he with and aid me, i cannot prevail; hut if the same Om-
niscient mind and the same Almighty arm that directed
and protected him shall guide and support nfe, £ shall not
fail; I shall succeed. Let u* pray that the God of our fathers
may not lors-ake us now. To Himl commend you all. Per-
mit me to a*k that, with equal sincerity and faitlr, you will
all invoke His wisdom and guidance for me."
The feeling of the people was impressively ex-
hibited by the mottoes on the banners which they
extended acioss the streets through which he
passed on his way to the capital. ii We will pray
for you" was often the significant motto.
LINCOLN'S INAUGURATION.
No so impressive an inauguration as thatof Mr.
Lincoln has occurred since the inauguration of
Washington. He had been threatened with as-
sassination, and the rebels had"intend ?d his mur-
der as he passed through Baltimore. On his ar-
rival hero he found the public officcs filled with
traitors. Strange as it may seem, the rebel Gen-
erals Lee, and Joe and Albert Joh nston,andEwell
and Hill, Stuart and Magruder, Pemberton and
Winder, held in March and April, 1861, leading
positions in our Army. Traitors were every-
where. The citizensof Washington were, a large
portion of them, in sympathy with the rebels.
Secession had been preceded by secretconspiracy,
concocted by those holding the highest official
trusts. It had been vailed by perjured profes-
sions of loyalty. On Mr. Lincoln's arrival here
these were the men he found in all the public offi-
ces, and he was encircled on every-*side by spies
j and traitors. None who witnessed it will ever
forget the scene of that inauguration. Standing
on the eastern front of the Capitol, the judges of
the Supreme Court, the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, the high officers of the Army and
Navy around him, a mingled crowd of tuutors
and patriots, with many an eye looking search-
ingly into hin neighbor's to learn whether hegazed
upon a traitor or a friend; standing there amid
! scowlingenemies with murdei and tieason in their
I heaits, Lincoln was cool and determined. He
j read his inaugural with a voice clear and distinct
: enough to be heard by twice ten thousand people.
| When witli leveientlook he swore by the eternal
| God that he would faithfully "preserve, proltct>
■ and defend^ the Constitution, hisgreatrivalDoug-
! las stood, not by accident, at his side. Douglau
knew, perhaps better than the Piesident himself,
the dangers and difficulties which surrounded him.
He wag observed to whisper in the ear of Mr.
Lincoln, and I believe gave to the President the
assurance that in the dark and difficult future he
would stand by him and give him his utmost aid
m upholding the Constitution and crushing trea-
son and jebellion. Nobly did Douglas redeem
that pledge. After the lebel attack on Sumter,
he boldly made the well-known declaration that
there could now be but two parties, patriots and
traitors. Had he lived he would have sustained
the Piesident with all the vigor and energy pecu-
| liar to his character.
REMARKABLE PREDICTION OP DOUGLAS.
Here 1 will pause a moment to state a most re-
markable prediction made by Douglas in January,
1861. The statement is furnished to me by Gen-
eral C. B. Stuart, of New York, a gentleman of
: the highest respectability. Douglas was asked by
; Colonel Stuart, (who was making a New Year's
I call on Mr. Douglas,) " What will be the result
; of the effoi ts of Jefferson Davis and his associates
| to divide theUnion r" Douglas replied,Thecot-
| tftn States are making an effort to draw in the bor-
j tier States to their schemes of secession, and I am
too fearful they will succeed. If they do succeed,
there will be the most terrible civil war the world
has ever seen, lasting for years. Virginia will be-
come a charnel-house; but the end will be the
triumph of the Union cause. One of their first
efforts will be to take possession of this capital
to give them prestige abroad, but they will never
succeed in taking it; the North will rise en masse
