1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
to defand it; but it will become a city of hospi-
tals; the churches-will be used for the sick and
wounded;and even this house and the Minnesota
block (now the Douglas Hospital) may be devoted
to that purpose before the end of the war." Gen-
eral Stuart inquired," What justification is there
for all this?" Douglas replied, " There is no jus-
tification nor any pretense of any. If they will
remain in the Union I will go as far as the Con-
stitution will permit to maintain their just rights,
and I do not doubt but a majority of Congress
will do the same. But," said he, rising on his
feet and extending his arm, " if the southern States
attempt to secede from this Union without fur-
ther cause, I am in favor of their having just so
many slaves, and just so much slave territory, as
they can hold at the point of the bayonet, and no
more."
On the 4th of March thereafter, surrounded by
spies ayd traitors, the Treasury robbed, the Army
and Navy dispersed, knowing scarcely whom to
trust, the President took possession of the White
House and entered upon his duties. On one side
the capital was Virginia, with her disloyal militia
guarding the long bridge, ripe for revolt, and
ready from the heights of Arlington and the Po-
tomac to bombard the capital. Between it and
the loyal States lay Maryland, ready to rise in
arms the moment the rebel flag was unfurled; nay,
not waiting for this, but rising and burning bridges,
tearing up railways, and murdering Union sol-
diers on their way to defend Washington. The
seat of Government was thus isolated m the midst
of a hostile people. Congress had adjourned, and
the fate of the nation and of liberty'rested upon
the President. He was-equal to the occasion. He
was wise as he was firm. He saved the capital
and he preserved the nation. Contra«t the con-
dition of our country then andnow, with more
than half the territory then in rebellion reclaimed,
and deny if you can that Abraham Lincoln has
high administrative powers. It has been well said
ef him in view of his administration, remember-
ing the past and looking to the future, " the peo-
ple know the necessities of the hour and appreci-
ate the man who is at the helm. They trust him."
" By masterly action and by masterly inaction,
this sage and hero from the backwoods has com-
manded the entne confidence of agreat people, of
a people the most intellectual and forcible upon
earth."
It is not my purpose to speak in detail of the
acts of this Administration. There are a few gen-
eral considerations in regard to it to which I ask
the candid consideration of the country.
First, our foreign relations few will deny have
been managed with ability and .success through
a period of extreme difficulty and danger. What-
ever exception and criticism may justly be made
upon particular dispatches, the result has been
peaceand non-intervention, and thus far the coun-
try is satisfied that a cool, wise, and sagacious
head is at the helm. The Government has been
so administcied as to secure the substantial union
and harmony of the loyal people of all parties.
This has been done amid all the passionate ex-
cisemen t and turbulent feeling growing out of civil
war. It has been accomplished during a period
in which the President has necessarily exercised
the extraordinary power of summary arrests, sus-
pension of the habeas corpus, and the suppression
of disloyal and treasonable publications by mili-
tary power; all of them acts which could not but
receive the most searching scrutiny of a people
like ours, so jealous of their liberties. Yet the
great mass of the people have felt perfect confi-
dence in the integrity and patriotism and prudcnce
of the Executive, and rested easy with the full
faith that he would exercise those high powers
only to secure the life of the nation. Who ofall
our statesmen could have exeicised these extraor-
dinary powers and created so little uneasiness
and distrust? However others have doubted and
hesitated, Mr. Lincoln's faith in the success of
our cause has never been shaken. He has been
radical in all that concerns slavery, and conserv-
ative in all that relates to liberty.
His course upon the slavery question has shown
his love of freedom, hissagacity, and his wisdom.
From the beginning,he has believed that the re-
beilion would dig the grave of slavery. He has
allowed the suicide of slavery to be consummated
by the slaveholders themselves. Many have
blamed him for going too fast in his auti-slavery !
measures; more, I think, have blamed him for
going too slow, of which I have beep one. ■ His-
tory will perhaps give him credit for acting with
great and wise discretion. ■ The calm, intelligent,
philosophic abolitionists of the Old World, un-
influenced by the passions which surround and
color our judgments, send across the ocean con'
gratulation and admiration on the success and wis
domof his course. The three leading features of
his Administration on the subject of slavery are
1. His proclamation of emancipation.
2. The emplpyment of negroes as soldiers.
3. The amnesty proclamation, making liberty
the corner-stone of reconstruction.
The emancipation proclamation will live in his'
tory as one of those great events which measure
the advance of the world. The historian will rank
it alongside witlv.the acquisition of Magi i Charta
and the Declaration of Independence. This great
State paper was issued after the most careful and
anxious reflection, and concludes with these sol-
emn words:
"And upon this act, sincerely believed to be an act of
justice, warranted by tbe Constitution ami military neces-
sity, I invoke the considerate judgment of mankind and
tile gracious favor of Almighty God."
The considerate judgment of mankind, on both
sides of the ocean, has already approved it, and
God has seemed to favor it with a series of victo-
ries to our arms never witnessed before its issue
—a series of victories for which we are more in-
debted to the President than to any other man.
The country will not forget the tenacious ad-
herence of the President to Grant when nearly all
seemed to desert him. True, this traitin hischar-
acter, this pertinacious adherence to those he
trusts, was, I think, carried too far in the long
continuance in the service of the hero of the Chick -
ahominy. The President could not convert the
hero of the Chickahominy into the hero of the
Mississippi; but this same characteristic, if it
lesulted in many reverses to the army of the Poto-
mac, has gi ven us V icksbuig and Lookout Mount-
ain, and will, I trust, ere long, secure our com-
plete triumph over the rebel armies.
But to return to the proclamation. It has been
objected to this proclamation that it did not em-
brace all the territory in rebellion. For myself,
I have always regretted that it did not include all
the States in revolt. But I believe the truth is,
this was the result of the advice of the loyal men
of the border States. Fof instance, I believe that
the man most influential in preventing the great
State of Tennessee from being designated in this
paper was the patriot and statesman Andrew
Johnson; and I believe to-day he regrets more
than any other man that it was left out. Yet who
will blamo the President for listening with defer-
ence to the advice of Andrew Johnson in regard
to Tennessee ?
The employment of negro soldiers needs to-day
no vindication. All sanction and approve it,and
they themselves are gallantly fighting their way
to the favor of the country.
The amnesty proclamation, although assailed
by essayists and politicians, is working out prac-
tically its own vindication. Hundreds of rebel
soldiers are daily bringing in and laying down
their arms. In the West it is dissolving the rebel
armies. Under its influence, Louisiana, Tennes-
see, and Arkansas will soon return as free States.
The day that sees these States again in the Union
as free, loyal States, will see the beginning of
the end of this rebellion. Under the influence of
this proclamation, with such changes as experi-
ence may suggest or as Congress may establish
or sanction, we may hope to see the rebel terri-
tory all restored, and our great country redeemed
from the curse of slavery. Our duty as a loyal
people may be expressed in four words, for three
of which I have to thank my friend from Maine,
[Mr. Pike.] Wc must unite, fight, tax, and eman-
cipate.
But let us not disguise from ourselves that the
coming year is one full of peril. The danger is
not all in the direction from which it is most ap-
piehended. A nation without a Government is, as
Alexander Hamilton said, " an awful spectacle."
There are dangerous elements jn our midst, and
a piesidential election in the midst of a civil war
will try the capacity of the people for self-gov-
ernment as it has never been tried before. We
are in the midst of rushing torrents of opinion
and passion dangerous and difficult to control.
We are tossing on the billows of a raging sea.
Anxiousfriends of liberty are everywhere asking,
will the great American Republic strand for want
of order and rule? Confidence in our Success has
been continually increasing. Is it' wise to change
our leader in the midst of this storm, anil while
u c j ^0! *s a''1Y^r^nS the honesty, thojustice,
the_ hdelity, and the wisdom of that leader? No';
rather let us give no indications of weakness or
division among ourselves, but uniting, all, for
our country and for liberty, let us rally-around
the pilot who has thus far guided us in safety.
In response to the cry that comes from the rebels
at Richmond, " Jlmjbody but Lincoln," let us re-
ply, " Nobody but Lincoln! " until liberty tri-
umphs and national unity is restored.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Chairman, on the first
day of the present session of Congress I gave
notice of my intention to introduce a joint resolu-
tion submitting to the Legislatures of the several
States a proposition to amend the Constitution of
the United States. On a subsequent day, in pur-
suance of the police thus given, I introduced and
had referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
the following joint resolution:
Be it resotvert I>y the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of Jlmerieain Congress assembled, (two
thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the following arti-
cle be proposed to tile Legislatures of the several Btates'as
an amendment to the Constitution of tiie Unifced Stntes,
which, when ratified by three fourths of said Legislatures,
s>liall be valid, to ali intents and purposes, as a part of sai4
Constitution, namely:
Article XIII.
Sec. 1. Slavery, being incompatible with a free Govern-
ment, is forever prohibited in the United States; and ill-
voluntary servitude shall be permitted only as a punishment
for crime.
Sec. 2. Congress shah have power to enforce the fore-
going section of this article by appropriate legislation.
I am well aware, sir, that a proposition in the
Congress of the United States to so amend the
Constitution of the Republic as to weaken or de-
stroy slavery is a novel thing. With bills, resolu-
tions, and propositions to amend the Constitution
to more firmly establish, extend; and perpetuate
slavery the country has been perfectly familiar.
It was long the custom in this body, whenever
slavery became excited and angry, to try to
appease its wrath by offering it some new hold on
the life of the nation, some greater advantage over
free government and human liberty. When sla-
very cried "Give, give," by force of habit and
loss of conscience we always responded by offer-
ing more than it demanded of us. We were the
slaves of the slave power.
When slavery became a political power, and
held in its hands the rewards which ambition
covets, the nation became its most cringing, fawn-
ing, stupidly debased slave; and a most cruel task-
master it proved. Its political career was an in-
cessant, unrelenting, aggressive warfare upon the
principlesof the Government, the objects for which
the Constitution was ordained, the rights of the
people, the development of national resources, the
advancement of education, the establishment of
public morals, and the purity of religion. It
touched everything, defiled everything. And wo
submitted quietly, tamely, cowardly, while the
work of destruction and death was carried on by
this insatiable enemy of all that is lovely, desir-
able, just, and sacred. No political power, whether
found in republics or despotisms, ever wielded so
baneful'an influence on the affairs of nations or
men as the one to which we so passively submit-
ted, and under whose shadow w£ so fearfully
dwarfed. Its progress was a constant, crushing
dead march over everything which stood in the
way of its own aggrandizement; and everything
desirable to a free people stood in its way. The
nation grew stupid under the manipulations of
slavery, and seemed to know but little, and to care
less, of the danger which threatened the free in-
stitutions of the country with destruction.
The public opinion now existing in this country
in opposition to this power is the result of slavery
overleaping itself, rather than of the determina-
tion of freemen to form it. But, however formed,
thank God it is formed, ancl is our priceless pos-
session of real, active, national life, never to be
surrendered. We must hold all we have gained,
and add to the strength of public opinion by dar-
ing to do our duty as if in the immediate presence
of Him who directs the destinies of nations. Wo
