2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9.
banking corporation shall reduce the amount of
its notes, bills, or certificates in circulation as
money to the amount of its cash capital actually
paid m,and   percent,added thereto. There-
fore a bank in the State of New York whose cir-
culation is secured by the deposit of State or Uni-
ted States securities must reduce its circulation
to its cash capital, while another bank that has
no security whatever, that deposits no stock as
the basis of its issues, may go on and issue notes
to the full amount of its capital stock, without
regard to the question of security. There is noth-
ing; in this second section that requires these
bankers to secuie their outstanding circulation
with United States stocks. Not only that, but
they can issue o.r keep out under the provisions
of the section notes to the amountof their capital
stock paid in, whether their notes arc secured or
not, and they can issue more, provided only they
will secure the excessive issue by a deposit of
United Slates stocks.
Such a provision as this would be simply ab-
surd. Its adoption would not only be a violation
of the Constitution, the exercise of a power that
no gentleman it seems to me can claim as dele-
gated to Congress, butit would be an absolute de-
feat of this bill. Sir, if Senators are not satisfied
with the bill or with the general system, let them
defeat it directly. If they desire to propose
amendments to peifcct it, I shall not complain.
After those amendments are all considered and
acted upon, and the bill is made as perfcct as we
can make it, it will be time for us to discuss the
merits of the bill, and I may then have occasion
to make some reply to the observations submitted
by the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson]
on Friday, but not till then.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Ohio objects to the amendment, first,
that it contains in its first section a provision to
repeal all the bank chartorsgrantedunderthelaws
of the several States. As i understand it, it con-
tains no such provision whatever. By every
bank charter in every Slate the banks are re-
quired to redeem in gold or silver on demand. It is
of the very essence of their charter, the granting of
the franchise, that they shall redeem their currency
in gold and silver, though now perhaps some of
the States may have passed special laws author-
izing the suspension of specie payments. We
have the constitutional power to declare what no
State certainly lias the power to declare; at all
events in the minds of many persons we have the
constitutional power to declare that something
but gold and silver shall be a tender in the pay-
ment of debts. No State Legislature has any
such power. We exercised that power when we
declared that our legal-tender notes should be re-
ceived in the discharge of private as well as pub-
lic obligations. Is it not within our power tore-
peal the benefit of that law m relation to any
class of banks in this country that ore swelling
the currency, that arc raising the price of gold,
threatening us with financial em ban assment and
ruin by an over issue, a redundant issue of their
paper circulation beyond theamount of their cap-
ital stock? What is the effect of my proposition
in that respect but to declare that as to them,
those banks which will go on issuinga currency
not redeemable in gold and silver, they shall not
use our Treasury notes in payment of the debts
which are due from them? That is all; it repeals
no bank charter; and I undertake to say that it
is beyond all question that we have the power to
declare that every bank in this country and every
banker who does not pay his debts in gold and
silver on demand is a bankrupt, and wo could
put him into bankruptcy and appoint a receiver
by the judge of one of our couits, and wind up
his affairs. Is there anybody who doubts it?
Does the Senator from Ohio doubt it? That is
all that is contained in that provision, and m my
judgment itis clearly within the powers expressly
delegated by the Constitution of the United States
to Congress.
But again, the Senator says that because by the
provisions of that section I would limit the or-
ganizations to he formed under this act to those
that have already been organized and have put up
their securities and have become entitled to their
circulation, I am for creating monopolies under
this act. Not at all. Eversince the law of last year-
was passed it has been an open field and fair play;
every man who had his .securities who desired to
organize an association could organize, deposit
his securities with the Comptroller, and take his
currency.
But again, the Senator contends that the other
provision of the section secures to the State banks
already existing the monopoly of the banking sys-
tem of the country under this act, and therefore
it would be unjust. Is there a man occupying a
seat in this Senate Chamber who would not from
the bottom of his heart rejoice if all the State
banks now existing should withdraw their cir-
culation at the earliest practicable moment, and
should see fit to reorganize under the provisions
of this act? We should then have a system of
banking by no means a monopoly, for it would
be a free system of banking, embracing all the
banks and bankers of the United States, and all
the men who have been engaged in the business
for years.
The Senator refers to the case of a bank atPitts-
burg, and he says we should be giving a most
unjust advantage to that bank under the opera-
tions of this section, because he says that bank
has extended its circulation to ten times the
amount of its capital. That may be so; but the
provisions of this section declare that if such a
bank is organized under this act and applies for
circulation, it shall not have circulation to exceed
the amount of its capital. As I put my pen upon
paper to draw the words of this section, I thought
of those banks that have over issued their paper
beyond their capital stock; and the idea which
presided when I drew it was to seize upon this
occasion to control them and compel them to re-
duce their circulation. I hold it to be the duty
of this Government, and to bo clearly within its
constitutional power, to seize and control and
master the currency of this country, for if there
is one thing in my opinion which was intended
by the Constitution, it was that this Federal Gov-
ernment and not the States should be the master
of the circulating medium of the Union.
The Senator says that theie is nothing in that
provision of the section which inquires those
banks that bank upon the system of New Eng-
land, that is, of paying in all their capital stock
without putting up bonds as security, to put up
securi'y. I would be very glad to incorporate
into an amendment the suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio if it could be acceptable to the members
of the Senate,and provide that such securities might
be put up, either in the stocks of the States where
they are or in the stocks of the Federal Govern-
ment, or both together. I say to the Senator from
Ohio that I care nothing about the form in which
the amendment may be made. What 1 want is
to limit the volume of paper money. 1 wish to
reduce gradually the volume of that circulation.
I wish not to make war on the State banks and
bring on a financial crash, disaster, and ruin, in-
volving it may he the credit of the Government as
well as the ciedit of individuals.
Mr. President, we have been placed in this most
anomalous position—and it is one of the dangers
of our situation—that it is for the interest of the
men who hold the stocks of the Government of the
United States to depreciate them; and why5 He-
cause they get the interest in gold, and the more
they depieciate the stocks the more stocks they
can'buy with the gold they receive, ft is a strange,
anomalous state of things, and still it is a fact, and
a fact worth consulting.
I do not see, 1 confess, the objections which
the Senator horn Ohio laises to this amendment.
I do not desire to take up the time of the Senate.
I would be glad to hear gentlemen abler than my-
self by far, consider this question in all its heal-
ings— the necessity of limiting the amount of pa-
per money, of putting a limit beyond which it
cannot go, and of reducing the paper volume. I
care not in what form it is issued, whether in
greenbacks by the Government, or in this national
currency by the national associations, or by the
State banks; 1 say it is ourduty to stop swelling
the volume and to reduce that volume. If the
Senator from Ohio can contrive the manner in
which to accomplish it, that is all 1 ask. Forms
I care not for. My amendment may not be in
'the right form. Let some other gentleman bring
forward an amendment that will accomplish the
work; stop swelling the volume, and reduce the
amount of the existing volume.
Mr. HALE. I do not know, Mr. President,
that I ought to'address the Senate at this moment
under the invocation that has been made by the
Senator from Wisconsin who wished that some
abler man than he was would do it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I concede it to the Sen-
ator.
Mr. HALE. I confess that I sympathize en-
tirely with the object which the Senator says he
has in view, a reduction of the volume of the
cunency. 1 recollect some years ago hearing a
man in one of the country towns who had just
been elected to the Legislature of one of the New
England States give his idea of what genuine
Democracy was, and he said it consisted in going
just as hard against banks as was possible'.
[Laughter.] I hardly believe that proposition.
Rut, sir, what I rose to say principally at this time
was that the proposition of the Senator frum
Wisconsin strikes me as extravagant; he will ex-
cuse me for saying so. I think that by a very
brief amendment, not near as voluminous as the
one which he has presented, he may reach his
object directly, and it would be more explicit and
more easily understood if it were put in this form:
Jlnd be it further enactcd. That all those instruments
heretofore known as State constitutions be, and tiiey are
hereby, abolished. [Laughter.]
That would reach it directly, and then there
would be no doubt that this could be done; but
as long as they stand in the way, it seems to me
that there is a little difficulty. The Senator from
Wisconsin put the query whether there wasany-
body in the Senate who doubts that Congress
have a right to enact that if banks neglect or re-
fuse to pay their obligations in gold and silver,
they should all be put into bankruptcy. I con-
fess that 1 am that unfortunate individual who
doubts exceedingly the power of Congress to do
any such thing, for the grant of power to Con-
gress on that subject is in the eighth section of
the first article of the Constitution, and the power
there given is:
" To e!-tabli>-h a uniform rule of naturalization, and uni-
form laws on tlie subject of bankruptcies."
I take it a uniform law cannot be said to be one
that singles out a particular class of individuals
or a particular class of corporations, and imposes
! upon them a duty in default of which they shall
| go into bankruptcy, while it leaves toother indi-
viduals and other corporations the power to go on
without any such restriction. I apprehend that
if Congress should undertake to say that all banks
that do not redeem in gold and silver should go
into bankruptcy, and leave insurance companies
or any other companies the privilege of paying
their debts in a depreciated paper currency, it
would not be such a uniform law on the subject
of bankruptcy as was intended by the Constitu-
tion. The Constitution intended by " a uniform
law oil the subjectof bankruptcies" one that would
operate upon all individuals, upon all classes, and
upon all corporations; and it did not mean when
it gave Congress the power to enact uniform laws
on the subject of bankruptcy that they may pick
out here and there a class of corporations or a
class of individuals, and say that if they did not
redeem in gold and silver they should go into
; bankiuptcy while other classes should be under
j no such obligation.
I Suppose you apply it to individuals; suppose
Congress should undertake to say that all whole-
| sale importers of dry goods should pay their ob-
! ligations in gold and silver, and if they did not
I should go into bankruptcy, while all wholesale
| importeis of other classes of merchandise might
'! go on paying m depreciated currency. To my
j! humble apprehension it seems that there is no
j; such [tower; and if Congress were to undertake
! it they would vastly exceed their authority. They
[I have no such right.
11 I confess to as much ignorance on the general
;j subject of finance as the Senator from Wiscon-
II sin, and a good deal more, for I cannot pretend
11 to have made so much effort to enlighten myself
upon it as he has; but there are a great many
notions thatpass currentin communities, and that
are received with all the reverence of divme rev-
elation, and there are a good many propositions
in regard to this subject of political economy
which, when tried by the test of practice, are ab-
surd and false. Let me illustrate. The doctrine
of the balance of trade iscontinually talked about,
and we have got an idea that if the imports ex-
ceed the exports by the custom-house books we
are doing a ruinous business. That is pretty
