154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
sively given to the House of Representatives, any
pledge with regard to raising revenue should,
from the nature of the case, also originate .there,
and therefore that it was inexpedient for the Sen-
ate to introduce a resolution of that description,
more especially as the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House have already under consid-
eration measures for increasing the revenue by ad-
ditional taxation. We therefore did not feel at
liberty to accompany the resolution as reported
back to the Senate with a resolution of the kind
suggested by the Secretary of the Treasury. The
letter explains fully the views of the Secretary,
and I can add nothing to it, as the subject was
referred to our committee simply to look into that
particular question. Ofthe propriety of the whole
mattci-, the Senate will judge.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed:
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACT.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, ns in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 36) to amend an act en-
titled "An act for enrolling and calling out.the
national forces, and for other purposes, "approved
March 3,1863, the pending question being on the
amendment proposed by Mr. Sumner, to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia, which was to add the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
.tin/! be it further cnactcd, That so much of the act eriti
tied a An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purpose*;,"approved on the 3d dayot March,
1863, as authorizes the dtechtugeof persons dratted into
tbe service of t!ie United fcHales under the authority of that
net upon the payment of a sain of money not cxceedmy
0300, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That any dial red person shall be dischaiged from the (haft
on paying to MichotUeer as the Sccietary <>I War may au-
ihoitae to leeeivc the same, the full sum of : *dnd pro-
vided fuilkci , That every such pei sou thus dischai <red shall
pay, m addition to the said Mini of $;!()(>, a certain propor-
tion ui the miuue of a tithe of his annual wains, piolii-, or
iiii-oHH', H-iitjilKsr dfiived iiom any kind ot piopeiiv, divi-
dends Mlaiy, 01 fiomanv pmfes-ioti, hade, or einphn meni
whatever, aeeoiding to the following rate-, to Wit: on all
income over .*600, and not over i<'it pei cent.; ovvi
$•2,000, and not over $5,000, twenty pei cent.; and on all
income over $.">,<>00, thirty per eent.; and it ^h;i!l he the
duty of evety Mich person seeking to he dt^ehitiijed to make
return, cither hv hims-elf or his guaMhau, to the piovo-a
marshal of bis ict of the amount of his income, re-
cording to The requirements of the act to provide internal
revenue of July 1, and *o much ot the act loi on-
rollmir and ealhii«,out the national loiccs, and lor otln r
purposes, ttppioved'iMurch 3, 1863, as is meoiw^tent with
Una section, be, and the name U heieby, repealed.
Mr. SUMNER, 1 propose to modify my amend-
ment—I will send it to the Chair as I have modi-
fied it—by stiiking out nil of the first part, down
to the seventh line, and inserting these wordy:
That in addition to the substitute furnished by a dialled
person, or whet e no *ub.niuite j* fm rushed, thru, in addition
to the sum fixitd by the i^eerNary of War for the pioeuia-
tion of a sulMHute, every such dniftcd prison -.hall buUnc
hi-5 di^ehaige Irom the doitt be held to eontidmn—
Now I goon with the textof the original prop-
osition—
a cettain proportion in the natuie of a tttiie of his annual
gains, profit*, or income, wiietliei deiived lioin any kind of
pioperty, dividend-*, sataiy, or fjom any profe>Mon, uade,
or employment whatever, at tiie following iate-, Sec.
And then I add at the end these words:
JJii'l be it fuithrr enacted, That the contribution* thus
made ^hall he employed by the Secretaiy ot War in hi^ dis-
cretion to piomote enlistments oi Jorthe beneht of enlisted
men.
So that the single proposition on which the Sen-
ate will vote will be whether they will make the
rich man who is drafted pay more than the poor
man, or whether the two shall be treated on an
equality.
Mr, SHERMAN. If the question was simply
the proposition stated by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, I would have no hesitation in voting for
bis amendment; but it isnot. The amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts pioposesto
establish a new income tax, to be imposed only
upon those who are drafted. In this view of the
subject, it is an unjust and unequal tax, which
makes the burden of the draft more severe than
before. If the Senator desires to impose an in-
come tax for the purpose of raising a special fund
to hire substitutes, that tax ought to be imposed
not only upon the man.who is drafted, but upon
all wealthy citizens.
There is still another objection. This income
tax can only operate upon the young, active,
healthy men who are subject to military duty. It
does not operate upon the'old men who are wealthy,
who are free from military duty, and who ought
to pay the largest tax. The most active, the
most industrious, and the most valuable of our
citizens who will have to perform military duty,
are alone subject to this increased income tax,
while the old,* the wealthy, who ought to pay the
largest taxes, would not be called upon to pay at
all. It seems to me that a very little examination
will show that this tax is unequal and oppiessive,
does not operate as an income tax equally, and I
think will prevent the due execution of this Saw.
It will raise the price of substitutes very much,
and that is another argument against it. To pi e-
vent that was one of the very purposes for which
tbe $300 commutation clause was put in the law.
It* this clause be added now, what will be the
cffect? If the rich man is drafted, he will not pay
this additional commutation money, but he will
go.mto-the market and hue a substitute.
Mr. SUMNElt. The Senator will excuse me.
I have provided for that precise case. The rich
man is to supply his substitute aud also a ratable
contribution of his income. •
Mr. SHERMAN. That makes it still worse.
A man who has arrived at the age of fifty years,
who has accumulated a large fortune, who is able
to pay an income tax,.and who would do it cheer-
fully, is exempt by the operation of this amend-
ment from all burden, notonly ofphysical service,
hut of an income tax; while the young, active,
adventurous man, who has arrived at the age of
thirty-five, who may by his industry have accu-
mulated a sufficient sum-to lealize an income of
over six hundred dollars, would be subject not
only to be called upon to render physical service,
hut to pay fn addition a large income tax—an in-
come tax such as was never enfoiccd in the his-
toiy of this world. I believe m some cases, if I
remember the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, it is as high as thiity pei cent. I
would ask the Senator if in all his reading—and
we all know that .he in a gentleman of gieat ac-
quirements—he ever read of an income tax of
ihn ty per cent. I think tlrere is no case of it in
IhsIoi y. A tithe is considered a very large income
tax.
It is, Mr. President, impossible to mingle these
two systems. Evety man holds his property sub-
ject to the light of Congress to levy taxes ; and
the power of Congress extends to seizing tin:
whuleof all the propeity ofall the citizens. There
u no doubt about that. Every man also who is
able to render physical service is bound to render
that service whenever called upon by Congress.
Congress has the unlimited powerto uiisearmies,
and Congress may by law prescribe that every
man able to render service shall enter the Army
ofthe United States. These are two distinct du-
ties, one to lender physical service and the other
to pay taxes. You cannot blend these two to-
gether. They operate upon diffeieut classes of
nuliv idunls. Physical duty can only be rendered
by those who are able to perform it, namely, the
young men between twenty amf forty-live. The
duty of paying taxes, an^l the power to levy taxes,
extend to all citizens who own property and who
are able to pay taxes. You cannot blend these
two duties together. . 1 submit these observations
now to show that the taxation proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts will operate unequal-
ly. It will only operate upon those who are least
able to pay, the active and cnergetic who arc al-
ready bound to render military service when called
upon by Congress.
Mr. President, I do not wish unnecessarily to
take up the time of the Senate in the discussion
of this amendment, because I see the necessity of
passing this bill assoon as possible. liiavegiven
this subject the most anxious attention. There
is no subject that ought to be more caiefuily con-
sidered by Congress belbie it is finally acted upon
than the amendment of the enrollment act. There
arc difficulties in the way. If you retain the
commutation clause, you meet the objection made
so ably by the Senator from Indiana. If you al-
low a man on paying $300 to relieve himself for
three years from the operation of the draft, you
may leave yourself without the basis of future
drafts. You may by enforcing the conscription
law be able to raise one army of three hundred
thousand men; but in doing so you exhaust the
basis ofall future drafts and all future reinforce-
ments. We dare not do that, we must not do it,
because we do not know what the exigencies of the
country may demand of us. It may be necessary
for us to have a broader and more general levy.
The argument of the Senator from Indiana satis-
fies me that thepresentcommutation clause ought
to be modified to some extent.
But, on the other hand, if you make your draft
arbitrary,andVllow no man to be exempted,and
requite every one to render military service, you
will incite resistance to the draft. You will not
justify it, because nothing will justify resistance;
but you may excite it. If you make your draft
arbitrary,*so that the citizen must in all cases be
seized and forced into your ranks, compelled to
hire substitutes or to render military service, you
make the difficulties in the way of enforcing the
draft very great. It is necessary, in my judg-
ment, to steer clear of these difficulties; and for
the purpose of doing it, I have carefully framed
two amendments which may be put togetherinto
one. These, I think, will answer the purpose.
They have been printed and laid on the tables of
Senators. I ask the Secretary^ read them, so as
to call the attention ofthe Senate to them, and
then 1 shall submitsomeobservationsupon them.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Tli.it any person em oiled and drafted into the military
seivice of the United States may furnish an acceptable
substitute, subject to such lules and regulations a* uiuv be
piescnbed by the Secretary of War. That if such substi-
tute is not liable to diaft, the person fnm^hmg him shall
be exempt from (haft dm nut the time for which such sub-
stitute shall have been accepted; and if such substitute h
liable to than, the name ofthe person funiUhniglum -hall
again bo placed on the ioII, and shall be liable to luither
doitt. And any person now in the imhtaiy or naval sei-
vice of the United Status, not pliyMcallv disqualified, who
hauso,setved more than one jear, and whote tcrmof unex-
piied forviec shall not at tbe time of Mib^-tiUiUou exceed
six mouths, may be employed a> a substitute. And if any
(halted peihon shall hercatter pay money tot the procura-
tion ot a Mib-titute, undei the piovision- of tin: act to which
this i- an amendment, Mich payment of money-hall opei-
ate only to n-licve f-ueh per-on fiom that diatt, and Ins
iwnne >hnll he retained on the roll, and he tdiall be Hibject
to futme (haft.
Mr. SlrlEllM AN. It will be pereejved that this
amendment would be more "proper as an amend-
ment to section four of the bill, which provides
for the substitution. It ought to be in lieu of sec-
tion four,and also in lieu of section twenty. The
(■fleet of this amendment, if adopted, would be
that every person diafied would have the righ-t to
hire a substitute. If he hired a substitute front
among those not subject to diaft, as unnaturalized
for< igucrs, persons under twenty ycais of age, or
men who by having already served are exempt
from the draft, in such case the substitute operates
to exempt the drafted person from the entire draft
for three years; but if the diafted person hitos a
man who is himself subjN-tto draft, they then just
change places, (he drafted man again takes his
place on the roll where his substitute stands, and
the-substitute rendeis military service to the Gov-
ernment. in this way the Government loses noth-
ing. The number of persons enrolled and subject
to military duty continues the same. There can be
no exhausting the roil untilevery man has rendered
military service. The person who has employed
a substitute who is himself subject to draft would
be liable to bo called upon at the next draft. He
would fake his chance precisely as his substitute -
would have done, and that is the way it should
be. On the other hand, the $300 commutation
clause is retained, so that a man whose business
will not allow him to go,or who,for any reason,
cannot go, may pay the $300; but lie is again to
take ins place on the roll,and besuhject to futute
draft. With that $300 a substitute may possibly
be employed by the War Department; but if not,
the War Department may go on and make an-
other call,and the person should again be subject
to militaiy duty.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that this would
avoid all the difficulties in the way of enfotcing
the dsaft. I submit it now, and shall offer it at
the proper time for the consideration of the Sen-
ate. In the mean time, it seems to me that we
should vote down the proposition made by the
Military Committee. If my proposition should
be satisfactory to the Senate, as I believe it is to
most ofthe members of thcMilitary Committee,
it will avoid the main difficulties that have been
made in the enforcement of the draft.
Mr. COLLAM&lt. Mr. President*, if it be
