THE CONGR
swss
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EIVES, WASHING-TON, D. G.
Thirtt-Eighvh Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 23,1864.
Naw Series No. 198.
asked for by this bill. If I am wrong, now is the
time and here is the place to correct it. And I
wish particularly to call the attention of the
House to the fact that there is no attempt here to
take a dollar or a dime from the Treasury other
than that proposed by the original law.
Now 1 want to say parenthetically, Mr. Speaker,
or in any other way, that these amendments, four-
teen in number, are the result of the investiga-
tions of the special committee of thirteen for the
last six months. That committee of thirteen is
composed of some gentlemen who have had some
experience of railroading, and who know some-
thing about what it takes to build a railroad in
time and money. Six months' labor produced
these fourteen amendments.
If you believe the gentleman from Illinois these
amendments are not only very weak but must be
very wicked. If he is right this bill not only will
destroy the Treasury but will uproot the very
foundations of society and civil government. I
overheard a conversation between somegentlemen
near me in which it was said that if these things
charged by the gentleman from Illinois against this
bill are true, then it ought not to pass. I do not
wonder at these remarks. If sound goes for sense,
any gentleman coming into this Hall and hearing
the denunciations of the gentleman from Illinois
against these amendments of the committee must
have concluded that the committee had been de-
vising ways and means during the entire six
months for the purpose of robbing the Treasui-y
and destroying the Government.
Now, I have the idea that the gentlemen who
are upon that committee are moderately loyal and
moderately honest, and that they do not intend
to rob the country or to destroy the Government.
That is my idea. There are twelve other gentle-
men on the committee, and they can speak for
themselves. So far as I know them that is my
conclusion, that they are not only men of fair
ability but of average honesty, arm have no de-
sign upon the Government or the Treasury.
The original bill was passed for the purpose of
the construction of a Pacific railroad. At the
time of its passage it was the impression that the
amount of the Governmentsubsidy was sufficient
to build that road. I need not say to the mem-
bers of this House that since the passage of that
law the prices of labor and material have gone up
from fifty to one hundred per cent. andShat an
amount of Government subsidy amply sufficient
to construct the road at that time is insufficient and
inadequate at this time. If the members of the
House think it proper under the circumstances
not to grant further time and not to grant further
facilities to this company for the construction of
this road, (for not an additional dollar is asked,)
then these amendments must be voted down.
In reference to carrying the troops of the Gov-
ernment, I need only say that the bill contem-
plates—and, if I am not mistaken, specifies in
terms—that the company shall carry the troops
and munitions of war of the Government at all
times when called upon to do so; and the com-
pensation for doing so shall be credited to the
company on the loan the Government makes in
these bonds. If I am not right in this, this is the
time and place to correct me. It proposes nothing
new in reference to that. It leaves that matter,
as I understand it, just where it was before, and,
as a matter of course, if it was right at the time
it was passed it cannot be wrong now.
Now, a word in reference to the honesty of the
company thatis organized forthc purpose of pros-
ecuting this work. I am only acquainted with a
part of the company and not very particularly
acquainted with any of them. I do not know
anything against the honesty of anybody con-
nected with the road. I do know some men who
are directors and officers of the company who
have the reputation of being honest men, and
good railroadmen. The gentleman from Illinois,
in enumerating certain individuals whom he said
had nothing to do with the company, included in
that enumeration General Dix. I think he has
forgotten or lost a part of the record of the facts
198
connected with this transaction. I think that
General Dix is president of the road now, and if
so he must certainly be connected with it, and*I
presume he is a stockholder. I do not know, that
ne is, and I only state what I know to be facts.
I only wish to disabuse the minds of members
and let them know that General Dix is connected
with the road; and he has had something to do
with railroading, and I believe he is esteemed a
tolerably honest man. He was the first presi-
dent of the road elected, and, as I understand it,
he is president to-day, so that that part of my
friend s objection falls to the ground, and, worse
than that, it proves that he is either mistaken
about this matter or never knew anything about
it, either of which suppositions is fatal to his
argument.
The gentleman from Illinois charges against
this company (and I am not its attorney and have
never seen its books) that one man owns all the
stock. He did not tell us how he knew it. He
did not tell us that he had seen the books. I un-
dertake to say, without having seen the books,
and I say it without fear of successful contradic-
tion here or elsewhere, that that statement lacks
the very important ingredient of truth. I do not
mean it in an offensive sense. 1 mean that the
gentleman is mistaken about it, or did not state
the facts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
say that one man owned all the stock.
Mr. PRICE. Well, I understood the gentle-
man to say so; or at least that one man controlled
it; his language,! am told, was, " Is it not noto-
rious that one man q-wns all the stock?" Suffice
it to say that one man does not own all the stock,
and until it is proved that one man controls the
company I do not think the charge ought to be
made here. I believe, although I am not a law-
yer, that the principle of law is that a man is pre-
sumed to be innocent until you prove him guilty.
There is no proof here of that statement, and I
have yet to learn that denunciations and assertions
and declarations, however loud and emphatic they
may be, amount to proof.
But, says the gentleman from Illinois, the maps
are not filed and hence the company has not com-
plied with the law. Well, I presume the maps
are not filed. I do not know whether they are
or are not, but I do know the fact that the time
for filing the maps has not yet arrived, and a con-
tract is not supposed to be violated until the time
fixed as the limit shall have expired. That time
has not expired according to the gentleman's
own showing, and yetthecomprmy are arraigned
hero in the high council chamber of the nation
for a failure to comply with their contract when
the time fixed by the contract has not yet ex-
pired ! I ask how much fairness there is in such
a charge ?
But in connection with that statement the gen-
tleman says that the company has done nothing.
Now, does he main what he says? Does he
mean that the company has done nothing, or does
he use the expression m a qualified sense? If he
means that the language shall convey just ex-
actly the meaning that it would seem to me to
have on paper, then I say that he has forgotten
the facts again and talked around the truth, be-
cause the company has done something. It has
spent four times as much as the gentleman from
Illinois and myself are both worth or ever will
be. They had expended three months ago—I do
not know how much they have expended since—
according to their certified statement, $800,000.
Is that no money ? I grant that it would be con-
sidered no money according to the practice in
this House when we come to vote appropriations;
but out in the country where my friend andl live
$800,000 is regarded as a considerable amount of
money, even in greenbacks.
The gentleman says there has been no statement
filed before the special committee. Now,theieare
twelve members of the committee hete besides
myself, and they will bear me witness when I say
that there was a statement laid before that com-
mittee, and that it was examined by that commit-
tee, showing what the company h&A done up to
the time that statement of facte and figures wall
laid before the committee. What, then, I ask has
become of the statement of the gentleman from
Illinois when he say# that no statement of the
proceedings of the company has b6en filed ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made ho
such statement.
Mr. PRICE. I believe the first thing that a law-
yer learns is to deny. The gentleman from Illi-
nois says he did not say it, and that is enough.
I understood my friend from Illinois to Say that
no statement had been filed with the special com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no, sip;
I said nothing of the kind, and Ineverthoughtof
anything of the kind.
Mr. PRICE. I will take my friend's denial.
And I say to the House that there is a statement
showing what the company has done from the
date of its organization till the time this statement
was filed; and it is as plain and fair and honest-
looking a paper as any man has ever seen, and the
company is entitled to credit for it.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. With the per-
mission of my friend from Iowa I will state that
there are eighty miles of the eastern division
graded, and twenty miles of it already in running
order; that railroad iron for one hundred nniles
has been purchased at a rolling-mill in Pennsyl-
vania, and is now being delivered; and that on the
4th of July the road from Kansas City to Law-
rence—forty miles—will be completed and in run-
ning order. I make the statement in answer to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he should not make such a
statement as that, because it will spoil the speech
of my friend from Illinois. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 desire to
answer what has been said by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Van Valkenburgh.] The
road which he says is to be in running order at a
given time is not the road that we are talking about.
It is the Leavenworth and Kansas road, which is
called the eastern division of the Union Pacific
road. I know something about that railroad. I
know something about its history, and aboutthe
litigation that has been going on about it.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. Inreplytothe
gentleman from Illinois, I will say that tins road
to which the gentleman alludes is recognized in
this bill as the eastern division of the Pacific rail-
road, and is the same that my friend from Illinois
has been adverting to in his remarks thisevening.
Mr. PRICE. I am glad that gentlemen have
come to my assistance in this matter, for it "makes
assurance doubly sure." I have had a paper
handed to me—and, as I have no written speech,
I am very much obliged to gentlemen to furnish
me with one—by agentleman from Missouri, who
is not on the special committee and who has noth-
ing to do with the road% This paper says that
" twenty-five miles of this road are in running or-
der, and that iron for fifty miles more has been
paid for." And yet the gentleman from Illinois
says that nothing has been expended. I have just
had handed to me the report of the proceedings
of the compfiiiy which was laid before the special
committee giving a detailed accountofevery thing
that has been done by that company from its or-
ganization up to the time the committee first met.
The directors of the company have followed
up the preliminary surveys by contracting for
rails, ties, locomotives, and cars. And yet, says
my friend from Illinois, nothing has been done.
The report reads differently. The facts of the
case are altogether of a differentcharacter. The
expenditures for these objects within the period
covered by the report amount to $800,000. I
knew 1 was not mistaken in the figures. I have
also seen statements of the surveys on at least
two different roads. Yet my friend says that
nothing has been done. If that were so the posi-
tion which he takes might be correct. But if the
facts are diametrically opposite to these present-
ations of the gentleman l(om Illinois, then the
