2178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
remove the possibility of paper money.-" Ran-
dolph expressed his antipathy to paper money.
Langdon said that "he would rather reject the
whole plan"—that was the plan of the Constitu-
tion—<c than retain these three words: 'and emit
hills;'" which meant bills of credit or paper
money.
1 maintain, Mr. President, that the intention was
to give to this Federal Government complete con-
trol notonly of weights and measures, ofthe pound,
the bushel, the yard-stick, but the power to fix the
standard of value, the medium of exchange for
products and services as well as for the payment
of debts, and that that standard should be fixed
in gold and silvercoin only; and it is equally cer-
tain, in my opinion, that they intended to pro-
vide, and they believed they had provided, against
the possibility of paper money being issued under
either State or Federal authority. I believe that
such was the real intentof the men who made the
Constitution, and what they really said in the
words they put into the Constitution. They
intended that this Government should have no
money but gold and silver. They struck out
"bills of credit" when they made the Constitu-
tion, on the very ground, as one member said,
th'U he would brand paper money as tlje Beast of
Revelation. The idea of putting intojthe Con-
stitution the power to emit bills of creditwas ex-
pressly negatived,and billsof credit meant paper
money and nothing else. Still I agree, as I stated a
little while ago, that the long acquiescence of the
people, the action of the State governments, the
decisions of the courts, and the action of this
Government, have recognized the fact that these
hanking institutions of the States are established
institutions, and I am bound to recognize that
fact; hut 1 will not go so far as to say that this
Government has not the power to control them,
at least to the extent of compelling them to re-
deem their notes in gold and silver on demand.
Now, Mr. President, I come to another point
raised by the Senator from New Hampshire. He
says that we are authorized to establish a uniform
system of imnlauptcy. That is very true; but
what does uniformity mean except that it shall
he uniform throughout the whole country and in
eveiy State? I undertake to say that bankrupt
jaws have always been applied to classes, and
only to particular classes. { know that the bank-
rupt law of 1841 of the United States was made
moie general and was intended to embrace more
classes of men than were ever brought under the
operation of a bankrupt law before; but bank-
rupt laws have generally been confined simply to
mot chants, to particular classes of individuals,
traders, and bankers. The uniformity which is
required of us is that the law shall be the same
in one Stnte aw another; that it shall apply to the
class of individuals to whom we apply it with jus-
tice, equality, uniformity; and this amendment
does apply it, not merely to the State banks, but
to every banker and every banking corporation
which shall fail to redeem its future issues in gold
and silver. Here is a point that the Senator from ■
New Ilampshiie overlooked altogether.
The Senator from New Hampshire complained
that m this provision I was seeking to compel the
State banks to do what we do not do ourselves.
■No, sir. What I say in the amendment is that
new issues hereafter to be made, which are not
already made, shall be redeemed in gold and sil-
ver, for my purpose is to stop the swelling of the
volume. If they will putin circulation bank paper
which is redeemable at any moment on demand
at their counter, I do not object to such banks
being formed and putting their notes in circula-
tion as money, nor does this amendment pre vent it.
The Senator from New Hampshiie cannot
doubt, I think, that it is the law of Congress alone
which authorizes banks now at their counter to
redeem in anything else but gold and silver. If
is our own act which allows them to redeem with
our legal-tender notes. No State under the Con-
stitution has the power to authorize a bank to pay
in anything else but gold or silver, and in the
courts of every State in the Union if a bank was
prosecutcd for not redeeming its bills it would be
compelled to pay in gold and silver but for the
law of the United States authorizing redemption
in legal-tender notes. Can we not take back the
privilege which we have granted, this privilege of
redeeming debts m something besides gold and
silver5
Can we not say to a certain set of banking
corporations that are expanding the volume of
our currency, endangering our credit, threaten-
ing the Country with financial ruin, that if they
will persist in this course, if they will put in cir-
culation irredeemable bank paper beyond their
capital, beyond the limit that we fix, not that
their charter shall be repealed, not that the State
laws shall be invalid, but that our own law, which
authorises them now to redeem in something be-
sides gold and silver, shall be repealed so far as
it gives them that advantage? That is all there
is of it. We take back the privileges we have
given to men to pay debts in something besides
money, in our legal-tender notes, and we take it
back from those corporations that are swelling
the circulation and doing those things which of
necessity swell the volume of paper and endanger
the credit and carry up the price of gold.
The honorable Senator says, referring to a tel-
egram which it is said has been received from the
field of operations, that if the telegram be true
that Grant has succeeded in driving Lee from the
field of battle it will do more than any speech or
any act of Congress to reduce the price of gold. I
believe it. 1 believe that if General Grant wins a
decided victory now it will be the final crushing
and decisive blow upon this rebellion. I believe
that if he has succeeded, or is succeeding now,
this Government will be established in the minds
of our own people and in the minds ofthe whole
civilized world*upon a foundation which can never
be shaken, and when it is once so established its
credit will command the whole money of the
world. Let the fact go out to Europe that we
have won the decided victory, that we have es-
tablished this Government beyond peradventure,
that there can be no doubt and no failure in the
maintenance of this Union, and our bonds will
be sought for by all*the money kings of the world
as the most precious of all the investments that
can be made, and gold will flow across the ocean
to this country to purchase those bonds, and of
necessity the price of gold will come down and
the price of our securities will go up. I can be-
lieve all that.
At the same time, next, as I stated sometime
ago, to the great military question in the hands
of General Grant, is this question m our own
hands in relation to the volume of paper money
which we put in circulation, or which we allow
to remain in circulation among the people of the
country. Itis for us, I think, the responsibility
is on us, the Congress of the United States, to
seize this business of money in this country, the
business of circulation, to regulate it, to restrain
it by proper enactments; and while we make war
neither on the State banks nor on the national
banks, neither upon the ideas of the Secretary of
the Treasury nor upon the ideas ofthe great finan-
ciers of New York and New England and the
country throughout, wc can by proper legisla-
tion reconcile them all on a safe, solid, moderate
basis which we ourselves can enact and dictate,
and which it is our duty here to do.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
if we by our enactment here shall impose a dif-
ferent system of taxation upon the State banks
from what is imposed on the national associa-
tions, we shall raise a financial storm that we
cannot resist. Sir, it may be so, [ agree with
the Senator from New Hampshire that we ought
to Uix these banking institutions precisely upon
the same basis. The advantages which we give
to these national associations are of anotherkind.
We make them our depositories; wc receive their
money in payment of debts due to this Govern-
ment; and this is an immense advantage, let me
say to the Senator from Ohio. It gives them
credit; they arc backcd up by the whole credit of
the Government and its immense operations,
amounting to $1,000,000,000 per annum.
The veiy fact that the currency of these banks
can be received in all these transactions, when
the State bank paper money cannot be received
atall,is of itself benefit enough to confer on these
institutions to induce the State banks to organ-
ize under the system. But when you come to
the question of taxation, it is not necessary that
we .should discriminate and tax the State banks
more severely than we tax these national associa-
tions. We should, as the Senatar from New
Hampshire says, 1 doubt not, produce a storm
in the country that we could not resist; and let
me ask him as bearing on that same question, if
by carrying out the policy of this bill and what
is alleged to be the policy, of the Secretary of the
Treasury and the advocates of his policy on this
floor, you declare open war against the State
banks, what kind of a storm will you raise then ?
Gentlemen may smile at it now; but if, as the
Senator from New Hampshire says, the simple
proposition to tax the State banks more than you
tax the national banks, will raise a storm which
you cannot resist, what kind of a storm must you
meet when you undertake to carry provisions,
the avowed purpose of which is to absolutely
destroy the State banks altogether? Are we pre-
pared for that?
Mr. JOHNSON. Since this amendment was
offered by the honorable member from Wiscon-
sin, on Friday last, I have considered it with a
very earnest wish to arrive at a conclusion such
as would bring about the object he has in view,
the reduction ofthe circulation of the country to
some fixed sum which would be sufficient and
only sufficient for the business of the commu-
nity; but I have been unable to see either that
Congress has the power which my friend 'samend-
ment assumes to exercise, or tttat if it had the
power, the object he has in view would be ac-
complished by it..
I do not propose to argue now the right of the
States to charter banks. The debates to which
my friend has referred in the Convention, as we
have all seen, are equally applicable to paper
money issued by the Government of the United
States as to paper money issued by the States.
There is not a single reason suggested by either
of the gentlemen who participated in that debate
which is not as applicable to the first as to the
last. They were against all paper money; but
it was uniformly held afterwards—and perhaps
the gentlemen who participated in that debate
did not mean to go further—that paper money
redeemable in gold and silver would be legitimate
money; and from that time until this the States
have been chartering banks; the United States
upon two occasions have chartered a bank; and
the State banksand theBankof the United States
have been authorized to issue paper money.
But the most striking instance—I am not here
to say whether it is constitutional or not—is in
the legislation which Congress during these
troubles have thought proper to adopt. We have
not only issued paper money, but we have gone
perhaps further than ever was gone before, and
gone perhaps further than the framers of the Con-
stitution ever contemplated: we have made that
paper money a legal tender.
Mr. COLLAMER. Even for^ast debts.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir; even in the dis-
charge of debts already contracted. As I have
just stated, it is not my purpose to contest the
validity of thatlegislation, except so far as to say
that if 1 had had a seat on the floor ofthe Senate
at that time, with the opinions I then entertained
and now entertain, I should have voted against
that measure. But it is now the law of the land,
as far as Congress can make it the law of the land,
and it has received more or less the sanction of
the judiciary of the States, and, as I believe, a
portion of the judiciary of the United States; and
even if there was a reasonable doubt as to the con-
stitutionality of such legislation, in the present
condition of the country I would rather think it
the duty of the judiciary to yield their particular
doubt rather than decide against the measure
when that decision would be fruitful of almost
rum to the country.
But, Mr. President, if there is an authority in
the States to authorize associations to issue paper
to be used as currency in the transactions between
man and man, then it is certainly not in the power
of the United States, except under the clause to
which I shall advert in a fiioment, to interfere by
legislation with that power. If is a matter ex-
clusively as between the State and the corporation.
It is a matter in regard to which the citizens of
each State alone are to be consulted and over which
they alone have control. Assuming, therefore, .
that the power exists in the States, i arn unable
to see upon what ground the first or the second
section of the amendment proposed by my friend
from Wisconsin can he maintained. lie tells us
that the first section is not obnoxious to the ob-
jection that it interferes with any existing State
right or the right of any existing bank under State
