im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
operate hardly; but if, on the other hand, you do
not adopt some expedient like this—and I do not
say that this is peifect—if you adopt the views
of the Military Committee, you will excite resist-
ance to your draft. How -does this bill now
stand? Under the provisions.of the bill as re-
ported hy the Military Committee no man can
hire a substitute unless he hires one from among
those not subject to draft. He cannot relieve
himself from military duty by the payment of any
sum of money whatever. .The draft is arbitrary,
compulsory •, the price of substitutes will rise
enormously; there will be cases in every com-
' munity of great hardship, where every good man
will feel that the person ought not to be dragged
from his family or business to render military
service. Persons will he drafted who have hun-
dreds of families dependent on them for employ.-
mcnt, and if tl>e draft is rigidly enforced they
would be drawn away, and hundreds of women
and children would lose their daily broad. Every
just man will say that cases of this kind ought to
be provided for by wise legislators. An impera-
tive diuft which allows no reasonable substitu-
. tion, which allows no commutation, cannot and
will not be enforced.
Under these circumstances we must provide
some way by which when men are drafted and
they cannot go, they can either hire substitutes
• or commute military service. What does the.
Government desire? The Government does not
desire to oppress the citizen; it only desires mili-
tary service. If that military service is rendered,
either by the diafted man or by a substitute, it
ought to be accepted, at the same time having
always in view to keep unimpaired the basis of
drafting, the great fyody of our citizens who may
at any time be called upon to render military ser-
vice.
Mr. President, I have met this question in re-
lation to the $300 clause during one of the most
exciting political campaigns that have ever been
held in this country. I know that demagogues
on the stump declared that this §300 exemption
clause was intended to favor the rich at the ex-
pense of the poor. We met that charge; but when
the subject was fairly discussed before intelligent
people, I saw but few but were satisfied and con-
vinced of the injustice of that charge.
Suppose you repeal the$300exemptionclause;
suppose you allow no commutation at all for mil-
itary set vice, but make the draft absolute: what
then becomes the condition of the poor man ? The
poor man may be dragged from the dead body of
iiis wife into the militaty service of the United
States unless there is some way of commuting.
If there is no commutation, then the price of sub-
stitutes rises so high that none but the rich can
procure a substitute. If a rich man is drafted he
may go out, and with his thousands he may hiic
a substitute from among: those who come to us
from foreign lands, You cannot by any law
whatever prevent him from avaihnghimself of the
use of his money. Therefore I say this commu-
tation clause was intended foi the benefit of the
poor. It has operated to the benefit of the poor.
The mistake was that the operation of that com-
mutation clause was to exempt the drafted man
from all military service, instead of simply placing
him back on the rollsubjecttofutuie draft. Theie
was the mistake—a mistake into which 1 fell as
well as others. The idea of enforcing the law
arbitrarily, without giving any opportunity of
commutation, will only excite resistance. As
for" tin; spirit of demagogism that was excited
against this" feature of the l.iw, I would meet it
with argument—with good, sound sense; and our
people are intelligent enough everywhere to listen
to those arguments. Letdcmagnguesavaii them-
selves of this legislation; it is our business to do
what is right, and depend upon the judgment of
our constituents. I have no doubt that in Ohio
we gained votes hy the very fact that we had pro-
vided a way by which a man in reasonable cir-
cumstances who was drafted, and who could not
go into the Aimy, might pay money in lieu of
mifita'y seivice.
I desire to retain that provision of the law in
some form, it nu.y be that the amount inserted
was too low. I would be pieparod to incren.se it
to g5<)0, if $>500 \va-; found to be necessary to hire
a substitute; but that some mode of commutation
mu.st be prov ided by any law of this kind, u seems
to m<, u capable of absolute proof. In all the
laws of Europe on this subject, in the French law,
in every drafting law that i have read—and I have
read many of them—there is some mode of com-
mutation. The principle is recognized everywhere
that there are cases and incidents in the life of
men when they cannot be dragged away from
their families, their business, and their domestic
relations, and'those cases must be provided for.
The Government lias the right to the military ser-
vice of every citizen,but it must enforce that right
with the least "injury to the citizen himself; and
if the citizen is willing at any time to furnish a
substitute, or {something equivalent to his military
service, that ought to be freely accepted by the
Government. It seems to me the objections made
by the Senator from Vermont are not well taken.
Mr. COLLAMER. I confined my remarks to
the effect of the payment of the $300 commutation
or the procuring of a substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I have answered
the honorable Senator on that point. If I have
not satisfied him, it is because I am not able to do
so. His proposition is this: that if a man pays
$300 that should exempt him'from military ser-
vice 
Mr. COLLAMER. Unlilall if* that class have
been served in the same way.
Mr. SHERMAN. We only come back to my
original proposition. I take the case of he and I
both being subject to military duty. If I, being
drafted, litre him to take n*iy place, ought not I to
take his cm the list subject to future drafts? if
this supposed arrangement between him and me,
an arrangement in which the Government has no
part, does not make it clear, then 1 cannot make
it clear. The payment of $300 ought not to be
allowed to operate any more in my favor than the
arrangement of substitution I have mentioned. I
would put the two on the same basis. An arrange-
ment between two persons subject to draft ought
to have precisely the same effect, and no other, as
the payment of $300, no more, no less. A dratted
man ought to take the place of his substitute on
the roll, and if the fortune of chance, which is
always blind, should designate him on the second
draft before those who have not been drafted at
all, it is his misfortune, not his fault. It.is no
worse and no more unjust than any other system
of drafting that can be devised by men. We have
no presiding goddess who can distribute the bal-
lots accoiding to the ability of men to render mil-
itary service. The draft often operates hardly,
and sometimes unjustly. It makes queer combi-
nations. It sometimes takes two out of a family.
I know that in its enforcement it has opeiated
very singuhuly. It has taken two sons, the only
members of the family liable to service, and left
all the rest of the neighborhood exempt. We
cannot avoid the inequalities of the draft, because
we can prescribe no uile by which military ser-
vice shall be rendered except by the uncertain
decision of chance.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Ohio is certainly mistaken in regard to the
amendment pending before us, as reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs. The Senator un-
derstan d.* 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair ) The Choir will state that the ques-
tion immediately before the Senate is the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner.']
Mr. WILSON. 1 am aware of that. The Sen-
ator understands that by the provisions of this
amendment persons who are liable to draft cannot
be accepted as substitutes.
Air. SHERMAN. Under the*fourth section
of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. The fourth section ofthobill
provides that a person enrolled may furnish a sub-
stitute if the substitute furnished is not liable to
draft: but by the original bill a person after he is
drafted may furnish a substitute who is liable to
draft. Thatisnotchanged in this bill. The Sen-
ator proposes an amendment to meet, and I think
correct, that delect in the law. I am in favor of
bis fust pioposition; and that is, that a person
; drafted obtaining a substitute liable to draft shall
i himsr If take thiitsubstitute'K place, or be respons-
j lisle to i him if the xuhstinUe i&aftci wards drafted.
; That is necessary in order to piescrvc the whole
  military stien^ih of the country. Rut I agree
: with the ScihUorfrom Vermont that the other
i proposition of the Senator from Ohio is not just.
The man who pays his money ought to be placed
on the same footing as the man who o.btains a
substitute; and if the amendment now pending
should be voted down, I shall propose an amend-
ment to the section reported by the committee re-
pealing the commutation clause which, 1 think,
places the matter right,-and meets the objection
made by the Senator from Vermont, and in which
I agree with-him. It is as follows:
That any person enrolled and drafted may pay to such
person as th« Secretary of War may designate to receive it, •
$300 for the procurement ol substitutes, arid such poison so
paving §300 foi the procuiemetit of subs titute& shall be ex-
empt from draft until such time as he shall a«am become
Iwble to draft by jeason of the exhaustion of the class- from
which the diaft shall be made; but such exemption shall
not exceed the time for which feuch per&on shall have been
drafted.
Let the person who pays the money be exempted
from being drafted until all the other persons who
have not been drafted are drafted, and then he
will be again liable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator whether, under his proposition, the man who
pays commutation money would not get more by
that payment than he whohires a substitute from
among those subject to military duty. It would
give the payment of money a greater force than
the hiring of a substitute.
Mr. WILSON. I think he would by the Sen-
ator's amendment, and I hope he will modify his
amendment so as to put these drafted persons on
the same ground. There is a great distinction
between them now, according to the Senator's
amendment. For instance, if a drafted person
obtains a substitute not liable to draft, he is ex-
empted, under that amendment, for the whole term
#of service; if he presents a substitute who is lia-
ble to draft, he takes thatsubstitute's place and is
answerable for him. That is the way I under-
stand the Senator's amendment. I propose in
this amendment that the person paying the money
shall be exempted for the whole term, or until
the class from which he has bet*i drafted is ex-
hausted.
Mi. COLLAMER. The classes are stricken
out m this bill.
Mr. WILSON. They are proposed to he
stricken out; but we can change it so as to pro-
vide that the entire number of persons liable to
j the draft shall be first drafted; and why should it
not be so? In my judgment it is better to furnish
the money than to furnish a substitute, and 1 think
the money paid has been much better used than
the substitutes obtained; and I will tell you why.
The money paid to the Govei nment has been used
to rccnlist these old veterans. It has been used
to raise men in the sections of the country where
i our armies have advanced, and has thus much re-
| lieved the sections of the country upon which the
] draft fell heavily. We raised about twenty-live
i thousand persons as substitutes. Several thou-
sand of them when first offered were generally
pretty poor men, and vast numbers of them de-
serted at the first favorable moment. A class of
men floating about the country were fust picked
up and used as substitutes, and befuie they went
! into the Army and after they went into the Army
they deserted whenever they could do so. After-
wards there came a better class of men. They
have entered the service and are doing their duty
with great fidelity. I had rather to-day, if a draft
were made, that the money .should be paid and
the Government raise the substitutes than to have
this man-broker business going on in the country
with Us consequent demoralization and the obtain-
mentof aciass of men very many of whom never
mean to serve the country but merely to get the
money. 1 would place the man who paid the
! commutation on the same footing with the man
! who obtained a substitute; let him take his choice;
; and therefore I propose that he shall be exempted
j for the time for which he was drafted, or until the
] persons who have notbecn drafted atali have been
j drafted, and then he comes in and makes the
i whole stiength of the country.
! Mr. COWAN. I would suggest to the Sena-
' tor from Massachusetts that that is a very different
! thing. It is one thing to exempt a man foi the
time for which he has been drafted and another
' .to exempt him until the whole number of names
' in tlie wheel shall be drawn. One is definite and
; the other is indefinite; one is fixed and the other
| may never happen.
I IVIi. WILSON. I will read it, and I should
