1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
holders and their supporters alone were free to
think and print, to do and say what seemed to
them best on both sides of that line. They could
think, read, talk, discuss with perfect freedom in
each and every State, and fearfully they used this
advantage to destroy the liberties of this country.
It is quite time, sir, for the people of the free
States to look these facts squarely in the face and
provide a remedy which shall make the future
.safe for the rights of cach and every citizen. Had
slaveiy not possessed this advantage, civil war,
freighted with sorrow, desolation, and death,
would not have visited this nation, ^ut since it
has come, the people of the free States should in-
sist on ample protection to their rights,privileges,
and immunities, which are none other than those
which the Constitution was designed to secure to
all citizensalike,and see to it that the power which
caused the war shall cease to exist, to the end
that tlie curse of civil war may never be visited
upon us again, and that the citizen whose home
is in the North shall be as free to assert his opin-
ions and enjoy all of his constitutional rights in
the sunny South as he whose roof-tree is ihe mag-
nolia shall to the same ends be free amid the mount-
ains of New England and the sparkling lakes of
the North and the West. A n equal and exact ob-
servance of the constitutional rights of each and
every citizen, in each and every State, is the end
to which we should cause the lessons of this war
to carry us. Whatever stands between us and
the accomplishment of this great end should be
removed. Can we reach thisend and save slavery ?
Can we reconcile the antagonisms which have pro-
duced this war? Can we mix the oil and water
ofdespotism and republicanism ? Can we harmo-
nize the contending elements of absolutism and
free government? No, sir; it is not given to hu-
man power to accomplish these results. What,
then, shall we do ? Abolish slavery. How? By
amendmgour national Constitution. Why? Be-
cause slavery is incompatible with free govern-
ment. Peace, pi osperity, national harmony, prog-
ress, civilization, Christianity, all admonish us
thatour only safety lies in univeisal freedom.
Sir, I have endeavored to show that slavery
stands arrayed against every object for the attain-
ment of winch the people ordained and established
the Constitution; that it is seeking the destruction
of the Union, is opposed to the establishment of
justice, has disturbed our domestic tranquillity,
makes war upon us instead of providing for the
common defense, promotes wide-spread desola-
tion and luin instead of advancing the general
welfare, and seeks to withhold from uS and our
posterity the blessings of liberty. I have endeav-
ored to show that it has disregarded the Constitu-
tion and trampled upon the most sacred rights of
the citizen. But the case is so nearly self-evident
that it is difficult to argue it. The antagonism is
so marked, and the incompatibility so glaringly
apparent, that they overshadow proof and argu-
ment. The conscience of the nation is so sensi-
tively active concerning the questions to winch I
ha ve spoken that 11 an i ves at conclusions wit h the
rapidity by which thought measures distance.
Argument cannot travel so fast.. At best it is but
the baggage-train of the grand army of ideas and
aspirations which is now leading this nation to
that higher and purer civilization that forms the
stiver lining of the dork war cloud which over-
hangs the Republic.
Mr. Chairman, the position which this nation
maintains to-day in relation to the true character
of slavcty is more perfect than that which the
foundei.3o{ the Govei nment occupied. They be-
lieved that slavery uas so directly opposed to
justice, so distinctly ai rayed against dm no law,
so utttrly deprived and desperately wicked, thnr
its own aggregation of enormities would speedily
accomplish us dissolution. We recognize their
faith as most correct, except in its conclusion.
We see that the death can only be accomplished
by an executioner. Slavery will not kill itself.
The decree of death has been enrolled. The death-
warrant was scaled by t lie fn st shot which struck
Foi t Suustei. But condemned culprits do not ex-
ecute themselves, and slavery h? no exception to
the rule.
Ladnut that the progress of the war has accom-
plished much toward giving eftect to the decree.
In out harvest of blood we have gathered great
compensatory results. The spirit of patriotism
has returned to us clothed with a i\ surrectionai
brightness like unto that which shall light the
heirs of glory to the abodeof the eternal Father.
Manhood, as it stood proudly erect in thegrand,
colossal, symmetrical proportions known to the
eaily days of the Republic, again gives sublim-
ity to American character. An acknowledged
dependence on Him who guides the planets and
notices the fall of a sparrow is once more the
sure defense of our people. An awakened, invig-
orated, concentrated national conscience revivifies
our observance of justice. Fear of God and love
of country blend and course from heart to ex-
tremities of the earnest masses who struggle amid
the awful terrors and black woes of war for that
sublime end, a true peace. These happy results
have effected many of the preliminaries to the final
death of the condemned disturber of our repose.
Already the glowing fruits of ultimate victory
gather around and about us. Thousands of hu-
man beings who were slaves at the commence-
ment of this accursed rebellion are now enjoying
the freedom which God designed for all of His
creatures. The limits of slavery have been con-
tracted by State action, and other States are di-
recting their efforts to the further compression of
tne dominion of the black power which wars upon
all that is good. Congress has not failed to pro-
vide a way thiough which men may march from
bondage to freedom. The President has nobly
performed his duty by striking the chains of sla-
very from millions of men. Public opinion, the
conqueror of men and parties, the maker of Pres-
idents and Congresses, has flung its banner to the
breeze, insciibed with the glorious words, Lib-
erty and Union." Providence has opened up the
Chris-
very
way to that higher civilization and puicr C
tianity which the Republic is toattain. The
atmosphere which surrounds us is filled with the
spirit of emancipation. Kvery throb of the pop-
ular heart sends coursing to the very extremities
of national life the warm blood of freedom. These
things all cheer Uie hearts of the true sons of the
Republic. Our Red Sea passage promises to be
as propitious as was thatof God's chosen people
when the waters parted and piesented the sea-bed
for their escape from the hosts upon whom these
waters closed and effected the buual appointed by
Him who had declared, " Let my people go."
The bow of promise now arches the heavens, but
the end isriotyet. We have advanced, butpiom-
ise signifies future. We hope for the end, but it
is not yet abiding with us; for hope pertains to
that which we do not possess. We feel that we'
havegained much d uring the terrible trial to which
the Republic has been subjected, and we know
that at far too great price have the people pur-
chased the position of which they are now the
masteis to permit it to pass again into the posses-
sion of the enemies of free government. The po-
sition must be fortified and the lines advanced.
What freedom has gained must be intrenched by
the strong arm of the Constitution. The life and
treasure which the loyal citizens of the Union
have expended, in amount unpteccdcnted and
with cheerfulness almost incomprehensible, must
be made to secure something more durable than
a lull of the storm, a delusive hope, and a deceit-
ful peace. Secunty for the future must be the
result of the great demands to which our people
have so nobly responded. The price paid is am-
ple, and its returns must be worthy of the grand
patiiotism which rose, as if by the command of
God, all panoplied for war, and equal to all of the
exactions of the awful conflict whose bnth was
announced by the roai of iebel cannon ovtr the
bay of Charleston.
Sir, i< t us not be misled by delusive hopes, nor
decei'.ed by artful wurds. Let no siren song di-
vert us from the path which the events of our
fancied days of peace and the lessons of this war
have marked out for us with more unerring ex-
actness tbc'n that with which the magnetic needle
points the course of the manner on the trackless
ocean. There was a linking devil in the words
of the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Brooks]
when he told us that he accepted " the abolition
of slaveiy as a fact accomplished." He knows,
the world knows, that none ot the acts hostile to
slavery which i have mentioned have gone be-
yond the fa< t of making men affected by them
free; that no one of ibem has reached the root of
i slavery and prepaied for the destiuction o! the
| system. We hatemade sou:-' men tire, but the
i system yet and haf- it.; thousands of active
tongues all over this land, hissing its defense and
seeking to benumb the public conscience by cov*
ering it over with the slime of death. One of
these tongues, forked and slimy, speaks from the
mouth of the man who holds in his hands the
reigns of the executive power of the Empire.State
the words—
u Jfit is tiue that slavery Must be abolished to save this
Union, then the people of the South should be allowed- to
withdraw themselves from that Government which cannot
give them the protection guarantied by its terms."
This man does not believe that the abolition of
slavery is a " fact accomplished;" and he has a
numerous, active, crafty, unscrupulous party at
his back, every member of which accepts the
teachings of this master. In this Hall busy
tongues paraphrase this guilty declaration, and
cry aloud for the "Union as it was," with the
great, black crime of slavery "as it was," or
" peace on any terms."
From the other end of this Capitol a senatorial
tongue has hissed upon the records of the country
these defiant words in behalf of slavery:
" By your acts you attempt to free slaves. You will not
have them among you. You leave them, where they are.
Then what is to he the result? I presume that ioeai State
governments will be preserved. If they are, if the people
have a rii ht to make their own laws and to govern them-
selves, they will not only reensiave every person you at-
tempt to set free, but they will reensiave the whole race."
And a tongue in this body answers, "If you
destroy slavery, you destroy our free institu-
tions. " These are the tongues which are to be
the oracles of the convention that is to meet at*.
Chicago on the 4th day of next July to organize
the elements of a powerful party in the interests
of slavery.
Sir, is it not madness to act upon the idea that
slavery is dead ? We hold it as a condemned, un-
executed culprit, and know that it is not dead.
Why shall we not recognize the fact and provide
for the execution ? We must do so, or go on dig-
ging graves and pouring sorrow into the loyal
homes of the peopje; for the systems and ideas
which flash their lightning among the clouds of
this war will never cease from strife until from
hill-top to mountain-top, from valley to plain,
from ocean to ocean, from the lakes to the Gulf,
the swelling tide of the nation's acclaim announces
to the people of the earth that American slavery
is to be known to the future only through the
history of the past. To us is this great work in-
trusted. How shall we perform it? There lies
fio difficulty in our way if we will but do our
duty.
The Committee on the Judiciary have author-
ized me to report to the House the proposed
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, with a recommendation that it bo passed
by this body, and submitted to the Legislatures of
the several Statesfortheiracceptanoe. A concur-
rence in this recommendation is the plain road
over which we may escape from the difficulties
which now beset us. A submission of this prop-
osition to the several States will at once remove
from Congress the question of slavery. No further
agitation of this vexations question need disturb
our deliberations if we concur in this recommend-
ation, and we shall be far advanced toward a
] lasting, ever-enduring peace. Send thisproposi-
j tion to the States, trust H to the people, fix it as
!i a center around which public opinion may gather
|| its potent agencies, and we shall have accom-
j| plished ntoie for the future tranquillity of the Re-
ji public than ever was effected by Congress before.
• | The people are now convinced of the incompati-
i! bihty of slavery with fiee government. Let us
impart to them an opportunity to give effect to
their conviction. If we refuse, our successors
will be more obedient; for the people have de-
li creed that slavciy shall die, and that its death
. shall be recorded in the Constitution. Weareto
\\ construct the machinery which shall execute the
- decree, or give place to those who will perform
'! the biddingof the people. We cannot evade the
;; responsibility which rests upon us by declaring
thot we " accept the^ibolition of slavery asafact
:, accomplishedThe nation knows that this enun-
,i eiation is a mere lachrymose, diplomatic intrigue
employed by slavery to arrest thegrand volcanic
' action that is upheaving the great moral ideas
; which underlie the Republic. The nation^de-
; mands mora, its faith embraces more; its acute np-
. preciation of the tiue nature of the disease which
, preys upon its heartstrings assures it that the
