2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Now, haw much circulation do we need? If
the United States needed before these troubles
commenced $500,000,001) of circulation consist-
ing of paper and of coin, 1 suppose it is not too
much to say that the wants of the loyal States,
looking to the necessities of the Government and
the large transactions in which they are engaged
from .time to time, wili need some five or six hurf-
dred million dollars; that is to say, they will need
more than the whole country required before the
war commenced.
But, Mr. President, I rose principally for the
purpose of saying that I cannot vote for the
amendment pioposed by the honorable member
fromWisconsin, because I do not see that we have
the power to do 
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor, wiih hits permission, if I understood him cor-
rectly when 1 understood him to say there were
$250,000,000 of s^old in circulation in this country
m 1860.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is supposed to be the
amount of gold in circulation in the whole coun-
try at that time.
Mi. HENDERSON. There never was any-
thing like that amount in circulation in this coun-
try.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know what you
call 4$ eitculauon." It was in the banks and in
private hands. As I said, it is impossible to as-
certain the exact amount of gold and silver in
any country. I mean coin: 1 do not mean gold
or silver that is in family use as plate or orna-
ment. I meant to say this: that the amount of
gold and silver coin in the country at the com-
mencement of the war was supposed to be &*250,-
000,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. In circulation >
Mr. JOHNSON. lncirculation,in the bunks
and in private hands, as 1 have always under'
stood. I may be in error about it.
Mr. HENDERSON. There may possibly
have been §200,000,000 of com in this country m
186U; but 1 apprehend that under their charters
the hanks were required to keep a large amount
of that coin on hand, and 1 believe they did have
over $80,000,000 in coin in their vault* at that
period. I have no idea, however, that then- was
exceeding from eighty to one hundred million
dollars in coin in circulation in this country in
1660 or at any other time.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is impossible to tell the
amount of circulation; nor can any one tell with
accuracy the amount in the country ready to be
circulated. All that can be done is to approxi-
mate to that amount, and if my memory does not
serve mc faithlessly it was supposed to be about
$250,000,000 in the banks and in private hands.
Mr. HENDERSON. Jt may possibly be.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I see, or at
least 1 think I see, that there are mischiefs con-
nected with this system-, but I can also see that
there are benefits which may be the result of it.
The mischiefs lesulting from the system, as 1
think, arc that it brings the Government moie
closely in connection with the moneyed interest
of the countiy. Another mischief is one which
1 suppose the Senate will protect the Sty tes against
— they have done it already and I suppose they
will adhete to thai amendment—by leaving these
bank# subject to State taxation. •
But the benefit to the country is that it pro-
pones and promises to give a unifoim currency.
The want of that currency fiom the beginning of
the Government at all periods, except when tiie
Bank of the United States was in existence, evei y-
body has felt. It was a ciyingevil. The Hank
of the United States, as long a.s it was in exist-
ence, in a great measure icmedied that mischief;
but the Bank of the United States is now extinct
We have no cnrieney except the currency u hieli
exists under State authority and the currency
winch the United States have authorized by their
legislation. We know that there is no uniformity
existing now; and just m proportion as the want
of umfoimity is great is the loss which the com-
munity sulfer.
Thcie is another benefitwhich I think 1 can see
in the system. It will enable the Government in
the futuie to raise money with more facility than
they are  ble to raise it now. They are laism^
money now ostensibly at par; that is, $]Q0 of
slock In mgs to them $100 m what they call money:
but that rnuney consists in Treasury notes, and
in the market it is at some forty or fifty per cent,
discount; so that they'are really getting only
some six|y dollais for $100. If this banking sys-
tem places itor promises to place it, in the power
of the Government to carry on the war in which
we are now engaged, and hereafter to carry on
the country after the war shall have terminated,
with more facility than it is able to do now or has
been able to do in the past, let us give it a fair
trial. If it turns out in the future that it" will be
productive of the mischiefs referred to by my
friend from Missouri, the coriection is in the
-handsof Congress. The last section of the char-
ter gives to Congress the authority to repeal or
modify it. It is unlike the charter of the Bank
of the United States. That was granted for a
specific period. This exists only so long as Con-
gress thinks proper to let it exist. Individually,
therefore,as a reason for my vote,.1 shall vote for
the bill provided the amendment as to taxing by
the States is preserved and one or two other
amendments not so important us that are adopted,
and against the amendments suggested by the
member from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose it is not likely
that we shall dispose of this bill to-day. I have
just received a communication from the honor-
able Senator fiom New York, [Mr. Harris,]
who is detained at his hotel to-day by indisposi-
tion, that he expects to be in his seat to-morrow,
and desires to vote upon some of these questions
before they are decided. 1 will therefore move
that the Senate proceed to the "consideration of
executive business. We have business to attend
to in executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust that we shall go on
and finish this matter some time. There must be
an end of all things, us Sancho Panza says, and
there must be an end to this bank bill.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. I do not object to its being
continued. I only state that I have received a
note fiom the Hon. Mr. Harris, who desires to
be present when the vote is taken on thisimpoit-
ant question. He expects to be in his seat to-
morrow. I have no objection to continuing the
consideiation of the bill, if the Senator thinks
it desuable; but we have business in executive
session that should be attended to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. 1 will withdraw that mo-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
he done by unanimous consent, the yeas and nays
having been otdered. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the motion is withdrawn The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption of the first branch of
the amendment olleied by the Senator from Wis-
consin. The Chair understood the Senator fiom
Maryland to call for a division of the amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be imported.
The Sen-etnry read the amendment, to insert
at the end of the bill, as an additional section, the
following:
Size. —. ^>n! he it fuitkcr cnuclcJ, That fiom and after
the pasture m this tu I no petson. buukei, blinking associa-
tion. oi banking <>r othci corpoiation .-shall make, i^sue, or
any bili>, note-., ot eeitific.iles ot any kind or de-
nomination whatevei, (je>iymd to enculate a-> numi-v.
which at the pa^a<_v ot this act -hall not he actually issued
and in ee<-ulUu>:i nnmey undei {tie laws of the United
fcruuei ot a* the -< \ era] Siatej-.tinh  s the > aid pnsun.hanker,
banking as:-ociation, ot eoipoiation shall redeem the; same
at R-- place ol' business in uold and < 1 < oin on demand :
Pioi h!cJ} That ..othimrln lem contained-lifJl hi;eon-dined
to piohibit tliof-e .ij-^oeiatioiih winch nave he< owe duly oj
i>>ei/,e<i umhI the provi-io:;-? oi "An a<-r to piuvid.: foi <i
national uu n la-v.-eeuied by a pledge of tinted Stairs,
^toek-, and lo ni"\nie lot the eio uiauou and redemption
Uieienfj" appio\cd Fel>in<uy:2j, atnKlui!l have ttans-
!en ed and {1**1 iv eieu lo ihe 'IV-a^ut , ul the lj ni'n d Stote.>
the hi>mK nt (he United State-\ tindej itii' prov iiion^ot the
liiteemh and sixteenth -.eetion-- ot said act, hum ie< eiving
the cut i*eti-'3 f > u h ten tin \ have become cut I tied, and lioni
putting fin- ,-ame into < ueulation a-, moaey undjr the pio-
v-stniij- <>! {-aid aet. *iud juoiu'cd fu)th<i. That nothing
In rem eontame;! r-ha!l in t on-trued to [aohibit any exift
;n<i hanker. u.niL h inking a--oe.ai■un. or euipoiuuon ex-
isting under the lau - ui anv >.:tate, and having note-, hills,
oi ceuitienus in eiieuiat;on a- money, iiom organizing
tiietn-ei\ rs into I, inking a- -oeiahons uudei the ?aid aet of
(<onyi <*-> ainl.ut^ ane ndai*>'tin re to ; and in ea^e ot - lie.h
organization and upon eouipU liuj with the piovjsions of
?>aid a.-t, tin1} shall be entitled to jecvive and put into cir-
culation, of the national currency provided for in ^aid act,
an amount equal to the amount of th«mou,si, hills, or cer-
tificates of said hank in circulation, winch shall bottom
time to nine withdrawn fiom cireu!.Uiou? ledecmed, and
canceled, riot exceeding the amount of its capital ttock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Harris] is confined to his room by
sickness.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to state that the Sen-
ator from Oiegon [Mr. Nesmith] is detained at
his lodgings by indisposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3, nays 32; as follows:
yEAS —■Me.-srd. Cowan, Dootittle, and Harlan—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Chandler, Clark,
Conner, Davis, Dixon, Fessenden, Foster, Gumes, Flale,
Henderson, Howatd, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Lane ot Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Powell,Ramsey,Riddle,
Salisbury, Sherman, Spraguc, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van
Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—32.
A'toJSNT—Messipi. Brown,Carlile, Collamcr,Foot, Hard-
mtr, II.ti11«, Ifenrhtek^. Hicks, McDougall, Nesmith, Fom-
eioj', Kiehaid^on, Tuunbull, and W*nght—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now will be on the second branch pf the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Wisconsin, to
add at the end of the bill, as a new section, the
following: *
Fec. —. Amf be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act, every person, banker, banking as-
sociation, or banking coi potation shall reduce the amount
ot it« notes, bdl^, cr certitieatcs in circulation as money to
the amount ot its ca-di capital actually paid in and 
per cent, added thereto.or to the amouiitnctuaily secured
by the pledge of the stocks of the United States, or of the
{State wlieie the bank or banking office is situated, pur-
stunt to the laws of the United States or of the State where
the baifk i& Situated; said reduction to be made in the fol-
lowing mamiei : one fourth of said excess of eiiculation
beyond what is above piovidcd shall be redeemed and can-
celed on or betoie the 1st day of next; one halt on
ot before the Ut day of  next; three louitiis on or
hetoie ihe 1st day ol next; and the leiiiamjer on or
ht'loic the 1 st day of next; and upon all bills, notes,
and cerufit at«.v t.-siied or ieis?-ued, or lemaining m circu-
lation a* money, over and above the amount as piovuled
in thn and the piecedmg section, the said several bankers,
bank*, ot banking corpouitioiib ^liali pay to the United
Stattssi tax of one per cent. p<n month.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend that amend-
ment 
Mr. CHANDLER. Vote it down and let it go.
Mr. WILSON. No; I am for it. Senators
will find that they have been engaged in a very
poor business in passing this bill unless some
such provision as this is inserted in it. I move
to mseit m the fifth line of the amendment after
the word " of" the words " ninety pet cent, of,'5
and in the fifth and sixth lines to strike out the
wotds <{ and  per cent, added thereto;" so
that it will read:
That fiom and aftei the passage of thN aet, every per-
son. ijiinkei. banking association, or banking eorpoiation
shall leducethe amonntof its note«,bilK, or certificates in
en dilation a- money to the amount of ninety per cent, of
its ca*h capital actually paid m.
If this annhdment prevails, wo shall put the
Statu banks on the same footing that we put these
national banks, and allow them to circulate ninety
per cent, of their capital stock actually paid in.
I certainly see no reason why we should allow
this disci imination in favor of the State bank cir-
culation against the banks that we arc establish-
ing by this bill. Some of these State banks with
a capital of §100,000 have $200,000,^300,000, and
$400,000 of jiapei circulation. 1 think we should
tax it out of existence at once, and put the State
hanks on the same footing that we put our own
national banks. As it now stands, we discrim-
inate against ourselves. Therefore, sir, I am for
this amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This amendment if
adopted u til be very unjust toward the State ihatl
icpresent. We have no State banks. Five or six
of our ctties are getting leady to organize under
the national banking system; but if this amend-
ment should be adopted Kansas will be left out*
I suppose the Senator does not want to rule Kan-
sas out.
IVh. SHERMAN. 1 think, if the Senator from
Massachusetts will look at the effect of the adop-
tion of this amendment, he will abandon his at-
tempt to amend it, and will vote against it. It
directs that one fourth of the " excess of circula-
tion beyond what is above provided shall be re-
deemed and canceled on or before the 1st day of
