1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
work of death cannot be arrested until the fact of
slavery's dissolution is accomplished; and that
this may not be until, by amendment of the Con-
stitution, we assert the ultimate triumph of lib-
erty over slavery, democracy over aristocracy,
free government over absolutism.
POSITION OF REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. WILDER. 'Mr. Chairman, during the
year which has just closed we have made such
progress in quelling the rebellion that the minds
of all naturally turn to consider the relations
which the revolted States and their citizens will
occupy in .respect to the Government when it
shall have brought them fully under its powor.
The true state of things subsisting between us and
the rebellious States, in my judgment, is that of
public war, accompanied by all the rights, on our
side at least, that we would possess in a conflict
with foreign enemies, and attended on their side
by just liability to ail such measures as we might
adopt toward alien foes under the law of nations,
and, in addition thereto, to such penalties as the
municipal law denounces against traitors. The
Constitution sets no limits to the rights of war.
It confers these rights in granting the power to
declare war, to raise armies and navies, to make
captures,&c. Without defining or regulating the
execution of these poweis it dues enumeiate va-
rious restraints upon Congress and the Executive.
These restraints, however, it has been often and
well shown, have relation to a state of peace,
and to citizens who submit to the Constitution
and uphold it, not to those who renounce us ob-
ligations and defy its ministers.
If it should be said that such a discussion is
premature, that it is our business to obtain safety
before consulting as to the way in which wo shall
exercise dominion, I might answer that the way
in which we may rightfully prosecute thewai,
and the rights we shall acquire and may legiti-
mately exercise over the revolted States when re-
duced to obedience, depend upon precisely the
same considerations. Tho.se who cavil at the mode
and denounce the agencies by which we have of
late won so many successes in the war, do it be-
cause they dread that utter aubveision of their
party power which will inevitably follow from our
exercising rights acknowledged by the law of na-
tions, but not permitted, as they contend, by the
Constitution. In this they have been wiser in
their generation than the children of light.
But not to go into this now, it is sufficient that
the subject is brought directly before us by the
President's proclamation of December 8, 18&1,
designed, while tendei ing liberal terms of amnesty
to repentant rebels, at the same time to cm roboiaie
and enforce the proclamation of emancipation
which has made the S22d September, lb(j2, a date
never to be forgotten through ail the ages.
The first question that arises is, has the Pres-
ident the right to couple the lesumption, by loyal
citizens of the revolted States, of the power of
self-government in the Union, and of a shuie in
the governing Ms their representatives in this
House and in the. Senate, with the conditions he
has annexed; or have the President and Con-
gress, acting together, this power ? If either or
both possess the power, and it is deemed expedi-
ent to exercise, we shall all probably be disposed
to avoid all discussion of the question in whom
this power derived from war resides by an act of
Congress confirming and ratifying the proclama-
tion. Wo have acted in this spint heretofore, and
have thus postponed to a more convenient season
any disens-sion of the respective limits of the ex-
ecutive and legislative functions; limits which are
"of no consequence when both agree m the thing
to be done, and unite in doing it. For this reason
I shall not be particulai to inquno in which branch
of the Government the war powers reside. It is
clear enough to me that \v hatsoever the President
may do in the exorcise of his own discretion ns
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, he
not only may but is bound to do when lequut.-d
by the legislative body.
As to the power of the President to attach such
conditions as ho may think pioper to thepuidon
of offenders, it is unnecessary to add anything to
what lie has said in his message. In the piocla-
mutton he reeiks the fact that the confiscation act
expressly invests him with the authority to an-
nex such conditions as he may deem expedient
for the public welfare to ptuuon and amnesty.
Blackstone says that this faculty existed at com-
mon law (independent of any statute) in the Eng-
lish executive, (volume four, page 401,) and he
states that the prerogative is daily exercised m
the pardon of felons on condition of iln.ii trans-
portation for life or a term of years. Indeed the
colony of Virginia derived a large portion of its
early settlers from the acceptance of mercy by
felons, male and female,on condition of their being
shipped to its shores. Upon their arrival they
weie sold to the planters to defray the expense of
carrying them across the ocean. Many of them,
as has been the c^se m all penal colonies, bleached
out, so to speak, into tolerably honest and re-
spectable people, acquired property, and became
themselves th^ purchasers of fiosh importations
of convicts. The Lives of Colonel Jack and of
Moll Flanders, by the same hand that penned the
immortal story of Robinson Ciusoe, depict with
graphic fidelity the adventures of two such found-
era of the first families?. They are fictions, so far
as names are concerned, but they owed their pop-
ulaiity to the accuracy and naturalness with which
they painted histones, which were substantially
true, and universally known to be true, of hun-
dreds of adventurers. It will haully do at tins
day for Virginia (not West Virginia) to object
to the revival of a system of conditional paidons
to which she owes her very existence, and per-
haps some of those qualities which her modern
sons have delighted to characterize as chivalrous.
What relation has the Constitution to the rights
or duties of the Federal Government m a war, or
at the successful termination of a war waged for
the purpose of bringing back into subjection to
the Constitution States which have tempoiaiily
broken away from its bonds with the solen^i dec-
laration that they have renounced it forevei,und
With the claim on their pait that they nie not
only ni fact but in law and in ri^ht aliens and
Htiangers, and holding us no otherwise than as
they hold the rest of mankind, enemies in war,
in peace, {"[lends? The Constitution, in terms,
has confessedly nothing to say on that subject.
It contemplates no such state of facts. It would
be strange if it did. That would he a icmarkable
frame of government, or, it anybody prefers the
word, a icmaikable compact, which should un-
dettaketo piovide for dealing with people as to
whom, in the ease supposed, it would have no
effect,and for a condition of a liana which, so long
and so far as it had any force;, could never ai lse
hi what language can we imagine the trainers of
the Constitution to discuss such a pi obtom? The
population of /South Carolina, a population which
hay nevei been heai ty in the^upport of the Revolu-
tion or the Confederacy or the present Govern-
ment, was likely, it anybody, to foresee a time
w hen they w on Id be anxious to know how the Con-
stitution they were framing would bearupon them
when they had thrown it off. Suppose theirdele-
gatea in the Convention to have suited the question.
They must have stated it in something like this
waySuppose we shall fail to agree to thatextent
that wc of South Carolina wholly abandon the
agreement and refuse to let it have any fui ther op-
ciation upon us. What then? How is it to oper-
ate upon you in respect to any measures you may
feel like taking against us? We don't see that
the paper tells, but we do see that it clothes the
new Govei ument with the power to declare war,
und with the means of making ltcilVctual bv an
awny and navy, and there is no exception of a
Slate or Elates to pievent war upon us; nor is there
any limitation upon the manner of conducting
war, nor in relation to the fruits the victor may
obtain by conquest. Ilowahoutthisr" We may
well conceive the answer to have been, When
you rescind the bargain on your suit:, we, of
course, cease to be bound by any part of it on
our side if we so elect. So if any precise ar-
rangement for war with you would be fruitless,
we decline to make any arrangement or any ex-
planations about the remedies or the consequences
of a situation into which you have no rightto put
yourselves—a situation which it is the very ob-
ject of the compact to prevent your ever occupy-
ing. Besides, what would be the use? If the
thing comes to war—that of itself puts an end to
all compacts. We doubtless should carry it on
accoulmg to our strength and according to our
interests in precisely the way that would be most
injuiious to you. That, as simple-minded men
understand it, is the object and theory of war,
•it is a matter of sheer force, and not at all a mat-
ter of contract. It reverses the golden rule, and
aims to do not what we would like' done unto
us, but what we would not at all like done unro
us. At all events, there stands the compact look-
ing to the possibility of-war and containing no
restrictions as to with whom, or by what means,
or with what consequences. You must look tor
them, if you will make occasion to, outside of the
Constitution."
Now we have not the means of knowing that
any colloquy like this ever took place; but we
do know that the Constitution took the shape to
which such views of the question unavoidably
conduct us. We do know that two proposition
weie submitted and rejected by the Convention
which were intended to clear up such an obscur-
ity as was started m the imaginary colloquy.
Luther Martin, the eminent delegate from Mary-
land, desned, for one thing, that we should nut
have the capacity to treat rebels both as enemies
to be dealt with by arms and as traitors to be
punished by fines and penalties, lie proposed
this provision, namely, that—
No act or act* done by oii"oi more of fhe States again--t
the ITnilt (1 Suites,ox by an) citizcaof nuy one of the L:m
n-.l States under the .nulioiity ot one or moie of the taid
Hutu-, "-hull be deemed treason or punished a* pucIi ; hut
in ca-:e of war benm levied by one or more of tin; Suites*
a^um-t the United Stuffs*, tin1 conduct of each paiiy toward
tiu; other and thou adheienu- ie-prctivcily *hall he 1 emula-
ted by iiie i.uv-. o{ war and ut nations."
This was rejected,and the rejection shows that
with the proposition before them the irnniers of
the Constitution deliberately refused to tuumnel
tlie Government in a war with rebellious States by
any constitutional i esti ictions.
It is because the Constitution took this form of
significant silence that James Buchanan could
find in it no " power to coerce a State into sub-
mission which is attempting to withdraw or has
actually withdiawn from theConfederacy." "Af-
ter much serious inflection," lie says in Ins mes-
sage of December, 1660, 44 I have airived at the
conclusion that no such power has been delegated
to Congress, or to any other department of the
Fedeial Government." He argues that it was
expressly lefused, and states that on the 31st of
May, 1767, the clause " authorizing an exertion
of ike force of the whole against a delinquent State
came up for consideiatiun in the Convention."
Jle quotes from & speech of Mr. Madison, who
said: " The use of force against a State would
look more like a declaration of war than an in-
fliction of punishment, and would probably be
considered by the party attacked as a dissolution
of all previous compacts by which it might be
bound." Upon his motion the consideration of
the clause was unanimously postponed, and ap-
peals to have never been resumed.
Now, the language of Mr. Madison is just that
of a man who saw no propriety in specific pro-
visions forthecmploymentofforce,because force
of itself ablegates all other laws than those which
nations impose upon themselves in the conduct of
war. But I refer to this passage lor the purpose
of saying that either Mr. Buchanan was light m
inferring that force could not be employed to hold
rebels to their allegiance and reduce them to sub-
jection, or, if he was wrong, then the power to
employ force finds no limitation or regulation
whatever in the fundamental law. Theic is no
possible middle gtound. The way of James Bu-
chanan is one way, and it has been rejected with
scorn, not merely by all loyal men, but by nearly
all who make any affectation of loyalty. The
way of Abraham the Honest is the only other
way, and the Constitution has erected no barrier
across it.
There are those who instead of squarely com-
bating the argument of Mr. Buchanan have to
turn his position by a shadowy distinction be-
tween making war on a State, which they rather
concede the Constitution does not permit, and
making war on all the individuals who constitute
the State. I cannot appreciate the distinction.
We are to deal with unbending facts as they are
and not at all with things as they are not but ought
to be, and would be if the written obligations
which should control the subject were fulfilled.
We are waging war, not with chance assemblages
of miscellaneous individuals of riotous insurrec-
tionary propensities, but with sovereign ^States
complete in all the panoply of peaceful"adminis-
tration and of belligerent struggle; States with all
