160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
the whole three hundred thousand going into the
Army under the draft none of them go, but they
pay $300 apiccc, and with the $300 the Govern-
ment hires three hundred thousand substitutes.
Then the whole number .of the reserve is just
three hundred thousand. Threehundred thousand
are exempt from draft because they are in the ser-
vice; three:hundred thousand are exempt from
draft because they have paid-$300 each; in other
words, they have furnished the means with which
tobuy three hundred thousand substitutes. Then
if the President is obliged to make another call
for three hundred thousand it inevitably must take
every man of the reserve. That seems to me to
be the effect of the operation.
It is said we can afford this, that the resources
of the country are actually inexhaustible. 1 think
we overestimate them- We have a large popula-
tion, to be sure. It is said the whole number
borne upon the roils is a little over three millions.
A draft has recently been made of four hundred
and fifty thousand. It is said that it turns out
that one thiid of those drafted are not bable to
do duty, are entitled to exemption because of
physical disability j and another third becauso of
alienage. If that holds true as an average of the
whole number on the roll, if two thirds are ex-
empt for these causes, you really have but a mil-
lion who can be made to do duty under the draft,
if these figures furnish us a correct basis of cal-
culation. If your whole reserve is but a million,
I think it ought to be guaided, jealously guarded.
It has been said here, in the course of this de-
bate, that if you will fill up the Army you now
have in the field, if you fill up the call made by the
Presidentlaat fall, you will never have to make an-
other call or another draft. Sir, I want to say here
that I distrust all such suggestions, let them come
from what souice they may. I think'that from
the time the first call of seventy-five thousand was
made down to the last call of three hundred thou-
sand, we have been betrayed by just such sug-
gestions that a limited number of men wili do this
work. Sir, instead of trusting the protection of
our flag and the defense of our Union to an aimy
of a fixed number and an army composed of a
given number of brigades or ol divisions, I would
have made a crusade of it from the beginning. It
seems to me that I would have armed the loyal
people of the United Slates and let them have met
in hostile array the disloyal. Really t ho issue is
made up, not between Government and govern-
ment, but between people and people, between one
style of civilization and another. They admitted
that you could outvote them, but they thought
they could outfight you, and it seems to me that
on every field where we have met the enemy I
would have met them by an army which should
have illustrated the numbers of the loyal people
"of the United States, and I think we ought to be-
gin now to do po, and I distrust these suggestions
that you can wind this thing up with agiven num-
ber of men. The sooner we get over that idea
the sooner I think we shall begin to approach the
end. I really cannot roc that we can alio id to
adopt the- amendment suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts, for it does seem to me that
we are, if not exhausting directly the basis of the
.draft, squandering it in a manner that we cannot
prudently afford to do.
Mr GRIMES. I should like to know from
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
before we have a vote on this question, what is
the probable number of colored soldiers now in
the service, or that are likely to be in the service
under the attempted organizations which J un-
derstand are being made under the authority of
the War Department. I should like to know
whether or not any steps have been taken to en-
roll the colored men in what are known as the
" border States,"and if so, when those steps were
inaugurated.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, U is not in my
power to answer precisely the question put by the
Senator from Iowa. I undcistand that we have
fifty thousand colored troops enlisted. It may be
that we have increased that number considc rably
within the last two or three weeks; but it was un-
derstood about the time of the meeting of Con-
gress, some four weeks ago? that we had about
fifty thousand men. Weaieincreasing them now
at a more rapid rate than at any other period, for
the reason thai we can reach them better. We
have for the last few weeks been doing well in
Maryland. Wearedoine well in eastern Virginia. ;! Government can go into any part of the country
General Butler told me the other day that since j and take our sons and enlist them without asking
our consent, but the Government of the United
States cannot step into the great State of Ken-
tucky and enlist a slave without asking the con-
sent of his master. Sir, 1 would enlist him if I
he had entered his department he had raised about
three thousand. We are doing fairly in Missouri,
but not so well as we ought to do there. _We are
raising colored men in Tennessee and in some
other parts of the country. The Government has
notpressed this matter of) aising black troops with
so much vigor as some of us think itoughtto have
done; but there has been great difficulty in reach-
ing these people. They have been moved away j
and kept out of the reach of our armies as far as |
possible. They have now found their way in, and
we are enlisting them. 1 think that as our armies
advance we shall raise many more ot them; and
I am sure that the policy of the Government now
being fixed, and the public sentiment demanding
it, every effort will be made to enlist colored troops;
for, sir, if there be anything in the prosecution
of this war that the people are in favor of, it is
the raising of black troops to fight the battles of
our country. Everybody now demands it. I do
not believe that there are five thousand men in New
England to-day opposed to it; I do not know of
anybody.
Mr. ANTHONY. At this point,with the Sena-
tor's permission, I would like to ask a question
in regard to the enlistment of colore^ troops. 1
have been told, on what I cannot doubt is reliable
authority, that the military authorities will not
permit freedmcn who come into this District to
go out of it, and that there are many of them here
now who are desirous of going into such States
as offer remunerative bounties, and that they
arc not permitted to leave the city, but are kept
hero precisely as colored men were kept here un-
der the old slave laws. I can well understand why
the Government might properly interfere to pre-
vent the negroes or white people who aie residents
of this Disti ict, enrolled and liable to do military
duty hete, fiom going into other States and enlist-
ing, but I cannot undeistand by what authoiity,
by what law, a free man in this District cannot
leave it at his own pleasure, who is not liable to
military duty in the District; and if lie comes from
without the District and is not enrolled in it, he
is certainly not liable to military duty here.
Mr. WILSON. "1 have heard tlie same com-
plaints as are made to-day by the Senator fiom
Rhode Island. "1 believe" such authoiity is as-
sumed heie in this Distiict. It is an unlawful as-
sumption of authority, and there is no justice m
it, and it ought to be abandoned immediately.
Mr. CLARK. By whom has it been assumed?
Mr. WILSON. *By the military authorities
here, or rather, perhaps, the city authorities. I
saw the other day that the Mayor of this city
made an appeal to the War Office in regard to it,
urging that colored persons should not be per-
mitted to go out of this city into other parts of
the country to enlist, I think nil this interruption
that wo have had here at the railroad is wrong,
and it oueht to be abandoned.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him if the suggestion ol the Mayor ot the city
was not sanctioned by the War Department? 1
think they approved it, and issued orders about it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not know certainly
whether the War Department, as a Department,
approved of it or not, but 1 find practically the
thing is done.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have understood that it was
under orders of the War Department.
Mr. WILSON. Whether it is approved of by
the War Department or not, I do not agree to the
policy. [ think that any free man who comes into
this city, or any person in this city, black or white,
who chooses to go anywhere in the country and
enlist in the service, should have the privilege of
doing so.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] put an-
other question; and that is, whether the Govern-
ment has emolled the colcied men in the bolder
States. 1 understand that ill Maryland they have
done so; 1 believe they have done it ill Kentucky;
I speak now of thefreemen, not the slaves. I am
told that that is the case. I do notknowcertainly
whether it be so or not. At any rate, there is no
doubt that the Government lias the power to do
it. I am told that in the State of Maryland the
Government is enlisting slaves without asking the
consent of their masters, and they have the same
privilege in tile State of Missoun; but I am told
that this is not so in the State of Kentucky. The
chose todoso, and ask no conscntofthe master any-
where. The Government can take your son or
an apprentice belonging to you without your con-
sent, but it must ask a slavemaster for his consent
to enlist an able-bodied man into the service of
the country. It is a thing which ought not to be
submitted to a day, and it ought not to be acted
upon a day longer.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator to inform me,
if he can, under what authority the War Depart-
ment pays the master of the slave where he is
enlisted?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot answer the Senator
from Missouri, unless it be that they construe the
law giving authority to use the -money received
from persons who have been drafted for exemp-
tions from service to authorize its appropriation
in this way. I understand that the War Depart-
ment had used the $300 or had promised it to the
master in certain cases where the slave enlisted
into the service because it guaranties to the slave
his freedom. In order, 1 suppose, to fill up the
ranks of the Army, and at the same time encour-
age the emancipation of theslaves, and do it with-
out trouble, the Government decided to pay the
master the $300 instead of paying it to the slave.
I suppose that to be the motive of the action of
the Government.
Mr. BROWN. 1 merely desired to know
whether there was any authority for it in any part
of the country.
Mr. WILSON. There is no express law forit.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, i wish to suggest that I think the law is clear
enough. The Secretary of War has a right un-
der the enrollment law to use the commutation
money to procure substitutes. The language of
the law is that it is " for the procuration of sub-
stitutes." The Secretary of War has clearly the
power to use that money in procuring substitutes,
and (he law makes no distinction between white
and black.
Mr. BROWN. I will ask the Senator from
Massachusetts whether there is any law that, rec-
ognizes the ownership of the master in the slave ?
"Mr. WILSON. No law of the Federal Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BROWN. If not, on what authority is
the amount paid to the master rather than to the
slave? 1 desire information on this question.
Mr. SH ERMAN. The law gives to the Secre-
tary of War the power to procure substitutes,end
1 suppose he can pay the money to any person,
black or white, procuring the substitute. If the
master's consent is necessary by the local law,
he can pay it to the master, so that he proeuresa
substitute. There is no legal difficulty in the
way.
Mr. WILSONi Passing from that subject, I
wish to say a single word, while I am up, to the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.] I think
if the Senator will examine the amendment he
will see that it is just. A person is drafted and
he obtains a substitute. It is proposed by the
Senator from Ohio that if the substitute is himself
liable to be drafted, and shall be drafted, thou the
person procuring the substitute shall take the piaee
of the drafted substitute, so as to keep thg enroll-
ment list full, and the man furnishing that sub-
stitute has to go in the Army for the time for which
the person is drafted. Now, I propose in this
amendment to put the person who furnishes the
money on the same footing, and provide that he
shall not be liable to be drafted until the enroll-
ment has been exhausted. It stiems to me that
tins is just; that it keeps the enrollment list full
all the'time. When a man is drafted and pays
the $300, and the Government takes that §3011 and
hires a substitute, pel haps obtains a man not liable
to diaft, takes one of the old soldiers in the Aimy
by adding to the (£300 the §100 now allowed by
law, pays him §400, and re-enlists him for three
yeais, is it just to dralt the person who lias thus
paid the §300 while other persons have not been
drafted at all? This proposition,tlierefoie, makes
him liable when the cmolhnent list is exhausted.
If it be exhausted before the term is out, if it be
exhausted in a year, and lie has paid his &300,
