2182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. COWAN. Is *there anything in the bill
to prevent a bank in Maine from redeeming in
San Francisco?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless the Senator will
agree to establish the centers of redemption ac-
cording to the vote of the Senate the other day I
am not prepared to say that I would agree to it;
hut this proposition to make them all redeem in
New York has taken me by surprise. I think
perhaps the Senator had better let this particular
amendment lie over until to-morrow so that I can
look into the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. ] have no objection. I sim-
ply desire to carry out the wish of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. The effect of this amend-
ment is to make Philadelphia, Boston, and all
these other places subsidiary to New Yoik.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
would be the best way; but, as there is no prob-
ability of finishing the bill to-night, 1 should like
this amendment to lie over that I may look into
it a little.
Mr. JOHNSON. The western trade is now
earned on considerably with Baltimore and Phil-
adelphia, and their balances are there, and they
would prefix to have their money there.
Mr. GRIMES. That is but a small portion of
the western trade.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly moat of the busi-
ness of New England is done in Boston, and not
in New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. Any bank in New England
can redeem at Boston, except only the banks of
Portland. If Portland is stricken out of the centers
of redemption, they may redeem also at Boston.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It involves a little more
responsibility just at this moment in reference to
my own «ity than I am willing to take without
further consideration. I hope, therefore, the
amendment will go over until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no objection, I
withdraw n for the present. I will ask that it be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made, unless there be objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have two or three amend-
ments that I wish to present that will not occupy
much time. It will be observed, in the first place,
that this measure provides that the bills issued by
these banks shall be received by the Government
upon all debts due to Government except duties
on imports. In the next place, it provides that
these notes shall be payable on oil claims on the
Government except for interest on the public
debt, if I to-duy presenta bill for one thousand
or ten thousand dollars to the bank and demand
payment, and they do not pay me in currency,
ana i go to the Secretary of the Treasury and de-
posit itthere,it becomes a debt upon the Govern-
ment, and the Government are bound to pay it.
It will be observed that when this becomes adebt
upon the Governmentit is to be paid in these same
currency notes; so that if I present my money at
one bank and they will not pay me, 1 go to the
Treasury and they pay me in another bank's pa-
per, and I go and present that, and they do the
same all the way around. In order to correct
that, in section twenty-three, line thirteen, after
the words 44 except interest on the public debt,"
I move to add the words 44 and in redemption of
the national currency;" so that it will read:
And also for the salaries and other debts and demands
owing by llie United States to individuals, corpoiations,
atid associations withm the IJnitud States, except interest
on the public debt and in redemption of the uatioriai cur-
rency.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the member from Ver-
mont to say in what mannerthe national currency
is to be redeemed under that exception ? In gold
* a?id silver ?
Mr, COLLAMER. I will endeavor to ex-
plain. I fancy it has in some measure esruped
the notice even of Senators themselves that we
have two sorts of currency now provided for, to
say nothing about coin. In the first place, we
have a national currency. That consists of the
notes that these banks issue. Then we have
another currency which is called in our law law-
fuicuireney. Lawful currency consistsm Treas-
ury notes; national currency consists m these
bank notes. Now, as it stands, our national cur-
rency is not lawful currency. Our national cur-
rency is these bunk notes
Our national currency consists of these bank
notes; our lawful currency consists of the Treas-
ury notes. The Treasury notes which the nation
issues are not the national currency, they are the
lawful currency. The result of the jumble is, that
the national currency of this country is not the law-
ful currency, and the lawful currency of this coun-
try is not the national currency; the currency is-
%ued by the nation is not the national currency. If
this is borne in mind—for this is the way it stands
in our law—the amendment which I propose will
be readily understood by the Senator from Mary-
land. The paper of these banks we here engage
to receive for all debts due to the Government,
and we say it shall be payable out on everything
due by the Government. As the clause now
stands, without my amendment, if these bank
notes are not paid by the bank issuing them, and
therefore become a claim on the Government, they
would be liable, like all other claims on the Gov-
ernment, to be paid in these bank notes. Then
the effect would be what I before stated: 1 go to
the bank and they refuse to pay me, and I come
to the Treasury for my pay, and I am there paid
m the notes of some other bank of the same kind.
I then go to that bank and they will not pay, and
I come back to the Treasury and they pay me
again in the paper of some other national bank.
We never can get a redemption in this way, even
in lawful currency; and hence it is that 1 propose
to insert here that this bank paper, which is called
national currency, when we want to redeem it,
and the claim comes upon the Government to re-
deem it, shall be redeemed m lawful currency.
Mr. SHERMAN. Lawful money.
Mr. COLLAMER. Lawful money. Thegen-
tleman has got another refinement and another
additional distinction. Thisjust compounds the
proportion and makes it a little more algebraic
than it was before. Simply by inserting woids
providing that all these notes shall be paid outon
all claims by the Government, except m the re-
demption of the national currency my object will
be attained. That will prevent redeeming this
national currency with national currency, and
will require the Government when it has occasion
to pay the national currency that the bank issuing
it does not pay, to pay it in lawful currency or
lawful money. That is the only effect of my
amendment; and unless gentlemen really wish to
keep up a sortof double dealing, a sortof thimble-
rigging all the while, they will adopt my amend-
ment. If they desire to keep an everlasting thim-
ble-rigging on the nation, they will reject it.
M r. JOHNSON. The doubt I had was whether
it would compel the United States to pay in coin.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; that is not the effect.
It is only to prevent their redeeming it with this
same kind of paper.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it is to allow them to
redeem it with Treasury notes.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. If seems to me that the
criticism of the honorable Senator from Vermont
is hypercritical. The distinction between the dif-
ferent kinds of money is drawn by the law. Green-
backs are called 44 lawful money of the United
States." That is the name given to them by the
law of 1862, and that lawful money is made a
legal tender. The notes issued under this act are
called national currency. it is necessary always
to have descriptive words to desenbe the different
kinds of currency, and therefore all our bonds are
by law or by popular designation given a particu-
lar name. If anything, a child or a dog or a cur-
rency,goes out, it has a name given to it either by
its parents or by the people generally. The peo-
ple have designated the various forms of bonds
by the name of live-twenties, ten-forties, and so
on. The law of 1862 called the paper issued by
the United States u lawful money." That desig-
nation is given to it, and we now speak of it every
day m common parlance as "lawful money."
The Senator did not think it was lawful money,
because he thought Congress could not make it a
legal tender,and eould not therefore invest it with
the capacity of lawful money; but still it is law-
ful money, used and taken and called and named
every where as lawful money. The bills issued by
the banks under this actare culled " national cur-
rency "in contradistinction from "lawful money,"
and the act provides that this national currency
may at any moment be converted into lawful
money.
But the Senator has found a' possibility, a re-
mote contingency so far off that I should think it
required a great amountof acumen to discover it.
He first assumes that a hank has failed and re-
fuses to pay its bills, and the United States as-
sumes payment, and a bill is finally presented to
the United States for payment, and then he says
that the United States may use the bank bill of
some solvent bank under this system to pay this
broken bank bill. Suppose it does. The very
moment that national currency is not redeemed
in lawful money, according to the terms of this
act, the bank is closed, wound up, and the cur-
rency thus dishonored cannot be used for any
purpose. The provisions of the law provide for
its cancellation, for its redemption within thirty
days. It cannot be used. The very moment the
bank breaks and fails to redeem its paper, that
moment, or as soon as it is legally ascertained, the
Comptroller mu^st appoint a receiver. The re-
ceiver seizes upon the assets and converts the as-
sets into lawful money of the United States, lifts
and takes up all this national currency, and in the
mean time the law provides that theUnited States
itself will redeem it. For the redemption of this
paper money the United States has a lien, first
upon the bonds of the United States in the vaults
of the United States Treasury, next upon all the
property of the bank, next it has the individual
liability clause, so that it seems to me this remote
contingency is scarcely worth guarding against,
and it might only embarrass the Government by
preventing the Government from paying out the
notes of a solvent bank, a money-paying bank, in
redemption of the notes of a bank that is broken.
If this bill is a success I have no doubt that
within a very few years after the war is over there
will be no currency but national currency and gold
and silver coin. That is the idea of the Secretary
of the Treasury, who, you may say, is the father
of this system. For reasons that I will not now
discuss, he believes that money issued directly
by the Government as a circulating medium can-
not be always kept at par, but that a currency
resting for its basis upon the stocks of the United
States, which the banks are bound to redeem in
lawful money of the United States, will more
speedily enable him to resume specie payments,
and he hopes by the txid of these organizations,
after peace shall have come—because we cannot
expect to resume specie payments during a time
of war—that lawful money, as it is called, of the
United States, the notes of the United States, will
be funded and retired, and nothing will be left
except this national currency and gold and silver
com. The contingency which is sought to be
provided for by the honorable Senator is too re-
mote, it seems to me, to give any cause for alarm.
Mr. COLLAMER. It was not necessary- for
the purpose of answering my argument fairly to
try to prejudice it because 1 made it. The Sen-
ator could have answered it on its merits. He
has, however, undertaken to inform the Senate
that I did not believe in the tender clause. What
for? Is that pertinent to the question? Not at
all. It is done to prejudice me. It is saying, "You
were against the tender clause, and what you say
on these questions ought not to bo regarded."
The allusion could have been made legitimately,
for no other purpose. I take it, however, that
my proposition of amendment is not to be preju-
diced much in that way before the Senate. Here
1 would observe to the Senator from Ohio, that it
would be very well if he had in supporting this
bill understood the various parts of it and their
relation to each other, so as .to preserve its con-
sistency in some way. If gentlemen will turn to
page 41 they will perceive that the men who care-
fully considered and drew this bill did not think
this such an impossible contingency that it might
not be guarded against, for it is there provided
that if a man has presented to the Treasury a
note of one of these banks which is not paid by the
bank, " thereupon the Comptroller shall imme-
diately give notice, in such manner as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall by general rules or
otherwise direct, to the holders of the circulating
notes of such association to present them for pay-
ment at the Treasury of the United States, and
tha same shall be paid as presented in lawful
money of the United States."
The Senator says my amendment might em-
barrass the Government and prevent its paying
out the bills of good banks, when mthis very act
