THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED-BY JOHN C. LIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1864.
New Series No. 11.
then, though the Government may have obtained
a person for three years in his place, he is liable
and may be drafted within twelve months. I
think, with this explanation, the Senator will be
satisfied.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator just explain
one tiling? It strikes me, and I want to get over
that difficulty if lean, that if three hurtdred thou-
sand of those who are drafted, instead of going
into the service pay the commutation money, and
with that the Government hires one hundred thou-
sand soldiers who arc liable to the draft, then the re-
serve is reduced by two hundred thousand, where-
as, if limy went into thcservice,orif they procured
substitutes not liable to draft, the reserve would be
reduced by just one hundred thousand; and in that
way the payment of this commutation money is a
direct injuiy to everybody whose name still re-
mains on the roll. It increases the liability of
those others to be drawn incase of another draft.
Is it notso?
Mr. WILSON. There is something in that;
but not so much as the Senator makes out of it,
by any moans.
Mr. JOHNSON". Mr. President, the chairman
of the Military Committee is, I believe, right in
saying that the free colored population of Mary-
land—and I suppose it is the case in the other
slave States—are considered as subject to enroll-
ment, and aie enrolled. The slave population of
my own State is not enrolled; and although, as I
had occasion to say the other day, I have no doubt
that the Government has the power to call upon
the slave population able to bear arms to go into
the armies of the United States, it is only because
I suppose they are to be considered as men, as
persons, within the meaning of the Constitution.
They are termed " persons'* in thatclause of the
Constitution which is known as the fugitive
clause. For lea.sons which I think did honor to
the framots of the Constitution, the term " slave"
found no place m the instrument; but it is histor-
ically true, tis every member of the Senate must
know, that, but for that fugitive clause and the
other clause which prohibited to Congress the
authority to interfere with the foreign slave trade
until twenty years subsequent to the adoption of
the Constitution, the Constitution, and the Union
which was the result of it, would not h,a\e existed,
lit loa-st would not ha\ e existed at that tunc. The
sentiment of the count* y at that time, 1 think his-
tory will tell us, although opposed to slavery as
a permanent institution, was so far settled upon
the subject «f the inipropiiety of interfering by
legislation through Congress with the right to the
slaves as they existed, and"of interfering, too,
with the right to the increase of the number as
far as the number might be increased by means
of the foieign slave trade, that the Constitution
would not, perhaps, have been adopted butfor the
provisions on that subject which arc found in it,
or some equivalent provisions.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Rrowm] asks
what law there is io justify the Government in
paying anything to the masters of slaves who are
taken into the service of the United States. It is
true that although the term " slave " is nowhere
found jn the Constitution, slaves are evidently
considered as property withnt the meaning of the
fugitive clause and within the meaning of the
clause which piohibits to the people of ihe Um-
t( d States the authority to change the Constitu-
tion at all in that particular provision of it which
limits the authority of Congress upon the subject
of the foreign slave trade to the expiration of
twenty years from the adoption of the Constitu-
tion. They were considered as property, and
were intended as property to be protected by that
clause; and ihey have been considered as property
and are now considered as piopeity in your tax
laws. So far as the direct tax is conccrned-they
die consideied as property. They are considered
as piopeity by th<* laws of ail the slave States.
They are subjetjs of d:sinbution; they are, liaise
lor the debt1.! of the mastei ; lln-y are subjects of
bequests, they ni esu! j< eta ofsale, and are in every
respect upon the'.onuition of property; but not-
]]
withstanding that, they are no doubt also to be
considered as in the character of persons. *
I suppose no one will for a moment hesitate in
admitting that although they stand in the relation
of property in a certain sense they also stand in
the relation of persons to the Government, be-
cause I suppose every one will admit that they
could be guilty of treason as against the United
States. If the slaves in the United States were to
do as the white men in the southern States have
done—I do notmean all the southern States; thank
God, I am not obliged to say so—if,the slaves in
the seceded States had without the consent of the
white men risen in rebellion and resisted the laws
of the United States by arms, or if they were now
found aiding the traitors in the seceded States in*
their effort by force of arms to destroy the Gov-
ernment of the United States, they might be con-
sidered and treated as traitors. In other words,
although slaves liable to all the relations growing
out of that condition, they are persons owing al-
legiance to the United States and consequently
bound to abstain from everything which is a vio-
lation of allegiance; and if they were to go to the
extent of levying war upon the United States or
of giving aid and comfort to the enemies of the
United States, they might be dealt with as trai-
tors.
But it by no means follows from that that they
are not to be esteemed as property, and that the
master is not to be paid for them as property.
The practice in Maryland—I do not mention it
with a view to complain of it now, although I
think it is decidedly wrong and has injured the
Union feeling in the State much more than Sena-
tors are aware of and much moie than the coun-
try at large is aware of—the practice in Mary-
land, as 1 get fiom souices of information that
I know can be lelied upon, is that the recruit-
ing officers, white officers, go to the homesteads
of the masters, and not only enlist the slave with-
out the consent of the master, but without his
own consent. The poor ignorant black man who
knows not to what extent the evident power of
tiie Government may be carried, is told that he
must enlist, and he enlists under what may be
considered and what actually is compulsion.
Whether hi* would enlist (us I think he would m
a majouty of cases) voluntarily, under the influ-
ence of no threat, or under no fear, is a question
not submitted to him at all. And notonly is that
done, but the enlisting officer informs all the
slaves upon the plantation, whether able to do
duty in the field or not, old men and children and
women, that they aie all free; and the result has
been that th'e whole of that population which
has been able to get off has gone off. That the
State will be benefited by the effect of it in
the end, I have no doubt; but at the same time
it is due to my own convictions of what the
Constitution is, and the lights which the peo-
ple of Maryland have under'that Constitution,
to protest without meaning to find fault with the
Government; to protest, not in any acrimonious
sense, against this mode which they have adopted
to get the slaves of Maryland in the aimiesofthe
United States. 1 have no objection if it is found
necessary, (and of that Congiess must judge in
the fiif>t instance and the Executive afterward,) if
it is found necessaiy in older to put down this
rebellion, to call on the slave population to aid
us, I have no objection that the call should be
made; hut 1 could wish fiom my heart that it was
not necessary,or was not found to be necessoiy.
I could desire, ardently desire, that the white men
of the fiee States and the white men of such of the
slave States as are loyal, should be found notonly
willing but able to put down promptly this rebel-
lion. I have no doubt, and never have had a doubt,
that by proper exertion, proper skill in the field,
proper foiesi<rht on the part of the Executive,
pi operlegisdation on the partofCongress, itwould
have been put down before this; but it is due to
the Executive and due to C^ngit ss to say that the
condition in which they found themselves was a
very peculiar one. In the beginning I suppose I
that neither the Executive nor Congress antici- i
pated that this insurrection would assume the di-
mensions which it has had for thj* last one or two
years. The original call of seventy-five thousand-
men was supposed at the time to be amply suffi-
cient for the purpose. There havebeen calls from
time to time since of larger numbers, until I sup-
pose we have now in the field,of more than a mil-
lion men put into the field, some four or five hun-
dred thousand men.
While I am up, I cannot,help concurring in the
opinion of the Senator from New York, [Mr,
Harris J that it will not be necessary to increase
the Army to a number beyond the number which
it now has. From all the information that I think
is in our possession, (independent of what from
personal knowledge I cannot help supposingmust
be the actual condition of the southern States,)
they have raised every man that they can raise
beneficially, and they have not now in the field
more than from two hundred and fifty thousand to
three hundred thousand men throughout all the se-
ceded States. While they are so limited inpointof
numbers, in the men that they are able to keep
in the field for a time, it is still more evident that
they will not be able long to keep that number in
the field, for the want of the means of supporting:
that number.
Perhaps gentlemen not belonging to a slave
State may not have the same means of informa-
tion with those of us who live in what has been
considered a slave State. We have, more or less,
in all the southern States now in secession, rela-
tions, and connections numerous, found all over
the South. 1 speak with reference to the State
of Louisiana, of whose condition I was able to
judge when there some two years ago upon a mis-
sion for the Government,and by information that
I have had since of the State of Mississippi, that
those two States are now utterly exhausted in
everything but the zeal, ardor, and intrepidity of
a poi tion of their population. The men of those
States who were parties to a purpose long since
formed to break this Union if they could, and the
masses whom they succeeded in deluding through
then* artifices, are men not to succumb easily. As
longas the ma"ssesare under the delusion to jvhich
they have been subjected, they will continue to
fight while nature suivives; but 1 believe that the
President's proclamation—though far from being
such as 1 think he should have issued and might
have issued — is doing already a great deal to re-
store the Union feeling, and will do,still more as
the war progresses. Looking to the character of
that part of the population who weie not parties
to the original plan to break up the Union, it is
impossible foi me to believe that they can be so
entirely lost to ail the dictates of common sense
as not to see that in a struggle with the free and
loyal States of the Union the result must be still
more fatal to them than it has already proved, and
that their only chance of saving anything is to
come back under the flag which for so many years
protected them, to enjoy the, honor which they in
common with ouiselves so long enjoyed undei the
protection of tliat banner, and living under the
Union and under the power of the Union, and with
the recollection of all the glories of the Union, to
lestoie then States by means of free labor to a
state of prosperity and power that they never in
ihe past attained.
Mr. GRIMES. Iam very glad, sir, that I ad-
dressed the inquiry that I did to the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.} I am lejoieedat
the response he has given to it, and I think the
country will he glad to know that the Adminis-
tration has established a policy m regard to the
a cruitment of colored persons. I have heard for
the last twelve monihs givmgs-out that such was
to be the policy of the Administration, or indeed
that it actually was; but the results which have
been accomplished have never satisfied me that
that was their real genuine intention, for I have
always believed that if there had been the proper
iigi ncies usfcd, if theie had been the proper degree
<>T practical sagacity exhibited by the agents who
weie selecU d by the Grovci nment to raise colored
regiments, theie could have been two hundred
