1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Senator's amendment is withdrawn, I withdraw
my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas has a right to move to amend the Action
before the question is put on striking it out.
Mr. POMEROY. If there shall be no effort to
pasa the second section, of course I do not desire
fo amend it.  
Mr. WILSON. I have withdrawn the second
section.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts as modified.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That when any person of African descent, whose service
or labor is claimed in any State under the laws thereof,
shall be mustered into the mil itaiy or naval herviec of the
United States, his wife, meaning thereby the woman re-
* garded and treated by him as such, and his childien. if any
he have, shall forever thereafter be free, any law, usage,
or custom vvhatsoevei to the contrary notwithstanding.
# The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the pro-
posed amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to be inserted in lieu of the original bill after
the enacting; clause.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it:
And the loyal owner or owners of the wife or children of
all slaves taken into the military service of the United
States ehall he entitled to a jiif-t compensation for such
wife and children of said skive-*, which may be taken from
such owner or owners, to be aseeitained by thiee commis-
sioners to be appointed by the judge of the United States
district cotnt for the district in which the wile and chil-
dren ofanv slave so mustered into the military service may
reside, which commissioners shall make a detailed repoit
to said judge, who shall approve or remand the. =ame to
the said commission? rs, and when the report shal 1 have been
affirmed by said judge, the owner or owners of any wite
and children atoienaid, bhall he paid fcueh  um-> as said re-
port may state they ate entitled to,out of any money mthe
Treasury not otherwise apptopriated.
Mr. Piesident, 1 assumed some days ago, and
I think established by the most overwhelming
amount of authoiity, that pioperty existed in
slaves, and furthermore, that I thought no sane
man couldcontrovert that position. I shallconsider
both these propositions to be established by the
authorities which I then adduccd, and shall treat
the subject as though the property of the o Wneis of
slaves, ay well in the husband th.it is t a Icon into the
military service as in his wife and children, was
conceded; at any rate that it is established.
The most extraordinary positions that I have
ever heard asserted and endeavored to be main-
tained by argument in relation to pioperty, or that
1 ever read of, have been made in this Senate. I
believe propositions about parallel an* made in the
present mid were made in the late House of Rep-
resentatives of the (Jnited States Congivss. in
addition to the most extravagant and, as I think,
utterly unsound and untenable position, that prop-
erty cannot exist in a slave, was one announced
on the last«day that this subject, was up in this
body, that the General Govei nment had a right to
take private property without making any com-
pensation at the time, or making any regulations
to secure compensation m the future.
If these doctiine.s weic attempted to be carried
into effect again art, the constituency of the mem-
bers of this body and of the other Hou^e who
have assumed them, I .suppose they would soon
adopt my opinions of them. I hold, sir, that the
Constitution and the laws in lelation to private
property, and the power of the General Govern-
ment over private property, are the same exactly
without regard to the class of property. The
General Government has no higher right to inter-
fere with property in slaves than it has in lands,
or hoists, or any other subject of property.
Here is a plainly wntten provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and almost every I
State in the Union has in its constitution a simi-
lar provision: i!
" No person shall be deprived ofHfe, liberty,or pioperty, ;i
without due process of Jaw; nor bhall private property be ij
taken for public use, without just compensation." Ji
Sir, whatdoes this bill propose to do ? To take '
the wife and the children of every slave man who n
may be mustered into the military service of the
United States from their owners, not only with-
out just compensation but without any compen-
sation at all. Was there ever a more unjust and
unconstitutional! proposition made in a legislative
body? I estimate that the average number of
slaves to the soldier that would be taken by this
provision would be four—a wife and three chil-
dren. The average price of the wife and three
children would be at least $500, and I believe
more. I have entire confidencethatif the United
States Government would cease its,war upon that
property it would soon rise'largely above that
sum. ft is now proposed in the Senate of the
United States, as a legislative measure, under a
Constitution guarantying to all property-holders
a just compensation for their property before it
shall be taken for public use, to deprive the own-
ers of every such wife and children of them of
a property worth $2,000, without making any
compensation for that property.
A Republican Senator'-some days since said
that the number of negro recruits which would
be required of Kentucky would be aboutten thou-
sand. Estimating a wife and three children as the
average of each one, at §500 per head, and there
will be forty thousand which you propose to take
from their owners without one cent of compen-
sation. Forty thousand slaves would be worth
$20,000,000. How soon you will rob us of the
lesidue of our slave property, in this or some
other way, no person can predict. Yankee in-
vention and ingenuity seem to have lost none of
their fertility in the matter of depriving us of our
slaves against Constitution and law.
Mr. President, there are a great many vicis-
situdes in this life, and those vicissitudes are as
rapid and as extreme in politics and in the rise
and fa!! of political panics as in any other of the
concerns of man. Gentlemen seem to be exer-
cising their authority as though they not only had
a life-estate in their present places and power,
but as though they had an estate in fee-simple, in
perpetuity, in it. They will wake up one of these
days to the conclusion that they have indulged a
most fatal delusion. I hope that that day is not
long to be postponed. Then we s^all see the
political nostrums which the party in power have
been compounding for their opponents in politics
tendered to them, and they compelled to swallow
them down, and what an awful squirming there
will be! What a change will then come over
these dominating, unjust, and oppressive men;
over their sense of light and wrong, and of the
protection which is due to them by their Govern-
ment under the express and plainly written guar-
antees of the Constitution !
Sir, I was amazed that the honorable Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessknden,] a gentleman of
rnie ability and generally of very just modes of
thinking, should have assumed the position, when
he addressed the Senate a few days since, that
the Governmentmight take private property with-
out providing any compensation for it by law,
looking to the future and to the sovereign pleas-
ure of t{ie legislative department of the Govern-
ment whether they would ever make any pro-
vision to compensate the owner or not. But that
position of the honorable Sermtor was not so un-
souiKband extravagant as that assumed by other
gentlemen, that the Government had the right to
take tins property, not only without making any
compensation for it but avowing at the time that
their purpose was never to make such compen-
sation; and that the United States Government had
the power thus to rob and despoil all and any class
of citizens, discriminating to further their own
sinister, corrupt, and selfish purposes.
Sir, suppose the woids which I have read fiom
our Constitution wore embodied in a contract
between twfo individuals; that one sold a landed
estate to another, and in the contract it was pro-
vided before the purchaser should have the i ight of
property, or possession, just compensation should
\ye made to the vendor of the property for it.
How would the honorable Senator from Maine,
as a sound lawyer, construe such a contract?
How would the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] interpret such a contract? Those Sen-
atois learned in the law know that there are three
classes of contracts: one independent, second de-
pendent, and the third mutual; and that a contract
embracing the substance of the language embodied
in the Constitution between two individuals would
be a mutual contract; and the stipulations entered
into by the respective parties would have to be per-
formed at the §ame time by each party; ortogive
to either party the benefit of the con tract, he would
have to be ready and offer to cxecute"it on his
part; and the one failing could not claim the ex-
ecution, or any right under it; and if the other
party had covenanted for the sale of property by
it, his right to the possession and title of the prop-
erty would not be impaired; but he, being in no
default, could hold the other liable in damages for
his defalcation.
When the Constitution provides that private
property shall not be taken for public use with-
out just compensation, itmeans both substantially
and literally that no owner of property shall have
it taken for public use without receiving at the
time of its being taken just compensation, or such
compensation being then secured to him and to
be paid within a reasonable tjme. Why, sir, if
all the horses that have been purchased from the
Northwest had been taken just as it is now pro-
posed to take negroes from their owners, would
the Northwest have ever submitted to such in-
justice, such robbery? Who will say they ought
to have submitted to it? No, sir. it.wouldbe
their own Government plundering and robbing
them against the express provision of the Con-
stitution. They would have had a right to resist,
and they could h«ve successfully resisted in the
courts of law the depriving them of their prop-
erty until a just compensation was made or se-
cured to them for it. Failing in that resort, they
would have h«d the right to redress themselves.
Sir, the courts of most of the States have dis-
tinctly sustained this great principle. Private
property cannot be taken for public use without
full and fair compensation being made or secured
to the owner before he is deprived qf its posses-
sion. They have decided expressly, as any man
of sound sense and of a just comprehension of
right and Wrong would decide, that if the owner
have his property taken from him without such
compensation made or secured to him, it would
infract a right solemnly guarantied to him by an
express provision of the Constitution,and would
not divest or impair his title to the property. If
all that vast amount of Army supplies that have
been manufactured in the North and sold to Uie
United State* Government, amounting to hun-
dreds of millions, and I have no doubt to a thou-
sand million dollars, had been taken from the
manufacturers, from the inhabitants of the free
States, from those who claim to be the peculiar
and the almost exclusive loyal men of the coun-
try, without makingthem compensation—if such
a proffer Was made to them as would be compre-
hended in the position of the Senator from Maine
at the head of the Finance Committee a few d^iys
since, would there have been one man of ,all the
sellers of those Army supplies to the Government
of the United States, would there hove been one
of their representatives in either House of Con-
gress but what would have entered his protest
against such oppression and robbery?
Sir, I was also surprised ata position assumed
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, who
is at the head of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
[Mr. Doolittle,] that tlfe legislative depart-
ment of the GovQrnmenthas a right to take prop*
erty for public use, and itself assess the value of
that property. I wondered that so able and sound
a lawyer as that honorable Senator is should have
taken so unsound and so untenable a position.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is now the time for call-
ing up the unfinished business of the last sitting
of the Senate; and i will say to the honorable Sen-
ator that there was a bill pending then in relation
to the Indian department in California, which I
wish to have come up at one o'clock. It now
wants but a minute or two of that time, and per-
haps I may as well interrupt the Senator at this
point of his speech, and ask that that bill be now
taken up, unlesshe very much piefers to finish his
speech now. If so, I shall wait till he is through.
It will take but a shoit time to dispose of that
bill; and it is very important that it should be
disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. I am willing to consult the pleas-
ure of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin and
to submit myself to what the Senate shall decide
in relation to his proposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose I am entitled
to call up the unfinished business atone o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It comes up with-
out any motion at one o'clock,
Mr. JOHNSON. It is one o'clock now
