18G4.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
168
The Secretary read the following advertise-
ments from the Kentucky Commonwealth of Mon- i
day, January 4, 1864: * j
XOTJOE. !
There was committed to the Carroll cotmty as aiun- 1
away slave, negio man calling himself Ed. Williams. He
is about five feet eight or nine inches high, light complex-
ion, nineteen years of' age, had on when taken up a stuped
ea^simere box coat, black telt hat, and gray mi^ed pant?,
and in his possession umoilcloth and blanket, nmiked with
the letters (J. S. ile was taken itom the steamer Puma
Donna, at the wharf at Ciurollton, Cuiroll county, Ken-
tucky. Says he belongs to Paik Tovvnseiul, of Ilunt^ville,
Alabama.
The owner can conic rmvvard, jm>ve property, and pay
charges. Ar ho will bo dealt with a> the law i e(iuires.
• ° ' DAVID OWEK,J. U.O.
December 17, 1S63.
NOTICE.
There wn* committed to the jail of HairUon county, as
a runaway s lave, a negro lioy calling htmself John. He is
about seventeen > ears' of" nge, weighs about one hundred
and liitj pound-, copper color, about five feet nine inches
hs'ih. .r-ay.s lie belongs to Brown Paton, of Alabama.
"The ownec can come fonvaid, prove property, and pay
chaises-, or he will be dealt with a-> the law lequiies.
JOHN BRUCE, J. fi. 0.
December 7, 1833.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have a desk-full nf
newspapers that are full of advertisements of that
sort.- While slavery is dying* out in Maryland
and Missouri, in Kentucky it seems to be gaming
strength. It is a fact known to the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Brown] and to myself that they
are running; slaves from Missouri into Kentucky.
Some provision should be made, it seems to tin1,
by Congress foi enlisting negroes in Kentucky if
theic is no such law now in force.
I desire to notice a statement made by the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] as to the progress
made by the Government in the organizing of
negro troops. I had the honor of organizing the
fust regiment of negro troops m-this war. They
were raised in the anti-slavery State of Kansas
We were four months preparing public sentimen1.
• in that anti-slavery State before we dared to show
our Ironsides to the people. The public senti-
ment of the North had to be educated for negro
troops; old prejudices had to be removed tfr mod-
ified; and it does seem to me that in the organ-
ization uf negro troops the Government has made
ail the progress that public sentiment would pei-
mit; sagaciously making haste slowly on this
subject; not leading but closely following public
opinion.
• I desire aiso to make a statement as to the
board for the examination of officeis for colored
troops. I suppose the Senatoi from lownalludes
to the board lure of which General Casey is the
pie&kknt. i ha\e recommended as many poisons
for examination by that bonrd as any other Sen-
ator Every single one of those that I have recom-
mended has passed that board. A young man
came from Kansas last week who had been tn the
service one campaign. 1 recommended him to
tin; board, and lie passed at once, and lias his
commission now. ! remember another instance
of a recommendation of o private soldier who had
been in the regular Army for nine years—a pri-
vate in the ranks for nine years._ I recommended
him, and he passed at once. I differ with the Sen-
ator from Iowa as to where the well-qualified offi-
cers should serve. It seems to me that negro
troops should have the best officeis that we can
furnish them—officers of talent, officers of edu-
cation, anti-slavery officers, who will sympathize
with the mJn under their command. 1 do hope,^
having seen the manner in which the people of
Kentucky are treating as good materiel in my
opiuiun as any other, that the chairman of the
Military Committee, if the Government is, not
ptvpaied to'seize the slaves of Kentucky and
force them into the lanks, will propose a law for
that purpose. In my opinion all the black men,
free and slave, should be exhausted before white
men are drafted.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, in the State
of Maryland we have raised a large number of
men under the lead of General Birney, a son of
.lames G. Birney, who inherits the principles ot
Ins father, and v. ho is one of the most devoted
and faithful we htive in the scrvice of the
United Sfites. He has officered those regiments
I'm,ill me i u ho have passed before this board, and
ii. mv ]isd^l v.«t, d'rived from the information
u'.tl ,, i,' j.7:n .-"d brothers, no regiments in the
'iiv.- „i r:i bi-ircr otEreivd. fn General
Butler's department, he said to me the other day
that he had raised since he went there, only a few
weeks ago, three thousand colored men. They
had some raised there before; General Wilde had
raised a brigade in North Carolina. General
Wilde belongs to that class of men who know
what this war is about, and whose heart is in it.
He believed in raising these troops, and he had
them well officered. We are raising in the State
of Tennessee a large number of men, because
there we have the influence of Andrew Johnson,
who is for raising these troops and for making
Tennessee what she ought to be, a free State.
Down in the department of the Gulf we have
raised probably twenty thousand black men,and
we have officcred them as best we could; perhaps
they arc not so well officered there as the regi-
ments nearer the city of Washington, whose offi-
cers have passed through an examination before
this board. Still we arc improving thete; and
everywhere in the country, with possibly the ex-
ception of the States ofMis&uiii and Kentucky,
theraisingof colored troops is progressing finely.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission of
the Senator from Massachusetts, I will st.Ue that
in the State of Missouri now, under the order
made by General Schofield under the direction of
the President, the negroes, as I understand, are
being very rapidly enrolled; at least in my par-
ticular section of the State. I hear some com-
plaints in regard to it from other sections; but in
my section of the State my infoimation is that
there will scarcely be any able-bodied negroes left.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that to be the
case in regaid to portions of Missomi,and in fact
I suppose we nve making some progress there,
thouirh pethaps not as much as we ought to make.
I leceived to-day a letter from a surgeon in the
Ui.ited'Siaies service in which he says: " 1 wish
to call your attention to outiages perpetrated on
the negro recruits at this post;" (that is, Beirton
barracks;) " they aie haiassed and annoyed by
conservative coppeihead piovost marshals find
other Government officers before they arrive
here." Then he says the proper rate is not taken
ofthem there,and recommends that certain things
shall be done. 1 placcd the letter this morning
in the hands of the Secietai y of War, to see the
suggestions tl^re made* which I think very good
ones.
Now, sir, a woid in regard to Kentucky. The
Senator asks if (he Government has enudfed the
colored men of Kentucky. I cannot answer the
cjuestion, although 1 have understood that the
Government has enrolled the itec colored men of
Kentucky. In our bnv we provided for the en-
rollment of " citizens," and perhaps the Secro-
taiyof War had doubts in regtml to iheconsliuc-
tmn of that term. I have none. I believe that
the nntive-bom slave in this country is as much
d citizen as any member of the Senate of the
United States, 'i have not a doubton that point.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Has not the Supreme
Court decided differently?
Mr. WILSON. The Supreme Court made a
decision which I do not choose at this time to go
into, the effect of which was to rule a man out of
court. That is all they did, as I understand.
The Attorney Geneial of the United States has
decidf d that a black man is a citizen if he is fice;
and he does not raise the question it he is asiave.
I take it that neither the Attorney General noi
any other lawyer can show any reason why a
black man, whether a slave or not, is not a citi-
zen, any more than he can show why a man who
is twenty-two yeais old is a citizen and a man
who is twenty is not a citizen. Howuvei, I will
pass by that question.
Little has been done in the State of Kentucky,
for the reason that Kentucky to-day is the only
State m the Union that maintains the cause of
slavery or carries its flag. Delaware has taken
her position; Maryland lias taken hers, and so
have West Virginia and Missouu, Tennessee,^
which was excepted from the proclamation of
freedom, is taking her position under the influ-
ence of And rew Johnson and the patriotic men ot
that St.to. But, sn, Kentucky passed into the
hands of a conservative class or politicians, who
started in the fiist place to hold her m a neutral
position, vvheie she could dictate terms to the
country. They undeitook then to dictate to the
President, but they faih d, and now they aiede-
nouncing him. That class of poiitieian^* how-*
ever, is passing .away, even in Kentucky.. The
people are ripening there as they are ripening
everywhere else; and when the next opportunity
comes for Kentucky to speak, I entertain not the
shadow of a doubt that she will speak by an ove'r-
whelming majority, jnst as Missouri and Mary-
land and Delaware and WestVirginiahavespoken.
I think the Government has dealt rather tenderly
in not enlisting colored men in that State. If i
hud the power I would enlist every black,tree man
who was willing .to enlist and every slave,who
was willing to enlist, and ask no leave of Ken-
tucky politicians orof sl&vemasters in Kentucky,
but t would put them into the sei vice at once.
Now, sir, a word in regard to this board. Gen-
eral Casey is chairman of the board, and I say to
| the Senator from Iowa what I know to be the fact,
that a more true, loyal, faithful mandoesnotbear
the commission of (he United States than General
Casey. Hi: is in favor of enlisting black troops,
and was early in favor of it. He is in favor of:
giving them good officers, men qualified to com-
mand, men of personal character and individual
honor. 1 do not entertain a doubt that the men
who have passed that board are better fitted for
' their places than are the officers of the average
| white regiments of the country. I know that Gen-
I oral Casey believes that the colored troops ought
i to have better officers than white troops, that they-
1 ought to have men whose sympathies are with
] them, who will treat thum kindly, biUfirmly,men
i of intelligence and of character qualified for their
j positions, and I know that he has striven to give
! them such officers. I wish all the colored troops
i in the country were as well officered as the troops
are whose officers have passed before the board
presidtd over by this man, in whose character,
m whose devotion to the country I have as much
confidence as in any man who is beating the com-
mission of the United States.
I do not believe there is any change in the head
of the War Department. I know it is fashion-
able to denounce Mr. Stanton, and to complain of
him everywhere. He came into that office with
a vehement, intense, and passionate devotion to
prosecuting the war and breaking down the rebel-
lion. Helias labored with an industry and zeal
unsurpassed. He may have decided questions
sometimes without dueexamination. Heisaman
of gieat vigor and promptitude, and may some-
times have acted with haste; but I have ever
found him willing to correct a mistake when he
had made it, or to right a wrong when he had
committed it; and I believe the time is coming,
and that it is not far distant, when the American
people will acknowledge a debt of gratitude to the
vigor, the knowledge, and the fidelity of Edwin
M. Stanton.
Sir, I see that the hour of four o'clock has ar-
rived; I had hoped we should finish this bill to-
day, but I now think we shall not be^able to do
so. 1 wish to have a short executive session
winch is said to be important; but before moving^
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business I offer an amendment to this
bill which I ask the Senaie to have printed that
we may iiavo it before us to-monow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also desire to submit an
amendment time it may Ik; printed.
The pioposed amendments were leceived m-
foimally, and ordeu:d 10 be printed.
MESSAGE F110J1 THE I10CS1S.
A message fiom the House ofItepresenfaiives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced«that
the House had passed a bill (No, 65) to change
the piece of hold i ng the en cult and district courts
of the United States for the district of West Ten-
nessee, and for other purposes; ill which the con-
cm rence of the Senate was requested.
• ENROLLED BII.LS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House.of Representatives lmd signed the
! following enrolled joint resolutions; which there-
! upon received the signature of the Vice President:
j A joint resolution (H. It. No. 15) to provide
for tlu prinUnirannuaUy of the report of the Com-
j missioiier of Internal Revenue; and
i A joint resolution (II. R. No. 16) to continue
I the liounties heretofore paid.
! COURTS IX TENNESSEE.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, with
I the consent of the Senate, will present a bill for
