i6&
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 12,
reference before putting the question on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The bill (H. II. No. 65) to change the place of
holding the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted Stares for the district of West Tennessee, and
for other purposes, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceededtothe consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 12, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House addi-
tional evidence in the contested-election cases
from the Territory of Dakota and the third con-
gressional district of Missouri; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
EXPENDITURES OF WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a statement showing the expenditures of
appropriations applicable to the service of the
War Department, balances on hand,and so forth;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ex-
penditures of the War Department, and ordered
to be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES STATE DEPARTMENT
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting a statement showing the manner of dis-
bursement ofthe*continge t fund of said Depart-
ment, the contingent expenses of foreign missions,
and so-forth; which was referred to tiie Commit-
tee on the Expenditures of the State Department,
and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO A MEMBER.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to what I believe to be
a question of privilege. My colleague, Mr. Har-
rington, is necessarily obliged to" be absent dur-
ing the present week on pressing business. I
move that he have leave of absence until Friday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMEASUREMENT OF VESSELS, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to Inquire into the expediency of amending the taw of
1799 in regard to the admeasurement of vessels; and ai^o
of piovidiuf.' by law a punishment of masters and owners
of vessels for changing their mimes, and similar iiuuilulent
practices ; and also amending tiie revenue act of July 14,
18G2, and other acts on the same subject.
' Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
n bill to regulate the admeasurement of tonnage
of ships and vessels of the United States; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PLATTSliUltG PORT OF ENTRY.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to reestablish the prin-
cipal port of entry for the district of Champlain
atPlattsburg, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
LIEUTENANT WILLIAM P. RICIITElt.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, by unanimousronsont,
introduced a bill for the relief of Lieutenant Wil-
liam P. Richter, seventy-seventh regiment Ohio
volunteer infantry; which was read aiirstand sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated the next business ill
Older to be the call of committees for reports.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. AT,LEY, fron'i the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back a memorial
in relation to more speedy railroad communica-
tion between the cities of Washington and New
York,and asked that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the special committee on that subject.
It was so ordered.
COURTS IN WESTERN TENNESSEE.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with amendments, a bill
(H. R. No. 65) to change the places of holding the
circuit'and district courts for the district of West-
ern Tennessee, and for other purposes; and moved
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendments were agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ngly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
JURISDICTION OF COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. WILSON also, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, a bill (H. R.
No. 66) concerning the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims.
The bill was read. It enacts that the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims shall not extend to
or include any claim against the-United States
growing out of the destruction or appropriation
of or damage to property by the Army or Navy,
except in such cases as may, by special resolution
of either House of Congress, be referred to said
court for adjudication.
The amendment was to strike out the words
except in such cases as may, by special resolu-
tion of either House of Congress, be referred to
said court for adjudication."
Mr. WILSON moved the previous question on
the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. The object of this bill is to
retain in the hands of Congress the adjudication
of claims growing out of damages done to prop-
erty by our troops in the progress of this war.
There is some danger of this jurisdiction being
assumed by the Court of Claims. I understand
that the question is already there; and in order
that the jurisdiction may be held by Congress
until some general plan is devised for the settle-
ment of such claims as the Government should
settle, this bill is reported. I move.the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the bill been printed ?
Mr. WILSON. No.
Mr. STEVENS. It is a very important bill,
and I hope it will be allowed to go over and be
printed. It strikes me that the bill is not such a
one as I should vote for.
Mr. WILSON. The bill consists of only three
or four lines, and is very easily comprehended.
I think it importantthatthis matter should be set-
tled now, before claims accumulate, and before
the Treasury of the Government is embamtssed
to a greaterextent, perhaps, by these claims than
by all the expenses of tiie Army and Navy. It
merely reserves the question to Congress, pro-
viding that the Court of Claims shall not have
that jurisdiction.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker,I hope that this
bill will bo allowed to go over, so that we may
have an opportunity of examining the law of the
matter. It is a very important question. 1 am
not sure but that persons are legitimately entitled
to be paid for the losses sustained by them in con-
sequence of the acts of our own military author-
ities during this war, and should be allowed to
bring their claims before the Court of Claims as
well as if they were claims arising under con-
tracts. I think that this is a very harsh measure
toward those who suffer by the acts of our own
troops. As to claims for losses inflicted y the
enemy, I know very well that they are not to be
thought of. But in regard to acts done by our own
troops, by order of our own military officers, I see
no reason why claims for compensation should be
deferred, or why jurisdiction of them should be
taken from the Court of Claims. At all events,
I would rather have a little time to think over the
matter, and to see the bill in print. Otherwise I
shall be obliged to vote against it.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion ?
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, therearemany
claims, not only of great importance to the parties
urging them but of equal justice with any others
that may be presented against the Government,
the nature of which will make it impossible that
they can be investigated by Congress. The ma-
jority of the members voting for the bill which
was passed at the last session of Congress re-
ferred the matter to the decision of the Court of
Claims for two reasons: in the first place, to relieve
Congress of that immense labor; and secondly,
that justice might be done to the claimants. After
the passage of that act a doubt was raised,tp my
utter surprise, whether it conferred that jurisdic-
tion or not on that court.
These claims arise in this way: frequently there
is a written contract, but not such as can be rec-
ognized by the quartermaster, the commissary,
or the paymaster's department under the regu-
lations of tile War Department, or there is an
irregular or informal receipt or voucher given to
parties for goods taken.
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will allow me, claims of that nature are
piovided for in another measure which the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary will hereafter report to
the House. I mean in reference to the claims
upon the quartermaster's department, or the de-
partment of the commissary of subsistence.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say a word.
Mr. COX. We cannot hear on thisside of the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. Thegentlemanreferstoother
measures. Now, suppose that it is necessary foe
the Government of the United States to take prop-
erty for the object of the Army; suppose that the
Army batters down and destroys-houses which
are in the way of military operations, and turns
families out of doors;,if 1 undeistand the gentle-
man from Iowa, all such questions are to be re-
served to some indefinite period m the future-.
Instead of allowing claims to go before the Court
of Claims, and the claimants to take the chance
of securing appropriations to pay them by Con-
gress, they are to be put off, for any thing that we
know, to the death of the parties who are enti-
tled to justice. 1 cannot recognize anything of
that kind. I am not ready for that measure.
I think that this is a harsh measure, ltoughtto
have some modification deliberately made, and we
ought not to be called upon to pass at once a bill
of three lines, involving the comforts and lights
of thousands of our people who are now suffering.
It is hasty legislation.
Mr, WILSON. I do not think that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has any right to com-
plain of what he may term hasty action on bills
of this kind. I think that many important meas-
uies coming from the Committee of Ways and
Means are acted on, to say the least, with consid-
erable haste. But let that pass. 1 want to go to
the meuts of this question.
Mr. Speaker, when we undeistand the histoiy
of this question, I think theie ought to be no hesi-
tancy on the part of the House in the adoption of
the pending bill. The Judiciary Committee 'of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress did not believe that
they were conferring upon the Court of Claims
juiisdiction in the cases referred to by this bill,
and it is now a question, I understand, whether
the Court of Claims will assume it. It is prob-
able, however, that they willassume jurisdiction.
I know that tiie Committee on the Judiciary of
the Thirty-Seventh Congtess did not believe that
they were recommending the passage of an act
that would confer that jurisdiction upon the'Court
of Claims. This bill will simply place the law as
the committee of the last Congress intended that
it should be. Nor will it change what I appre-
hend was the belief of the House as to the effect
of that bill amending the law concerning the es-
tablishment of the Court of Claims. It is im-
possible to pass any law in relation to the ques-
tions growing out of the progress of this war that
will not work hardship in some cases. But the
question hero is whether the House will leave this
