1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 15) to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Montana, was read twice by its
title and referred to the Committee on Territories.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider th.e amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the fourth
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
34) making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1865;"anu
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the fourth amendment of
the Senate to the said bill, and ask a conference on the
disagreeing votos of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered^ That the eonfercs on the pait of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President.
The Vice Presidentappointed Mr. IIowis, Mr.
Harris, and Mr. Willky.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that we proceed
to the consideration of the bill which was laid
aside at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed (o; and the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 41) to promote en-
listments in the Army of the United States, and
for other purposes; the pending question being
or\ the amendment of Mr. Dayis to the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Wilson.
Mr. DAYIS. I will proceed with the remarks
1 was making. I had got to the point of saying
a few words in attacking the position assumed by
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin. I had
expressed my surprise that a gentleman of his
ability, of his legal learning:, and of his usually
fob* and just judgment in relation to all questions
of truth and law, should have assumed so strange
a position as that which he announced the other
day, that one of the parties to a tiansaetion of
taking private propeity for public use has the
right himself (to use the pcisonul pionoun) to
assess the value of that property.
Mr. DOOLlTTLhh Will the .Senator from
Kentucky allow me to interrupt him at tins point ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would agree with the
honorable Senntoi that a party to the Caking of
the property would not have the right to assess
it. for himself; but the mistake into which I he
honorable gentleman falls is, in supposing that
Congress is a parly to the taking of the propei ty.
I say Congress is not a party. It is the IJmtid
States that take the propeity, and Congiess is a
disinterested agent of both panics, both of ihe
Government and of the individual, to legislate for
the rights of the Government and for (he rights
of the individual. We do not take it; itdoesnot
become our property. We have no inieiest in
the property taken. We have no more interest
in U than the judges luivc who sit in thcSupicme
Court; and if the judges of the Supreme Court
were Called upon to decide how much .should be
given for a certain piece of pioperty,it would not
be they that would take it.
Mr. President, I agree that when we do take
private property for public use we must either
pay for it or we must pi o vide the means—the legal
means by which the party \yhose property is taken
may obtain pay lor it. It is not necessary that
ihe money should be paid down. It is enough
if the agents of the Government, 111 the exercise
of this 3over< ign power of eminent domain over
privatfc propeny which they exercise when they
take for public use ptivate property, provide the
mean.; by which the owner shall have his pay.
That is a compliance with the constitutional pio-
vision.
Now, the point I took, and upon which I feel
prepared to defend myself, is that it the legislative
power in the exercise of this sovereign nghLof
eminent domain, nut in behalf of themselves but
in behalf of the people of the United Slates whom
they iepresent, choose themselves to estimate the
value of the property taken, instead of appoint-
ing an agent to estimate its value, they have rhc
power to do so. Let me put a ease. Suppose
we should want to take a piece of pioperty atihe
mouth of a river—I will say at the mouth of the
Mississippi nver~on which to buiJda fort for the
Government, and that piece of property belonged
to A B; the Constitution says we shall not take
that property from him without making him com-
pensation, but we may take it on making him
compensation. Now, suppose Congress should
send down the Committee on Military Affairs to
see this property, to see its condition, to see its
necessity, to see its value, and the committee
should return to Congress and inform them of its
value, its necessity, its military position, and Con-
gress then, upon the evidence which they fur-
nished, should, as the supreme tribunal, assume
to act in assessing that value, it would not be a
violation of the Constitution. I would maintain
that position before any court anywhere.
I know that it is not a convenient mode of pro-
ceeding for a legislative body, composed as it is
of so many members, to make tins appraisal
themselves, or to send a committee of their body
to examine and pass upon the value of the piece
of property, and therefore it is not usually done.
They usually provide that a sheriff may summon
a jury, or that a court may summon a jury, or
they may appoint commissioners without any
jury, to appraise the value of the property to be
taken. That ss what is usually done; but if the
legislative powerassumes to exercise this author-
ity itself it is a constitutional and a valid exercise
of the power.
What did we do here when we abolished sla-
very in the District of Columbia? Congress did
not assume to estimate the value of the slaves who
were emancipated; but Congress did assume to
say that in estimating the value of those slaves—
we, judging from our knowledge of the facts, from
our knowledge of the sunoundings, ftom our
knowledge of the. history of the country, from our
knowledge of the value <>f these things—assumed
to say that the commissionss appointed under
our act should not, estimate their value at more
than a cerium fixed sum, &,'JQ0 1 think. We as-
sumed to tix that limit. Wo had the constitu-
tional power to assume it. 1 have no doubt that
if we choose to estimate the value ourselves we
may do so. We can do what we may authoiize
an agent to do. t':iu an agon' of ours do what
we cannot, doour.M h es > j\ot at ail. Tha  would
make the neatiue above the creator. The truth
is th.it Congress mii do m relation to ! he cy\ i mall rig
of the value of properly that may be taken all that
any agent appointed by them may do, if they
choose fo be at the double and to exeie.ise the
power. That is the point 1 made, and I should
like to hear the honorable •.'ontleman answer it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Pi esnlent, I understood the
honoi able Senalor before, he made i his lengthy
explanation pieoivly a^ I do now. I gave way
to my honorable A u nd for an < x plana Hon, but
he has made a pieity lengthv speech, to whirls 1
do not object, lor it is a vet y good one. I only
say that i have got a little moiethan 1 baigauied
for, which is oiten my fate; but 1 will now pro-
ceed to notice the honorable Senator's position.
The honorable Senate* V aigument, m my opin-
ion, is merely a whipprhg ot Ihe dew! uround
the slump, lie assumes that Congiess may do
11 st-If in pei kou w hat it. may do by its age tils, lb:
assumes fiuihennoie (hat Congiess is not a party
to ihis transaction of taking private piopeily for
public use; and thai Oongtrss has the right to do
this act in the exercise of the power of eminent
domain. 1 submit tins proposition to the honor-
able Senator fiom Wisconsin: theie is no abso-
lute, unqualified right of eminent domain in the
United States Govei nment. That is a power not
exptessly conf-ned, but arising, I admit, from
the Constitution by mi.er-saiy implication; but
I lay down this position, which the honorable
Senator is too sound a lawyer to controvert: that,
this powei of inunent domain m quabfied by all
the provisions of the Consuiution; that a right
conferred or a power expressly vested, either of
which would clash with the exeinse of eminent
domain by the Government of th.e United States,
to that ext. nt overrules this implied powei ofem-
imeni domain; othoiwh-e we would have an un-
limited powei of eminent domain in a limited Gov-
ernment. Each State has 'he power of eminent
domain within its limits, < x<"ept &o ferns it is re-
siiict "d by the powers eonfei ,<d on the F< 'lend
Government by the Cons' itniion, ami which may
be exeieised agah.st the Umhd Shtics as well as
a citizen of the State. A State may establish a
road over lands owned by the United Slates within
her limits; and m the exercise of her power of
eminent domain could appropriate so much of the
land as would be needful. This is a well estab-
lished principle. ^ %
I will now meet.the second proposition of the
Senator. He says that Congress is not a party
to this transaction; that the property is taken for
the United States Government by Congress, a
disinterested agent, and that Congress has the
right to exercise this agency itself or by sub-
agents appointed by its laws. The Senator's ar-
gument proves too much. Why will Congress
proceed to assess the damages at all if it may do
the act by its agent? Why not permit the pro-
vost marshals and the other military subalterns
who take this property to assess its value? Ac-
cording to the Senator's argument, Congress
would have the constitutional power to vest that *
authority in the military subalterns who take the
property, and might dispense with acting on the
subject itself, and remit it wholly to military agen-
cy. That mode would be most convenient to Con-
gress, and might not be more unjust to the owner
of the property.
The Senator furthermore said that Congress ex-
ercised this power of limiting the value of negro
pioperty byits act emancipating theslavesin this
Distiiet. f admit it; hut 1 have always con-
tended, and I yet maintain, that that was an act
of usurpation as well as flagrant injustice to the
owners of the slaves, by reason of their inade-
quate valuation, on the part of Congress. But
because Congiess did in that case pass an act of
injustice and ofinfraction of the Constitution, does
that furnish any leason for the perpetration of a
similar outrage? No, sir; but the contrary. Stop
the evil before it has grown and received some
sanction by repetition and time. But the Senator
has not'directly assaulted the principle which I
assumed governed the question, and my position
is invulneiahlo: the ascertainment of the value of
pnvate property about to be taken for public use
is a judicial or ^urm-pulicud inquny, and cannot
be made or perfoimed by the legislative bianch of
tho Government. The value is a question be-
tween two parties, the United States being one
and t he owner of the property the other. I concede
that Congress may by law establish an agency, in
the form of a couit. or commission, to determine
ihe value; but the inquny and the mode of in-
quiiy would be of the nature of a judicial pro-
ceeding and is so held in England, m the courts
o{ the United States, and all the Slates.
.Mi. DOOLLTTLIS. If the Senator will allow
me to jisiei ntpt him 
Ah. DAVIS. Kxcuse me,if >ou please. Al-
though the g< nth man sometimes refuses me ti at
opportunity,! have no objection to explanations;
but 1 o'.jiof to interlarding a long speech in my
sj'oech when I have given way simply for an ex-
planation.
Air. DOOLITTLK. 1 am not awme of ever
ha\ mg declined to yield to the honorable Senator.
Air. DA VIS. 1 am not only aware of it, but
1 know it.
Air. DOOLITTLE. It may bo so. I once
called t he Hen a toi to <u det, but that way on a very
dilh lent m liter.
AI r. DA VIS. I once asked the courtesy of the
Sena'.-r to make an explanation, and he very
piomptly, 1 wil! not say mdely, but very prompt-
ly and \eiy decidedly refused, j will not retort
in the same way; and if he wdl make short ex-
planations, as I do, 1 will give linn the opportu-
nity at all times. However, if my honorable
filend wishes to make an-explanation, 1 willgive
my consent, whether it be short or long.
Air. DOOL1 PTLE. The qu< slum I waygoing to
put to the honorable Senator was this: whether on
the presentation ofall claims that individuals have
against the. Government which are propeity—a
claim against the Government is property—do
not our Committees on Claims report the facts;
and w hen Congress acts do they not act m a quasi-
judicial as well as legislative capacity in passing
on the question as to how much shall be given to
the sndn idual '
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; but that is a question
of making payment of a debt, and not judicially
asceitatnii'.g Us amount. If it were She lat-
ter, whatever Congiess decide m the -premises
would govi rn and conclude the case ever after-
wards. Hut it is a common case fur one Congress
to .eject a claim, and for it to be presented again
to many succeeding Congress,' and finally for
