3162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
vessels already constructed and a place to repair
them and construct others; and we want it at
this time, if ever; but the Senator proposes a
commission to make an examination and report.
Now, sir, has not the Senate some knowledge of
this locality? Is not every member of this body
familiar with the Mississippi river ? Does not
every person here know, without an examination
by naval officers,that the Mississippi river never
freezes over at Cairo ? Does not every member
know that it does freeze over above Cairo? Does
not every person at all acquainted with the his-
tory of the country know, and does it require any
naval officer to report it, that only last winter,
for weeks and I believe for months, the Missis-
sippi river was hermetically sealed between Ca-
rondelet and Cairo, and teams were crossing it
upon the ice T* Do we not also know that the
water between Carondelet and Cairo is so low
that the very vessels constructed up at Caronde-
let have not been able to get down to Cairo for
months
1 have before me an official map made by en-
gineers who measured the Mississippi river and
its waters, and it shows that the least low-water
diepth on the bars between the mouth of the Mis-
souri river and Cairo is but two feet. There are
times when there is only two feet of water be-
tween Cairo and Carondelet on the bars, and some
ofthe vessels now upon the western waters which
were constructed at Carondelet were tied up there
for months.
We know all this. We know that the Missis-
sippi and the Ohio unite their waters at Cairo,
and we know that from Cairo to the Gulf of Mex-
ico there is always a sufficient depth of water at
all seasons to float the naval craft which we have
upon the western waters. The Senator from
Missouri shakes his head. I ask him to furnish
me the evidence during this war of a single naval
vessel that has been delayed in getting to Cairo
by reason of low water.
Mr. BROWN. I call theattention of the Sen-
ator to the fact that some of the worst bars in the
Mississippi river are below Cairo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
answer my question.
Mr. GRIMES. I can answer it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Name.
Mr. GRIMES, Icannametothe Senatorsev-
eral vessels that struck on tho bar just below
Helena.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What were they?
Mr. GRIMES. Half a dozen vessels, iron-
clads—the Baron de Kalb, the Carondelet, and
others. There is one of the worst bars in the
neighborhood of Helena that there is in the Mis-
sissippi river.
Mr. BROWN. That proves the necessity of
fuither examination before we pass on the ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see. I have the
official report before me. The least low water on
the bars between Cairo and Memphis is five feet.
Mr. GRIMES. Our boats draw eight feet of
water.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You may have them
loaded so that they will draw eight feet of water.
But both the Senator from Iowa and the Senator
from Missouri have asserted that the worst bars
in the Mississippi are below Cairo. Now I have
got the official map of the engineers, which shows
that there is never less than five feet of water be-
low Cairo, and there are but two feet above it.
Thf>n what becomes of that assertion ?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Iowa did
not assert any such thing as that the worst bars
on the Mississippi river were below Cairo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I misunderstood the Sen-
tor, and beg his pardon.
Mr. BROWN. I said that some of the worst
Imrs in the Mississippi river were below Cairo,
as every steamboat man knows.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is the Senator
from Missouri who asserts it, and he says'that
every steamboat man knows what the engineers
who measured the water and who report officially
on the subject do not know. There is three feet
moieof wateron the shallowest place belowCairo
than there is above it. As I said, everybody
at all acquainted with this locality knows that
the river does not freeze below Cairo, that there
is no obstruction by ice. I have before me an
official report showing that the lowest deptli of
water on any of the bars between Cairo and
Memphis is five feet.
Mr. BROWN. May I ask the Senator what
he reads from ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. From the official report of
the engineer department. It may be true that
there may, at some particular stage of very low
water, be a time when some of the gunboats, load-
ed and armed, might not be able to pass some of
the bars. The Senator from Iowa has mentioned
such a case. I did not rempmber that any of the
boats had ever been detained by low water below
Cairo. It seems there has been such a case. I
was not aware of it. I know that it is only in
the very lowest stage of water, which very sel-
dom occurs, that a vessel could be detained. If
that be an objection to the establishment of a
navy-yard at Cairo, it certainly would be an equal
objection to the establishment of a yard anywhere
above Cairo, and that would lead to the necessity
of going below Helena, down, I suppose, to Mem-
phis 
Mr. RICHARDSON. Helena is below Mem-
phis.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Helena is below Mem-
phis. It would then involve the necessity of
going still below Helena. Does anybody pro-
pose to establish a navy-yard and depot below
Helena? I am quite sure the Senator from Iowa
would not propose any such thing now, and we
want this yard and depot for war purposes. So
much as to the question of the depth of water.
The Senator from Michigan, I believe, started
the objection 
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand the
Senator from Illinois. I have started no objec-
tion. He is entirely mistaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
from Michigan to assert that this was an un-
healthy location, subject to fever and ague. If I
misunderstood him 1 have no reply to make in
reference to it. There was, however, evidence
before the committee in regard to the health of
the locality.
Mr. HOWARD. I was making an inquiry
of the Senator from New Hampshire in respect
to the qualities of this location, and I said that I
had so understood, but I did not urge it as an
objection against Cairo. The Senator from Illi-
nois, he must allow me'to say, is entirely out of
the record when he charges any such thing as
that against me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. An inquiry was suggested
in regard to the health of the locality. Now, sir,
it was in evidence before the Committee on Naval
Affairs that so far from being an unhealthy location,
Cairo is one of the healthiest locations upon the
western waters anywhere. It is at the confluence
of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers. There is a
large expanse of water and there is always a cur-
rent of air at Cairo. The medical officers of the
Army who for the last three years have been about
Cairo, and some of the highest in position, sent
letters which were laid before the Committee on
Naval Affairs, testifying to the healthfulness of
Cairo, and stating that it is one of the most healthy
localities anywhere upon the western waters, and
going into some reasons to show why it is so in
consequence of the particular locality of the place.
The Mississippi river has been repeatedly sur-
veyed. It has been surveyed with reference to
improvement upon it. The corps of engineers
have made several surveys, and ! have now be-
fore me a map of the Mississippi river from St.
Louis down to the Gulf of Mexico, made under
the Topographical Bureau, I believe,some years
ago, showing all the bars and the depth of water
upon the bars, with a statement of the depth of
water at the lowest stages on the bars.
In addition to this, the attention of the country,
as I said before, has been repeatedly called since
this war began to the establishment of a western
naval depot by the Secretary of the Navy. He
has called the attention of naval officers to it. I
now hold in my hand—and on this alone, if there
were no other evidence, I think it is not unreason-
able to insist upon this small appropriation—a
communication of A. H. Foote, rear admiral
United States Navy, dated Washington, Febru-
ary, 1863. He says:
" The Importance of s navy-yard at some point on the
Mississippi river cannot be over-estimated, especially m
time of war."
There is the opinion of one of your admirals,
now deceased; an admiral who served with dis-
tinction, who discharged his duties upon the west-
ern waters to the satisfaction of the country and
to his own credit. He says:
"The importance of a navy-yard at some point on the
Mississippi river cannot be over-estimated, especially in
time of war.
" Regarding the best location for a navy-yard, I must
frankly confess that I am not atpresentpreparcdto give an
opinion wholly satisfactory to myself, not having visited
Memphis, nor given that attention to Carondelet, Cairo,
and Mound City, which is requisite in one who is thus sud-
denly called upon for his views."
He states this with characteristic modesty in
the commencement of his communication. He
then goes on to speak in reference to the various
places, giving the advantages and disadvantages
of each as he conceived them to be. He speaks
first of Carondelet:
" Carondelet, the first named, has a good water front, of
sufficient depth, I believe, at all seasons of the year, for
floating gunboats of any draught. The fact of tins point
having been selected in building four of the first iron-clad
boats that were launched on the western rivers, and all the
heavy iron-clads at present under contract on the Missis-
sippi river, seems to show that this place contains many
important advantages. Here there is no overflow in the
highest stage of the river, to say nothing of the advantage
of its being in the vicinity of so laige a city as St. Louis,
together with the gieat number of iron-clad gunboats con-
structed, and now being built, at this place.
" On the other hand, the disadvantagesof Carondeletarise
from insufficiency of water in the autumn and early part of
winter, preventing, at times, the large boats from reaching
Caiio. This obstacle may exist for three months in the
year, as will be seen by the correct tide or water table. Of
the tendency of the channel to diverge from its present
course, I have no data sufficient to form an opinion, la
the month of October, 1861, our four iion-clad gunboats
built by contract, as well as the purchased gunboats Ben-
ton and Essex, could not ho floated ovoi two or three of
the shoals until most of the coal, guns, and heavy stores
were taken out to lessen their draught to five feet. I be-
lieve tiat during nine months of the year, a general rule,
gunboat s of a di aught not exceeding seven feet might safely
leach Cairo without difficulty from shoal water. The city
of Caiio contains many advantages for a navy-yard. It
lies at the terminus of the Illinois Central railroad. It can
be easily defended against an attack, and has, on the Ohio
liver pait of the town, an extensive water front sufficient
to float gunboats of the heaviest draught. But, on the other
hand, the soil is alluvial, and in the highest stage of water
it is difficult, at tunes, to prevent the overflow ot the levee,
involving serious damages of material and stores. This
was the case m May last; the powder and shell could only
be safely stored aboard of steamers lining the levee, while
it affords no safe place for a magazine or even storehouses
containing perishable articles.
" Mound City, a distance of nine mtle«? up the Ohio river
from Cairo, has rather more elevation than Cairo. Al-
ready three iron-clad gunboats have been built there, and
this place has ' ways' tor hauling up and repairing steam-
eis. Like Carondelet, it also has facilities, though in a
lesser degree, for building and repairing pteamers. Still
the soil here in alluvial al o, and it is not well adapted for
the preservation of stores. A branch of the Illinois rail-
road extends to Mound City, but the place is not so well
adapted to defense as Cairo.
" I make no reference to the city of Memphis, othcrthan
to say I had no opportunity of visiting it, and therefore am
unable to appreciate its comparative advantages for a navy-
yard.
" Jf Carondelet should be selected for a navy-yard, a
subsidiary or auxiliary yard at Cairo or Mound City is be-
lieved to be essential while the water between St. Louis
and Cairo is at its lewest stage."
Thus Admiral Foote in any event, .even if Ca-
rondelet were selected as the place for a navy-yard,
says that an auxiliary or subsidiary yard at
Cairo or Mound City is believed to be essential.
Now, what do we ask in this bill? We ask an
appropriation of $200,000 for a navy-yard at or
ne&r Cairo. This bill will embrace Mound City; it
was intended to embrace both points; they are only
some six or seven miles apart; Mound City is up
the Ohio river a short distance. The bill as re-
ported by the committee would authorize the es-
tablishment of a navy-yard at either place. We
have the opinion of Admiral Foote, who served
on the western waters, a man having the confi-
dence of the whole country, modest and unas-
suming in his report as we see he is, that a yard
at one of these places is essential in any event.
And yet we find the Senator from Missouri op-
posing this bill because nobody has made any
examination or knows anything about it!
Again, sir, it is said in that report thatat Cairo
the soil is alluvial and liable to overflow. That
is true so far as the natural soil at Cairo is con-
cerned; but most of theSenators know that Cairo
which now contains a population of six or seven
thousand inhabitants, is surrounded by a levee
over which the water never comes. We had in
1844and in 1849 floods in the Mississippi river
unprecedented before that time so far as anybody
knew. The highest floods we have ever had since
the settlement of the country, or of which there is
