1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* 12M
an appropriation of money to be made to satisfy
it. Many cases have occurred where a less sum
than was claimed has been voted, and the case
being presented to subsequent Congresses, and an
additional sum being allowed and appropriated.
When a court or commissioners ascertain the
amount of a claim against the United States, Con-
gress makes provision for its payment by pass-
ing a law appropriating so much money in the
Treasury to the claimant. This is the exercise
of a legislative, not of a judicial power. A claim
against the United States may be certainly ascer-
tained by the most formal judicial proceeding;
and Congress may procrastinate or icfuse abso-
lutely to appropriate the money to satisfy it; or
it may appropriate such sum as it may choose
toward a claim before or without any judicial or
guittt-judiciul ascertainment of the claim or its
amount. But whether Congress does this with
or without such ascertainment the act of Congress
is strictly legislative, and in no sense judicial. 1
will illustrate the general position I have endeav-
ored to maintain by an example; and I regret my
ancient friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] is
not in his place. I have conversed some with
him about betlcrments. I believe that is the way
they phrase it in Vermont. In our State we say
improvements, ameliorations, but betterments is
probably more precise and expressive.
When land is sued for and recovered, and the
tenant has made impiovements, nearly all the
States have provided for commissioners to be ap-
pointed by the court for the purpose of ascertain-
ing and assessing the value of such impi ovements.
it is a very familiar and oft-repeated act in
every State where the action of ejectment or any
analogous suit for real estate prevails. Those
commissioners are appointed by the court uuder
the express authority of law. They are not par-
ties to tiie suit. They have nothing to do with
the action in which the property was recovered.
They act judicially or gitasi-judicially and hear
evidence. They assess the valucof the improve-
ments, and if either party is dissatisfied with the
assessment, lie excepts in the same court to then-
report, and the matteis of exception are heard
and adjudged by the*court which affirms the as-
sessment or sets it aside, and remands the ques-
tion of value back to the same or other commis-
sioners. The whole proceeding is judicial.
The proposition of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, that Congress may pass a law directing pri-
vate property to be taken for public use, and it-
self assess the value of the property, or imposea
limit beyond which it shall not be appraised or
the owner be remunerated, 1 controvert. Such
cases present two pai ties, the United Slates being
one and the owner of the propeuy the othet;
they having conflicting interests on (he question
of the value, and that point is to be decidcd upon
inspecting the subject, and hearing pronf of its
value, and by those lights forming ajudgment.
I do not know which position is most unsound:
that the derision of this matter is not the exercise
of a judicial power, or that a dopai tment of the
Government having only a limited legislative
power may exercise it.
But the bill under consideiation does not pro-
pose to pay for the property accoiding to an es-
timate made by a tribunal having no authority to
make it, or upon an inadequate valuation, but, to
wrest it forcibly fiom the owners without making
them any compensation. Sir, that can only be
defined to be governmental robbery in defiance of
(he restraints andgnarantees of the Constitution.
It would violate the sanctions of private property
assured by the common law, by Magna Charta,
by the Constitution of the United States, and most
aft the State constitutions, by the usages and ju-
dicial practice of the United States, by the public
and general law of the woild, and the forms and
modes of proceedings in all its most able and
learned courts. All the authorities in an unbroken
current, including the decisions of the highest
courts in the Senator's* own State, (Wisconsin,)
sustain my position, and I challenge him to ad-
duce a single respectable one against it.
Judge Story, in treating on this invaluable pro-
vision of the "Constitution s<ruiing private prop-
erty, and preventing it fiom being taken tor pub-
lic use without just compensation, says:
This is the affirmance of a gieat doelune established
by the common imv lor the piot'-eli'm ot pii\ute property.
It is founded in natural equity, and is laid down by juriMs
ns a principle of universal law. In a deed In a free Gov-
ernment almost all other ti-ihts would become worthless
if the Government possessed an uncontiollable power over
the private fortune of every citizen. One of the.funda-
mental objects of every good Government must be the due
administration of justice; and how vain would it be to
speak of such an administration when all properly is sub-
ject to the will or caprice of the Legislature and the mlers."
—3 Commentaries, p. GGI.
There is laid down the same principle, and if
possible still more distinctly, by Chancellor Kent,
by Wilson, who was a member of the Conven-
tion, I believe, in his Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, by Rawle, and by every American com-
mentator and judge. It is also declared by Black-
stone, Grotius,Pu(Fendorf, and other high author-
ities, as a principle of pu^ic and general law.
Blackstone on this subject says:
" So great, moreover, is the regard of the law for private
property, that it will not authon^u the least violation ot it;
no, not even for the general good of the whole community.
If a new road, for instance, were to be made t!nou h the
grounds of a private person, it inigh t, pei haps, be extensively
beneficial to the public; but the law permits no man, or set
of men, to do this without consentof the owner of the land,
hi vain may it be urged that the good of the individual ought
to yield to that of the community; for it would be danger-
ous to allow any private man, or even any public tribunal,
to be the judjjeof this common good,and to decide whether
it be expedient or no. Besides, the public good is in noth-
ing moie essentially inteiested than in the protection of
eveiy individual'* private lights, as modeled by the mu-
nicipal law. In this and similai cases the legislatuie alone
can, and indeed Irequenily docs, intei pose, and compel the
individual to acquie-ee. But how docs it interpose and
compel? Not bv absolutely snipping the subject of his
propeity in an aihittary manner, but by giving him a full
mdemnifieatioiWoi the injury ilierebysunained. The pub-
lic H now considered as an individual, tieatmg with an
individual for an exchange. All that the legislatuie docs
is to oblige the owner to alienate his possessions for a lea-
souabie pi ice; and even this is an exertion of power winch
tiie legislatuie indulges with caution, and which, nothing
hut the legislatuie can peifoim."
I will now read from the decisions of the Su-
preme Court and several of the circuit courts of
the United States, and also from the .superior
courts of most of the States, on the point of com-
pensation of private pioperty taken for public
use:
''Article five of the Amendments to the Constitution,
which inhibits (he taking of pioperty for public u--e with-
out ju t compensation, ie-muu* th<> powei of the General
Government, and was not intended to apply tothe States."
(Withers is, Buckle\, d<l Howard, United States, 84.)
u JuMice Washington dt-eided that until just indemnity
is afforded the party the power of taking his propuiiy can-
not be exercised; and chancery will grant an injunction to
slay proceed in «•  until indemnity w piovided." (Haigbtiw.
Morns, 4 W. C. C., 601. Same pnnciple ruled by Chan-
cellor Kent, Gaidner c$ Tiu&tees of Newburgh, 2 John.
Chan., 1C~.)
Also, in case of Bonapaitc is. Camden, &c.,
Railroad Company, 1 Baldwin, (N. J.,) JOo:
" The provision in th<- fifth aitielc of the Amendments of
the (Vnwtifution of the United States, that private property
shall not be laken foi public use without just compensation,
does not applv to the Stale-, but only to the United States."
(Hanoi) vs. Mayor of Baliimoie, 7 Petei-, '133.)
Kentucky liaain her constitution a similar pro-
vision for the protection of private property to
that embodied in the Constitution of the United
States; and i will present the rulings of her su-
pieme couit under it:
'• Wherever the piopcitv of an individual about to be
appiopuated to any public use, he is entitled to Us actual
v.due in monev; and, by tin c institution of Kentucky, a
jiM comp'-n-at'ion tru.'irantied to him, recraulless of any
speculative advantages which may arw troin the use to be
made ot tiie land." (Kice is. Turnpike Company. / Dana,
81.)
It is not e^ciitial thai the owner of laud which has been
appropuated lot a public road should be paid the value
tlien-of belore the load e- eon>tiuctcd ; it is sufficient that
the as-e-Ned damage- be seemed." (Casliwellar's Heirs,
vs. Melivoy, 1 Mai., bo.)
" The piopertvof an individual cannot be taken Air pub-
he use (as toi a'tei! \) v\ iilmut ins consent or an equivalent
fun paul.'" (fletny r>. Undeiwood. 1 Dana, 247.)
u Whene\er the pioputy of an individual is about to be
appiopruttf'd to any public u-c, h<- is entitled to its actual
value in mon<>y." (i-'iee r« 1). L. & N. Turnpike Road
Comp.mv, 7 Dana, H5.)
When pnvate propeU} i> requncd lor public use, the
owner ]•=, h> the constitution, <>nlith'd to just compensa-
tion."> (Hunon'a Heirs rs. Loui&viile, 3 Dana^ 30.)
New York:
  This pmvNion for payment of damans ^ a condition
piecedent, and a plea ol the company to a deeJaiatum of
tre>pa-< q,imc clivum must aver the assessment and pnj-
ment of damage? previous to their entrv on and appiopria-
tion of the land.55 (L\<>  vs. Jerome, 26 Wemh II, 43.)
" Additional bun1"ii upon tho land tothe injury oi the
owner in fee is a taking of Ins property within the me-ui-
ii,;r ol the piovisa<>n ot the. Constitution, which loibids
such taking without compensation. The frUate and muni-
cipal authoi il tes combined cannot conler upon a. luihuud
wmpany the rignt to eonttiuct their load upon a highway
without the consent oi the owner of the fee, or making him
compensation." (William rs.New YorkCentral Railroad
Company, 16 New York R.j 9 Smith, 97} Ways, 110.) .
" The provision in the fifth article of Amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, that private pfopertyshali
not be taken for publicuse without justcompeusafion,does -
not apply to the States but only to the United States."
(Banon vs. Mayor, Sic., of Baltimore, 7 Peters, 243; Liv-
ingston vs. Mayor of New York, 8 Wendell, 83. SeeiBald-
wm. 220.)
" Where an act of the Legislature authorizes a corpo-
ration to make a road and take land for that purpose with-
out the owner's consent, the law must provide for com-
pensation to the landowner." «•
"An act which authorizes the taking of land for a high-
way, if it provides compensation to the owner, is not un-
constitutional, because the assessment and payment of
damages are not made a condition precedent to the right of
entering on the land; neither need such assessment and
paymentofdamages precede the actual entry." (Smith w,
Ilelmer, 7 Barb. Supreme Court, 416.)
"Just compensation for property taken wrongfully ortakea
under the pressure of public necessity, means notiungicss.
than the prompt restoration of everything taken, or its
equivalent rendered in something which the taker has a
light to bestow." (The People us. The Mayor, &c., of Brook-
lyn. 9 JRarb. Supreme Court, 535.)
* "The provisions on this subject, iiithe constitutions of
the United Slates and the State of rtew York, are only
declaratoiy of a previously exhaling universal h\w." (11
J3arb. Supreme Court, 28.)
Pennsylvania:
" When the Legislature authorize the taking of private
property, the compensation therefor must be settled either
by stipulation between the Legislature and the proprietor,
by commissioners mutually elected by tiie parties, or by
the intervention of a jury." (Per Patterson, J., S Dalla%
313; S. P. Armstrong vs. Jackhon, 1 Blackford, 374.)
" Until just indemnity is afforded to the party, the powef
of taking his property cannot be exercised, and chancery
will giant an injunction to stay proceedings until indem-
nity is provided." (Gaidner vs. Trustees of Newburgh, &<
Johnson's Chancery, 162. See Ronapaitct's- Camden, &c.,
Railroad Co., 1 Baldwin, 203; Haight vs. Morris, 4 Wash.
C. C., 602.)
" Where private property is taken for public use it is not
necessary that the compensation to the owner required by
the Constitution should be actually ascertained, but it is
sufficient if an adequate remedy is provided by which he
can obtain compensation without any unreasonable delay.
The act in question gives to the owner of a lot in Penn
sti eet, to which land bounded by the Alleghany river is ap~
puitenant, and to whom the ri^ht of landing on said river
belongs, an adequate remedy lor the appropriation, by the
city ol Pittsburgh, of said land and right of landing by the
opening of Duquesne way." . (Pitubuigh vs. Scott, 1 Penu.
State Rep., 309.)
New Hampshire:
"The Legislature may authoiize the laying out of a com-
mon public highway over a road made by a turnpike cor-
poration, and the taking of the liancliise ot the corporation
(or that purpose, notwithstanding the charter of the corpo-
ration is Mill in force, and the coiporationin possession of
the roadconstiuctcd by virtue of it, provided compensation
is made to the corporation lor their property thus taken.Jf
(Barber is. Andover, 8 New Hampshue, 398 )
<< In the exerctee of the power of eminent domain a part
of the whole of the fianchisc and pioperty of a corporation,
however exclusive or ancient the giant, may be taken for
public use, upon suitable compensation being made,"
(Crosby us. Iianover, 36 New Hampshire, 404.)
" A private corporation, created toi the purpose of mak-
ing a road open to public tiavel, upon payment of a fixed
toll, may be authorized by the Legislature to take land for
the road without the owner's consent, upon payment ot a
ju^t compensation, to be dctcunined in some nasonable
and convenient method " (3."> New Hampshne, 131.)
« But it is not necessary that it should give him the right
to try the question ot damages by a jury.'J _ (Petition of the
Mount Washington Eoad Company, 33 New Hampshire,
134.)
Connecticut:
The obligation to make compensation for the taking of
private piopeity foi public use is commensurate with the
ii«ht -iO to take it. (lt'*j noUH r?. Reynolds, 13 Conn., 84.)
And injury to land, which depuves the owner of the ordi-
nary use of it, is equivalent to a £ taking5 of the land ; and
where no compensation is ptovided lor or made to the
owner for the injury sustained, he i<. entitled to recover
damages for suchiufury." (Hooker vs. Canal Company,
14 Comiccucut, 146.)
New Jersey:
'• A partial destruction or diminution of value is a taking
of piivate propeity." (Glover us. Powell,2 Stockton, New
Jersey R.,2ll.)
"Government cannot take away private rights and prop-
erty ior public purposes without rtlfov. mg compensation."
(Ten Eyck vs. Delawaie and Raritan Canal, 3 Harrington,
•200 )
" Under the constitution of New Jersey, adopted June
29, 1844, an act oi the Legislature cannot authoiize arail-
ioad eomp.tny iueoipointed b}' it to take land for the con-
struction o( a road without first making compensation
theiefor to the owner." (J)ouyhlv vs. The Somervjile and
Kuston Railroad Company, 3 iial-t. Ch. It., 51.)
11 " 'fiie soil of a public highway, if owned by sui individ-
i i ual. i>pi ivate propel ty, and cannot constitutionally be takeu
M loi any other public use (such u^annhoad) without com-
11 pensfition." (Stair vs. Camden Railroad Company, 4
! i Zaivis, New Jersey, 502.)
';! Maryland:
I i '• The owner of a lot lying on the bed of a_street which
!! is taken for public use is entitled to a eompo!isati<
1' oi oeiaclv as it no suchbtreot was opened over it.
vs. The Mayor and City Council of Balumoie, 5 Maryland
314.)
