3164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
The Senator dwells with a great deal of em-
phasis on this declaration of that gallant com-
mander, as though that had something to do with
this question as to the particular location of that
navy-yard. I admit the truth of this declaration;
I assent to every idea embraced in it; I admit
that it is absolutely necessary that we should have
a naval depot in the West in time of war; but I
venture the prediction that if this war were closed
to-day and you establish a navy-yard at Cairo,
in less than ten years after peace was declared
you would abandon it. But in time of war we
do need a yard; but how are you going to use it
in time of war? How long is it going to take to
establish a permanent navy-yar-d ? We are going
to appropriate only $200,000 by this bill. Next
year the demand will be for a million, and you
will go on increasing and increasing until you
have spent millions in establishing a navy-yard
there. Before you can make your yard effective
to any particular degree I trust this war will be
closed, for it will take at least four or live years
to make the yard effective. What do you want
of a navy-yard ? You now are employing me-
chanics at Pittsburg, at Cincinnati, at Louis-
ville, at New Albany, and at St. Louis to con-
struct your boats. The purpose of a navy-yard
is to concentrate as many as possible of these in
and about the yard. The Senator has intimated
that that was the idea, for he has told us that if
this navy-yard had been built the Government
would have saved an immense amount of money.
Now, I want to know of the Senator how long
he supposes it would take to concentrate mechan-
ics, to establish your machine houses, to con-
struct and put in running oitler the machinery
that will be required to turn out the kind of work
that is now being turned out by the mechanics
at the various points I have indicated. Three or
four years would be necessary. Is that a prepa-
ration for the conduct of this war, or is it for some
future war that the Senator has some idea of over-
taking this country, that he proposes to establish
a navy-yard at Cairo?
Mr. President, there is nothing unfair in the
proposition I have submitted. There is some-
thing that is peculiaily fair in it, and the propo-
sition, it seems tome, ought to commend itself to
the judgment of every Senator present. It is to
authorize seven experts, men who are familiar
with their profession, who know what the wants
of the Government aie, to go upon the ground
and there thoroughly investigate the subject, to
see what may be the depth of water at the differ-
ent points in the Mississippi river, to see what
may be the faciiities with which labor and work-
men can be obtained, to see what may be the
character of the soil upon which it is proposed to
erect the navy-yard, to examine as to the health
of the diffeient locutions proposed; in a word, to
examine everything in connection with the sub-
ject, and then report to Congress at its next ses-
sion. In that way our minds will be enlightened.
We shall not further have controversies in regard
to the depth of water, or whether Cairo is a hog
or not and oveiflowed. We shall have some-
thing authoritative before us upon which to act,
and then we can act for the public good and not
as at present, in my opinion, for the good of a
particular locality.
Mr. BROWN- Mr. President, while this ap-
propriation professes to be a very small one, we
all understand that it is the beginning of a very
largo one; and I submit whether Senators have
that information before them, whether they have
that knowledge of the adaptability of various
points, that will justify them in beginning an ex-
penditure that may amount to millions of dollars
before it is done. Let me say furthcimore that
while I should be glad, representing my own State,
to have this establishment so placed as to benefit
its mechanics, I am free to say that if such loca-
tion is not for the good of the service, if it is not
best for the service, I do not want it placed there.
I value the good of the service as of more conse-
quence than any benefit that we might paitialiy
derive from such a location. _ But 1 want to call
attention to the argument which the Senator from
Illinois has made in regard to the urgency of this
matter; tie says it will not do to put it otf and to
appoint a commission to find out the best place,
because you want it now. If that argument proves
anything it pioves fatal to the bili, because it is
Weil known that all the vessels which aie now
defending your western waters, all your iron-
clads and gunboats, have been constructed not at
Cairo but at Carondelet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. BROWN. The iron-clads have nearly all
been built at that point, and what were not built
there the mateiial has been furnished fiom the
rolling-mills ofSt. Louis. I call the attention of
the Senate furthermore to the fact that the largest
works of iron that are used constantly day and
night for the equipping and furnishing and con-
structing of these gunboats are now in operation
at the city of Carondelet. If, therefore, it is pres-
ent necessity that you demand, the proper plan
would be to take possession on the part of the
Government of these works which are located
where you have coal and iron and men and arti-
sans all conjoined, all collected, and not put it in
a remote bog where there have been three differ-
ent attempts to build a city, and all of them have
failed. I think that disposes of the urgency of this
matter, and if it did not the bill itself disposes of
the urgency. As has been well said by the Sen-
ator from Iowa,you propose to expend $200,000;
but how far will the expenditure of $200,000 go
toward erecting a navy-yard for the naval pur-
poses of the western waters between this and the
time that the commission now proposed could
leportand have action taken upon its report? It
would be nothing; it would not be sufficient to
equip a vessel, it therefore really has no bearing
on the case at all, and there is no obstacle to a
thorough and a scientific investigation of the
merits of the various localities on our western
waters for such an establishment as is here con-
templated.
But, sir, what 1 want to call further attention
to is the manifest injustice of this bili as it stands.
The Naval Committee are not content with put-
ting his matter in the discretion of the President,
but they are not willing that the President shall
use that discretion for the public good; they are
not willing, even if his own judgment and the
judgment of the head of the Navy Department
should say that this is not the most suitable point,
that he shall then select others; but he is tied down
in the bill to this one particular spot that is but-
tressed around with a levee to keep out the water.
I do not think that that betrays the desire to ben-
efit the service, but rather betrays the desire to
benefit the simple locality; and i do not believe
that Senators will do justicc to the service or jus-
tice to themselves if they insist upon the passage
of a bill such as this, and refuse an amendment
which is so clear in its justice, which is so emi-
nently calculated to produce the best results for
the country, and which can be attended with no
possible damage to any one or to any section.
I do not desire to enter into the discussion of
the relative merits of Carondelet, or of Mound
City, or of Cairo, i do not desire to do so for
the reason that all that might be offered to the
Senate on those points would simply be the ex-
pression of opinion from the Senators who might
be interested in behalf of the one locality or the
other. Now, I do not think that representations
of a charactcr like that are those which should
determine this body m the disposal of such large
amounts of money as are going to be expended
by the establishment of a navy-yard on the west-
ern waters. I think that Senators of the United
Suites should have more ample detail of fact,
moie thorough knowledge, and should above all
have the judgment and the opinion of those men
of the Navy of the United States whose education
has fitted them for a knowledge of this subject,
and whose honor is inteiested in making the best
selection possible.
So far as the difference of two feet of water be-
tween Cairo and Carondelet is concerned, 1 think
it matters very little; because though the Senator
insists, with ail his accustomed force, that Cairo
has a depth of water of five feet always, and I
might be disposed to differ with him on that
point, yet his own confession is, or rather the
confession of a Senator who is on the Committee
on Naval Affairs, that these gunboats draw eight
feet of water, and 1 believe if you will iefer to the
report of Admiral Foote you will find that he con-
firms the statement that for three months of the
year Cairo would not be suitable for this purpose;
in other words, he says that for nine months it
wouid be, leaving the inference that lor three
months it would not be.
I am, of course, solicitous that this mattershall
not be pressed through in this shape. I am so-
licitous in behalf of those i represent, and soli-
citous in behalf of large interests which have been
established and which are being conducted now
in view of the prosecution of naval construction
in my own State. How far the speedy passage
of this bill would go to destroy all those interests,
to draw all the artisans who are now employed
in naval construction not only from the city of
St. Louis but also from the city of Pittsburg and
from all other points on the Ohio and Mississippi
and western waters which are now isolated, and
concentrating them at Cairo, I mustl^ave to the
determination of those more familiar with naval
matters than myself. But lam very certain that
before we do that, before we strip all these western
cities of all that business and of all that manufac-
ture, it would be well for us to know whether,
when placed at the point proposed, they will not
sink into the bogs that have made it a pestilence
heretofore.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President-
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. With the permission
of the Senator from Illinois I wish to move an
amendment to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa, or a modification of it, to in-
sert simply after the word " Mississippi" tho
words " or Ohio,'* so as to embrace an examina-
tion of sites on the Ohio river.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy.)
The amendment will be so modified.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Both tho Senators who
have objected to this bill agree that there ought
to be a naval depot upon the western waters.
They object to the place. They say that this is
not the appropriate place. If I understand the
argument of the Senator from Iowa, the contest,
in his mind, is between Cairo and Mound City, a
point six miles distant.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say or intimate that
the issue was between those places.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was very unfortunate,
then, in misunderstanding the Senator's remarks.
Mr. GRIMES. I said this, however,that the
1 Navy officers who were in charge of that depot,
' at the head of whom was Admiral Porter, had
decided that Mound City was infinitely a better
place than Cairo, and they had moved their naval
depot from Cairo up to Mound City, which is
nine miles off, as I understand.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well,sixornine miles.
It is in the immediate neighborhood. So far as
the argument goes of the two Senators, the one
from Iowa and the otherfromMissouri,thatyou
cannot take care of stores and munitions at Cairo,
it is sufficiently replied to by ourown experience.
When the boats are constructed at Carondelet,
with a very few exceptions, before the armor is
put upon them, before the munitions and the
cannon are loaded upon them, they are taken to
Caiio or Mound City. The Government to-day
have to make provision there to take care of those
very articles which the Senators say cannot be
taken care of there.
The aigument of the Senator from Iowaseemed
to lean in favorof Memphis. Weal! understand
and have understood for years and years that
from Cairo to the mouth of the Mississippi there
is one class of water that will float one class of
boats. When you approach the Ohio river, tlffcn
you come to the navigation of another class of
stream. Between Cairo and Louisville and Cin-
cinnati, for a large portion of the year, ice ob-
structs the Ohio river, and when that does riot,
low water does. So far as the argument that it
is as dangerous navigation below Cairo as it is
above on the Mississippi river, there is no man
who has traveled on the i lver that does not know
that the danger of navigation is between St. Louis
and the mouth of the Ohio river.
Mr. BROWN. I will state to the Senate as
illustrative of that point that since this discussion
began a Senator has stated to me that some time
since he had occasion to make a trip to New Or-
leans, and that on account of low water he was
detained five days in getting to Cairo and twelve
days in getting from theio down. That is the
difference between them.
Mr. RICHARDSON. From St. Louis to Cairo
it is one hundred and eighty miles, and from Cairo
to New Orleans a thousand. The obstruction to
the navigation of the Mississippi river is below
