166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
njent for damages done by our Army in its prog- |
ress. There wilt be claims for fences burned, I
'for farms tramped over, for crops destroyed, for !
cattle escaped by reason of fences being let dow.n,
for houses occupied, and for innumerable other
matters of that general class. I am not in favor
of anything being done by this.Congressin regard
to that large class of cases, except tq provide some
proper tribunal which shall perpetuate the testi*
raony, in order thai hereafter when claims are pre-
sented there may be some probability of those
claims riot beingexcessive orextraordinary. That
has been done by military commanders, in many
instances, without any direct provision of law. It
has happened to myself to have a commission ap-
pointed to investigate claims of this sort, and I
have in my mind at this moment, as an illustra-
tion of the consequences of this, one case where
a claim was made for incidental damages to the
amount of $1,200, and where the damages were
reduced, in a manner which the claimanthimself
was obliged to admit as fair and just, to thirty-
seven dollars.
Mr. SMITH. 1 would like to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether his amendment applies
to cases where the Government has taken posses-
sion of a small tract of land and has built on it
fortifications or other works of defense?
Mr. SCHENCIv. Such cases have been paid
and settled, in the character of rent, by quaiter-
masters; and such cases, I apprehend, will be pro-
vided foi if the bill be amended as I propose, for
here is property actually taken and applied to the
use of the Government. That would be my an-
swer to the gentleman. Rut as to that wide extent
of claims which will be heaped up mountain high
against this Government for ground simply trod-
den over, for ground encamped upon, for timber
incidentally destroyed, for horses let loose, for
fences burned, if you open the door to cases of
that kind, you will bankrupt the Tieasury befoie
'you-get through the war. And I say plainly and
distinctly that, although I admit the justice of
many of these claims, but to a much smaller
amount and degree limn applied for, we ought to .
postpone (he consideration of the whole of them,
and use all our means fiwst to put down the rebel-
lion, and pay that part of tho cost of it hereafter.
Believing that to be the case, J propose to limit
the inquiry to matters of contract, where property
has been actually taken,used,and enjoyed by the
Government, and adjourn inquiry into these other
questions until after the rebellion is put down.
Mr. KERN AN. Having concurred in the re-
port of this bill, I desire, very briclly, to state
the reasons that operated on my own mind; and
I confess that tho views expressed by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Scixekck] were those which
controlled the majority of the committee, and wc
supposed we weie reporting a bill to carry out
those views. They were in favor of paying lor
property which had been taken and used by tho
Aimy. They agreed in the wisdom c f the sug-
gestion that he has made, that the Government
could not now, in tho midst of war, however just
might be the claims of one character and another,
however hard might be the eases submitted, that
the Government could not now provide foi the
payment of damage to land, for fences destioyud,
and other like losses which our people have suf-
fered from the Army.
Now, sir, the present law gives, as 1 under-
stand, to the Couft of Claims jui isdiction in all j
cases of contract, express or implied. Thecom- !
nuttee were informed that there would be an effort,
and that it might be siu'r^ssfivl, to have the Court j
of Claims take jurisdiction in a lanre class of J
claims which are not strictly cases of contract,
but which might legally be held to be eases where j
the tort was waived and which might be brought ■
m under the designation of cases of contract, it |
was deemed proper, therefore, that jurisdiction j
should betaken from the Court of Claims in that j
eiass of cases where property hud been taken, ■
where injuries had boon suffered, upon the theory ;
that the Govcrnmcntahould not now permit itself ,
to be forced to judgment, as was suggested by i
thegentleman fromOhio, [Mr. Sciienck.] Hence j
this bill simply takes away that jurisdiction, and j
leaves the Couitof Claimsstillhavingjurisdiction j
in cases of contract, express or implied. j
The Committee on the Judiciary were also of i
the opinion and considered at the same session j
the propriety of providing for the payment of all ,
cases where the Army had taken property and
used it for the purposes of subsistence; and a bill
was agreed to, and is in the hands of one of the
committee to be reported to the House, making
provision for the payment of subsistence and
quartermaster stores that were taken for the use
of the Army; that where property has been taken
for the Army and used for its support such cases
should be adjusted and paid, not by sending them
to the Court of Claims, but to be adjustcd'and
paid at the quartermaster and commissary depart-
ments, as they now pay for property which has
been taken and for which there arc regular cer-
tificates or vouchers. We believed that that pro-
vision would guard the country against fraud.
The committee believed that we had better permit,
better for the claimants and better for the Gov-
ernment, such cases where the Government took
property, hay, oats, Hour, &c., to subsist the
Army—and regular certificates were not given, I
understand, in a great many cases—to be adjusted
and settled as is provided in the other bill which
will be reported from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and which I presume will be passed by
this House.
In this way we provide that these claims shall
not be sent to the Court of Claims, to suffer there
what claims do suffer there, but that claims for
subsistence and quarlermaster stores shall be ad-
justed and settled by the proper officers of the
commissary department and the quartermaster's
department. We believed that they would guard
the Government from fraud, as'they know all of
the ways of fraud; that they would better guard
the Government than by any other way that could
be devised. Therefore, sir, I concurred in both
of these bills. We agreed that they should be
brought m separately. I think that the House,
on rejection, will find the passage of this bill is
right in itself; and the other bill will provide for
thut class of cases where property has been taken
and used for the Army.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I believe that at
least it is proper for the Congress of the United
States to determine now its policy as to claims
against the Government which may hereafter
come up foradjustmentand settlement. 1 believe
that it is the duty of Congress at this session to
pass a law by which every man under the Gov-
ernment who has been injured in any way, even
to the smallest item, shall be made to feel that the
Government of the United Status intends to pay
thai debt. Now, sir, it was the first step of the
session when this war broke out that every claim
for property taken for the advancement of the
Army in the suppression of the rebellion should
be paid, and paid as the Army moved along. In
consequence, however, of the latitude of this war,
detachments of the Army have been sent out into
all portions of the country, and taken the prop-
erty of individuals without leaving with those
fiom whom the stores were taken proper certifi-
cates or vouchers of indebtedness. Some of the
bust men in the whole country—some of the most
loyal men—some who have made as many sacri-
fices for the benefit of the Government as any
upon this floor, or in any section of the Union,
or in tho Army itself—have given up tlve last dol-
lar, the last cow, the last horse, the last car of
corn, and last bundle of hay—the last thing they
had—to subsist the soldier and forward-him in
his just defense of the Government. One of these
nun has no evidence of the indebtedness of the
Government, and after an application has been
made to this quartermaster and that quartermas-
ter, and this officer of the Army and that officer
of tho Army, nothing has been done by him, and
he stands to-day with his helpless family around
him without the sligh test evidence that the Govern-
ment intends to pay his debt; there is no law
upon the subject, and he has no recourse what-
ever; therefore it is the duty of Congress at this
time to say to that man, whose soul is as loyal as
any man's, soul, that it intends to act upon his
case justly, fairly, and honestly, or at least give
him some assurance that the debt will be ulti-
mately paid.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman will allow me
to interrupt him. i wish the House to under-
stand that the Committee on the Judiciary have
done all they can do to meet the cases made by
the gentleman fiom Kentucky. ■ Every case em-
braced within his statement is provided foi by a
moie speedy remedy, in a bill which will be ic-
ported from the committee, than it can possibly
be if the case is sent to the Court of Claims. I
hope, therefore, that that branch of the case will
no longer be urged as an objection to the. passage
of this bill.
Mr. SMITH. I understand there is another bill
before the House, or to be presented hereafter,.the
featuresofwhich I approve;butthe remarks 1 ha*ve
made were more particularly called out by those
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
who said that he did not desire at this time to
enter into legislation by which all these claims
which come up from every section of the country
shall be adjudicated at t)iis time, thereby drawing
from the Treasury money which is necessary to
carry on the war. If the Government is notable
to pay its debts and to move on under the great
financial scheme which has been gotten up, and
which now characterizes the Government, and
which is admired by the whole world, we had
better pause and reflect, and act in a way in which
we can pay our debts as we go along.
But I have the fullest and completest confidence
in the Government to discharge every debt, and
my object was to present these cases so that Con-
gress might legislate and the people know that
they will be protected. Let.the man who suffers*
feel that he is suffering for a country .that feels
for him. Let the humble man, as well as the one
in the highest place, feel that the Government is
true to its principles, that it remembers the man
in the hovel as well as the man in the palace, and
that it will pay for a spavined horse as soon as it
will pay a salary of $25,000 a year to the Presi-
dents the United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The Court bf
Claims, as organized by the law of last Congress,
has undoubted jurisdiction of all cases.of contract,
express or implied. I infer there is a doubt whether
it have or have not jurisdiction in cases of tort,
from the language of the bill reported this morn-
ing by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee.
I am willing, with the chairman of that commit-
tee, to terminate that doubt by excluding, by
the bill reported to the House, all jurisdiction m
cases of tort. One word is due, however, to the
impression which prevails that a portion of the
existing jurisdiction of that court upon matters
of contract would be excluded if the bill reported
were adopted. The amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schekpk] was intended to leave
the existing jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
on matters of contract untouched by the bill we
are now acting upon; and at the proper time he
will doubtless move that amendment to the bill.
There appears to be another bill in the hands
of a member of that committee, which they are to
report and w<hich is supposed to do away with
the necessity of this amendment. My impression .
is theic is some misapprehension upon that ques-
tion. It seems to me the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio and the bill which the gentle-
man upon the Judiciary Committee means to
report are both necessary to accomplish complete
justice in matters of contract. The contents of the
bill, which has not been reported yet, but which
were stated by the gentleman who spoke imme-
diately preceding the last one, seem to me to con-
fer additional authority upon the commissary and
quartermaster's departments to settle claims upon
vouchers which heretofore have not been consid-
ered sufficient.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that the Quarter-
master and Commissary General of Subsistence
arc not authorized to settle any claim upon an in-
formal certificate. They are required to receive
other proofs in addition to that furnished by the
certificate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That is exactly
the mode in which I understood the gentleman
who stated the case. It is to be refened to the
quartermaster's or commissary department to set-
tic claims which cannot now be settled by those
departments because of the imperfection of the
certificates, and of course the imperfection of the
certificates is to be supplied before the department
by evidence aliunde. Now, suppose a party hav-
ing an informal certificate, and with evidence
■which, perhaps, you and I would consider suffi-
cient, but the accounting officer of the Treasury
may not consider sufficient, should go before the
commissary department and have his claim re-
jected. I am unwilling that the mere administra-
tive action of the administrative officers of the
