1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1218
debating surpasses in assurance and injustice all
that 1 have ever known by experience, reading,
or tradition. The one before this, which culmi-
nated all others coming to my knowledge, was to
this effect: two churns, that had had previously
tolerable relations, had fallen into somewhat se-
rious misunderstanding, about like Kentucky and
Massachusetts at this time. One said to the other
rather savagely I'11 fix you," and set about heat-
ing a poker that was hard by; and when he had
got it to a white heat insisted that he would run
it up the fundament of the other. Buthe met with
such earnest protest and earnest resistance that
he agreed to desist, on condition that the other
would pay him for heating the poker. The pro-
pounder of this speculation must have been a gen-
uine Massachusetts Yankee. But it falls far short
of the course of the Administration and its friends
to the border slave States. From the beginning,
and while they were making such solemn assev-
erations to the contrary, they intended to rob us
of our slaves. They not only concealed their pur-
pose, but vowed that their only purpose was to
reinstate the authority of the United States, their
Constitution and laws in the revolted States, and
not interfere with the constitutional powers, rights,
and dignity of the rebel, much less of the loyal
slave States. They thus deceived and cajoled the
border slave States into the war. They all have
furnished their proportion of soldiers to put down
the rebellion and to appease the appetite of the
Moloch of war for blood. They have become
bound for their part of our war debt, that lias in-
creased and is increasing to such an enormous
amount that all thf> resources of an overtaxed peo-
ple will soon be insufficient to meet its interest.
A national debt of £,5,000,000,000, and the interest
and current expenses of the Government requir-
ing $400,000,000 annually. The party in power
are moving also in seeming steady and triumphant
march upon freeing, by the power of our common
armies and navies, of more than five hundred thou-
sand slaves belonging to people who are loyal and
not rebels and woith $300,000,000. They at the
same time subvert all our personal rights and
liberties and grind us to the dust by the weight
and tyrannies of an oigamzed military despotism.
These usurpers and oppressors are seizing upon
our able-bodied negro slaves and organizing them
into a standing army already numbering nearly
one hundred thousand men, and to be augmented
far beyond those figures, to hold us in hapless and
hopeless political, social, and commercial servi-
tude to themselves. They run the glowing polit-
ical poker up and clear through us, and also re-
quire us* to pay them for heating.
But such a state of things cannot continue al-
ways. Belshazzar and his host are now drunk
and feasting; but Cyrus and the Persians will
soon lie upon them. The aroused American free-
men will effect tlieir own deliverance at the ides
of next November. Military oppression and op-
pressor will then be put down. Liberty accord-
ing to the Constitution and laws will then be re-
stored. The nightmare of martial law and des-
potism will then be removed fiom the civil-courts.
Void acts of indemnity and limitation will then be
swept away as cobwebs, and great and little de-
linquents, Lincoln, Stanton, Thomas, and Butler,
and their hosts will beheld to such accountability
and retribution as was Wall, a governor of An-
gora, a British colony, who, by the instrument-
ality of a drum-hf-'ad court-mai tial, committed a
military murder on a British soldier, and return-
ing to England twenty years after the crime, was
indicted m one of the courts of Westminster,
tried, and by its stern but just judgment sentenced
to be executed as a rnuideier. When ourconfid-
ing but most outraged countrymen once moie re-
gain libei ty regulated by Constitution and law,
and able, just, and impartial courts, it will he the
most glorious jubilee ever vouchsafed by Heaven
to man.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordeied.
Mr. WILKINSON called for the reading of the
amendment to the amendment; arid it was read.
Mr. COLLAMElt. I suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky to insert "loyal" before "own-
ers."
Mr. DAVIS. The word "loyal" is already
in before the word "owner" where it first occurs;
but I am willing to repeat it at each place where
the word " owner" occurs.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, if I be-
lieved that slaves were property, if I entertained
on tiiat question the same views which are enter-
tained by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Da-
vis,] I should certainly vote for his amendment.
If I believed that under the Constitution of the
United States slaves are property in the sense in
which the honorable Senator regards them, I
should support his amendment. But as I do not
believe that a human being who is in the Consti-
tution denominated a "person" is to be regarded
as property in the same sense in which a horse
or a mule is considered property, I dissent en-
tirely from the positions he has assumed.
This bill, Mr. President, is to give freedom to
the wives and children of the soldiers who fight
our battles for the Government and for freedom.
It has been claimed that if this bill shall pass it*
will work the emancipation of the whole negro
race within the United States. It has also been
argued that it is unjust to free the wife and chil-
dren of a soldier in our Army where they belong
to or are claimed as the slaves of a loyal man.
To this I answer that it will be equally unjust to
free the soldier himself where he belongs to a party
who is loyal to the Government. Yet nobody
claims—even the Senator from Kentucky will
hardly assume—that this Government can afford
to commit an act so atrocious as to call upon a
slave to serve m our armies and then remand him
back to slavery again after he shall have aided
in the suppression of this rebellion by his valor
and his bravery upon the battle-field. No civil-
ized nation was ever guilty of such barbarity, and
no nation in this age of Christian civilization can
stand up before the enlightened public sentiment
of the world and justify such a course.
I am free for myself to say that I am not only
in favor of employing all the slaves which can be
mustered into our armies for the suppression of
this lebeliion, for the purpose of removing the bur-
dens of this war from the shoulders of the white
young men of the country, but I favor it also for
the reason that I believe it will tend to work*1 the
emancipation of the slaves everywhere. I thiikk,
Mr. President, that the people of this country
have settled down upon theconviction,first,that
this Government is to be one Government—not
two Governments, nor three, nor twenty, nor
thirty Governments—but one Government; sec-
ondly, and that it is to be a free Government;
that when this war shall have ended a slave \vill
not be permitted to breathe the air of the United
States; that there will be no more market-places
where men and women and children are bought
and sold. Theie are to be no more slaycholdmg
tyrants to rule the political aflaiis of this nation,
and none of that influence left hereafter to destroy
the peace, the happiness, and the piospeiity of
this people.
The Senator fiom Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
the other day stated, if my memory serves me
rorrectlv, that no warrant could be found in the
Constitution for the employment of the slaves of
loyal masters without compensation being first
made therefor, and that the warrant for this meas-
ure, if any there be, must be found in the neces-
sity of the case. And the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] asked, "has Congress or the
President power to employ slaves in the military
service?" So far as I am concerned I shall not
stop to inquire whether the employment of slaves
as soldiers is constitutional or unconstitutional,
whether it be legal or illegal. The question with
me is, and the only question is, is it necessary;
does the great law of necessity, that law which the
Senator from Maryland speaks of as the " higher
| law," the taw above the Constitution, icquiic oi
justify it? And need any one doubt onihis ques-
tion? After nearly three years of bloody, ex-
hausting war, a war which has taxed to the ut-
most the resources of the country and wasted the
most precious blood of the nation, it seems to me
that no one should hesitate as to the duty of the
Government to invoke ail the powerofthenation
to suppress this rebellion.
If the necessity docs not now exist for calling
upon the able-bodied negroes to rally to the sup-
port of the Government, when, in Heaven's name,
can such a necessity arise ? Has there not already-
been suffering enough ? Have the sacrifices, not
yet. been great enough ? Have not enough of the
accomplished young men of the country, the pride
of the loyal States, been offered up upon the altar
of their country to satisfy us that it is the duty of
the Government to avail itself of every means in
its power to crush out now and forever this ac-
cursed rebellion, together with that most atrocious
system of slavery which warmed it into life and
gave it all the vitality and power it ever pos-
sessed ?
I cannot state from personal knowledge as to
the condition of the free States of the North, ex-
cept, perhaps, the young State which I have the
honor in part to represent; but as for Minnesota,
I feel competent to answer for her. She had just
entered the Union as a State when this rebellion
broke out. She had not yet recovered from the
depressing influences of the financial crisis of 1857
and 1858, and the people were not prepared to
meet, without great sacrifices, the demands which
the country made upon them. But, notwithstand-
ing this, they responded to the first call that was
made upon the State by the President, and, leav-
ing their families upon an exposed frontier, they
rushed to the defense of the capital of the nation.
From the comm&icement of the rebellion to the
present hour, Minnesota has responded to every
call that has been made upon her, and she will
still continue to make further and greater sacrifices
rather than see the Union, which her people love
so well, broken up and destroyed. Better, far
better, that her rich fields should remain qntilled,
their golden crops of wheat sink back again to
the bosom of the earth from which they sprang,
or that the women and children should be left a
prey to the merciless Indian savages upon the
frontier, than that liberty should perish forever
on this continent, or that this free Government
should be destroyed.
I know that it has been said that the life of our
country is worth all the best white blood in the
nation; but why should we be so eager to expend
it when there is in our midst a willing element
ready, for the price of freedom, to take a part of
the burdens of the war upon its shoulders?
Mr. President, from the commencement of this
rebellion to the present hour the course of the
Government and of the people of the North has
been strangely inconsistent. While the noblest
and the best sons of the loyal States vyere redden--
mg every l ivulet in Virginia with their blood, and
almost every sod of the Old Dominion was press-
in" upon the grave of a blue-eyed soldier of the
North, we turned our backs coldly upon the only
friends we had in the rebellious States, and said
to them, "You arc black, and are not worthy to
suffer and die for freedom; we would rather lose
our own liberties than to give freedom to a nation
of slaves." I do not know but that it was the
design of Providence to blind the eyes of the
people of the North to their true ir.tfcrests until
they had paid the full penalty for their participa-
tion in the great crime of human slavery ill tilts
Government. Theie is a retributive justice in this
war, as the Senator from Maryland said, and it
is visited alike upon the North and the South,
for the North as well as the South has been a
guilty participator in the foulest crime that ever
blackened the character of a nation.
It was but the other day that the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland told us that the Constitution
treated the slave m a kind of double character—
that of a person and also as property. I think
he said that it had been often held by our courts
that while t]ie Constitution spoke of the slave as
a person he was also lu ld in that instrument to be
properly subject to all the conditions ofotherprop-
crty. These decisions to which the honorable
Senator alludes are of modern origin. The Con-
stitution nowhere speaks of a slave as property;
but wherever any allusion is made to that class of
people they are spoken of as persons. This fact
seems of late to have been entirely ignored by
the whole country, and particularly by the Su-
preme Court, who, by a long series of decisions,
have attempted to establish, as constitutional law,
those atrocious features of human slavery which
the framers of the Constitution certainly never
expressed in that instrument, and we have no
reason to believe that it was their intention that
such a construction should be placed upon it. U
is one of the crimes of the nation that the cons l-
: tuted nuthoiiiies, for more than thirty years prior
