1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
to the breaking out of the rebellion, had been
steadily yielding to the inhuman and barbarous
demands of the slave power, until at last the Su-
preme Court, outrunning all the other departments
in this race of infamy, declared it as the law of
the land that " no black man had rights which a
white man was bound to respect."
The honorable Senator from Ohio who is not
to-day in his seat [Mr. Siiersian] seemed in his
course heretofore to be thoroughly imbued with
the idea that under the Constitution the human-
ity of the slave is entirely ignored, and that he can
only be regarded or even spoken of as property,
in the sense in which we speak of a horse or a
mute as property. Even the conservative Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] who al-
ways speaks with great clearness and force upon
constitutional and legal questions, said in debate
on this floor, not long since, that under the Con-
stitution the slave was only regarded as a person
owing allegiance to the United States,and as audi
might be placed in the armies of the Union to serve
as other soldiers serve in defense of their country.
And this is the clear intent and meaning of the
Constitution; and yet as a people we have labored
hard and long, against the plain text of that instru-
ment, to prove that a slave was not a person, with
the rights, duties, obligations, and securities of
persons, but that he was property, a thing, a
chattel to all intents and purposes, with no more
righlSydutieS)Or obligations than thepigorthe calf.
In this way we, as a Government, in our power
have robbed a nation of three or four million
people of the rights which God gave them. We
have ground them to the earth; and, as if to find
some excuse for the wickedness of the nation, we
have attempted to fasten this crime upon the fath-
ers of the Republic. We have by judicial decis-
ions perverted the great charter of freedom by
declaring it to be an instrument framed in the in-
terest of slavery and in direct antagonism with
freedom. How long can a powerful Government
pursue this wicked course without calling down
upon the heads of the people the vengeance of a
just God? No nation, however strongman lo f
evade this vengeance if in its power it tramples
upon the weak. Retributive justice will sooner
or later be meted out to the oppressor. From the
days of Egyptian oppression, fiom the time when
the horses and their riders were buried together
in the sea to the present hour,no nation that has
oppressed the weak has long evaded that venge-
ance which in the piovideucf of God is repaid
to the tyrant and oppressor. That Vengcance has
at last come upon the people of this country. It
has come, not with pestilence or famine to cutoff
and destroy the people, but it has come with the
more terrible and destructive engines of war. It
is cutting down the flower of the country as the
mower mows down the grass of the field. We
have been looking on at tins work of destruction
and death for the last three years; we have seen
two hundred thousand of our brave young men
cut down in all the pnde and btirngth of man-
hood; we have seen sorrow and aiHiction and
mourning carried to the door of every household;
we see the weeds of mourmngevery where in the
streets; and yet there ?tre those among us who
reluse to open their eyes to the natuie of this
conflict! There are those who still tell us that
we must not give freedom t© the slave !
1 am toid_that the people of my State, the gal-
lant youn^ State ol Minnesota, are bound by the
Constitution and laws to send new and fiesh regi-
ments into the field to maich, to toil, and tofi«ht
under the burning summer sun in the southern
States for the suppression of this slaveholders'
rebellion; that they are bound to leave their bodies
to molflcr away in n. distant State, to leave their
wives "widows and1 their children orphans; but
that we must not call upon (he slaves to aid us in
this contest, nor must we intcif to with the insti-
tution of slavery, which institution alone has been
the cause of all the sufloiing and distress which
this bloody war has brought upon the country.
Mr. Piesident, is it not time that the eyes of
the people weie opened ? Have we not seen enough
already to convince even the most skeptical tluit
in our struck' to uphold slavery we nrc warring
against God? I regard it us my fiist and highest
duty as a servant of the people, acting under the
solemnity of my oath of oilier, by my voice and
my vote, while tins war lasts, to strike diiectly
at the institution of slavery in this country. It
is the chicf corner-stone of the rebellion; and as I
wish to suppress the rebellion, as the most prompt
and effective means to produce that result! would
strike directly at the foundation on which it rests.
I would free every slave, no matter whether he
was claimed by a rebel in arms against the Gov-
ernment or whether he was held by an officer who
is fighting in the Union armies. I would "let
the oppressed go free," and I would muster every
able male slave into the armies of the Union to
fight for their country and for freedom.
I have thus feltand spoken and voted ever since
this rebellion broke out. There are a few others
around me on this fJoo'r who have, from the be-
ginning, stcadilyand consistently acted upon the
same principle. The eloquent Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] the just and uncom-
promising Senator from Ohio who sits nearest me,
[Mr. Wauk,] the honorable membeis from Iowa,
[Messrs. Harlan and Grimes,] and from Michi-
gan, [Mcssifi. CiiANDLEuand Howard,] and, on
the other side of the Chamber, the honorable Sen-
ntor from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] and from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Lame,] have never, for one moment,
hesitated or faltered in their determination to de-
stroy slavery with this rebellion since it assumed
its present proportions. While others, more timid,
have been from the beginning rolling constitu-
tional logs in the way of our armies, these hon-
orable Senators have been clearing the way for
the rapid and tiiumphant march of our forces.
Mr. President, on the second day of last month
the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
made what some would call a radical speech, to
prove that it was right to employ all the able-
bodied slaves in the military service of the coun-
tiy, and to secuie th"rn their freedom upon the
rendition of such service. On this question the
honorable Senator said:
" f «av from the beginning we should have armed the
slaves; bill heloie domy so, m my judgment. we ou^ht to
wmc tiuMM by law, by a great guarantee, m which you
and f and'all hianehe^ of the Government would mute in
pledging tin; (<uth ol the Cnited states that fin ever theie-
attcr tuey should hold theii iieedom against their old mas-
let*."
And again, as to the duty of the Government
to free the mother, wife, and children of the sol-
dier, the Senator used this language:
"TIir Mildier who has worn our umfoim and served un-
der our flag niun not heieaiun labor as a slave. Nor would
it he toleiablo that bi  wik*. his mother, or ho child should
be tho pinpei ty ol another. The instinctive feeling of every
man ofijeitermH nnpni>e would levoltat sue!) a spectacle.
The guarantee of lieedom tor himself, bis mother, in* wife,
and hi- child h the inevitable incident of the employment
of a hlave as a .soldiei."
These, Mr. Piusideut, arc noble utterances,and
I am glad for the opportunity to repeat them here.
Cut when I listened to the speech of the honorable
Senator I could hut think what progress had been
made in the public sentimentof the country within
the last two years. Almost simultaneously with
the delivriy of this speech in the Senate, the New
York Herald came to us containing a leading edi-
torial advocating the entiie judical abolition of
slavery throughout the United States, and that by
constitutional amendment. We cannot be told
hereafter that the world does not move.
P,ut, Mr. President, there is another point in
the honorable Senatoi's speech in which I do not
concur, and that is where he refers to the course
jj of the President and to the effect and propriety of
. his proclamation of emancipation. The honora-
| ble Senator says:
; e: My sympathies aie not necessarily with the ne«*io race;
1 hut it the neuro now show s by his c oin .i^e, ny hi-; capacity,
' by his enduianee, by hi< biavrry, tnat lie is able to win his
• I freedom and maintain it. then 1 wish to secuie lum that
| > freedom b) all the sanction-; oi law, and not to ie->t it upon
■ ] the unci itam tenure o!,i I'.e->iduutv pioelamation. We am
ii here independent ol {lie Piesnleut; it i- our duty to ex-
jj amine. cuticall> the question of hi-, poweis and the effect
,! of Jus act? ;
i '-And, ■•ur, v/e niu-t not fou'et that the Pu^ident who N- '
]| sued tins proclamation may ahiogate it; he may modify it, j
or extend the exception* by a new amnesty. Wo know J
l' that he entered upon this p, th of emancipation only after |
, j the countrj became weaned and alum-t < xhau-ted under [
,! the inniarui ai nioteetion extended hv ms officers to shivery. |
ij We know tl.ru when m-ial i'Viuent, eatly m the wui, ,
ref us< u io -m r< inlet r-Iave> to le'ae] mast 'and by pioel i- \
" million emancipated siaves u ho came within his hues, the ,
;! Pie.-ident set aMde his pioelamation and extended hi-' con- |
fidenc.j o11iv' to Uhho who p'on-ctcd the piopeity, even of !
open public'eneniu's, m'hf.i'slave \ YV'u n (Jeneral Hunter >
• issued lu-3 proclamation in South Catoiina, wheie, if any- j
! j wheie, such a proclamation could be justified, in the pres_ .
I enee of the enemy, in the neft of ^ecet^ion, m the eicdit ot i
J the wor-r tebek oVthe countiy. the ['resident set aside mat ;!
pioelamation. When we weie legi,latin;/ heie in an\iou« '!
deliberation, and finally concluded that it was our duty to
emancipate the slaves of the leading lebeK in the southern
States, those who held high offices, and not only to eman-
cipate their slaves but to confiscate their land and other
piopertv, our legislation was suspended, and we were com-
pelled to change it and modify it at the desire of the Presi-
dent, and in that way to destroy the vitality of our legisla-
tion. We must also remember, Unit within one month before
the fhst proclamation of emancipation wan issued, the fies-
ldcnf ridiculed his power to emancipate slave*, and a com-
mon lernark was attributed tolum that such a proclamation
on his part would amount to nothing moie than the Pope's
bull against the comet.
" So fai was this eonseivatlsra carried—for I will call it
by the name its friends choose for it—that the political
party to which the President belongs lost eveiy election
that fall. Ohio i& now iepie«ented in the other Hou>e of
Congress by thirteen gentlemen who certainly do not rep-
resent the opinion of the majonty of her people, and who
owe their seal* entirely to the discouragement cnused by
the mode in which the war was then conducted. The whole
of this state of feeling grew out of the backwardness of the
Piesident in meeting this question of emancipation and the
em ploy merit of ncgioes in this wai. We must also icnieni
ber that tho exceptions contained tn the Pi evident'n proc-
lamation very much impair the value of the pioelamation,
even i( it should be sustained by the courts. It has never
yet been tested m a single tubunal; no judge has cvei yet
pionounced in favor of its validity. No constitutionalpio-
vision can he pointed out to sustain its power. Men ha\e
doubts about it. Under these circumstances, can you ex-
pcet the negroes ot the southern States who are informed
upon the subject to rally ajound your barmet ? or if, as X
know they aie, they are ignorant and ttike your promise
for your power, T ask you whether you aie willing to let
them risk their lives upon the basis of a proclamation on
the validity of which you yomselves have doubt*, espe-
cially if you have the power by law to sanction that proc-
lamation and to give it validity.
" We must remember that the Executive is but one bianeli
of the Government. His poweis are defined by the Con-
stitution. They are simply executive. lie can neiihei make
nor suspend the operation of a law. Im time of war he is?
Cominandet-in~Ohief of our Auny and Navy; but is this
power sutheientto change the laws o( States and commun-
ities, or do they extend beyond the lines of out aunics,
and especially will they extend into the, future peaceful
times which we hope may soon come upon us? I s-hall
hereafter endeavor to show that Congress is invested with
clear power to guaranty emancipation to slave* -«vlio enter
our armies; but where can fiich a power be found for tho
President?"
Mr. President, I doubt very much whether thia
severe criticism is deserved. But 1 am quite clear
in my opinion that if deserved it should not have
been pronounced by the honorable Senator from
Ohio. I am not certain but that the Senator's col-
league [Mr. Wade] might with some consistency
assail the past conservatism of the President, but
I am quite certain that it was not consistent in the
Senator himself to do it. In speaking of our de-
feat at the elections a year ago, he charges the
whole responsibility upon the conservatism of
the President, and he says that it was owing to
his backwardness in meeting the question.of eman-
cipation and the employment of negroes in this
war. A'ovv, while I do not think that the Presi-
dent has gone as fast and as far as he ought to
l'.avegone,I was veiy much surprised to hear the
honorable Senator make this chaigc. 1 well re-
memberedwithout referring to the recorded debates
of this body that during the last Congress when
this measure of employing slaves in the military
service, and giving them and their families their
freedom, was before us, the Senator himself took
very "conservative" ground, and I thought 1
would refer to the record and see if I was'mis-
taken. Well, Mr. President, ! was not mistaken.
On the 15th of July a proposition very similar to
the one now before ns was pending m the Senate,
and what then was thehonorableSenator'scourse?
I will read from the Senate Journal of Thirty-
Seventh Congress, second session, pages S43 and
844:
"The Scnut'i ipjimnt, as in Committf>a of thn WhnU-
the eonsiilcuuion el the bill (3. No. 3M) to amend the act
' calling forth tiie jmliti.i to execute the laws of the Cnion,
Ftippresd insuncctiou'-, and icpH mva-nmv approved
I ebrnaiy 28, J'/Do, and the aet.s antendatoiy thereof, and
tor other pmpoKe- ; and
" The follow inlc amendment, proposed by Ml. Siierhas
beirig under eon-uleiatiou, namely: in section thirteen,
line uvo. alter the woid ' descent' nisei t£ w lie by the laws
or any ^tate -ii.Hi owe sciviee oi labor to any pei\on who
duiin£ the piescnt lubelUon lias levied war or has borne
aim® agam.^t the i'nltpd ctate<-, or adhered to their enenucy
by giving them aid and eomfoit.5 "
That was the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio,
(< After debate,
u (hi tue question to ajree to the amendment,
'• It was det.-imined in theadirmative—yeas li, ua\- ]7
u On moi.on by Mr. Ijasv. of Kan>u*. '
"The yea-, and nays being desired by one fifth of the
Senators pioent,
'• Thove who voted in the affirmative aro,
Anthony, Biownm", Collaniei, Cowan. Davis,
D'l'aiuie. 1 esM'ndcrij FosU'ij Heiuirrion, Howe, Lane of
