1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
which has not been rend, which gives a construc-
tion to the act. There seems to have been some
doubt whether it was intended to apply only to
cases that had already arisen, or whether it would
apply to cases to arise hereafter, and there was a
resolution passed giving an interpretation to the
law; mid making it apply to all cases that should
transpire in the future as well as to those already
in existence.
With that view of the case, sir, I have not
thought proper to bring forward any proposition
in regard to the claim of Missouri, for before we
can rightfully apply for any appropriation the
mustering-in rolls, pay-rolls,.and all other neces-
sary documents, must be sent to the accounting
officers of the Treasury. If we met with no
stumbling-block there in having our claims al-
lowed and audited, (as it seems Pennsylvania
did not,) then we could come before Congress and
ask for an appropriation. I am not disposed to
press a case in which I am particularly interested
in a way that would be outside-of that law.
In fact that is as good a law as I want, be-
cause if there were no law it would be very hard
forme to make up an opinion, in voting an amount
of money here, how much 1 might to vote to pay
the claim of Pennsylvania, But after it has gane
through the hands of the accounting officer, then
there is a data by which we can do it in justice
to ourselves and injustice to those who arc making
the claim. .
Therefore, I go against the amendment,because
I do not want to establish a precedent here that
the State of New York is to come in and obtain
advantages which otherStates neither obtain nor
seek. And yet I would as cheerfully vote to in-
demnify the State of New York as I would to in-
demnify my own State, the State of Missouri; and
whenever honorable gentlemen from that State
will have the claims of their State audited under
this law and presented to Congress, I will vote
for their immediate payment. I therefore say
that I will vote against the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] for I do not want to place myselfin the
position, seemingly, of giving to Now York or
New Jersey, or any other State, advantages not
secured to my own. And yet 1 would go against
my convictions as to the best mode of accomplish-
ing my object in regard to Missouri if I offered
such a proposition myself. I do not wish to place
myselfin the position of appearing to neglect in-
terests which are of great importance to us. 1
have made these suggestions in justice to myself,
lest the vote which i intend to give might be con-
strued into a disposition not even to favor the
payment of my own State. I shall \ ote against
the amendment, because I couid not make the
law better, if 1 had the power of writing it, than
it now is on the statute-book. I want no claim
that is not just allowed to my State. All I want
is, that aftei Us claims are properly audited, they
may be brought before the House, as the claims
of Pennsylvania have been, and then i tiust that
the House will be ready to vote such an appro-
priation to us as shall be allowed at thp proper
department.
I have made these remarks in order that the
vote which I intend to give may not be misun-
deistood.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman,the honorable
gentleman from Missouri has covered a great part
of the giound which 1 had intended to occupy in
regaid to the proposition to amend this bill. My
first impression was the same as that of the gen-
tlemen from New Yoilc and New Jersey, that
there was a species of preference conceded to
Pennsylvania in making this appropriation sepa-
rate and distinct fiom all other appropriations
under like conditions. The State of Iowa, em-
braced in the western depai tment, has incuired a
large expenditure, at the same time with the State
of Missouri, for which latter State we made an
appropriation the other day. The commissioners
appointed under the law of last Congiess had ex-
cluded ftom their con si d em lion all the claims ft om
the State of Iowa, alleging simply that the State
liad assumed and psid a large p-ntion of them.
In view of the exceptional character of the claims
of Missouri, 1 agreed .not to move an amendment
to that bill for the payment of a like class of ex-
penditures incurred in Iowa, for I found that they
are included in the tetms of the general law, as
arc the claims of New Yoik, Now Juvoy, and the
other States. 1 am now in correspondence with
the Governor of my State to ascertain whether
the requisite vouchers have been presented to the
Department.
But it seems particularly strange to me that the
old and wealthy State or Pennsylvania^ whose
last financial report announces an excellent con-
dition of the treasury, should be in such haste to
draw on the Treasury of the United States while
the poorer States of the North west, less acquainted
with the means of obtaining an early dispatch of
business in Washington, are left in the rear. I
am bound, however, to admit that diligence de-
serves its reward. Pennsylvania has been dili-
gent. Her claim ha? been properly passed upon.
And if this law simply says " or so much thereof
as may be necessary," 1 can see no objection,
either on my part or on the part of the gentleman
from New York or New Jersey, to allow the pas-
sage of this bill, because it meets the only case of
all the States where the requirements of law have
been complied with,
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask my colleague
one question, and that is whether, in his opinion,
theact to which thegentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] referred, approved July 27, 3861,
covers an.y other class of cases than those which
arise out of States furnishing troops to the Gen-
eral Government for the defense of the Govern-
ment and for the suppression of the rebellion?
In other words, whether the militia organized by
the State for its defense can create a claim against
the General Government, which was intended to
be covered and provided foi' by the act to which
1 have referred ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the gentleman from Iowa will send the act up to
the Clerk's desk, that it may be read for the in-
formation of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I will read it myself. It was
approved July 27, 1861, and is as follows:
That the Seeretmy of the Treasury be. and ho is here-
by, dnoctod, out of' any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropnated, to pay to the Governor of any State, or
to his duly autiionzed agents, the. cost, charges, and ox-
properly maimed by such State for emollim?, t>ub-
frfctins. clothing, supply ins, arming, equipping, payniiMUHl
tianspoiting its troop* empioml in aiding to suppress the
present niMureetion against the United States, to be settled
upon proper vouchee to be filed and passed upon by the
proper accounting officeis of the Treasury."
Now, sir, it will be remembered when that net
was passed, the General Government, through the
action of the States, was organizing the Aimy of
the United States. The State authorities were
enrolling, equipping, clothing, and transporting
their troops to the places of rendezvous. This
act must be construed in view of the circumstances
which existed at the time; and it must be admitted,
1 think, that it was not intended to cover such
cases as are presented under the pending bill in
reference to the Stale of Pennsylvania. I suggest
that there is no lasv whatever for the settlement
of claims of this kind. The act of 18G1 only re-
fers to the enrollment, equipment, and transpor-
tation of tioops furnished by the States to the
Crenel dl Government under the seveial calls of the
President.
Mr. KASSON. It is a well-known lule in the
construction of laws of this character, that the
construction given to them by the Department
which by law is specially charged with their ex-
ecution, is, in certain cases, the authoritative con-
struction of the meaning oi the law itself. 1 have
accepted the fact that the Department has passed
upon this kind of cases as embraced under that
law as one which gave us the guarantee that it was
not only now but hereatter to be the lule of con-
struction adopted by. that Depai tment. If the
claim is jupt I see no cause of objection to adopt-
iiH- it as a rule. If, on the other hand, H was
claimed that the law neverintendrd to provide*for
such a class of cases, of course the pending bill
should be rejected.
Now, sir, the case to winch 1 refmed as that
of the State of Iowa was, that where the troops
were called out by the commander of the western
department, General Fremont 1 think, embracing
the Stnte of 1 owa as well as the Stat0 < f Missouri,
the St\te of Iowa uused and sent under that call
of the general commanding tho Western depart-
ment a'large number of troops to aid in the ad-
ministration of the Government in that depart-
ment, and in the suppression of the insurrection.
So aUo m icfeuuee to the bill the other day in
the case of the titate of Missouri.
j Mr. WILSON. Is not there another act, or
i joint resolution, which was passed by Congress?
; at the second session of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
! gressr And was not the action taken in relation
to the Missouri claims founded upon the provis-
ions of that act? I ask my colleague whether
there was not such an act?
Mr. KASSON. There js no doubt of that.
That was distinctly stated at the time. What I
wish to say is that under the terms of that act
these troops were employed by the executive offi-
cers subordinate to the President of the United
States, and seem to come within the meaning of
the law we have now under consideration, or
rather which we are now construing.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. KASSON. With pleasure.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish to call the attention of
the gentleman and of the House to the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, where it is shown
how the claims of the States were adjusted and
settled. It is on page 100, and is as follows:
" (Jnderthc act of July 27, 1861, to reimburse the States
for expenses incurred by them in ' enrolling, subsisting,
clothing, supplying, arming, equipping, paying, and trans-
porting' their troops * employed in aiding to suppress the
present insuireetion against the United States,'claims have
been presented by the States amounting iti the aggregate to
,^20,458,451 79, A division has been organized for the In-
vestigation and settlement of these claims, under the rules
approved by the Secretary, and considerable progress has
been made therein. Partial sculenicnt&of some of the claims
have been made aa follows- Vermont, $613,766 58; Con-
necticut, $1,245,752 89;.New Jersey. $356,667 49; Vir-
gmia,$36,310 24; Illinois, $3,351,517 50; Iowa,$29,279 92;
Wisconsin, $5o3,440 99; Minnesota. $8,904 40; New
Hampshire,$245,&35 78; and Ohio,$1,907,045 28; amount-
in? in the aggregate to $8,350,530 13. The claims of New
York, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, New Hampshire, Maine,
Masbat-lm^'Us, Khode Island, Michigan, Kansas, and In-
diana, have been p:uiial!y examined, mid some of them are
lieai ly ready to repoit to the Comptroller. Others have been
temporarily laid u?ido, awaiting additional information or
evidence trom the State authorities."
Mr. KASSON.* "Wo have had no militia called
out in the State of Iowa, nor has there been any
draft there for troops; all the men that we have
been called upon to send have volunteered. t The
gentleman's point, then, does not apply to my
State.
Mr. BROOKS. The point I wish to make is
this: if the case of Missouri is to go through, as
it did the other day, we shall have bills for the
similar cases of Pennsylvania, New York, In-
diana, Illinois, Kentucky, West Virginia, and
Iowa. Why not pass a general bill inrelationto
them all? * If we permit these bills to go through*
I now without inquiry, the period will come by
j and by when those who have not provided for
; themselves will not be able to do so.
Mr. KASSON. I admit the force of the gen-
tleman's remarks as applied to those States not
provided for by existing law. I will say here
that it does not look to me entirely right that the
wealthy State of Pennsylvania,forcalling out her
own militia for her own defense, should take pri-
ority under this or any other law, unless she has
i earned it by greater diligence in collecting and
1 perfecting her vouchers and presenting them for
settlement. Unless she has done so, I think her *
claims should be provided for by a general bill.
1 submit the question, however, as to the applica-
tion of the existing law to the case of Pennsylva-
nia, to the gentleman who reported this bill, and
who is amply competent to say whether the case
is covered by that law or not.
My object in rising was to ask the House to
agree upon some unifoim rule. If we settle the
construction of the law as contended for, then let
the Slate of Pennsylvania come under it, and let
every other State pass her claims through in like
maimer. But if there is doubt as to the correct-
ness of that conRruction, then I say let all the
States be provided for together,and no preference
bo £iven to any.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to oppose the views of
ihe chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who reported this bill a day or twosince,
because they are in opposition to the experience
our own State has had with the Departments in
auditing thf accounts made and pifscnted in the
fvrly part of the rebellion. As early as eighteen
months ago the State of Maine filed her vouchers
in the Deportment, and it was only last week, ns
1 was advised yesterday in a letter received from
tin' Governor of our State, that a final adjustment
way readied.
