1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21.
as those urged in the Senate by the honorable
Senator from Ohio eighteen months a°;o?
- To show how atrocious he regards his own po-
sition and utterances 111 the last Congress I have
quoted a few passages from his recent speech in
the Senate. The honorable Senator has opened
his eyes at last, and lie sees that the proclamation
of emancipation is an unsafe guarantee for the
slave's freedom. He says now:
"I wish to secure him that freedom by all the sanction*
of law, and not to rest it upon the uncertain tenuie of a
President's proclamation."
As the presidential ciection draws nefsrthe hon-
orable Senator grows more and more radical; so
much so that he has great solicitude for the free-
dom of the slave, and he can see no merits in the
efforts of the Piesidehtto produce thatresult. He
seems to think that the proclamation of freedom
which gladdened the hearts of the people is of no
effect, or being so may at any time be altered or
modified by the President .so as to destroy us force
altogether, for he says:
"And, sir. we mint noi forget that the Pi evident who
issued tins pioelam.Uion may abiogatc it," &e. * *
* * "No constitutional piovision can be pointed out
to sustain its power."
The honorable Senator evidently labored hard
to show that Mr. Lincoln was entitled to no credit
for having issued this proclamation, because he
had no power fo proclaim the freedom of the
slaves in the rebel States, or having that power
he might at any time annul or abrogate it. Nov/,
sir, upon these points I take issue with the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio. I insist that us Com-
mancJpr-in-Chief of our armies he had the full
power and authority in virtue of his office during
the existence of this lebtlhon, by proclamation
to free every slave in the States which are jn ic-
bellion against the authority and Government of
the United States?, i go fuither, and say that, in
my opinion, the Presidi nt, as Commander-in-
Chief of our armies, may by proclamation fiee
every slave*in the Union, whether held in loyal or
disloyal States. He has the power to stuke at the
institution of slavery itself if, in his opinion, the
interests of the country demand jt, it it. stands in
the way of the suppression of the rebellion, if it
is a clog to our aunies and to our < [forts m up-
holding and maintaining the Government. This
power is not derived from any wntien clause in
tile Constitution, but itcoines Horn the war power
of the Government, from the laws and u.sag.-sof
nations—that higher law of which the Senator
from Maryland spoke. Upon thiaquesimn 1 pie-
fer to quote from the able and elaborate ai  unient
oi Mr. Adams, in the House of llepiesenuum s
in id42, from winch my Inond from Missouri
[Mr. Brown] read the other day. As this sp.-eeh
of Mr. Adams, has been often alluded to, 1 shall
readonly a brief passage, as 1 am nut ilesiious to
detain the Senate long:
"i say it i- a war power; and v\hen \our euuutn is ac-
tually in war, whether it be a war ot invasion or a war ot
insurrection, Coultc^ ha^ power lo eauy on the war,
and muHt cany it on a^cor.'Ueu to tn<: taw.- of war; and by
the law-sot war an invaded niiinlr) ha-. nil it-i luvvd and
municipal institutions t,wrpt i>y the lioatd, and mamal law
takes the placn o( theni."
In that part of his speech Mr. Adams spoke of
the power oi Congress. A^am, he said: ij
" I might fui ru^h a thousand proofe to <how that the pre-
tensions of <ieni.l''uu n to the sanctity oi then municipal ni-
htiluuoas, under a t-tate ot a- lual invasion and oi .iclual
War, wix'liiei sei vil«\ ei\ il,or too i^n, i-~ \v hoik untouiuh d ;
• and that tiie law* oi war do m all such ca.se"-; take prece-
dence, I lay ihts dov\ n an the law oi nation*.. ] f.,iy that
the nnliiaiy auihoui} take^ u>i ii>u tunc the plaec oi all
municipal irtM ttulion and oi sla\ ei \ aiuouir t!j<' ;v--t; and
that undi'f i !iat Mate ol thin<*-, • o laiirom it-- icHte 11 ue that
the Slate.- win'ie.-invoiy < ki.h-Imvc the <\\c!u-n e man:t"e-
nient of me subject, not 01.I5 the President of the Tuned
Stutex but the eoni.iiuiidei «{ the Ainiy lua powei to oider
the uinvei-a! emancipation o: ,U M.tve-. 1 hav p\en
heie moie in detail a puueip'o which 1 huve a-M-itTa on
tins liooi he lore now, and oi wiueh i have no more doubt
than that jou. Mr, oerupy th.tr <hau. I eive it m its de-
veiopnx rit ai older that anj yentl'-inan fioiu anv paitof the
1 rnu>n lii.iy, if iie think-: proper, rt.-nj ni > fi nth oi im- j„>si
Hon and may maintain hi* denial, not b\ md'sitiafion, not
by pasMon and nny_ tint i>y sound and soliei i ea-onin** u oni
the. !a\Vi ot nadoiit and the law? ol wai. And il my pu-i-
Iton can be an.-weir-d and jenned, 1 Miall iceeive the ieiu-
tatiou with pleatji".'; I -hall he </lad to listen to le.i-on,
aside, re- I sij, from mdignation and pa-.Mon, ami it bv the
f.aee ot reasoning my und' i-lami'm; <\tn he'eouv meed, I
Jieie pledge in)-th to iccant what J have
jircsdunal irlobe, T>vciitu-Scc<,uik Coiisi €">•>. stcoml ws^un,
p. 40<>.
Mr, Adams h,-iv calls upon any one to answer
his purnUub, lie invokes argument in opposi-
tion to it, and declares that he puts forth this argu-
ment after mature reflection, and that it is his
conviction that it is a settled maxim of the law of
nations that in case of war, such as we are now
engaged in, the military takes the place of the
civil power; and that under such a condition of
things the President may dcciec the universal
emancipation of the slaves. And here let me say
that Mr. Adams never wffls answered successfully;
and I know of no one, unless it be the honorable
Senator from Kentucky who sits near me, [Mr.
Davis,] who has ever undertaken to answer it.
The Senator from Ohio certainly will not claim
that he has refuted or even attempted to refute
the able, and powerful, and I may add unanswer-
able argument of Mr. Adams.
But the Senator says that the President may
abrogate or modify this proclamation, and thus
render insecuie the freedom of those to whom it
was intended to apply. I do not think U needs
much of a lawyer to see at a glance that there is
nothing whatever in thisstatementof the Senator
so flippantly enunciated. It is a clear legal prop-
osition that if the President had the power by
this'proclamation to fiee the slaves of the rebel-
lious States, by virtue thereof their freedom in
Jaw becomes an accomplished fact,and lie cannot
by any subsequent act reduce them again to sla-
- very. He can free the slaves, but lie cannot make
slaves of free men. There is no law in the United
States, either constitutional or municipal, under
which any slave can be held one hour m the re-
bellious States. We are in actual war, a war of
insurrection with the rebellious States, and are
carrying on that war under and by virtue of the
laws of nations. AUthe local jnstitutionsof those
Several States jn rebellion, under which the loyal
and disloyal alike claim theirright to their slaves,
are, to use the expressive language of Mr. Adams,
l£ swept by Ike b<nn d.The foundation upon which
sin ve* y i ot.ts in t he rebellious States is dc stroyed
by virtue of th"it actsofwar. Tln-y have volunta-
nly ! brown oil* f he pro tee lion of the Constitution,
und platM d themselves under the law of nations
alone. It is thetvfoie not only our light but our
duty fo knock oifevery shackle from every limb.
We should let the opp) e^ed go free. God and hu-
manity demand the thaiough,radical,ent(rc aboli-
tion rj\slavay every wheic within the limits of the
United States.
Mi. Piesident, I do not wish to ree.stablish the
condition ol' things that existed m this country
prior to the breaking out of tins lebelhon. We
ha ve waited too nineh blond and trenxui e for that.
We have been told on this floor, by those who
have rcctiitlu become veiy tadical, that t he Presi-
dent is two " COiisei vative," too " baekwaid" to
meet the expectations of the people and to meet
the great iSMies beiote the country with that
piohiptness and energy which the exigency of
the hour demands. We are told thai there is
dan^ei that he may r< trace his steps toward uni-
versal freedom, and thus to permit those who by
his a.cis have been made fiee to lapse back to sla-
very a^ain, I haveshown that M r. Lincoln can-
not do this if he would. Cut is there reason to
fear that he would do so if he could? 1 defy any
man to point me to the record where thaPiesi-
dent has ever taken one .step backward in the cause
of freedom, lie lias sometimes moved mote
slowly than I desired; but having taken a step
ibt wmd, he has never i etraced it. No man slands
b< fore the country with a (.leanet ot pmei re..old
than Air. Lincoln. And no man has to-day so
sti ong a hold upon tin1 aiieetions of the A met man
people as he And this ts because they b< heve
him to be true, faithful, and honnst; they believe
him to be a lo \tr of iibet I y and a hatei of slavery;
and that it is his fixed and unaitei aide pui pose to
maintain the unity of the nation, and that when
tins war shall have ended sla\eiy s>hall no longer
txjrft in the land.
Mr. WILLISY. It is my purpose to speak at
some length upon this proposition and otheis
connected theiewith 
Mr. FOyTCIt. Will the honorable Senator
t;ive wuv for a motion to adjourn?
Several Sknators. Let us have an executive
session.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after pome
time spent in executive session, the doois wt;rc
reopened.
MAILS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the committee on con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 299) to provide for carry-
ing the mails from the United States to foreign
ports, and for other purposes, submitted the fol-
lowing report:
The committee of confcrence on the disagieeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the House bill (No.
299) entitled il An act to provide for carrying the mails from
the United States to foreign ports, and brother purposes,"
having met, aftei full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to the infective House- as
follows, to wit:
That the House recede fiom its disagreeing votes to the
Senate amendments numbers one, two, four, five, and six,
and agtce to the same.
That the House also recede fiom its disagreeing vote to
the third Senate amendment, and agr;e to the saute with
the following amendment, to wit: strike out the word
" either5' and insert the word " both to which amend
meiit the Senate consent and concur.
That the House recede fiom its disagreeing vote to the
Senate's seventh amendment, and ayree u, the same as
amended >,o to read as follows, to wit:
Sec, 7. Jhul he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he i<? hereby, authorized and empowered to
suspend the opeiation of so much of the eighth section of
the act of the 31st of August, 1852, as authon'zes tiie con-
veyance of letters otherwise than in the mails on anyj-uch
mail routes as. in his opinion the public interest may re-
qune.
And the Senate consent and agree to such amendment
and adopt the same.
J. COLLAMER,
JOHN OONNESS,
C. K. BtJCKALEW,
Managers on the fait of the Senate,
JOHN D. ALLEY,
JOHN V. L. PltUYN,
(J. COLE,
Managers on the pait of the House.
The report was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
AXONPAV, lAIctrch 21, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev, W. II. Changing.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
CANAL BILL.
Mr. WASIIBUBNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
what has been the order of the House in regard
to the canal hill ?
The SPEAKER. It comes up after the morn-
ing hour.
'Mr. WASI-1RURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league, Mr. Arnold, is confined to his bed by
indisposition, and will be unable to be present
to-day. ! ask that the bill go over.
The SPEAKER. That can be done when the
bill comes up.
The first business in order is the call of com-
mittees for reports to go upon the Calendar, and
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HIGBY. Under what rule is the House
acting ?
The SPEAKER. Rule 51, which is as fol-
lows:
"A* soon a* the Journal is read, and tiie unfmNhcd busi-
ness m which the Hou<e wa- engaged at tiie 1a<t piecedmg
adjournment h.e- been <li. po->ed of, iepoi|s from committees
shall lie railed for and di-po>ed of— m doing which, the
Speaker shall call upon each ^landuiii committee in rcgu-
l.n wide), and then upon select committees ; ami if the
Speak.n -kill not get through the call upon the roinmiUee-j
befoie the Hou-e parses to mher busmen, he ^!iall resume
the ne.u call u hei e he left off. giving pieielence to the re-
P°'t h"W uad''i eonsniciatum: Provided. That whenever
any committee '■hall have ooeupe'd the-moimng hour on
two da\>. it '-hall not h-' in order lor Mich committee to re-
poit further until the oihei committees sh,t!i have been
called in their turn. Oh the e;ill for icports fiom commit-
tee--on each alteinate Mondav, which shall commence a-5
^o.m ax the Join mi! n read, ai! bdN lepoued dm nig the hr^t
h-'U' ,uiei the Journal i^ itMd shall he commit ted," w ithout
debate, to the Committee of the Whu:e, and. together with
I heir accompam ujl^ leporta, punted; and if duung the houi
all the committee*, are not called, then, on the next altei -
natc .Moihue., the Speakei shall commence where &ueh call
wax Mi^pemied : Prori.lcL Tit it no lull teporied underthe
call on alteinate Mondays and committed -hail be a:;ain
l)iought bcfoic the Hoi^e by amotion to recouxuioi."
FRENCH aiUP LA MANCI1E.
Mr. STEf'BINS, from thn Committee of Way a
and Aieans, riporti'd back Senatu bill No. 142,
fur tlie relief of the French ship Lr> Manche;
which was refei red to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and ordered to be
punted.
