2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9*
tions. He charges the chairman of the Committee
of Elections almost with dishonesty because he
deemed it his duly, as head of the Election Com-
mittee, to report against such system. Now, all
this may be very pleasant for the gentleman just
at this time; it may be well enough for him to find
the protection and terror of bayonets thrown
around him when he is a candidate for election;
he may be pleased because through the interfer-
ence of the military he wins a triumph over the
defenseless citizens of his district. But let me re-
mind hirft there is an even-handed justice which
in history commends the contentsof our poisoned
chalice to our own lips.
The gentleman lias spoken of Plug Ugliesand
Native A mericans, and of the riots and bloodshed
which have so often determined elections in Bal-
timore, and lie has defended them; but shall I
remind him, if rumor is to be depended on, that
from the very same violence which he then evoked
he afterwards became a fugitive, and was forced
secretly to escape; that delightful as native Amer-
icanism appeared to him when attacking the per-
secuted Catholic, it boie a different aspect when
threatening himself. It seems that Massachu-
setts, in electing Banks and other Native Ameri-
cans years ago, stietchcd out the handsjof the
people of that State Ufcthc Plus: Uglics, and gave
the sanction of law-abiding "Massachusetts to
those scenes of violence which then were a burn-
ing disgracc upon the American name; and need
I remind the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Eliot] who has this morning, as the apologist
for violence, stood side by side with the gentleman
from Maryland, that in the even course of justice
to the State, though not to the soldiers, their sixth
Massachusetts regiment in the stieetsof Balti-
more were inhumanly struck down by the same
class of outlaws whose violence Massachusetts
men had done so much to excuse ? It is a most sin-
gular state of things, when we consider the history
of these bloody days and the fate of those poor
soldiers who fell in the streets of Baltimore, to
find that Representatives from jMnssachusetts are
ready to come forward in tins House to apologize
for a repetition uponotheis of that spirit of vio-
lence from which they and we all have suffered.
Now, sir, the same military which gives you
to-day your election, the same military which
to-day, incited by officers who are politicians and
not soldiers, overawes the fiee expression of the
people, that same military force may not to-mor-
row be on your side. And it is well for gentle-
men who now apologize for these acts of violence,
who now appeal to passion, who look up to the
galleries to see if there is a soldier there whom
they may excite to violence; I say it is well for
those gentlemen loiemember that even they may
have cause hereafter to tiemble before this very
spiiit which they are inciting. The bad passions
which we summon to our assistance are fiends
which will not down at our bidding. It is not
forever that you can stop the access of truth and
fact to the ear of the soldier, it is not forever
that those who refuse to pay him fair wages,
those who leave his family at home to beg, those
who, when a proposition comes up from tiussule
of the House to lender him justice,reject it; it is
notfoievci to he the fact that they can peisuade
the soldier that they are his friends. Yes, they
arp his friends, as the wolf is the friend of the
lamb, as the vampire is the friend of the victim
out of whose veins it intended to suck the blood1
But remembf r that while now you can stop these
truths from coming to the mind of the soldier,
while now you can appeal to him to commit acts
of violence against his true friends, the truth
some time will reach him, and then i promise you
that we Democrats, instead of inciting him to
similar acts against you, will say the laws must
be obeyed.
Even now wo can almost hear the cannon of
Grant as he thunders ogunst the enemy; floating
lumors, the advance couriers of victory, have al-
ready reached us. When Richmond is won, when
the lebellion is crushed, and the Union restored,
m spue of Jeff. Davis m the South and his radical
allies in the North, is it not possible that Grant
may be selected as the standaid-bearer of the true
fi lends as well of the soldier as of the Union and
Constitution in the next presidential campaign?
Is it not possible that the soldiers may then re-
member those cabals of the radicals which two
years ago withheld McDowell and rescued Rich-
mond from the hands of Union soldiers? Grant
is a war Democrat, and his energy and will, his
entire devotion to the country, and his sound judg-
ment, illustrate Democratic patriotism. The only
successful wais ever conducted by the Govern-
ment have been under Democratic auspices. And
when thegentleman denies the right of Democrats
to challenge or discuss his conduct, as unworthy
of his notice or annoying to his dignity, he not
only throws down the glove as against Grant and
nearly every successful general of the present war,
but as against the mighty generals and exalted
statesmen who in past days have imparted glory
to the pages of American history. But Jackson
and Jefferson and Madison, and the rest of these
mighty dead, will hardly be disturbed in their
graves by the contempt of the gentleman.
Mr. Speaker, at the commencement of this ses-
sion I illustrated my own devotion to the principle
of free representation of the people in this House
by voting to admitthegentieman from Maryland,
although many on this side of the House thought
I strained a nice point of law in order to be im-
partial. But impartiality m matters of this kind
is necessary for national safety.
Congress may be corrupt to-day, and to-mor-
row the people will sweep it out of existence. It
does but little harm, because the redress isin the
people's hands. But when you find the party in
power endeavoring; to repress the free choice of
the people in sending theirIlepicsentatives here,
when you find them destroying the freedom of
the ballot-box, when you find them making de-
cisions in Congress by which men fairly elected
are excluded and those not properly elected are
received, then there is but one means of getting
rid of a bad Administration, and that is by revo-
lution; and if thcie is notviitue enough in the
people, under these circumstances, to revolution-
ize, then there is not virtue enough among them
to sustain free government. It is our duty here
to see to it that this piinciple upon which Con-
gress in all times past has acted, this principle of
protecting to the last the right of the people to
select their rulers by means of the ballot-box, is
jealously guarded and maintained.
I propose now to point out very briefly the is-
sue involved in tins case for the purpose of show-
ing that gentlemen have wandered away from
anything that ought to come before the House in
regard to it. In the fu&t place, the act*>f Con-
gress by which the right of contesting seats here
is regulated, declares the principle that the two
parties must make up their issue, and that the
testimony taken must be for the purpose of sus-
taining that issue. They are excluded by the act
of Congress from taking testimony which does
not relate to the very issue which the parties have
made.
Now, what issue has been made here? The
contestant has set up, first, the exclusion of legal
voters from the right of voting; second, unlawful
interference by the military: and thirdly, violencp
actually practiced at the polls. I do not enumer-
ate the details, but that is the general outline of the
case which the contestant makes out.
The sitting member merely denies these facts,
lie sets up no new case against the contestant,
except one upon which 1 behove he does not now
tely at ail. Then it is to that issue and thatNsue
alone that the House should direct its attention.
First, then, who were entitled to vote? Be-
cause, for the purpose of asceitaining whether
persons who were entitled to vote have been ex-
cluded from the polls, we must ascertain that fact.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that " the House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of members chosen every'second year by
the people of the several States, and the electors
in each State shall have the qualifications requisite
for electors to the most tmmetous branch of the
State Legislature." Thus the Constitution of the
United States provides that the qualification of the
electors is to be determined by the Scate constitu-
tion, and we must look to that for the purpose of
ascertaining who are qualified to vote. We come,
then, not to the ot tginal State constitution of Mis-
souri, but to the proceedings of the convention
which met a.id framed a new constitution with a
view to the piesent state of the times, and to meet
the very exigency m which Missouri was then
placed. That convention passed the following
ordinance:
" Sec. 1. No person shall vote at any olection to be here-
after held in this State tinder or in punmanceof the consti-
tution and laws thereof, whether State, county, township,
or municipal^ who shall not, in addition to possessing the
qualifications already prescribed lot electors, previously
take an oath in form aslollows, namely:
« l} , do solemnly swe.ir (or affirm, as the
case may be) that I will support, pioteet, and defend the
Constitution of the United States and the constitution of
the State of Missouri aganibtall enemies and opposers,
whether domestic or foreigu; that I will bear true faith,
loyalty, and allegiance to the United States, and will not,
directly or indirectly, give aid and comfort or countenance
to the enemies oi opposeis thereof, ot of the provisional
government of the State of Mtt-sotiu, any ordinance, law,
or resolution of any State convention or Legislature, or
any order or organization, secret or otheiwise, to the con-
trary notwithstanding; and that 1 do this with a full and
honest determination, pledge, ami purpose, faithfully to
keep and perform the same, without any mental reserva-
tion or evasion whatever. And J dofurthersoleumly swear
(or affirm) that I have not, since the 17th day of Doecmbor,
A. D. 1861, willfully taken up arms or levied war against
the United States, or against the provisional government
ot the State of Missouri, So help me God."
It appears from the ordinance that the qualifi-
cation of voters consisted, not in never having
sympathized with the rebellion, but in the fact of
not having since a certain time had any connec-
tion with the rebel operations,and in their pledg-
ing themselves hereafter to stand true to the Con-
stitution of the United States and of the State of
Missouri. That is the sole test, and when we
hear this talk upon the other side about " rebel
sympathizers," we hear talk about that which is
outside of the case and which is not even pre-
sented by the parties in the issue they have made
up for the purpose of determining their rights.
Then I come to Older No. 24. it seems that
the military authorities, instead of yielding to that
declaration by the convention of Missouri, under-
took to prescribe that a certain class of persons
should not vote. That whole class, amounting
m one county to nearly eight hundred, was ex-
cluded from the polls. That some of them could
not and would not have taken this oath prescribed
by the convention i have no doubt, but that they
were absolutely excluded from the chance of
doing so is equally true.
I pass, then, to the next point. It is this: the
effect of destroying certain poll lists, and inter-
feiing with the election at certain polls. There
the gentleman from Maryland seems to have
adopted a principle extremely convenient where
it is convenient to have a row, but extremely
dangerous to the liberties of the people. Sup- i
pose, for instance, that there was a precinct in
Baltimore w^th a Democratic majority of two or
three thousand, and suppose that the other pre-
cincts were the other way, and that riotous per-
sons should break up the election and destroy the
ballot-boxes at that particular precinct, leaving
those in which the majority was the other way,
and thereby give an apparent majority to a can-
didate who would otherwise be in the minority;
in that case, according to the gentleman from
Maryland, there should be no inquiry as to the
general effect of breaking up of the ballot-boxes
at the one precinct, or as to its effect in chang-
ing the result of the election, but that the one pre-
cinct alone would be rejected, leaving the major-
ities in the others undisturbed. This is to place
it in the power of any one to interfere with elec-
tion polls where his opponent is largely in the
majority, and to carry the election with a minor-
ity of votes.
I insist that the question is this: whether, when
you look at the entire election, when you look to
all the votes, thrown, you can say that this elec-
tion in the seventh congressional district of Mis-
souri represents the will of the majority of those
who were entitled to vote and had an opportunity
to vote within the district. If, from any circum-
stance, the free expression of choice on the part
of the voters is interfered with; if, from any cause
not under the control of the electors themselves,
you cannot say that a majority of the people of the
district have spoken in favor of the party claim-
ing his seat, then I say there has been no election
entitling such party to hold his.seat. That prop-
osition was advanced in the Louisiana cases,and
supported by this House. It was stated likewise
in the Virginia cases, and supported by this
House. And what I say in relation to this par-
ticular election is that, taking into consideration
all the facts proved in the case, the House cannot
say that the sitting member had the expression of
a majority of those entitled to vote atthat election.
I will next refer to the nature and extent of test-
