1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an
good faith, find took no unfair advantage, as I
fear was perhaps very faintly suggested by an-
other gentleman, from Iowa, [Mr. Rasson,] for
having been so swift to apply for what she was
entitled to under the act of 1861—I say why should
Pennsylvania, who proceeded deliberately to audit
her claims, who comes here for proper certificates
from the proper accounting officers, and shows
this House that these claims are just, that they
have been adjusted according to law, and that they
are all right, wl^y should it be said that Pennsyl-
vania should not, under the act of 1861, be indem-
nified for those expenses because the State of New
York has not taken the trouble to comply with
the law, or by reason of any negligence of that
State or its agents in having proper bills made out
for like action of the House?
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman will permit
me, I can answer his question by the provision "of
the act of July, 1861. Theclaims that the other
States had against the Government were for troops
raised under the President's various proclamations
to furnish troops for the Army of the United States.
Cases of that kind are covered by the general pro-
vision of the act of 1861, that the Secretary of
the Treasury shall pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Gov-
ernors of the several States, or their duly author-
ized agents, the expenses, &c., of calling out'and
transporting troops, &c. If the case of Pennsyl-
vania comes within the provision of the act of
1861, why is it necessary to make a special ap-
propriation ! Why does not Pennsylvania get
paid as the other States have been paid under that
law ?
Mr. STEVENS. A specified sum was never
demanded before. The gentleman does not seem
to know that these troops were all mustered into
the service of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I am informed that the other
States have had no difficulty. The gentleman
from Indiana informs me that his State has re-
ceived $2,000,000 for expenses incurred in raising
troops at the call of the President. The reason
why Pennsylvania asks for this appropriation is
because these troops weie not organized under a
call of the President for supplying troops for the
Army of the United States; itis because that State
has acted in calling out her own militia.
Mr. STEVENS They were mustered into the
Army of the United States under Genei al Meade.
Mr. WILSON. That will not avoid the point
I am making. If these troops were raised and the
expenses incurred under the call ot the President
to make up the Army of the United States, the
general appropriation of the act ot 1861 would
cover this case. These troops were not so laised,
and that renders it necessary for Pennsylvania to
ask for a special appropriation. We may as well
understand this matter. If the case is to be passed
under the act of 18G1 there is no appiopriation
necessary. If it does not come under the act of
1861 it is proper for the House to investigate it.
The act of 1861 does not authorize the accounting
officers of the Treasury to audifclaims for expenses
for troops of this kind. Notwithstanding these
statements -of officers of the Treasury, i't is found
necessary to ask for a special appropriation, and
that is the question we have before us to-day. It
cannot be covered by the provisions of the act of
1861; otherwise this appropriation need not be
made. We need therefore spend no further time
on it-
Mr. TIIAYER.. The Secretary of War may
take the responsibility of construing theactin that
way, and if he does, he can pay these claims with-
out the action of the House, fie can ti®e that re-
sponsibility if he chooses. But his action would
have been void in view of the constructions now
puton this act. Thatany Department of the Gov-
ernment has put a cousti uction i>pon this act other
than that intended by this House does not settle
the question in reference to the act of 1861. The
argument of the gentleman from Iowa, therefore,
has no force. It does not avail against the posi-
tion I take.
I say no man can read the act of 1861, no man
can read its title, no man can read the provisions
embraced in one solitary section, and not, I think,
be convinced that the act was intended to perform
that function which its title declares it was in-
tended to perform. It was an act of indemnity
to the States; it was an act to indemnify the States
for raising troops, provided they were intended
and used in suppressing the rebellion. No nar- j
rower significance can be given to it; and the at-
tempts which have been made to restrict it by ■
reference to other acts seem to me so far from be-
ing successful that they favor the construction for
I which we contend. It is difficult and dangerous
to attempt to construe a law which is so plain
upon its face that he who runs may read—so plain
that the simplest intellect may ascertain exactly
what its provisions mean. I say no special plead-
ing, however nice, can, in the comprehension of
any man who will deliberately read this act of
186], prevent his rising up with the conviction
that it was intended for exactly what its title sa^s
it was intended to accomplish. I say Pennsyl-
vania is here to-day,with this appropriation bill,
standing not only upon the spirit of the law, but
! upon the very letter of the law; and why should
she not be paid? It seems to me to be ail ex-
tremely narrow, selfish, and unmagnanimous view
of this question to take, that because the bill in
favor of Pennsylvania happens to be the first pre-
sented to this House—or happens perhaps to be
the second, if I class Missouri in this category—
therefore that jealousy should arise upon the part
of members representing other States. If Penn-
sylvania has gained any advantage in having her
appropriation bill here to-day she has gained it
not unfairly, but has gained it in pursuance of the
very terms of a law this body enacted; and it is
no answer to say that other States have not fol-
lowed in the same direction pointed out by that
law, and that other Slates are not here to-day
with their certificates of accounts from the State
accounting officers, and with their bills making;
appropriations
1 hope we shall act upon all these bills with a
spirit of magnanimity and confidence in each
other; I hope we shall not, in such a crisis of the
affaiis of this country, get into discussions based
I upon narrow, prejudiced, selfish , and sectional
views; I hope we shall be able, and shall be per-
fectly willing—and I do not doubt we shall—to
discharge our duties faithfully toVard the whole
country, that we shall not feel that we are here
now so much the lepiescntatives of particular
States as the fractional representatives of this
consolidated, powerful, and victorious nation. I
hope we shall enter upon the consideration of
these appropi mtion bills for the several States in
this spirit; I hope we shall avoid all sectional and
selfish views, and all selfish motives in consider-*
ingthem. Formy own part I am sure—and I can
speak with perfect confidence on this subject, not
only for myself, but forevcry other member from
i Pennsylvania—that when these other Slates come
here with similar accounts, when they come here
showing that they have complied with the law,
when they come with the proper vouchers from
the accounting officeis oftlic State, we shallvote
them appropriations for every dollar due to them,
without stopping to quibble over nice points of
: law, without resorting to unfair criticisms ill or-
i der to deprive them of any preference to which
they have en titled themselves, and without regard
to their action upon other claims,
j Mr.LOVEJOY. 1 gather from this discussion,
i first, this fact, that this is an attempt to legislate
J and appropi lale at the same time-—that this is an
appropiiation bill presuming legislation which
i does not exir-t, and can ying the idea of legislation
! by mere implication. Now, sir, I suppose there
j can be no question of that fact; and whether this
| is a just claim or not, whether itought to be paid
| atsome future time or never, one thing is certain,_
! that its payment now is without authority of
! law, and consequently is illegal, and therefore
I I take it that this committee and the House will
i not fall into the. trap of voting all appiopiiation
i carrying legality simply by implication oi pre-
sumption. I think if gentlemen investigate the
matter more thoroughly they will be convinced
j that I state the fact just as it is.
: The bill reads, " the same having been audited
: by the proper department." The person who
i piepared the bill dated not put in the words " hav-
ing been audited in pursuance of law by the proper
1 department." Thatsimpleamendment would be
! fatal to this bill, because it would make^it neces-
sary for the proper auditing officers to find some
law justifying the appropiiation, and the records
of Congress do not afford any such legal justifi-
cation, and 1 doubt whether any proper auditing
officer, if he were requiied to audit the accounts
in pursuance of law, would, venture to'give them
his approbation. And therefore, sir, if there
were no other objection, it seems to me that that
is a fatal one, and that this claim must go by the
board for the present, until the House shall de-
termine whether they will justify the payment of
the claims embraced in this appropriation. Until
that time, I think that no appropriation should be
made.
There are one or two other things I would lilte
to say in connection with this matter. In the first
place, while I do not profess to have investigated
it very-extensively, it seems to me that this is a
case sui generis, and that it is not analogous to the
cases of other States. These men never were
properly mustered into the service of the United
States.
A Member. Yes, they were.
Mr. LOVEJOY. They were in some sense,I
suppose, as the gentleman states it, but the bill is
peculiar in this: no other appropriation bill of this
kind, so far as I remember, uses the word " mi-
litia," but the term used has been " forces,'_ror
" soldiers," "called into the service of the United
States through the agency of the State." States
have been reimbursed for such agency, and very
properly, but this bill is for the payment of mi-
litia called out foi' the simple and limited purpose.
of protecting the- State of Pennsylvania; and I
understand that when these men, under General
Reynolds, got to the State border, they stopped,
and would not budge an inch beyond the limits
of the State.
Mr. STEVENS. That is not true.
Mr.LOVEJOY. I am glad to know it.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is mistaken
as to the facts. These Pennsylvania militia were
called out under the proclamation of the Presi-
dent for six months, and went to the Potomac,
'and were engaged,-raw militia as they were, with
the regular Army of the United States, in several
engagements.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That may all be, sir. It is
not in this bill, however; there is no declaration or
evidence of it. .
Sir, I do notdesire to say anything in regard to
how the militia of Pennsylvania behaved, or any-
thing of that kind. I do not propose to discuss
that. I simply wish to slate enough to make it
clear to the House that this is a peculiar case, and
that the mam purpose of callingoiit these militia
was evidently to protect Pennsylvania.
Now, I do not say that Pennsylvania ought not
to be reimbuised for the expenses thus incurred;
but it does seem to me, and 1'cannot help saying
it, that a great State abounding in wealth, and that
has certainly made a very large amount, directly
or indirectly, by this war—and I love Pennsyl-
vania, sir, with her coal mines and her iron and
her vast resources—but it does seem to me that
so wealthy a State, having, through her own
agency, called out these soldiers to defend herown
soil, and who, I have no doubt it is substantially
true, performed no other service than the defense
and protection of Pennsylvania, might have wait-
ed a little while for this §700,000. I do think tlnit
the grand old State of Pennsylvania should not at
this time have demanded this money from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, borne down and
oppressed as it -is by the expenses of tliis im-
mense and atrocious rebellion.
Mr. STEVENS, I think this'debate has gone
far enough, and 1 propose, after saying a few
words myself, to move that the committee rise.
I do not understand the opposition to this bill.
I cannot very well understand it. It is perhaps
because there is glory enough for Pennsylvania
;> in possessing Gettysburg within her limits; but,
l; si,-, I do not intend to refer to Pennsylvania ill
" that respect. In defending Pennsylvania, the
I Union was defended. In defending Iowa, the
;i Union is defended. Itis narrow talk, itis nar-
!! row feeling, it is ungenerous argument, to talk
'I about clefending Pennsylvania alone because the
army of the enemy happened to enter there to
11 murder and rob her citizens and march on further
j eastward. Such things as that arc hardly becom-
: ing men who are fit for this House..
J But, sir, we ha\c not hurried on this bill. It
i! is brought in upon a communication directed to
ij the Committee of Ways and Means—;not sought
for by them,but directed to'the committee by the
I proper department of the Government, and asking
M us to make ail appropriation to pay the accounts
