THE CONGEESSIOm GLOBE.
"V# i
I ,
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, WABHINGTON, D. &
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 1864.
New Seuies.«...Ko. J99.
in support of the claim of Henry C. De Ahna;
which were referred to the Committee on Claims.
GOVERNMENT INSANE HOSPITAL,
Mr. GRIMES. I move that all previous or-
ders be suspended in order to take up a little res-
olution that I introduced before the recess in re-
gard to a piece of land connected with the insane
hospital in this city. It will take only long
enough to read it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. No. 70) to authorize the
acquisition of certain land for the use of the Gov-
ernment hospital for the insane. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Interior to deed to John
Perkins a portion of the extreme south point or
angle of the farm of the Government hospital for
the insane in exchange for two acres of land more
or loss now owned and occupied by him, and sit-
uated near the middle of that side of the hospital
farm which fronts upon the public road, but not
more than three act es are to be given for one con-
tained in the piece of land belonging to .Perkins
or in that proportion, on the condition that Per-
kins is able to give and does give to the United
States a good and sufficient tiLie to the piece of
land now owned and occupied by him. The
Secretary of the'Interior is further authorized to
defray theexppnses of moving the dwelling-house
on the present Perkins tract to the tract exchanged
for it, and of digging and walling a well out of
any appropriation already made or that may here-
after be made for inclosing the grounds of the
hospital.
Mr. GRIMES. If any Senator wishes an ex-
planation of the resolution 1 am ready to give it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
LANDLORD AND TENANT LAW.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 138) to regulate proceedings in cases be-
tween landlord and tenant in the District of Co-
lumbia, and
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Resolved, Tliat the Senate disagiee lo the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the said bill, and ask a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Hout.es
theieon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr
Morrill, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Hendricks.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BUCKALEW asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introducea bill (S. No.
326) for the relief of C. F.Johnson, of Alabama;
which was read twice by its titles and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
EXPORTATION OF ARMS.
Mr. WADE submitted the^following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President, if not inconsistent with
the public interest, be requested to communicate to the
Senate any orders issued by the Secretaries of War and
- the Treasury in ingaid to a general piohibition to export
arms and munitions of war from the United States, and
especially to the Mexican republic, and any orders in re-
gard to the exportation of articlps contraband of war for
the use of the French army invading Mexico.
REPORT ON IMMIGRATION.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following resolu~
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inlortn the Senate the reasons why the report
ot the ComtnisMoncr of Immigration has not been trans-
mitted, <1*5 requested by the re&oJution parsed on the 26th
day of Match last.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the form of the res-
olution is not according to the usage of the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
suggest
199
March passed a resolution simply requesting the
President to transmit to the Senate the report of
the Commissioner of Immigration, but I dare say
that resolution has been mislaid or overlooked,
and this is merely to remind him of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I thinkthe,qsual words, "if
no^incompatible with the public interests," ought
to be inserted.
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better follow
the usage.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to follow-
ing the usage, but that never has been the usage
until within the last three years, except in rela-
tion to diplomatic correspondence.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
1 think always in a call upon the President those
words have been inserted.
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection to the
words being in.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to their
being put in, but I insist upon it that that is not
the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
this is a call upon the President.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir, merely inquiring
the reasons why he has not transmitted a report
that was asked for by a resolution of the Senate
of the 25th of March.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the member
from Kentucky that perhaps he had better alter
the phraseology of his resolution. The objection
I have to it is that it assumes that the President
has designedly omitted to answer that resolution.
I think he had better put it in another shape.
Mr. POWELL. I am perfectly willing to nut
it in any foim the Senatui may desire. All I
want is the report. 1 will accept any suggestion
made by the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let the resolution be read
again.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, it not incompatible with the public interest, to in-
form the Senate the r< ason.- why the lejiort o! the Com-
missioner of Immigration has not been transmitted, as te-
quested by the re?-olution passed on the 25th day of March
last.
Mr. JOHNSON. Isuggest thatitbeamended
so as to read in this way:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to transmit to the Senate the leport of the Cmii-
nmsioner of Immigration, as requested by the resolution
pa^ed on the 25tii day 01 March la&t
I do not believe he has known any thing about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it very likely it has
been forgotten. The Senate is probably aware
that thereisa hstoccupyingsomefifteen ortwenty
pages of resolutions passed by this body addressed
to the President and never answered.
Mr. POWELL. I suppose thatour resolution
of the 25th of March has been neglected in that
way, and hence I wish to remind the President of
it. I am willing to accept any phraseology, I
do not care what it is. I am not stickling about
the phraseology. I really think, however, that
the words " not incompatible with the public in-
terests" are not proper in this resolution, because
it is really asking why he has not answered the
other resolution; but I will not object to it.
Mr. CAIILILE. How did those wotds get
into the lesolution? I object to their being in-
serted. *-
Mr. HALE. I call for the order of the evening.
Mr. FOSTER. Wait a few moments longer.
Mr. CARLILE. Who can imagine it incom-
patible with the public interests to publish that
report?
Mr. POWELL. Letitgo; itdoes not matter.
Mr. CARLILE. The Secretary has inserted
those words in the resolution, and I want the
judgment of the Senate whether they will put
those words in or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be read as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the (United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible witii tiie public mteiests, to
transmit to the Senate the report of the Commtesiojaer <?f
Immigration, as requested by the resolution passed oh'the
2oth day of March last. - - ^ ,
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out-'th£
words "if not incompatible with the public in-
terests. "
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senatorfrom
Maryland that it has always been the usage*lja
addressing the President to put those words in.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not in relation to such a
resolution as this.
Mr. SUMNER. I think so, in every resolu-
tion upon a public matter, one affecting the public
interest.
Mr. POWELL. The original resolution did
not contain those words.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
ISAAC ALLEN.
Mr. FOSTER. There are two or three pen-
sion bills upon the table reported from the Com-
mittee on Pensions. They are private bills.
They are very short, and 1 believe meritorious,
i do not think they will occasionany debate, and
with the consent of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire I move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration- of House bill No. 453, to increase the
pension of Isaac Allen.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to raise the pension oflsaac Allen from a half
to a full pension, and to pay him such increased
pension from the 26th of April, 1864, and to con-
tinue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third- reading, read the
third time, ami passed.
CHARLES A. HICHBORN.
On motion of Mr. POSTER, the bill (S. No.
303) for the relief of Charles A. Hichborn was
read a second time, and considered by the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole. It authorizes the
Secretary of the interior to place the name of
Charles A. Hichborn, of Boston, in the State of
Massachusetts, (orphan son of the late Alexander
Hichborn,a contract surgeon in the seventh reg-
iment United States infantry, who was killed at
tho battle of Chancelloisville, on the 3d of May,
1863,) upon the list of pensioners, at the rate of
twenty dollars per month, to commence from the
1st of January, 1864, and to conti/iue until he is
sixteen years of age.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
C. A. IIATJN.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (EI. R. No. 466) for the relief of the widow
of C. A. Haun, which had been reported from the
Committee on Pensions with an amendment in
line six to strike out, the words " with the pas-
sage of this act," and to insert "on the 11th day
of December, 1861," and in line eight to strike
out the words " natural life or,5'before the word
" widowhoodso that the biil will read:
Be it enacted, <5*c., That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he to hereby, authorized to place the name of Mrs.C.
A. Haun, of the county of Greene und State of Tennessee,
on the pension roll at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence on the ilth day of December, 1861, and to
continue (luring her widowhood.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Connecticut if that is in accordance with
the general laws that are applicable to other per-
sons under like circumstances. It seems to me
that in lelation to the duration of the pension it
is not.
Mr. FOSTER. Itis" during her widowhood,"
which is the usual rule.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Or (luring life if she re-
mains a widow. I thought tho law was ten years.
Mr. FOSTER. During widowhood is the rale
now.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
