1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. DAWRS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] will not think that I am try-
ing to kill his resolution. I do not want the Com-
mittee of Elections to have a permanent clerk be-
yond this Congress, but if the House will recollect
what the committee had to do in the very last days
of the last Congress, and if they will recollect that
eighteen cases have already been referred to the
Committee of Elections, and that but three or four
of them have been disposed of, the certainty that
some cases have got to go over until the next ses-
sion  and the probability that new questions will
come up, I think they will see that it is not too
much for us to ask that we may employ a clerk
during this Congress on the same terms as the
Committee on Military Affairs. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schkjtck,]
I will move t® amend his resolution by inserting
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. SCHENCK. Docs the gentleman offer
that amendment under instructions from his com-
mittee ?
Mr. DAWES. Not by any formal vote of the
committee, but I have confened with members of
the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I have to say that the
resolution which 1 offer is a resolution which has
been withheld for some time by the Military Com-
mittee, but at length, the business of the com-
mittee becoming so oneious and occupying the
whole time and attention of our clerk, wc felt that
his compensation was inadequate, and 1 was di-
rected to offer this resolution. 1 have no doubt
of the amountof labor performed, notonly by the
Committee of Elections, but by its clerk, and if
lie will offer a distinct resolution under the in-
structions of his committee, placing the clerk of his
committee on the same footing with the clerks of
the Committees of Ways and Means and Claims,
and on which it is now proposed to place the clerk
of the Military Committee, I will vote for it, but I
prefer that each case shall utand on its own menu.
I would simply remark that wc do not propose
that this increased pay shall go back to the com-
mencement of the session, but only to the first of
the current month. We think that thisadditional
compensation need not commence with the begin-
ning of the session. Thesalaiyof $1,800 per year
is precisely the same that is paid to the clnks of
two other important committees of the Homse,
the Committee of Claims and the Committee of
Ways and .Means. I ventuie to say, without any
invidious comparisons being made, that there is
nota committee of this House that is more bur-
dened by business or that requires the performance
of more labor by its clei k than the Committee on
Miiitaiy Affairs. And this is likely to he the ease
for a long time to come. 1 now move the previous
question on the resolution, not meaning by that to
decide or assert anything against any other propo-
sition of the same kind. 1 am willing, when they
are introduced, to vote upon them on their menu.
Mr. KERNAN. 1 ask unanimous consent to
* put a question to the gentleman from Ohio.
There was no objection.
Mi. KERNAN." I inquire what the pay per
diem of this ehuk now is?
Mr. HCUENOfv. Four dollars.
Mr. KERNAN. I may be allowed a sugges-
tion. 1 have obseived that m this body, as in
most other legislative bodies, whenever oni* of
these eh:i kships is made peimanent it never goes
buck to its foirner condition, and the next ye.u
anothei committee makes a lAn icqivst lor its
oleik; and *o it goes. Tiu le are vciy ftw clanks
in tin. Dep;umumts who arc paid mote than ^1,800
a year for their whole time I will vote m favor
• of giving any fair per diem to this ch ik that the
eommith'* will recommend for the time of actual
service, but I am utteiiy opposed to this idea of
allowing them annual salainf.
Mr. WAoIUJUilN l£, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs is past calling for a per-
manent cicsk, and I ihmk that the Oummittueon
Common'' wo I also warn one duretly.
Mi. KERNAN. 1 trust the Mouse will rot
adoi a t he resolat ion, but wili allow this rjerk such
P'V (iiciu cimpen^alion as may be deemed right.
Mi. -SPALDING. I a>:k leave tomake astate-
mel(f.
There ww no objection.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, 3 shall, if this
resolution pie\ aii „ cet taiiily m!rodu«m a n solution
providing for e j>eimanwit rjnlf {o un> Committee
on Naval Affairs. I believe that the business of
that committee has increased as much as has the
business of the Committee on Military Affairs. I
am of opinion, however, that the per diem com-
pensation is preferable to allowing an annual sal-
ary. If four dollars per day be not enough let the
committee propose a resolution increasing it to
five,six,oreightdollarsperday. I object to pay-
ing these clerks to committees annual salaries,
especially in these times, when our expenses are
so enormous. I shall, at the proper time, demand
the yeas and nays on the resolution.
Ml*. DAWES. I desire to make asuggestion.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. I agree with the gentleman
from Ohio as to the propriety of paying per diem
compensation to the clerks of those committees
whose business does not go over from one term
to another, where the clerks are not required to
consult the records constantly, where it is not
necessary for them to make digests of precedents
for the last thirty years. If I did not suppose that
the clerk of the Committee of Elections had just
as much business as he could attend to for the
committee dutmg the recoss, i would not ask to
have an annual salary allowed him. While I have
never voted for raising sahuics or anything of that
kind, 1 think it not too much to ask the House
to permit the Committee of Elections to allow their
cieik such compensation as will enable tiie com-
mittee to retain him, instead of forcingit to get a
new clerk and go through the task of breaking
him in.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was £oing to propose to
withdiaw the pievious question, and to modify
the i evolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the power
to modify the lesolution befoieit is voted on.
Mi. SC L1ENCK. 1 will modify my resolution
so n« to fix the pay at the late of six dollars per
day.
Mr. WASHRUUNE, of Illinois. 1 hope there
wti! be no discrimination between the cleiks of
committees.
Mr. .SCHENCK. I was stating the reason
why 1 fix thai pmticuhr sum.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order, as the
motion to lay on the table is undebuiahle; but
the in.nth-man can modify his lesolution before
the vole is taken on it.
Mi SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman who
moved to lay the tesuhition on thetable to peimit
me to state whv 1 select that sum.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 have no objection.
Mi.-SCHENCK. I will state to the House
that ihe Committee on Military Affairs found it
necessary tor tho Work they had to do to employ
a gentleman of uapm einentN, of legal knowledge1;
and they h«i\e s>e<iued a gentleman of that char-
acter, whose business fori he wholeyearisnec.es-
sanly broken up. Six dollar* a day will amount
to a little over eighteen hundred doll.us a year;
but hem"; paid only for the sessions of Congress,
it does not amount to near the compensation given
to these othereleiks. 1 modify the resolution so
that it will make his pay six dollars a day during
the mUui^s of Congiess.
Mi.MOIUIILL." Make it rathe rate of #1,800
a year for the tune he is engaged.
Mi. SCHENCK. \ will tell you why that is
unfair and unjust. While £1,800 a year may be
j| a pi<-per salary, yet to pay this cletk at the rate
| of ^3.^00 would not be m pioportion to the labor
• performed He can do no business for the rest of
the year. I wonder, too, that this suggestion
comes from o gentleman who is one of a commit-
tee that has a clerk at $1,800 a year. 1 do not pro-
pose to put this clerk upon the same footing, but
only that lie shall receive six dollaisa day during
the sessions of Congicss.
The resolution, as modified, was read.
Mr. DAWES, i ask the gentleman from Ohio
to let me move an amendment foi the clerk to the
Committee of Elections.
Alt. SCHENCK. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. Let the gentleman bring m a separate res-
olution.
Mr. MALLORY. i ask whether,* under the
operation of tin"1 resolution, this clerk will be kept
employed during the recess of Congiess?
Mr. SCIiENCK. He will not. 1 demand the
pr'-viuUS (j^lestioji.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Holman
and Schenck were appointed.
The House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table, the tellers having reported—ayes 42,
noes 50.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 57, nays 53; as follows:
YKAS—Mc.^rs. C. Alien. Alley, Beaman, Frun-
cis P. Plait, IJJihs, Mow, Clianlcr, Cobb, Cole, UresvveM,
Dawes, ])emun_r, Di lyjrf., Eliot. Farur-woith, Garliohi, Gris-
wold, Halo. IJallJieriiek. llutcuins, Jenckes Julian, Kas-
son,Keliey.Fiance W. KeHojru.lie*nan,Knapp,Lonsyear,
Mailoiv, .Maiviit, MeAliistet,IWeBride, MeCluig. William
II. Millet, Moo'hoad, Darnel Atoms Moinson, f.eonaid
JVIyeis. NeNon, Noilon, Cnaiiea O'Neill, Pendleton, F'-ny,
Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. iiie-e, ttogeis, Schenck,
Shannon. John H. Steele, Stiou-sc. Stuait, Ward, Whaley,
Wilder, Winlicld, and \ eainan—.">7.
NAYS—Me.M-1*. Allison, Ames Ai;eona, Abide v. Augus-
tus C\ Ualdu'iH, John I>. IJ.ilthvm. Jacob !J. liliir, fioutneJJ,
Urandejjec, Bioomall, James S Brown. Ambiose W Claik,
day, Ctavens Daw.son. Dcnison. Dumont, Kklrid^c, Feu-
ton, Fiank, Ilaidnur, Ibuilngtan, Higby. LlnlmaUj Hooper,
Ilotcliki&s, Kalbfieisch, Loiuj, IVI.u<_\, McDowell, .Middle-
ton, Samuel F. Miller, AIoi nil, Amo- Myers, Orth, Peiham,
| Pike, Poineioy, Price, Hndiord. Ko^=. Scofield, Spalding,
Stan, Stevens, Stiles, Tiaey, Van \ alkenburph, Eiiliu 1i.
Wa>hburne5 Wheeler, Williams Wilson, and Woodbridge
—53
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT TO HOMESTEAD LAW.
Air. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (S. No. GO) amendatory of
the homestead law, and for other purposes, when
the Speaker signed the same.
OLEKK TO TEE NAVAh COMMITTEE.
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following reso-
lution, on which ho demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the clerk of the Committee on Naval
Affair-: b^ paid six dollais per diem for his services, during
thf HUmg <>l Congre.ss.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. ORTH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays i>4; as follows:
YEAS—Wo^rs*. Alley, -Mii^on, Ames, Ancona, A-hJoy,
Augustus 0. Baldwin, John 0. Baldwin, JJaxtei, Bli-s,
mow, Uojd, IJicUid< nee, I'loomnll, Anibro-e W. Clark,
Clay, ihavens. DemiiiL', Denton, Dii?irs Dumoru,
Eliot, Faii^woith, Fenton. Fi.mk, Hall, 11.tiding. JI.tr-
nngton, Henjaimn G. ilain^, Ch.ules AI. Hairi-. Hmby,
Uoimnn, [{<nehki,--=, Kai!)ilei^f{i,'i'i<inei>« \V. f\ellr ^_' Ker-
nan. Lone, MeClunr, McDowell, Aliddleton. S.unuel F.
Millei, William H. Millci. iMooiliead. Mori ill. Daniel AJor-
ii--. Ann) - Alyers, Ijeuurud AIj ci->, Nohle, Norton, (.'luuloa
O'Neill. Oitli, P.iitei^on, Pendleton, IViiiani. I^eriy, I'ike,
Ponieroy, Price, Ilsuhoui, Jofin H. Kice, Ro-^, Seotleld,
Shannon. Spaldmi;. Ste\en^, Stiles, Stuait, Sweat,Tiacy,
Un^on, Van Valkenbin^h. l>liini 15. Wuslibuine, Wlialey,
Wheelei, Wilson, Windoin, Wnilieid, and Yeatnan—78.
\AYS—Mc^r'. James (.' Allen, "Beamnn, Franois P.
Hlan. ChaukM-, Cobb. Cuswejl, Davve>, Gie-wohi, Hale,
John II. UuiibArd, .Inhan. Knapp, mryear. AIaivjn, AI<^r-
rison.piuui. Samuel J Uandail, Mexanderll. it lee. Ro^erf,
James S. Ilollni-s, John i5. Steele, Waid, Williams, "and
Wilder— :M.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. FENTON. Hay the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has. The Chair would
state that he promised the gentleman from Illinois
that he wonid state dining the morning hour that
the considetation of the ship canal bill was post-
. jmned until to-day until after the morning hour.
That bill now comes up.
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
; league, [Mr. Arnold,] who has charge of that
! bill, is confincd to his room and his bed by very
severe indisposition. He is unable to be here,
I and I ask that the bill be postponed until Thurs-
day next, after the morning hour.
Mr. ANCONA. I would su^geot a later day
i Mr. WASH HURNE, of Illinois. I made this
application at the request of my colleague, who
