1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ITS
in this holy struggle; aml certainly the claim of
Ei Slate which lias advanced funds for such ex-
penses is equally good. I believe we should set-
tle our debts as wo go along—-paying those due our
fiiends, and letting our Army and Navy settle
with our enemies.
1 hope, therefore, the amendments to this bill,
coming as they do from States whose claims are
as. yet not vouched and audited, will be withdrawn,
and that it will be passed as promptly as Penn-
sylvania has fulfilled her obligations of money
and men and love for the Union.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I do not desire to
detain the committee by prolonging; this debate.
[ have risen for the purpose of saying that I
think the gentlemen from Pennsylvania who have
advocated this bill are in error in attributing to us
a desire that justice shall not be meted out to
their State, by the fact that we desire that our
claim shall be paid by the Government, and that
it shall be audited in the same way that Pennsyl-
vania desires her claim shall be. One gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr.Thayer,] representing
a Philadelphia district, pronounces the amend-
ment which I hhd the honor to submit to the com-
mittee to be unjust and ungenerous. Sir, a >e-
proach of that character should not come from
Pennsylvania, certainly not from Philadelphia.
If t were disposed to reply in the same spirit, I
think I could retoit not only upon Pennsylvania,
but especially upon that part of the State which
the gentleman has the honor to represent.
Sir, New York has set up no claim here for
repelling the invasion of her borders, as Pennsyl-
vania lias done. Her claim is predicated upon
an honest expenditure of money to aid in the sup-
pression of this rebellion. She can protect her-
self without calling upon the Federal Government
to contribute pecuniary assistance.
But, sir, New York has a just and equitable
claim for protecting Pennsylvania—ay, sir, in ad-
vance of Pennsylvania herself; because we con-
tributed more troops in repelling the invasion of
Pennsylvania, on the last invasion of that State,
than Pennsylvania did herself.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Certainly; 1 will
yield to the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. THAYER. Will tlie gentleman inform the
House how many logiments were furnished for
the defense of Pennsylvania by the State of New
York on that occasion?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I say that within
three days after the call was made upon the Exec-
utive of the State of New York fifteen regiments
were on the way to Pennsylvania, and we contrib-
uted twenty-six regiments altogether to repel thd
invasion of that State on the last occasion.
Mr. THAYER. Then the gentleman will not
answer my question?
Mr. COX. He has answered it.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I have answered
the gentleman's question as I understood it.
Now, sir, T have no hostility to Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania isa noble Commonwealth,and she
has contributed libel ally and patriotically to sup-
press this lebellion; but why should she have an
exclusive right to put her hand into the Treasury
in this crisis anil in the present condition of that
Treasury, to the exclusion of other Common-
wealths equally patriotic and equally liberal >
Shall it be said of us that we are unjust and un-
generous because we require that our expendi-
tures shall be reimbursed? Is it hostility to Penn-
sylvania to ask that the moneys' which New Yoi k
contributed to protect her shall be paid back,
when the expenditures of Pennsylvania are re-
funded to her? Sir, we should have time to con-
the last invasion of that State. If that be so, 1, for
one, desire time to consider that question. 1 there-
fore renew the motion that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill to reimburse
the State of Pennsylvania for expenses in calling
out the militia of said State during the recent in-
vasion, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the bill to reim-
burse the StateofPennsylvaniabe recommitted to
the Committee of Ways and Meuns. i make that
motion fortius purpose: while I am as anxious 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. Is that bill before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It is in Committee
of the Wholeon the state of the Union. There-
fore no motion in regard to it is in order.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled the following bills;
when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 15) to provide for
the printing annually of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 16) to continue the
bounties heretofore paid.
DAItOTA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, presented papers in
the case of the contested election in Dakota Ter-
ritory; which were referred to the Committee of
Elections.
And then, on motion ofMr. LONGYEAR, (at
four o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
sider this important question.
If it be the law,
as read here,'that there is aheady a provision to
reimburse States which have equitable and just
rights, there must be some other object and mo-
tive m hurrying this appropriation bill through at
this time. In my judgment, it is a nice question
whether the law contemplates that the Crovein-
mcnt shall pay to States money expended for Lie
protection of such States, or whether it is not sim-
ply meant to reimburse States which gave men
and money to suppress the rebellion. There is a
distinction between these two cases. As 1 under-
stand this bill, it provides simply to reimburse
Pennsylvania for moneys expended in repelling
'IN SENATE.
Weunesday, January 13, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY. • I present a memorial from
an incorporation in the city of New York called
the "Institute of Reward for Oi phans of Patriots."
Thememorialists, members of this institution,an
association incorporated under the laws of the
State of New York, respectfully solicit an appro-
priation by Congress for the purposes of that in-
stitute, to be used in cooperation with the appro-
priations of those States that are making special
arrangements for this class of youths. 1 his me-
morial is signed by Dr. Valentine Mott, president,
Dr. Horace Webster, Dr. S. D. Blanchard, and
is also indorsed by piominent and distinguished
men in New York,among whom 1 notice Henry
Ward lVeeher, Mayor Opdyke, William C. Bry-
an t, and E. D.G. Prime, the editor of the New York
Observer,and other leadingcitizens. 1 think this
subject should commend itself strongly to the at-
tention of Congress and the country. 1 hardly
know to what committee it should be referred;
but I move to refer it to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of R.
W. Meade, a commander in the United States
Navy, praying for the passage of an act for the. fair
and imjiartiaf trial of officers to whom injustice
has been done by the board under the act of July
16, 18G2, with accompanying papeis; which was
lefened to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Tie also presented the memorial of James A.
Farrell, commissary general of ordnance of the
State of New York, praying for the refunding of
certain moneys paid for duties on arms by the
State of New York during the year 1863; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memoiial ofThom-
as Laurent, of Brooklyn, New York, jtraying for
the payment of a balance clue him on account of
money seized \>y General Scott, in Mexico, in the
year 1847; which was referred to the Committee
on Military AiFairs and the Militia.
Mr. BtfCKALEW presented the petition ot
Mrs. Jane McCrabb, widow of John W. Mc-
Crabb, late quartermaster in the United States
Army, praying for arrears of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of citizens
of St. Louis, Missouri, in relation to the payment
oftheclaimsof the Missoufi home guards; which
was ordered to lie on the table,
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND RBFEtt&ED.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was *
Ordered, That the memorial and other papers in relation
to the case of Alexander J. Atocha, on the files of the Sen-
ate, bo referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON", from the Committeeon Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom Vas referred a
bill (S. No. 50) to authorize the President to ap-
point a Second Assistant 'Secretary of War, re-
ported it without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass,
CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
Mr. WADE. I ask leave to introduce a reso-
lution for the appointment of a committee on the
conduct of the war, and I ask for its present con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider this resolution now. Is there any ob-
jection ?
Mr. POWELL. I ask that Ihe resolution be
read.
The Secretwy read it, as follows:
Resolved, That a joint committee of three members of
the Senate and four members of the Hou«e of Representa-
tives be appointed to inquire into the conduct and expend-
itures of the present war; and that they have power to send
for persons and papers, and to sit during the sessions of
either House of Congress, and to employ a stenographer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to its consideration ? The Chair hears
none. The question is on agreeing to the reso-
lution.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. FOOT. I was not giving attention to the
readingoftlte resolution,anu I willinquire whether
it be a joint resolution, which would require three
readings and the signature of the President to be
affixed to make it effectual, or whether it is a con-
current resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is simply a con-
current resolution, requiring only the concur-
rence of the House of Representatives, not the
approval of the Executive.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 54)
to incorporate the Metropolian Railroad Com-
pany in the DistrictofColumbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committeeon
the DistrictofColumbia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
55) in lelation to the circuit court in and for the
district of "Wisconsin; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, vf Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 50) prohibiting the sale of gold at a
higher price than that paid in the regular market
in^ho city of New York for United States bonds
paying six per cent, interest in gold, except for
exportation to pay debts; which was read twice
by its title. .
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, be-
lieving that gambling in gold is the greatest evil
this Congress has to correct, I move that the lull
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Finance,
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a lull (S. No.
57) declaring the assent of Congress to an act ot
the Legislature of the State of Illinois, therein
named; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
DEAF AND PUJIB, AND BLIND REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
lies,ileal, Th.it five bundled copies of Ihe report-ot the
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind be prulti
foi the use of the institution.
