2i m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
nold, Ashley, Bail?, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beaman. Blaine, Fianeis P. Blair, Bou'well,
Boyd, BioomaM, Jnnifs S Brown, Aminos W Clark,
Freeman (Jiarko, C'nhb, Colo, Cox, Reniv Winter Davi:*,
ThornsT. Davis, D:xon. Donnelly, Drisjijs, Dnmont, Eck- j
ley,Elior, En^hsii, Ftank, Gran-on, Gatficld, Gooch, Gun j
no!!, Hale, ILmniston, IIi«hy, llolman. Hofohki*.*. Asu1kj1
W. Ilubbnid, John H. Hubbard, Jenckes, Julian, Kas*on.
Kelley, Fiance*' W. Kellogg. Orlando Kellogg, Keniau,
T-.onn, Marvin, MeAlintei, McBrid< , MeOlurc, Melndoe,
Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, Mornil. Dauiol MoirK Amos
JMyeis, Leonaid Myeis, Nelson, Ode!!, Oith, Patterson,
Pike, Pomeiov, Piiee, William II. Randall, Edward II.
Rollins, Sohenok, Scoheld, Shannon. Soothers, Spalding,
Stai r, John B. Steele, William C. Steele, Tha\ er, Thomas.,
Traev, Ujwon, Van Valkr-nbnr^h. L'lilm B. Wa'hbmne,
William B. Washburn, Welvtei. Whulcy, Williams, Wil-
der, Wilson, Wmdom. and Winfh'ld—03.
NAYiS—Mo*r<. Jamet-O. Allen, Ancona, Bliss,Chanler,
Denton,Eden,Eldndire, Law.Le Blond, William II. Mil-
ler, Morri-on. Pendleton, Ptuyn. Panned J Rand.ill. Uos-*,
Stioust', Cliilmn A. White, ami Fernando Wood—lb.
" Ho the resolution was ;i! ioed to."
Mr. SOHENCK. TUisall I desire. I wish
that to follow the speech of the gentleman from
Maryland in the official ieport.
Mr. L. MYERS obtained the floor.
TREATMENT 01? UNION PRISONERS.
Mr. GOOCII. With tho permission of my
friend fiom Pennsylvania, I desire to submit, a
re, oil fiom the joint committor on the conduct of
the war relative to the c  unities inflicted upon
our soldiers while in the hands of the enemy as
prisoners of war. 1 move that the report be laid
on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GOOCII. i move now that foi (y thousand
extra copies of t he repot t be prin ted, and in sub-
mitting that motion 1 wish to .say to the Commit-
tee on Punting that this repoit will make but
some twenty or tbiity pages of printed matter,
and we are desuous that it shall be included in
the same volume with the report in relation to the
ivmssacu1 a*t Fori Pillow.
The motion to print extra copies was referred,
under the law, lo the Joint Committee on Pnnt-
1,1']AYK OF AI^KXPN.
Mr. SMITH. 1 dt^ne to ask imh finite leave
of absence for my colleague, M r. ('la v, whose
family is exceeding! y unwell.
Leave w as granted.
Mr. M I LLER, ol Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask leav e ol' ubM me foi one w ■  >k fi oni to-moi mw
f«n mv colleague, Mr. Dcsiso.v, and haveofab-
••enee lor thtee days lor toy colleague. Mi.
Stroitke, who is called home by sickness in Ins
family.
Leave was planted.
Mr EENTON. My colleague, Mi, Maihin,
has been called away fiom the eiiy by ini-pot i mt
business, ami In lore leavinu In- leipiesled me to
ask leave ol aosence for him for ten days. 1 ask
that he have that leave.
Leave was gnuitt.d.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION AC. A INF.
Mi. L. MYEUS, Mr. Speaker, 1 have but a
wold oi two Jo say on the question hefoie the
I louse. A l i b is v (i v moment we uie i en del :ng I
thanks to Almigh ty God 'or a «:t eat \ aMoi y vom h- \
snfed lo our arms. The national hi ait is glad, I
but the individual b'-aits of tin' people air thiob- j
bum Willi an\'i«'ty to hear fiom the battle ie Id. 1
'J'lion >and •- of mil woimded .ire on then way to 1
thIs! capital-, thousands mm«—marred as lh"\ are ]
wttn hailoi-'—be dead upon ihe field, and vet ''
wall ilie memoiy of Eoit Pillow and Plymouth
fi es)i within us, while our letiumd pnso.nT.-*, I;
at \ it!
tsly ,
f!:al
  1 h>i
i at
ipneal
b:'a\e
. hmb
I' cely
'It by ,
emaeiaietl and laint, and d \ :
(he hilluls of southelll demons, pifeo
U> us drainsL theni; while the blood oi
yniiiiii colonel—Dah!<jien—who ^au
«\nd l hen h iV to i he i au^e o( h 1^. cmiiili \
diy upon «nutheiu Sud; wiuie ])^ r\,
X t o j i e 111 the land iheie is a chair lli.idi
11.: ■! I«>11? r. bi Uioi) of sia vt hold s, hei e, m t h>>
A iuer;<\.ti T-on^i ess, it is gravely pi o^o-^ed lo eject
fj oni his setit one of us loyal mem bin s, not even
in put in his place the coniistant—\\ ho has not
the shadow of a case—but to lefer the election
back to the people in order to see whethei by tak-
ing away the military authorities from the polls
Mpilcjeot rebel \o'ei.s lernain m this distuct, ile-
spiti.- oui vh tone?-, to send a member in his stead
who shad .-ude with rebellion and against the conn-
tiy. That the (piestion before us. J lereatler
let no man complain that freedom of speech and
latitude of debate aro not allowed in these Halls.
Fitly, indeed, did the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Harris,] the apologist here of rebels and
traitois, who has been declared an unworthy mem-
ber of this House, rise to favor the resolution,
and most unfitly does he, of all others, charge the
sitting member [General Loan] with a want of
self-respect in retaining his seat, when, contrary
to usage and in violation of the wish of his more
than peers, he himself remains where his presence
is unbearable.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to the case. I listened at-
tentively to the remarks of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Brown,] anxious to learn what
he had foundin the testimony to justify thccourse
he has taken, but I listened in vain for any such
allusion. Iheaid bis denunciations of the Ad-
ministration. J heaid his throats that the people
would rise in revolution if this state of ihingscon-
tinucd, or they were not fit for freedom. 1 heard
him misquote history in stating that Massachu-
setts troops were struck down tn the streets of Bal-
timore by the same violence, as he terms it, that
was used nt the polls in Missouii to keep voters
away, and 1 take leave to differ fiom him on all
points. Especially -do I say that the violence
which stiuck down those noble Massachusetts
and Pennsylvania men was secession violence,
and that the men who were kept away from tiie
polls in Missouii wore secessionists. 1 heard the
gentleman fiom Wisconsin assett that we weie
not the fiicnds of the soldier.* Let tiro soldiers,
whosi' good sense he seems to doubt—to whose
ears thei o have not yet come fhegood tidings that
the Democratic party is their especial fi lend—let
the soldiers, by theiecord of their votes in favor
of Geneinl Loan, and in tavor of Union candi-
dates on all occasions, answer the slander.
Mr. Speaker, 1 gave closo attention the other
day lo the talented member from Massachusetts,
the cbait man of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Dawls.] 1 heaid his sophistry and philosophy,
but no facts to warrant, in my pulmnent, the con-
clusions to which he came. Ue made, howevei,
one as.seitiun in which 1 aiiree with him. He
.said he In lieved ific/'c jxnri'r in the. (ivvcnimail
Id Lrrp n'bcls airutj from Ihc pods. Loyally as he
always votes, loyai as he is, I should not have
thought ho so believd m this case from anything
l)ii t that assertion. I, too, t hmk tlm Govei nment
h ks such power, and so thinking 1 intend to vote
that ihc mombe! fiom the seventh concessional
district of Mission t shall retain the seal to which
the evidence shows him entitled.
The gentlenum fi oni Massachusetts, [Mr.
f>Aivh*),J win) seem-s to have an intuition on tins
point, said he was son y to see m the countenances
of m'uih'tnen on ibi.s Mile of the House a detei ni-
inaiion to vote for the sitting menihoi, and that
ho was afiaai they h id not opened ibe books of
the case which lay upon thou- desks. To have
pulgi d, sir, by his lack of reference to the testi-
mony, 1 should have supposed the omission his
o\v u instead of theirs, and when his colleague,
[Mi. Ei tor,] calh d up by his appeal to the good
sense of then native State, was pi oceedi ng to de-
molish bis aigument from the evidence, he was
\ ei v caieful to stop the mteri upttoti.
1 have looked through the ii^Umun v, a ltd fiom
it find that the only i u 11 m mat ion made use of in
the xev"!! t h (lis! i ic, t of M i s.souu v. as to keep i eb-
els and biaieh'd secession sympathizers away
fiom the polls, i aoi m f'avoi of intimidation of
that kmd. If it bad not b-'en practiced in dis-
tiicts like this, boi'dei'ing upon i ebrlUom, the
Go'.ernuient of theUmt'-d S'ateswould not have
used its sej(-.sustain!ng power.
Mr. JIliOW.N, of Wisconsin. If tlie gentle-
man will allow me 1 will ask hnn wlicihoi there
is any allegation in the d< lense set up by Ail.
Loan to the i ll'ect that the-je nn n w ho v< i ie i-X-
ehi(!*• d fiom th.' polU were rcb«ds and secession
sy i npe 1'; I'^ei s
Mi. ALTERS. I answer the iwitlemnri
Pom Wisconsin tlutt 1 care not whellnr it is .so
alleged oi not. 1 look to the pro<f and mean to
be guided by that, as 1 think (iie mummy of the
committee lias been, and as 1 know tins House
Will be. Ueneial Loan m his answer denies thai
qu-ahjitO votrrs were keptiiom Uie polls. Such
nun weie nut qualified voters; but the evidence
is the contestant's. General Loan oiVu'ed none.
Mr. Pruco must prove his case, All those facts
came out on cross-examination of his own wit-
nesses and he is bound by them. Let me take a
specimen of the evidence upon tins point. I will
read a single question and answer from the testi-
mony of Joseph B. Nickel, on page 91:
" Question 2J. J)oo not the class of men who von think
did not vote at t,aid election, and who you think would,
on a tail election, have voted foi John P. 13uice, con-i.-t
mainly or men who had iPtumed fiom tin' rebel ainiv. or
had bcpn aiie-ted b\ milifaiy anthoim and jnipiiv-uiied or
put under bonds, or enrolled under Oidei No. '24, or weie
reputed to be secessionists or secession sympathizer?
^'•%/ImuC) 2-^. The men above icfiem-d constat p;>:tlv
of men who luuionnly call thenwlve-* Democrat*., ar/d
m.inv of whom have been arrested and hnpihoned hy the
military authorities at some tune since partly of men
who had ai onetime been m tho State orconfedoratc iiimy.
and some of whom are now under mihtaiy bond*!; ami
paitly ot tho**e who aie *-aiil to be enndled under Older No,
-M. Of the last, there were but lew at Savannah, compara-
tively. All thieo of tho above clashes? are, by ihe Uepul>-
hean patty, called rebels and rebel sympathizers.'1''
Now, sir, this is one of the witnesses for the
contestant. A numberoflhom testify torthc same
effect. 1 pidge lnm by his own evidence; and I
find by glancing over it that wherever General
Loan attended himself or by counsel to cross-
examine the witnesses, it was found that they
camc under one of the classes alluded to.
I will refer to several of them in support of the
assertion. 1 n the testimony ofBen jamm C. Cun-
ningham, page 43, 1 find the following:
" (lursfton. Viiii will please state whethei or not you ap-
plauded the eaptuio ot Foil Siunter m the tpnug oi I£6l.
" s2mu cr. I don't think I did, to .
" QiiL-.tt<ni. You will plea-e state whether or not you
did not condemn the tcuunij down of the confederate Hag
hm:- ed m the city ot St. Joseph, Mi^ouu, in the taunmer
ot let)l.
"Jlnvta I did not either ajjpiove or disapprove of it."
Di. A. L.name, in his cross-examination (page
47) admits that be gave three gioans on the occa-
sion of laising a United States llag over the post-
ofilco at St. Joseph.
John \V. Gair testifies (page 110) as follows:
" (lues/ion. Have yon ever been ainembei oi ihennhtia
lh is L'Oiuuy, and if not, toi what reason ?
••.///is:/ I have not. f t;ot a eemheate of exemption
a> a \\ nip.uhiz.oi with tlxo rebellion."
I refer also to the testimony of a number of
otix i witnesses to the same effect. Twoofthem,
a clerk and judge of election, failed to take the
loyal oath prescribed by the convention of Mis-
souii. One of them falsified in his evidence, stating
that lie bad been so sworn, but the contestantafter-
waids admitted what sort of an oath he d id take,
and it was not the oath prescribed by the con-
vention. The evidence also shows that the con-
testant, Mr. Bruce, received a huge number of
iebel\otes. James A. Matney admits that of the
unumed lebi.N, and those regukuly enrolled un-
der Older No. 24 as disloyal, a majority voted
for Bruce; such votes for Loan, ho says, "were
few and iai between." Thomas R. Bryan and
otheiswill be found conclusive upon the samu
poi n t; so tli U if all such voters hud been < xcluded ,
as 1 think they ought to have been. Air. Loan's
majority would have been laiger than is returned.
No doubt many wevo received, foi we find Mr.
Btuce (page 15) calling on Geneial Hall,anil pro-
testing against the exclusion of those emolled
under Cider No. )H.
Again, in the nofice given by the contestant,
in Older to overcome the large majonty of 2,000
votes j i\en to Geneia! Loan, he states at random
that he lost 60!) votes in tins countv, 1,000 votes
in that, and so on, by the course puisued against
lnm. Now, let me give a single exuntyde of tho
way he proves his allegations. Tho witness,
Mattiov, being refeired to this allegation, swears
oi) to ilie figme of tfOO, said to have been lust to
IJnice m Buchanan county, but the test of a cross-
examination dwindles the loss to nothing, as it
does in every instance where tins precaution was
taken, lie *ays heairives at this diifeienceof
dijO v otes and mole bv a eompat i.son between the
\ote for Pii i-nh nt in 1800 and for Congress in
JS()'-2, and sret is to'ced to confess that befou* |J«> -
oernbe;, ]8ti3, befwi'in three humiiecl ami live
liundied men had left Buchanan county to join
Pi ice's rebel army, ami afiei that time and before
the concessional election in 1802 seveial rebel
leoinieuts were recruited in that county. Their
lor,s\ to be suit.1, somewhat replaced (seepage 5J9)
by " a large number of persons who find been run
out of Kansas into Buchanan county and came
fi oni oiln r States to avoid the draf l,:' but were not
h gal voteirf. A speeiineii, sir, for tho whole.
This is the clufcS of testimony, if any, winch
