174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
EGRESS OF COLORED MEN.
Mr. ANTHONY also submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, mid agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs andtlie
Militia be instiucted to inquire if any impediments have
been imposed upon the free egress of colored people not en-
rolled or liable to milhaiy duty, from the District of Colum-
bia, and if.so,.by who&c otder and by what authoi ity of law.
SLAVERY AND EMANCIPATION.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a select committee of seven bo appointed
' by the Chair to take into consideration all propositions and
papers concerning slavery and the tieatment of fiecdmen;
with leave to report by bill, or otherwise.
GENERAL M'CLELLAN'S KEPORT.
Mr. BUCKALEW submiited the following
resolution; which was refericd to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand copicsof therepoit of Gen-
eral George B. McClellan upon the operations or the auny
of the Potomac, recently communicated by the Socretaiy
of War to the.House of Representatives, be printed for the
use of the Senate.
OATH OF OFFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first resolu-
tion in order on the table is a resolution submitted
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner.]
Mr. SUMNER. Anxiousas lam to lmve that
resolution acted upon, I shall not press it against
the military bill that was under consideration yes-
terday, If we can proceed with it now until one
o'clock, I should be very glad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
one proposing an additional rule.-
Mr. SUMNER. But as 1 understand the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] proposes to
address the Senate at length on the subject, I pre-
sume that we could not reach a conclusion before
one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over informally, if there bo no objection.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR, DAVIS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next resolu-
tion in order in the morning hour is one submitted
by the Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr. Davis.] call-
ing for correspondence between the authorities of
the United States and the rebels in relation to the
exchange of prisoners. It will be read.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest, that the Sen-
ate proceed now to the consideration of the matter
that was assigned specially for one o'clock to-day,
as there seems to be no business in the morning
hour. 1 think if we should proceed with it now
it would speed it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to postpone all prior oiders
for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the special order assigned for one o'clock this
day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded (o consider the following resolution sub-
milted by Mr. Wilson on the Sth instant:
Wheren-s the Hon. Garrett i) wis, a Senator hom the
Htate of Kentucky, did, on Hie 5ih d.iv of Januaiy, A. D.
1861, introduce into tin- Senate of the United States a se-
ilerf of resolutions in which, among othei tiling, it is de-
clared that "the people Noith ought to revolt again*! their
war Jeadeis and take tins groat matter into liieir <Avn
hand V thereby meaning to incite the people of the United
States* to revolt against the Piesulent ot the United States
and tho^e in authunty who support him in (lie pio->eei!tion
o( the war to pro*survo.piotect,ami defend the Constitution
ami the Union, and to lake the prosecution of the war into
their own hands: Therefore,
Be it raol'icd, That the *aid Garrutt Davis ha*, bv
the introduction of the resolution-* aforesaid, been guilty of
advwng the. people of the (hated States to tioa.-onable,
iuMHrecUonary, and rebellious aeiion against the Govern-
ment of the United ^Uites, and ot a gro^s violation of the
pnvsleges of the Senate; for which causes he is hereby
expelled.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, on the 5th of
January the Senator from Kentucky laid upon
your table a series of eighteen resolutions, and
the Senate, in compliance with his lequest, or-
dered thrm to be printed. These te solutions weie
placed upon our desks, and they have been read
by Senators who have the courage to impose upon
themselves a task so calculated to tax their powers
of. minum.v. Having, sn, a.reasonable degree
of c'!«'(hie«H.e m my own powers of endurance, I
< n "d ih   task of reading these resolves
aimed at the President of the United States, the
members of his Cabinet, the majority in these
Chambers,the laws of Congress, the proclamations
and orders oftheCommander-in-chiefofour Army
^nd Navy, and of all who are clothed with au-
thority toadministerthe Government of the United
States. I groped through this mass ofvituperative
accusations with mingled emotions of indignation
and pity; indignation at these libelous denuncia-
tions of patriots struggling to carry their periled
country through the fire and blood of civil war to
peace, unity, and freedom, and pity that a Senator
of the United States, in this hour of anxiety for
our menaced country, could pause to indite and
spread upon the archives of the Senate slanderous
accusations against the patriotic statesmen and
heroic defenders of the Republic. In this farrago
of spleen and malice the Chief Magistrate, his as-
sociates and supporters, struggling to preserve the
life of the nation, are accused, arraigned, con-
demned. The heroes ofGettysburg, Vieksburg,
Port Hudson, Chattanooga, and fields made im-
mortal by their endurance and valor—the heroes
who rescucd Kentucky, rescued even the hearth-
stones of that Senator from rebel desecration—are
branded as " subsidized armies;" and the men
who, at Port Hudson, Milliken's Bend, and Wag-
ner, fought with heroic valor beneath the old flag
fox the periled nation, are-stigmatized as " negro
janizaries."
After hurling his accusations, sir, at the Presi-
dent and his supporters in the Cabinet and in the
field, the Senator from Kentucky turns to the peo-
ple of the loyal North, and calls upon them to re-
volt against their war leaders, take the power into
their own hands, and go.into a national conven-
tion to terminate the war. Should the loyal peo-
ple of the United States act up to his declaration,
should they be incited to revolt agamst the Presi-
dent and his constitutional advisers, and take the
power in their own hands, assemble in national
convention, a convention unknown to the Consti-
tution and the laws, to terminate tiiis war for the
preservation of the Union, the fields of the loyal
States will be reddened with the blood of civil war.
The Senator from Kentucky declaresthat the peo-
ple of the North ought to revolt against, their war
leaders, take the power in their own hands, rush,
into national convention, which would be but a
mere revolutionary tribunal, proclaim peace, and
adjust the affairs of the country. He asks the Sen-
ate of the United States, with theiroathsof fidelity
to the Constitution recorded, to proclaim to the
American people this unconstitutional, revolution-
ary, and treasonable doctrine, that they ought to
revolt and assume the powers they have delegated,
under the Constitution of the United States, to the
men who now fill the executive, legislative, and
judicial departments of the Government.
Sir, the Senator from Kentucky is presumed to
know the meaning of the language he uses when
he declares that the people ought to revolt against
their war leaders and take the matter into then-
own hands.
Worcesterdefincs "revolt" to be: "to renounce
allegiance; to rebel; to desert; tofoisake; a gross
departure from duty ofallegiauce; a renunciation
of allegiance; an endeavor to overthrow legitimate
authoi ity; an in^ui rection, a rebellion; desertion;
sedition; defection."
In the sixtuentn section he calls the bloody in-
surrection of the rebels a " revolt," there!) y show-
ing that he knew the meaning of this word " re-
volt" when he urged it as a duty upon the loyal
people of the United.States. The Senator must
not trifle here; he must remember that this is the
Senate of the United States, and not a barbecue
in Kentucky. Senators cannot fail, here, to com-
prehend the import and meaning of the words and
phrases embodied in these resolutions, and they
know that these are the words and phrases of
statesmen, and not the idle babblings of fools.
Sir, men are held to intend the natuial and ne-
cessary consequences of their words and acts.
When men organize, revolt, and levy war against
the United Stares, and take the lives of unoffend-
ing citizens, they are, upon the facts, to be held
guilty of treason and murder. * Common sense re-
quires no further evidence of a man's intent than
the fact that, deliberately and with design and fore-
thought, he does the act forbidden, to the injury
of the citizen and the State. If a magazine be
placed beneath this Capitol, and a train be laid con-
necting with it, and the same hand that placed the
magazine and laid the train applies the torch by
which it is ignited, and the structure is thereby
riven into fragments from turret to foundation-
stone, it will not do to insult the understanding of
intelligent men by telling them that the contriver
and doer of this did nx>t intend to destroy the Capi-
tol of his country. So,sir, whoever, in theSenate
or out of the Senate, by apt and deliberate words,
carefully written and published , advises any por-
tion of the people to revolt against the executive
department of the Government, he must be held
by the judgment of mankind to have intended
what he advises.
When, by the express words of his resolutions,
the Senator from Kentucky declares that the
" people North ought to revolt against their war
leaders and take this great matter into their own
hands," he must be held to have intended that
they should rise in insurrection against their war
leaders and abjure their allegiance to the Govern-
ment of their country, for that is the precise im-
port and meaning of this word " revolt" in the
connection in which the Senator has used it. That
the Senator from Kentucky means by the term
"war leaders'9 the President and others subordi-
nate to him in authority, and that the people should
revolt against them, is not and cannot be open to
doubt. After what has been set forth in other
parts of the series of resolutions submitted by the
Senator, lest the people of the North mightdoubt
the statements so boldly and defiantly made, that
they " ought to revolt against their war leaders,"
and that they might know why and especially
against whom they ought to revolt, the Senator
from Kentucky further avowed and declared that
" the present executive Government of the United
States has subverted for the time, in large portions
of the loyal States, the freedom of speech, the
freedom of the press and free suffrage, the con-
stitutions and laws of the States and of the Uni-
ted States, the civil courts,and trial by jury." To
make good these charges of the "subversion of
constitutions and laws, rights and hbertiesof the
people, and to fire the popular heart of the North
for the revolt proposed and advised to be a high
duty, it is further declared in the resolutions
" that the President of the United States and the
civil and military officers thereof may commit
treason against any State whose government is
in the performance of its duties under the Federal
Constitution, by levyingwarngainst it,oradher-
mg to lis enemies, giving them aid and comfort,
as resisting with an armed force the execution ot
its laws, or adhering to such armed force, giving
I it aid and comforts"
That the crimes of the President may be made
apparent, and that the virtues of revolt may bo
clearly shown to the people, the Senator, in the
seventeenth resolution, solemnly proclaims that
"he (the President) ignores the constitutions of
Tennessee and Arkansas, and others that have not
been altered in any particular, but are the same
as they were before their revolt;" thus proclaim-
ing that the constitutions of States are not sub-
vened by revolt, but by executive usurpation. It
is further asserted in this resolution that the Pres-
ident "affects the position that ten of the insur-
gent States have forfeitedor dissolved their State
governments, and requires that they-be recon-
structed on conditions prescribed by himself;" 4
* * * that " his project is to continue
the war upon slavery by his further usurpations of
power, and to get together and buy up a desper-
ate faction of mendicants and adventurers in the
rebel States, give them possession of the polls
by interposing the bayonet, as in Maryland* Del-
awaie, and portions of Missouri and Kentucky,
and to keep off loyal pro-slavery voters, and thus
to form bastard constitutions to abolitionize those
States." That no man of the millions of the
"North thus invited by the Senatorfrom Kentucky
to revolt and take the powers of the Government
into their own hands may be mistaken as to the
" war leaders" against whom they arc told they
ought to rise in insurrection, in the eighteenth
resolution it is further declared that " the people
of the loyal Statesare resolved into two great
parties, the Destructives and Conservatives, The
first (the Destructives) consists of Abraham Lin-
coln, his office-holders, contractors, and other
followers." * * * " Their real objects
aie to perpetuate their party power, and to hold
