1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2197
gentlemen on the other side, as well as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who
1 regn-t has fallen into such an error, mu«i refer
to as their guide. It is th<4 only kind that could
be obtained to bolster up tlx: contestant, or rather
to show that the flection shall be sent back to the
people.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Brown]
declares that the sitting member has not proved his
case. He was followed in this by the member
fiom Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] on the same side.
I will not refer to the latter again, further than to
remark that the kindness of this House has per-
mitted him to indulge in a course of conduct in
this case which a sense of justice to the Ameri-
can people will not again tolerate. Not proved
his case indeed! I learn for the first time that
the burden of pi oof is upon an incumbent. He
has his certificate of election, a prima facie case,
which, until disproved in due form of law, gives
him as strong a title to his seat as that of any
member upon this floor. The contestant must
oveiconic General Loan's majority of 2,000
votes, and show conclusively that thus many le-
gal and qualified voters, who .would have voted
for himself, were excluded from their suffrages.
Until that is done there is no cose; and as it has
not been done, I shall vote not only against the
man who fails to prove his allegations, but against
sending1 the sitting member back to the people to
go through another election.
Mr. Speaker, this is one of the boldest attempts
to oust a member from his seat that I ever heard
of. Suppose we pass the majority resolution re-
ported by the committee and send this election
back, what shall we see? In the counties of tho
seventh Missouri district many remain who are
still rebels and their abettors. Some authouty
must be invoked, civil or military, to keep these
traitors from exercising the right of suflrage ac-
corded to loyal citizens.only. The scenes that
have been described will be reenacted. If, how-
ever, rebels find Congress, with full knowledge of
the facts, giving to them such pi ivileges they will
take care to nominate a candidate more objection-
able to us than thecontostant, who, i take pleas-
ure in saying, has borne himself with great de-
corum throughout this debate, and may succeed in
sending heie a helpmate to the member from Mary-
land, [Mr. Harris,] who will sympathize with
treason and give his voice and votes to embarrass
our armies and the cause of the country.
To conclude, sir, it is clearly shown that Gen-
eral Loan is entitled to his seat. He hus a cer-
tified majority of over 2,000. No one pretends
that this majority has been overcome by the
pioof. The matter has been discussed very thor-
oughly, and I trust, after hearing the parties to
this contest, we shall come to a vote, declaie the
incumbent to be i jghtfully the sitting member, and
proceed to the moie important business of the
nation.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to ask at this stage of
the discussion what effect the previous question
would have?
The SPEAKER. It would cut off all debate
cxcept the debate agreed upon in reference to the
contestant and the sitting member.
Mr. SMITH. Then I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was otdered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The contestant is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. BRUCE (contestant) took the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to make a hugges-
tion to the House in reference to an evening «es-
sion. I believe it was agreed to discontinue them
until to-morrow evening. I am informed it is the
pleasure of the House to have a session this even-
ing to close the debate on this question, so that a
vote can be taken in the morning. I tli^icfore
move that theie be an evening session for the
discussion of this question, with the understand-
ing that no business is to be done.
Mr. LOAN. 1 desire to ask the House to al-
low this debate to go over un'd to-moi tow, so fai
as I am concerned. I have been so umvell that I
have been unable to remain in my teat and listen
to what has been said. I do not think it will be
possible for me to stand by my d<'sk and say
what I desire to say this evening. I ask the House
to give me until to-morrow, instead of requiring
me to go on to-night.
Mr. PENDLETON. In order to accommo-
date both the gentlemen, I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. I withd raw my motion.
INHUMANITY TO PEDERAL PRISONERS.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution, and upon it de-
manded the previous question:
Resolved, That forty thousand extra copies of the report
of the joint select committee on the conduct of the war, on
the subject of the condition ot' returned prisoners of war,
and then treatment while m the hands of the rebel" authori-
ties, foe piintod for the use of this !Iou*e ; and that thcssime
ho hound with the report of tiie same committee relative
to the massacre at Fort Pillow.
Mr. PENDLETON. Will the gentleman
withdraw the .previous question to allow me to
move to redime the number to ten thousand ?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I cannot.
Mr. PENDLETON. As I yielded the floor
to the gentleman to introduce the resolution, I
do not think this is a very fair return.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
o/teiation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. PENDLETON,
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes,) the House
adjourned.   
IN SENATE.
Tueisdat, May 10, I8G4.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of agricultur-
ists, minors, and manufacturers of Philadelphia,
prnymg for thcenactment of suitable laws for the
encouragement of foreign immigration; which was
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
He also presented three memorials of citizens
of the boroughs of Glen Rock, Wrightsville, and
Sunbury, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
theextension of the Goodyear patent for the man-
ufacture of vulcanized India rubber; which were
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of per-
sons engaged in the express business in the State
of New Yoik, remonstrating against any change
of section ten of the act of March 3, 18G3, regu-
lating the manner of taxing, express companies;
which was refened to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FOSTER piesented two memorials of cit-
izens of Connecticut, and three memorials of cit-
izens of Massachusetts, lemons t rating against the
extension of the Goodyear patent for the manu-
facture of vulcanized India rubber; which were
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of per-
sons engaged in the express business in the State
of Massachusetts, remonstrating against the pro-
posed tax to which their business is to be exposed
under the tax bill as passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Wa-
terville, Maine, praying for the abolition of sla-
very throughout the United States; which was
referred to the select committee on slavery and
ft eedmen.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for the con-
junction of a ship canal around tiie falls of
Niagaia; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Ohio, remonstrating against the extension of the
patent of Charles Goodyear for the manufacture
of vulcanized India rubber; which was referred
to the f'.ommii too on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of U. 13.
Peak and others, citizens of Fort Howard, Brown
county, Wisconsin, praying for the establish-
ment of a tn-weekly mail route fiom Fori fiowr
ard, at the northern terminus of the Northwest-
era railroad, to Stiles, Wisconsin; winch was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. 1 «
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of minis-
ters of the gospel in the District of Columbia*,
praying for legislation in reference to their liabil-
ities for celebrating the rites of matrimony, which
was-referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented a petition of
steamboat men and citizens of Wheeling, West
Virginia, praying that the board of inspectors of
steamboats at that port may be continued; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of H. O.
Read, sister and executrix of the-late Colonel
Fanning, United States Army, praying for a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
REPORTS tfROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a bill (£>,
No. 252) to provide for the adjustment of claims
of aliens against the United States since the com-
mencement of the present rebellion, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 272) to facilitate trade on
the Red river of the -North; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED*
Mr. PI ALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 270)
to amend an act entitled "An act to establish and
equalize the grade of line officers of the United
States Navy," approved July 16, 1862; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
271) relating to civil actions in the District of Co-
lumbia; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
VETERAN ENGINEERS.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to take up House bill
No. 251, which I think will not occupy much
time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 251) to organize a regiment of veteran vol-
unteer engineers, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The first section of the bill proposes to author-
ize the Secretary of War to enlist, out of any
volunteer forces in the army of. the Cumberland
that have served, or are now serving, as pioneers,
pontoniers, or engineers, a regiment to serve
wherever required for three years, or during the
war, to consist of ten companies, and to have the
same organization, pay, and emoluments as are
allowed to engineer soldiers under the provisions
of the fourth section of the act providing for the
better organization ofthe military establishment,
approved August 3, 1861.
By the second section, the officers of the en-
gineers thus authorized to be raised are to be ap-
pointed and commissioned by the President of
the United States, on the recommendation of the
commander ofthe army of the Cumberland, and
to receive the same pay and allowances as engineer
officers of similar grade in the regular Army.
The third section provides that all persons re-
enlisting under the piovisions ofthe act shall re-
ceive the bounties now paid to veteran volunteers,
if they enlist within one month after its passage,
and they shall be accredited to the subdivision of
States in which they oiiginally enlisted.
Mr. WILSON. As the time for paying the
bounties mentioned in the thiid section has ex-
pired, I move to amend the bill by striking out
that section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in. It was ordered
that the amendment be engrossed and the bill be
read a third time; and the bill was read the third
time, and parsed.
PENSION TO WIDOW OF SENISRAL WHIPPLE.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 2.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senatfj a#
