1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is£i
although a good many clerks desired to go homo,
according to ancient and uniform custom, to vote
at-the time of the election, they all either paid
their own transportation or it wag paid by their
friends, or, if you please, out of a political fund,
and was notcharged upon theTreasury, norupon
any Department of the Government.
I assure the gentleman that upon examination
he will find that his information has been wholly
incorrect; and [ am sure that if he had known it
to be incorrect he would nothave made this charge
against the Government. There is, therefore,
no necessity for tins amendment, and there was,
excepting through misinformation upon which
the gentleman relied, scarcely any justification
for making the statement which he did. I know
he made it honestly; I know he would not have
made it otherwise; but he made it under a mis-
take, and in consequence of information which
has deceived him. I venture to say that he will
find ail of it to be untrue.
Mr. KERNAN. I certainly would not make
any such grave charge, even as a matter of belief,
if I had a serious doubt as to its correctness. I
took pains to say to the House that I did not affirm
this of my own knowledge. I do not. I did say
to the House, however, that I made the statement
on information quite direct, and which I believe
to be true. I will state now that I did get the in-
formation from those who were then employes
in Departments of the Government, and are now.
I may go that far without any impropriety. I did
understand that every man who went home went
home not at his own expense. My informant
stated that he did not understand that their ex-
penses were paid by a committee, and that he be-
lieved they were sentatthe publicexpense. Now
this may be all untrue; for the sake of the coun-
try I hope it is; but that is pretty direct inform-
ation to come to a member of Congress and he
not call attention to it, that there may be a vindi-
cation if there is amistake,and that astrong hand
may be laid upon it if any such corrupt practice
has prevailed. I also got further information from
a clerk in the transportation department, who, as
I understand, saw the passes, winch went through
hia hands, and they were, as he gave me to un-
derstand, such passes as soldiers who are trans-
ported by the Government use when they pass.
Now, I may be in error. I say again I hope
that I am. But it will do no harm to put in this
proviso, and let the committee of this House
whose duty it is to look into the public expendi-
tures—I call their attention to it—examine and
see whether these clerks, who went home in large
numbers, had their expenses paid by some polit-
ical committee, or traveled at the expense of the
tax-payers of this Qpuntry. I know, sir, that the
law does not permit it to be done; but if such a
thing has been done it is right that the House
should mark their condemnation «f the act by
putting a proviso in this bill forbidding the trans-
portation of civilians employed by the Govern-
ment at the public expense.
Sir, 1 learned these facts somewliatincidentally.
These gentlemen did not come to me to infoim,
but they made remarks which led me to believe
that this outrage on the Treasury had been per-
petrated. I desired, at the first oppoitunity, to
have a proviso inserted in the proper bill forbid-
ding this; and I desired, in this manner—prop-
erly, I trust—to call the attention of the House,
which should be the guardian of the Treasury, to
information that I have had which leads me to
believe it was so. I desire that there shall be an
investigation into this thing, that we may know
whether it be true or whether it be false. If it be
false 1 shall rejoice; if true we cannot express
too strongly the condemnation by Congress and
people of any such practice.
. Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, as I said
before, there is no part of this bill which would
justify an expenditure for anything but what is
specified in the bill, and the adoption of such an
amendment would be a mere censute. If there
has been any such abuse of the powers of the
Government it is right that it should not only be
declared here butinvesstigated. But I am sure that
the gentleman does not want to have this go forth
to the public as a suspicious rumor. I call upon !
Inm now to give the name of his informant, and
I pledge myself to introduce a resolution, before
this House adjourns to-day, to send the investi-
gation to the committee on the conduct of the war. j
Mr. KERNAN. As i said before, it would not
be proper in me to bring'the 'name of the individ-
ual on whose information I spoke before the pub-
lic; but if a committee of investigation be raised I
will name witnesses who must know whether it
be true or not.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee on the con-
duct of the war is already raised, and I call upon
the gentleman, as a duty which he owes to the
country, as a duty which he owes to himself as
a man of honor, to give us the name of his in-
formant, and I shall undertake to send the matter
forthwith to the committee. I pronounce the
whole thing false.
Mr. KERNAN. While I cannot say that it is
true 
Mr. STEVENS. Then the gentleman should
not have mentioned it.
Mr. KERNAN. If the gentleman will give me,
not a whitewashing committee, but-an investi-
gating committee, I will name the witnesses who I
think will prove the truth of what 1 said.
' Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will not give
us the name of his informant, that we may send
it before that committee, I hold him responsible
for the clamor, and the country will hold him re-
sponsible for it. The Administration cannot be
scandalized in this way by gentlemen occupying
a privileged place here, unless they are wiUingto
come up and declare the authority for theirstate-
ments. If the thing charged has been done, those
who did it deserve the severestcensure. If it has
not been done, those who raise the false clamor
cannot be held excused. And I again call on the
gentleman from New York to furnish me, either
here or privately, with the name of his informant,
that I may send it before the committee.
Mr. KERNAN. I will not be put in a fjilse
position. I took great pains to say to this House,
m guarded language, that I could not affirm it was
true. I took great pains, nevertheless, to say that
I had acquired information which led me to be-
lieve it to be true. Let there be a fair committee
raised to investigate at whose expense these men
were transported home to New York and Penn-
sylvania from their Departments; and if what I
have stated is not shown to be true, no man will
be readier than I to admit that I was misled. The
gentleman [Mr. Stevens] is an old parliamenta-
rian. He knows very well that I cannot come be-
fore the House and expose clerks who may have
made remarks inadvertently in my presence and
who would be subjected to great persecution if
their names were iivulged here. But give us an
investigating committee, and I will furnish the
names of witnesses who will testify as to this mat-
ter, and we will get at the truth.
Mr. STEVENS. There will be no persecution
of the man who tells thetruth. If heisa liar and
perjurer, he will be punished; but if he tells the
truth, lie will deserve the thanks of the country.
If the gentleman froA New York has allowed
himself to be misled and placed in an unenviable
position, he ought to setlumself right. As to the
committee being impartial, it does not lie in the
mouth of a gentleman to impeach a committee
already raised by both branches of Congress by
insinuating that it is not impartial. Had some
other gentleman made this allegation i would not
have been surprised; but they come to me with
astonishment from the gentleman who has made
them; and I'again say that unless he gives the
names he must be put down as the calumniator.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
I have a strong belief in the truth of the charge
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Kerna.v.] I do not believe this Administration
of the Government incapable of doing what has
been charged on it; and I shall wait for the in-
vestigation offered to be made to bring the facts
to light. I do not know the facts that have been
stated; but, as I have already said, I have the
strongest suspicion that they are true.
I should like to know who furnishes transpor-
tation for the slave women and children stolen
from St. Mary's county, Maryland. Recently,
sir, Government vessels and steamers came there
and robbed the owners of their women and chil-
dren under the pretense that they were the wives
and offspring of those who had enlisted in the
United States Army. Who paid for that? Where
is the law whicii will justify even the robbing the
owners of the negro women and children of Gov-
ernment soldiers:
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman from
Maryland to order. He is not speaking to ffie
amendment before the committee,:but has raised
issues of hisowri. ["Laughter,] -
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland.. I did not.hear
the witty remark of the gentleman from; Penn-
sylvania. He always has something to, excite
the mirth of that side of the House. : •" ,! >«,••*'
I assert here, sir, that there is no daw for t-he
robbery perpetrated by the infamous Genera] Ben-
jamin K. Butler. There is no law to justifythe
bringing of steamers alongHlie shore and robbing
my constituents of their slaves. You have passed
laws to take certain negroes within certain ages,
and then there is ah order of the military depart-
ment by which these steamers are brought along
the shore to rob us of women and children and
to take them to Fortress Monroe. This has taken 
place m St. Mary's county, whore I have lately "
been. Some of my constituents have been rbbbed
of all their servants. I myself have been a great
sufferer. I am not excited on that account, al-
though I have a right to demand justice. I think
that the Administration which would sanction
such a robbery would be giwlty of anything, ant}
especially the charges made by the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I had not the
pleasure of hearing the remarks of the gentleman
from New Yoik, [Mr. Keiinan,] hut I heard hia
brief response to my venerable and distinguished
colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] in which he implicated
Pennsylvania and the city of Philadelphia, and I
beg leave to say that loyal and honest voters absent
from that city and State on duty were concentrated
there, and patriotic soldiers who were legally en-
titled to vote, but were in hospital here or else-
where, were transferred to their respective voting
districts that they might exercise their legal right.
I beg leave also to say to him and this House and to
the country, that the Government sent no civilian
or soldier to that city or State to vote. The patriotic
people knew the great issue involved in the last
election. They knew that the armies in thefield
were either to be sustained by patriots at home
or overthrown by a wily foe in the rear, and they
did not mean that the results of nearly three years
of bloody war should be lost for the want of the
expenditure of a few tens of thousands of dollars.
They knew the candidate of the Democratic party
for the gubernatorial chair of the State had ex-
pressed his entire sympathy while upon the su-
preme bench with the South by announcing that
if a division line should be made he wanted it
upon the north side of Pennsylvania.
Mr. STILES. Will my colleague yield tome?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir. Does my colleague
undertake to controvert that proposition?
Mr. STILES. In what portion of the State
of Pennsylvania did the candidate of the Demo-
cratic party ever use that expression?
Mr. KELLEY. He proclaimed it from the
bench.
Mr. STILES. In what case?
Mr. KELLEY. It was in the hearing of the
bar of Delaware and Chester counties.
Mr. STILES. In what case?
Mr.KELLEY. It was not in any case; itwas
in a conversation between the judge and the bar-
while waiting five minutes before beginning the
argument of the list of cases from those counties.
Mr. STILES. Does not my colleague know
that the slander was refuted in the canvass?
Mr. KELLEY. No,sir. The truth of itwas
not even denied in the contest.
Mr. STILES. It was denied all over the Com-
monwealth, and I pronounce the statement here
utterly untrue.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 call upon my colleague who
represents the Delaware and Chester district [Mr.
Broomall] to say whether he, the Messrs. Dar-
lington and two other distinguished members of
that bar, did not hear Hon. George W. Wood-
ward make the remark I have attributed to iiihl
from the supreme bench of Pennsylvania.
Mr. STILES, I call upon them too; fori deny
that he ever made the remark.
Mr. BROOMALL. As I am called upon I feel
bound to state what 1 did see and hear upon the
occasion alluded to. My colleague [Mr. Keliet]
is somewhat mistaken in stating the facts. Itwas
not from the bench that the declaration was made,
and it was not during the trial or argument of a
rause. it was before the session commcnced and
