1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
3173
ance as in relation to the tribunal which is to de-
cide it. The resolution selects as that tribunal a
commission to be appointed by the Secretary of
the Navy. Those who oppose it say that the
proper tribunal is the Court of Claims. But the
opposition, as well as the resolution itself, admit
that a state of facts may exist, and possibly does
exist, which should entitle these claimants to
some relief. Now, so far as the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims is concerned, 1 do not see,
unless you confer it upon them by statute, that
the case presented by this resolution is one in
which they have jurisdiction. I think the Sena-
tor from Hhode Island, speaking in behalf of the
committee, has misapprehended the resolution;
and the Senator from Iowa and the Senator from
Indiana also misapprehended the resolution in
that particular. The resolution states that these
parties entered into contracts to furnish machin-
ery for the side-wheelgunboatsknownasdouble-
enders. It does not proceed to say that what
they did afterwards was done under any other
contract than the original contract; but it pro-
ceeds to say that a board of competent persons
is to examine the claim of the contractors. What
for? "For additional compensation for con-
structing the same, [the engines,] and to report
to the Department what losses have been suffered
by said contractois upon their contracts." That
is all. It does not assume, it does not state di-
rectly or by implication that any other contract
has been made than the original contract; but it
states that in the execution of the original con-
tract the contractors have sustained losses. If
that be so it is perfectly clear that the Court of
Claims have no jurisdiction at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator does not
understand me as assuming that state of facts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know, but I am saying
that that is the state of facts set forth by this res-
olution. It is not alleged on the face of the reso-
lution that anything was done by the Navy De-
partment as between the Navy Department and
the contractors which alters in any way the con-
tract originally entered into, but the resolution
states that in the performance of their contract
the contractors have incurred losses. The board
are first to ascertain if losses have been incurred
in point of fact, not whether the United States are
bound by contiact to make good the losses, but
whether in point of fact the contractors have suf-
fered pecuniarily in an honest endeavor to com-
ply with their contract. Having ascertained that,
then they are further" to ascertain, if there were
losses, whether those parties are justly entitled
to relief, and what, if any, relief—" what, if any,
additional allowances ought in equity to be made
to them by the Government;" that is all.
It is an appeal to the equity of Congress, not
founded upon the existence of any contract creating
in the sense of the law an equity in winch a court
of chancery, or in which the Court of Claims, if it
had chancery jurisdiction, could give any relief,
but an equity founded in the justice of Congress,
founded upon the fact, if it shall turn out to be the
fact, that this contract has been honestly complied
with upon the part of the contractors. But it has
been complied with by their incurring losses,and
whether the Government will indemnify them as
against those losses, whether it is just that they
shall be indemnified, and to what extent they shall
be indemnified, is a matter to be submitted to this
board and nothing else; and when that isdone the
decision of the board is notto be conclusive by this
resolution. It is to go to the Secretary of the
Navy for his approval. His approval of what?
His approval of the decision of the board. First,
has the board correctly decided that losses have
been sustained? Secondly, have they decided cor-
rectly the amount of the losses? And thirdly,
have they decided correctly whether under all
circumstances m a controversy as between an in-
dividual who has rendered a service of this sort
to the Government under a contract which has
left him a loser, it is just and equitable that the
Government should make him good ?
1 know, Mr. President, that the principle which
is involved in this resolution, if carried out in ail
cases, will lead to mischievous results; but that
was equally true of the resolution which we
passed just now. We have, by a resolution passed
a short time since, discharged the conti actor who
undeitook to build the new vessels, the Puritan
and the Dictator, from responsibility under that
contract, and we have gone further and have told
him that we will take one of the vessels at its
present value;for everybody knows, and the hon-
orable member from Ohio was right in suppos-
ing, that the present value of the Dictator, that is
to say, the value of her materials as they arc now
in her, and the value of the workmanship as the
workmanship is now in her, is to give these con-
tractors perhaps fifty per cent, more than they
were entitled to by their contract price; but yet
we have done it. Why ? Because a great Gov-
ernment when dealing with its citizens in a mat-
ter of this description, where they have aided them
in placing them in a condition to meet the exi-
gency in which the country is, will never be in-
fluenced by these nice and strictly legal principles
which govern contracts as between man and man
or govern ordinary contracts as between the Gov-
ernment and individuals.
But how is it as between individuals ? I do not
now speak of all; but how would it be as between
the honorable member from Indiana or the hon-
oiable member from Iowa and another person ?
I assume—I hope the assumption is true in point
of fact—that they are millionaires. They enter
into a contract with a builder to put up a house.
They are strict in the provisions of their contract.
It is to be built for $20,000. It turnsout that the
builder has expended $40,000, and that the house
which my fiiend from Iowa and my friend from
Indiana, according to the assumption, will be the
owner of, is worth §40,000; would they let the
builder who contracted with them be ruined, or
would they make an allowance, a generous allow-
ance? And if a generous man would interfere
and save the party from ruin, a fortiori will a gen-
erous nation interpose and prevent a contractor
from bem? ruined.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maryland
has put this matter upon precisely the right
ground. It is an appeal to our generosity. He
undeistands the case exactly. There is not the
slightest claim on the paYt of these contractors
that there has been the slightest deviation from
their contracts. They have not been required to
do anything in connection with this machinery
that they did not stipulate to do in their contract.
They admit it; the Secretary of the Navy says
it, and it is true as he has said that this is an ap-
peal to the liberality, the generosity, and the be-
neficence of Congress. It is also true that if we
grant it in this case we shall have appeals made
to us day after day and day after day, upon the
authority of this precedent, just as we have had
appeals made to us because we have already this
evening decided in favor of the Ericsson claim,
or because on a prior day of the session we de-
cided in favor of some man who furnished the
Governmentcorn, andanotherman whofurnished
it wagons.
If the Senator from Maryland will permit me,
I want to call his attention to some slight differ-
ence between the Ericsson case and this. I voted
in favor of the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] but that was
unsuccessful; but still there is a vast difference
between the Ericsson case and the case now under
consideration In the Ericsson ease they were
very large iron steamers, sea-going vessels. The
iron was the principal article that was used in
them. By the direction of the Navy Department
verymaterial changes had been made in the con-
struction of those vessels since the original con-
tract was entered into. The term of completion,
therefore, has been piotracted in consequence of
those changes, and the loss that Ericsson and his
sureties were likely to sustain, and would have
sustained but for the passage of the joint reso-
lution, grew out of and was in consequence of the
act of our own Administration in changing the
form of the construction of the vessels. But that
is not the case in relation to the vessels now under
consideration. There has not been the slightest
change from the original contract; the specifi-
cations have been implicitly followed so far as
the machinery has been constructed by the con-
tractors, They have never been required to change
them, and they have not changed them m the
smallest degree. The Secretary's letter says so,
and the contractors themselves say so.
One word in reply to the Senator from Rhode
Island. He thinks that I am guilty of a gieat in-
consistency because 1 proposed to refer the ques-
tion of the location of a naval depot at Cairo to
a commission of seven, commissioned and sworn
officers of the Navy to investigate and report and
I am unwilling to create a new judicial tribunal
(for it is neither more nor less than that) for the
purpose of investigating questions in connection
with\these claims. I think .the Senator upon re-
flection will see that there is all the difference in
the world between directing our own servants to
go out and investigate a given subject for us and.
report to us, where there is no money involved,
where there is no necessity for taking testimony,
where there is no necessity for passing a judicial
opinion, but merely to investigate certain phys-
ical facts, with which they are supposed to be,as
experts, perfectly familiar, and creating a new
tribunal to proceed to investigate facts and then
render a judgment upon the facts that shall be
found.
Mr. HALE. If the statement made by the
Senator from Iowa be correct, there cannot be the
slightest harm in passing this resolution, for no-
body can give them a cent under it under his state-
ment, because it will be seen that the closing pro-
vision of the resolution is in these words:
Provided, That such additional compensation shall in
no case cxcecd an amount which, compared with the price
stipulated iu the contract, shall be in due proportion to
the excess in weight of tin1 engines builtoversuch as wore
contracted for, except for alterations in form or material
made by express order of the Government.
Thai is all they can get.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me f
Mr. HALE. I do not give way. I have given
way all the evening.
Mr. COWAN. 1 should like to have an ex-
planation, liow it comes that these engines were
ouilt of a different size from those contracted for,
unless it was by express orders of the Govern-
ment. Is there any evidence of that ?
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me to
observe that 1 think on his motion the word " con-
tracted " was stricken out and the word " bar-
gained" inserted.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, and I will explain the
reason why that was done. The reason was this:
these contractors went to the Navy Department
and made a bargain for the construction of this
machinery, but the contract was not reduced to
writing, and it never has been and it never is the
practice of the Department, as 1 have been in-
formed, to reduce them to writing. They send
out a contract and allow the luan who is to per-
form the work to sign it, and then it is returned to
the Department, and they put it on file and keep
it; but the contract is never what it purports to
be and what it ought to be, a contract signed by
two parties. After they made the bargain, be-
fore the contract was issued, they went to work
and by the time the contract was sent to them
for signature they had proceeded so far that they
could not back out; they would have to abandon
the whole of it; they were at the mercy of the
Government; they must either take such a con-
tract as the Government would give them, or else
throw up the work, by which ihey would have
lost infinitely more than they now do.
The allegation that they make is that they were
to build engines similar to those of the Paul Jones,
and their allegation further is that they wore as-
sured by the chief of the Bureau of Steam Engi-
neering that the weight of the engines that they
were ultimately ordered to make would not ex-
ceed the weight of those of the Paul J ones above
ten or fifteen per cent, at the most, whereas in
point of fact they did exceed them by nearly
eighty per cent. This resolution isso constructed
that no board can give them a cent over and above
the weight of the engines which they did build,
over and above those which they contracted to
build, except the alterations that were made by
the express order of the Government; that is all.
This is not a case of special pleading; it is not
a case for legal technical niceties; but it is a fair,
equitable, honest claim for the excess in weight
of the engines that they built over those they
contracted to build, and for alterations made by
the express directions of the Government. It is
impossible for one of those contractors to contend
with the Government. I remember reading of
some English judge—I do not remember pre-
cisely who, but my friend from Pennsylvania can
tell me—when it was proposed in a court of law
to send a party to a court of chancery, said,
"Would your ioi dship send a fellow-being there?"
