1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
lit®
State these men were transported at Government
expense?
. Mr. KERNAN. My information was as to
the State of .Pennsylvania.
Mr. GOOCH. The reason why I asked the
question is this: theState ofNew Hampshire held
nn election a few days since, and I am informed
by a gentleman now present on this floor who has
had the entire management of transporting civil-
ians from tins vicinity to New Hampshire, that not
a single dollar was paid by the Government for
such transportation, but that on the other hand
cyery clerk and civilian who went there did so at
bis own expense or through the contributions of
his political fi lends.
I have before me the names of the men who went
to^New Hampshire to vote at the late election,
with the amount paid by each for transportation;
and a high officer of this House will verify by his
, oath the truth of the record. Ilere, then, we have
the proof that the Government has not paid a dol-
lar for the transportation of any clerk or other
civilian to New Hampshire to vote in the late elec-
tion, and I submit that there is no reason to be-
lieve that it has paid one dollar for the transpor-
tation of any person to any other State for such
purpose.
1 understood the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Kkrnan] to say that the committee on the
conduct of the war, a committee composed of gen-
tlemen from both political parties, is a whitewash-
ingcommittee. Did I understand the gentleman
coitectly? •
Mr. KERNAN. I said that I wanted the mat-
ter investigated by a committee appointed by the
House, and thsttl did not want it to go to a white-
washing committee. I meant no disrespect to the
gentleman. 1 do not know who the members of
the committee are. 1 said that 1 did not want it
to go to a whitewashing committee. I said X
wanted a committee appointed to investigate the
subject if anything were done at all.
Mr. GOOCH. It comes to this, then, that the
gentleman from New York has as much authority
for charging that the Government trans ported civil-
ians to their States to vote as he has for insinu-
ating that a committee of this House is a white-
washing committee; and no authority for either.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
proposed that this matter should be referred to the
committee on the conduct of the war for investi-
gation. No member of that committee asked it.
No member desiies it. If it is referred to them
they will investigate it thoroughly and to the sat-
isfaction of everybody.
Mr. KERNAN. Let me state my meaning.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] the
other day charged fraud and corruption upon the
Treasury Department in reference to the trade in
cotton. He promised upon his responsibility to
prove the charges to betiue. Insteadofappoint-
ing a select committee, his resolutions were re-
ferred to the committee on the conduct of the
war, and in my presence he called for the yeas
and nays, saying that he wanted to know who
were for sending his proposition to a whitewash-
ing committee. Does not the gentleman know,
when charges are made against an Administra-
tion in power and a committee is appointed of the
friends of that Administration, that it is always
called a whitewashing committee? 1 appeal to
older parliarnentaiians than 1 am. The friends
of the Administration try, so far as they are able,
to screen it. I believe in such cases the expres-
sion " whitewashing"is almostuniversal. Never
before did I think it was personal to call a com-
mittee a whitewashing committee. As I have
said, the gentleman from Missouri tried to get a
select committee, and when they proposed to re-
fer his resolutions to the committee on the con-
duct of the war he called for the yeas and nays,
as he said he wanted to know who desired to send
his proposition to a whitewashing committee. It
is a general expression.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Chairman, several of my
colleagues on the committee and myself were ab-
sent from the House oil public business on the
occasion to which t,he gentleman refers. I fear
that he has followed a bad example in this case.
His insinuation against the committee is pre-
cisely of a piece with his charge against the Ad-
ministration If I understand him correctly he
Bays that any committee of this House, no matter
for what purpose created, composed of a majority
of the friends of the Administration, is a white-
washing committee, and that gentlemen on the
other side have a parliamentary right to Call it a
whitewashing committee. It is on this principle,
I suppose, that the gentleman feels authorized to
charge upon the Administration a corrupt expendi-
ture 6f the public money, shielding himself be-
hind the fact that he'is an Opposition member.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to ask what the
question before the committee is?
The CHAIRMAN. It is upon the proposition
of the gentleman from New York,[Mr. Kernan.]
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Well,sir, 1 think the de-
bate is about exhausted upon that, half a dozen
members having spoken on both sides.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate upon the
bill has not been closed.
Mr. CHANLER. The question before the
committee has, thiough the various turns of de-
bate, been bro.ught to this: whether my colleague
[Mr. Kernan] is entitled (should he see fit to ask
the House to examine this question) to a commit-
tee of investigation for the purpose of inquiring
into certain improper and fraudulent practices
charged to have been carried on by the present Ad-
ministration for the purpose of securing a majority
in the elections. He proposes to ask no more than
an investigation; he will ask of Congress no more
than a public avowal of facts. But he is met upon
the threshold of his inquiry with the charge of
fraud and slander by the pure-minded and high-
minded chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, a man "who never at any time impugns
aught against another, who never rises without
sneering as he takes his seat, who allows every
reputationtogo untainted. Thatgentleman, with
an indignation not manifested on any other occa-
sion, hurls the full force of his rhetoric againsta
man simply asking for truth.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Gooch,] too, is indignant that his party commit-
tee is not called by their own name. Hecharges,
in effect, my colleague from New York with great
impropriety because he did not call them a black-
washing committee. They want to smut the mat-
ter over; they want to cover up the operations of
this wrong which they dare not bring to light.
They do not hesitate to impugn the motives of a
member upon this floor seeking for truth, while
they themselves are denying the only practicable
means of arriving at the truth.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from New
York to allow me to inquire when the gentleman
from New York has moved the appointment of
a committee? I have known no such motion to
be made. 1 supposed we*were discussing a pend-
ing amendment, to the bill under consideration.
Mr. CHANLER. I will inform the gentleman
that the discussion upon this amendment has
turned upon the matterofthisinvestigation, which
it is veiy well known the gentleman from New
York stands ready to move whenever the proper
opportunity offers in the House. The whole
drift of this debate has been to that effect. Upon
that proposed investigation the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means turned upon my
colleague from New York and demanded that
inasmuch as he had asked an investigation he
should transfer that investigation to a committee
already existing; so I understand the gentleman
to have said.
Now, sir, the point before this committee is one
of honor and of honesty. These gentlemen pro-
pose to smut over the inquiry. They do not like
the name of " whitewashing committee." Let
them have their own name and their own way,
but let us on this side of the House have the truth.
All want the light.
If the gentleman from New York, my colleague,
is right,if he proves his case, then thegentleman
from Massachusetts admits that his committee is
a whitewashing committee. He has accepted the
proposition that if the charge is true his commit-
tee is a whitewashing committee. He admitted
it in his argument.
Now, to remove himself from the impropriety
of his position, from the dilemma of his own
choice, he must in honor and fairness permit this
question to come before a committee for investi-
gation, and I understand my colleague is ready to
move such an investigation. I ask this House
whether this charge which has been made is to
be turned off by,these personal assaults? ;.W%at
we ilesire.is an investigation for truth, t i
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do n,ot-rise to ens*qr>tfe 
gentleman, but merely to see whether this 4eb tt
canno'tbe brought to aclose. Tlie gentlemsn who
has just spoken need notfeartliat Iwillmakeany
insinuation'or sneer or_thrust at him; there are
some .reptiles so flat that.the cwnitfoitfbjrfqf Wan
cannot crush them, [Laughter:] -I move that the
committee rise-for the purpose of,closing this de-
bate, ~ i :•
The motion was agreed to. . , . . >
, So the committee rose;, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson reported thaX tto
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
having, according to order, had the state of the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the bill of the House (No.-198) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army, for the
year ending June 30, 1865, had come to no con-
clusion thereon. > , - -
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
again goes into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union all debate upon the clauses
under consideration be closed in one minute a£ter
the committee shall resume its consideration. ■
The SPEAKER. General debate will have to
be closed upon the whole bill before the motion
of the gentleman will be in order. The rule pro-
vides that all debate upon a clause or a section "oM
bill may be closed after general debate has'been
closed on the bill.
Mr, STEVENS. I move, then,-that ail .gen-
eral debate upon the bill be closed in five minutes
after the House shall again go into;committee. •
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know whether
the gentleman proposes to cut olf all debate upon
this bill?
Mr.' STEVENS. All general debate; not thi
five-minute debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the proposi-
tion to be to cut off all debate.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to cut
off the hour speeches, leaving the five-minute .de-
bate to proceed. And then the gentleman pro-
poses to move that all debate upon the particular
clause shall ceasc in five minutes. . '
The motion of Mr. Stevens wasltgreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that all debate
upon the pending clause, in committee, be closed
in five minutes after the committee again resumes
its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of thfe
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of-the
Union, (Mr. Wilson in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the Army appropriation bilf;
the pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Kernan.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, as
to the propriety of the proposed amendment.
Even admitting it to be true that employes in
the civil department of the Government have not
been permitted to use Government transportation
for the purpose of reaching their respective States
to vote, this amendment is still necessary. Tllis-
proposition goes further—it proposes that no part
of this appropriation shall be expended for the
purpose of transporting civilians not connected
in any way with the Army. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania seems to think there is no law or
regulation that now allows that kind of transpor-
tation. I wish to inquire of thegentleman whether
he hasnotseen within the last few months an order
issued by the War Department authorizing a dis-
tinguished bishop of one of the churches of this
country, residing in the Northwest, to proceed by
these facilities offered by the Government, and at
the expense of the Government, to the city of
, Memphis,. New Orleans, and perhaps elsewhere,
I for the purpose of taking charge of certain church
| property which the Secretary of War deemed it
I important, for civil purposes at least, to put under
j his control, but in nowise connected with mlll-
! tary opperations. Indeed? as far from it as a
j peaceful religion is from war.
