THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. -C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Sess
THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1864.
New Series No. 12.
di&regard of law by such agents is never tolerated by a wise
and free people."
"15. Resolved, That a fiee press, free speech, and free
ejection's are the great and peaceful forces by which the
maladministration of our Government, whether in the le-
gislative or executive depaitment, is prevented, reformed,
orreverscd, and its authors brought to public condemnation
and punishment; and those bulwarks of constitutional gov-
ernment and popular liberty are formidable to malversa-
tors, usurpers, and tyrants only, and they must be upheld
by the people at all hazards."
Now, I will read the resolution upon which
the learned, profound, and patriotic Senator from
Massachusetts drew his indictment originally:
"13. ResolveJ, That at the beginning of the war, under the
panic of the dcicatot ihill Run, the paity in power pro-
fessed toc.ury it on for the constitutional end to put down
the tebeliion find vindicate the laws and authority ot the
United States m the indigent States, and when that was
effected it was to cea*e But more than a year ago, another
and paiamount and unconstitutional end, the total subver-
sion of slavery, was inaugurated by them ; and, at length,
to cairy on the war in this perverted and augmented form,
the annual expenditure on the part of the United States
has swollen to one hundred thousand lives, a much laiger
amount of personal disability, and a thousand millions of
money, and yet the wises-t cannot see the end of the war.
Verily,the people Nonh.ind the people Souih ought to re-
volt ajjainct their wai leaders, :uid take this great mattei
into their own hands, and elect members to a national con-
vention of all the States, to terminate a war that i* enrich-
ing huudicds of thou>amh of officers., plunderers, and spoils-
men in the loyal States, and threatens the rna^es ot both
sect urns with irretrievable bankruptcy and indefinite slaugh-
ter, and to restore their Union and common Government
upon the great principles of Hbeitv and compromise de-
vised by Washington and his associates."
Sir, I utterly contiovert the position that there
is any insurrection invited or stimulated in these
resolutions, or m any one of the series. The res-
olutions institute or attempt to institute a bold
and a frank investigation of the principles and
measures of this Administration; and i intend to
continue that operation until the Senate expels
me from it as one of its members. But, sir, if
such shall be the judgment of the Senate, I have
a higher mission than that of cnacting Senator of
the United States. I have the mission of an Amer-
ican freeman born under the Constitution, having
imbued in my boyhood tffid cherished in my ma-
ture manhood its immortal principles of liberty,
and to them I will adhere while there is breath m ;
this feeble body; and I will go home, and among
my native people, in my own loved Ivcntucky;
I will raise the cry of oppression, and tyranny,
of usui pation, and revolution against the faithless
men who have chaige of their own Government.
Mr. President, we have fallen on evil times in-
deed. We not only have a great war, a great
insurrection, a great rebellion, which I have al-
ways said I believed to be second in wickedness
and consequences if successful only to that rebel-
lion to which the Senator from Massachusetts
adverted, when Lucifer and his rebel angels were
hurled fiom heaven; but in addition to that we
have our own Government, the administrators of
our Government, who are sworn to support it,
sworn to uphold, protect, and defend the Consti-
tution, not only to uphold the power with which
the Constitution clothes them, but a*bove the lib-
erties which it guaranties and secures to the citi-
zen, and without which the Government would
never have been formed—we have these men re-
creant to their high trusts, by the grossest per-
version of power, by its glaring abuse and usurp-
ation, both civil and military, trying to subvert
that Constitution and the popular liberties which
it secures. And if any man has the audacity to
question their measures, their justice, their wis-
dom, their constitutionality, their compatibility
with the continuance of popular liberty, the man
who dares to attempt to perform that task is
branded and denounced by them as disloyal, as a
tiaitor. Sir, a grosser perversion of language, a
bolder slander than what has been uttered by the
Senator from Massachusetts against me never fell
from human lips.
Mr. President, we have had great men in the
past. The founders of our Government were great j
men; wise, good, great patriots. When I desire ;
to learn the principles of our Government and of !
our Constitution, I go to that noble fountain of S
12
political truth, their illustrationsof it. Such men
as the Senator from Massachusetts only perform
the ignoble and base office of attempting to mud-
dle that fountain. He is not competent to any
other work. Sir, I will read from what Mr. Web-
ster said upon this subject of investigating the
measures of Government and its officers:
" It is the ancient and indubitable prerogative of the peo-
ple to canvass public measures and the merit® of public men.
It is not to be drawn into controversy. It is as undoubted
as the right of breathing the air or walking upon the earth.
Belonging to private life as. a light, it belongs to public life
as a duty, and ni< the la^t duty that I shall abandon. This
high constitutional privilege 1 shall defend and exercise at
all'hazards."
In that sentiment I am but the humble follower
of the immortal expounder of the Constitution.
At a far-off and humble distance, I intend to fol-
low his lead, his enunciation of that great senti-
ment, and though I may not be as much in ad-
vance and efficiency as others in upholding it, I
will be found as steady and true to Us support as
any one.
The Senator from Massachusetts seems to have
installed himself into the position of a sort of over-
seer of this body. He certainly has been playing,
or attempting to play, that part ever since I have
been a member of it, and I have been amused at the
important, authoritative, and dictatorial manner
with which he bustles about in this Senate, and
administers his lectures and rebukes to every-
body, to use the fashionable term, whether they
are on his side or the other side of the Chamber.
He is very frequent in, and exceedingly pleased
with, his use of the term " Government." He has
persuaded himself that the President, the Secre-
tary of War, and the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs of the Senate constitute the
Government. He is perfectly assured, beyond all
doubt, that he is the Senate, or if not the entire
Senate, at any rate much the largest and most
important part of it. Although the Senator*so
assumes and so arrogates to himself, I do not
think there is a human being, in the Senate or out
of the Senate, that is imposed upon by that delu-
sion save and except himself. I will read the res-
olution which this learned Senator, this able man
in all affairs of peace or war, who instinctively,
intuitively conceives and compiehends every-
thing, whether in legislation, or jurisprudence,or
administration, or war in the fit Id—I will read
the icsolution which that Senator threw before the
Senate when this subject was brought into it:
"Mi. Wilson. Mi . President. T rise for the purpose of
submitting a resolution of a personal nature. X find on my
desk a senrs of resolutions mtioduced into the Senate on
the5th instanthy the Scnatoi fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
Thope resolutions class the Government and its support-
ers "
The Vice President, then occupying the chair,
interrupted him, and said:
" The Senator will fir^t submit his resolution."
I should have supposed that a man of his ex-
perience and his nice and high sense of senatorial
propriety would have come to that conclusion
without being admonished to it by the Presiding
Officer.
"Mr. Wilson. Very well; I submit my ievolution.
"The Vice pre&idkvr. The resolution will be read for
the nifoimation of the Senate.
k'The SecteUiy read the resolution. a<; follows:
« Wbcww the Hon. Garrett Davis, a Senator fiom the
State of Kentucky, did on the oth day of J-mnary, A. 1).
1861, introduce into the Senate of the United States a series
of rc>oUiuoii* m which, among other things, it is declared
that 'the people Ninth ouuht to revolt again-t their war
leaders and take thw great matter into their own hands,'
thereby meaning to incite the people o| the United States
to revolt against the President ot the United States and those
in authoiuy who &uppoit him in the pio-,ocut on of the war
to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution and the
Union, and to take the piosecution *of the war into their
own haiuK: Therefore,
" Be ibrcsoh cd, That the -aid C^rrf.tt Davis, has, by the
intioduction of the resolutions afote-atd, been guilty of ad-
vusing the people ol the United States to tiea-omible, in-
sure etumary, and.rebellious action against the Government
of the United States, and of a gto^ violation of the privi-
leges ofthe Senate ; for which causses he is hereby evpehed."
Oh, if the Senator had only been as puissant as
he fancies himself to be, if he had had a power
commensurate to his purpose, the deed then would
have been d<5ne;but I thank my stars that there are
juster, wiser, better men, abler men, and more
patriotic by immeasurable odds, in this Senate aid
in the whole country than the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. If there were not, God save the eoun~
iry, or it would go speedily to irretrievable and
hopeless ruin.
"ThePresiding Officer, (Mr. Anthony inthechalr.)
Will the Senate give unanimous consent for-the consider-
ation of the resolution at the pie?ent time?
" Mr. Wilson. I do not propose to call it up for action at
the picsent time, but t intend to do so at some time here-
after, for f desire to lecord mv vote upon it. I have offered
thiri resolution without consultation with any Senator, on
my own responsibility."
Heavens! what a responsibility it is.
" Often f heard the. men who organized this treasonable
rebellion thieaten the dissolution of the Union, and make
treasonable appeals to the country, and when this bloody
revolution opened I resolved that if 1 ever heard in this
Chamber more treasonable utterances, I would move the
expulsion of the Senator uttering wotds of treason."
What patriotism ! What a noble and courage*
ous patriot I How long did that Senator sit under
those enunciations of treason three years ago? I
was then at home busily employed jn my domes-
tic affairs and in the prosecution of my profes-
sion. Occasionally I adverted to and read to some
extent the debates in the Senate. I read the crim-
inal avowals of the traitors who have organized
this great crime, this groat rebellion. I read the
declaration of a man with whom 1 once messed
as an associate, when I was formerly a member
of the other House—Mr. Toombs—who stood
up in front of that chair, in which sat the Presid-
ing Officer of this Senate, and boldly announced
to him and to all the Senators present, " 1 am a
rebel, and you never looked upon a better lebeU"
How was it with Mason of Virginia, anotherau-
dacious traitor? He stood in the same presence,
and declared, " I owe no allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of the United States." How spoke Wig-
fall and Davis and the other leaders in this great
rebellion ? Why, sir, day in and day out, and
nearly every hour of the day that the Senate was
in session, they flouted their treasonable assever-
ations, their denunciations of the Government
and of its power, in the presence of the pure and
august and coutagconsand patriotic Senator from
Massachusetts, and he was as dumb as a fish.
Was there ever such a grand theater for the dis-
play of his moral and physical courage, and the
highest order of patriotism if he had had it? 1
did not read in my distant home the declarations
of those audacious traitors without feeling my
blood boil within my veins. Had I been present
and a member of the Senate, and had heard their
utterances of bold treason, and witnessed the in-
sulting mariner with which they assailed their own
Government and country, I believe I would have
been a little more demonstrative than the mute
Senator from Massachusetts was.
The Senator was then in a minority; but he
was in the presence of avowed traitors; he had
no army to back him in any line of conduct he
chosc to adopt; but now the state of things is al-
tered. I am here in a minority; the Senator from
Massachusetts is in a triumphantand overwhelm-
ing majority in this body; and in addition to that,
he is supported by hundreds of thousandsof sol-
diets, whose officers hold their places by the will
of the power at the other end of the averm^, and
when they arc ordeied to do the behests of their
chiefs they must do it, or dismission, disgrace, a
court-martial, martial law, and sentences to be
shot will be their doom. But, Mr. President, if
the condition of things could be changed, if h
were possible for some Pro&pcro to lure back the
party that was then in power, and to place the
Senator in its midst, and he was doomed to suffer
the shame, the humiliation, the ignominy to his
patriotic soul, of again listening to the treasonable
declarations of those men, would we ever hear of
a resolution fiom him to expel thorn, or any of
them? I think not. Men are very brave and
very valorous when the danger has passed away;
but when his party command the situation, and
have congressional majorities, and aitnies^num-
beicd by hundreds of thousands to do^heir bid-
