1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2199
are to be sworn gave rise to the first amendment.
There is no statute onr the subjcct. In some cir-
cuits and in some districts in cases in which there
is a grand jury the witnesses can only be sworn
in open court by the judge; in others (existing al-
together in practice) they may be sworn by the
grand jury. But there being no statute which
gives to the foreman of a grand jury expressly4
the right to swear a witness, it has been doubted
whether an oath of that description, if violated,
could be punished, because of the want, or the
supposed or supposable want, of authority on the
part of the foreman to administer the oath. The
object of the first amendment, therefore, is to give
that right to the foreman, and, of course, to fur-
nish all the security thatan oath properly admin-
istered can give that the truth will be told by the
witness.
The second section is the one of which 1 have
already spoken in part, except in this particular:
challenges now for cause, with which the latter
partof the amendment deals, are tried by what are
called triers. Those triers, if the challenge is to the
first of the jury called, are selected from other per-
sons, from members of the bar, or anybody else.
If there are a sufficient number of jurors sworn
without objection, and a challenge is made to any
of the rest of the jurors in succession, the validity
of that challenge, both in fact and in law, is to be
passed upon by three jurors already sworn. The
committee thought—and I know such is the opin-
ion of a good many of the judges of the present
day, and was the opinion of many of those who
have passed from us—that in all such eases it is
much better to leave that question to be passed
upon by the court. The committee, therefore,
provide that challenges of that description shall
bp tried by the court without the aid of triers,
making the court the judge both of the fact al-
leged as cause of exception to the juror and of
the sufficiency of the cause, if true in point of
fact.
The third section corrects a mischief which is
found to be rather a mischief in expense than
anything else. It provides:
That in evtiy c.i-se wJieic «my pciscm convicted of any
offence airainst the fifnited States yball be sentenced to ini-
pn-onim-ut for .1 pniod longer than one year, it shall be
lawful lor 11 ie couit by which the sentence is priced to
order the f-ame to be executed in any State pmau or pen-
itentiuiy within the di-auctor State wheie j-uch contt is
h'ld. the u^of which pri&on or pcmK'titiaiy is allowed by
The lie<n>l.iiurr of r>uch fc*tate tor Mich pmpo.-H's • and the
oxpffinc-s aHfuukmr upon the execution ot such sentence
shall be paid by the United States.
To that I suppose there can be no objection.
The fourth section is intended, and 1'think cal-
culated, while securing justice to the party, to
saveagood deal of expense in the administration
of criminal jurisprudence. The Constitution of
the United States secures to a party accused trial
by jury. It has always been held that that was
a privilege given to the accused, but that he might
waive it if he thought proper. The object of the
fourth section is to give him the privilege of waiv-
ing it. It provides:
That issuer of fact in civil cases in any ciicuit court of
the United States may be tried and determined by the court
Without the intervention of a jury, whenever the parties or
then* attoj itpys of lccmd file a {stipulation in wilting with
the cleik of the couit waiving a juiy.
That is, both parties. We have that provision
in Maryland with reference to our State court,
and it has been found to act very beneficially.
Juries are expensive, and the mode of trial m
most eases is very dilatory. In all cases under
$1U0, the cases are tried before our court, unless
either party insists upon a jury, and in all other
cases, if the paities think proper to waive a trial
by jury, the court try them. We apply it to
criminal cases, notcapitai. In nil criminal cases,
if the party accused thinks proper to waive his
right to a trial by jury, he does so and the court
try the case. We could not well get along in
Maryland with the court system we have there-
for we have only one court particularly in the
city of Baltimore to administer the whole crimi-
nal justice in that city—without a provision of
that description; and the committee thought that
while it could do no possible harm to anybody,
it might expedite the administration of criminal
justice on the part of the United States.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will add but a word to
what 1 have said already. I approve of the gen-
eral charactcr of the bill; the Senator has ex-
plained it very fully and undoubtedly shown the
importance of the Senate enacting it; but the
amendment which I propose is solely confined to
the second section; and if I understand that sec-
tion alight it includes within its scope the allow-
ance of challenges in all criminal cases triable in
the United States courts. The section, in the first
partof it, proposes to change the law relating to
peremptory challenges in the case of treason and
other capital offenses, and to restrict the number;
and in the second branch of the section the right
to peremptory challenges in all other cases with-
out exception is clearly given as I think. It is
very short, and it will be better understood by
leading it than in any other way:
Jlrul he it further enacted. That when theoffensecharg^d
be tieas-on or a capital offense, the defendant shall be en-
titled to twenty and the United States to five peremptory
challenges.
That is in the case of a trial for treason or any
other capital offense.
On a trial for any other offense, the defendant shall be
entitled to tea and the United States to two peremptory
challenges.
That includes all other cases. The Senator from
Maryland says that he does not propose that the
section shall apply to all other cases so as to in-
clude all minor offenses, but that it was meant to
apply to such other cases than cases of treason
and capital offenses, in which there is now exist-
ing by law a peremptory right of challenge, and
he understands that the second branch of this
section is to restrict the number of challenges m
those cases. In that view of the case such would
be the effect; but 1 do not understand that to be
the effect arid scope and meaning of the section.
If the object is to limit and restrict the number
of peremptory challenges in cases other than cap-
ital offenses and felonies, and there are peremp-
tory challenges in such cases to a larger number
than is thought proper, we can by an additional
amendment correct that and lessen the number of
challenges in those cases, as well as in all other
cases, and I suggest that the amendment would
have that effect if it read in this way:
On a trial for any other offense, where by existing laws
peremptory challenges are now allowed, and iu ail other
ca&* 
Mr. JOHNSON. Strike out " in all other
cases." If the honorable member will permit me
a moment, 1 will state that the statute of 1790
gives in cases of treason a light to challenge per-
emptorily thirty-five, and it goes on: "And if
any person or persons be indicted fm any other
oi the offenses hereinbefore set forth," which does
not include misdemeanors, he has the light to
challenge peremptorily twenty, and 1 am sure the
meaning of the committee was merely to reducc
the number which, under the law as it now stands,
a party would have a right to challenge both with
reference to offenses other than treason as well as
in cases of treason. 1 would propose, therefore,
to amend it, with the permission of the Senator,
by inserting after the words " other offense," m
the fourth Tine of the second section, the words
"in which a nght of peremptory challenge now
exists," and then we can settle the number after-
wards. I move this before the amendment of the
Senator from New Jersey is acted upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
fiom New Jersey may modify his amendment.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will agroe to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the permission of the
Senator and the consent of the Chair, I move to
amejid by inserting after the word " offense," in
the fourth line of the second section, these words:
"m which a right of peremptory challenge now
exists." As far as I am concerned, 1 am per-
fectly willing to accept the amendment proposed
by the Senator from New Jersey, to insert " five"
instead of" ten."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from New Jersey so modify his amend-
ment?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Yes, sir. I believe there
is no objection now to fixing the number at five.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment, as modified, will be read.
jl The Secretary read, as follows:
j Onatrial for any other offence, in which the right of per-
il emptory challenge now exist.-, the defendant shall lie enti-
j1 tied to five and the United States to two peremptoiy duil-
ii lenges.
j Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
: j very much importance m it. I think it is just as
well to leave it at ten; and I see no reason for
limiting it to cases where challenges are now al-
lowed. The practice in my State is, in all crim-
inal cases where a defendant is upon, trial, to
allow him a certain number of peremptory chal-
lenges. Whether it should be ten or two is 4
matter of some importance perhaps to the defend-
ant. If he has ten, there is no difficulty jn get-
ting a jury. I feel disposed to be liberal myself
in that respect.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It increases the expense.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does, not increase the
expense a dollar in my State according to our
practice, for we have two panels of jurors pres-
ent, and a challenge of ten leaves enough for a
jury, and they are the same expense whether they
are sitting in the jury-box or waiting to be im-
panneied. It makes 110 difference to us, and I
cannot see how it could increase the expense any-
where. I do not think there is importance in it,
but I do not see whyyou should deny a peremp-
tory challenge in any case. Why deny it in one
criminal case, although the punishment may be
simply imprisonment in the penitentiary, and it
is not a capital offenao? Why not allow it?- I
think there is a propriety in allowing a man a
peremptory challenge. There may be prejudice
in the mind of a person summoned as a juror
that would not disqualify him from sitting, so
that he could not be challenged for cause; and
yet the party on trial may know that there is ex-
isting a feeling that would not permit the juror
to give him a fair trial. I would be liberal in the
matter, and I should prefer that it stood as.the
committee reported it.
Mr. DAY1S. I will say a few words on this
bill  .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator and call up the special
Older.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 395) to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds, and
to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, the pending question being on the amend-
ment, of Mr. Collamek, to insert after the word
"deposits," in the ninth line of the thirty-first
section, the following words:
And one ibiiith of the com received by each association
liom the Treasury lor interest on its bonds, shall by such
association be kept, held, and ^sequestered as a prut of the
amount of money icquired so to be kept on hand, until
the full amount composed of coin, which shall so remain
until -peeie payments shall be resumed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to say a very few
words in closing the debate on this amendment.
If I understand aright the argument of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] it is that inas-
much as the individuals who now hold these bonds
are entitled to have the interest upon them and
use it as they please, therefore the same right
ought to exist in relation to the banks when thoy
own the bonds. It is true that a man owning
United States bonds is entitled to receive his six
per cent. 011 his bonds, and it is his property. It
is also true, as I before remarked, that the bonds
themselves are property for many purposes.
They are choses in action against the Government,
and they are the means by which a man may
borrow money. He can borrow money pledging
the bonds, they being security for the loan. But
when we undertake to make them into bank cap-
ital, and authorize the associations to issue cur-
rency upon the strength of them, and bank upon
them, that is entirely a new privilege. That is
the privilege of loaning money on them, not bor-
rowing money on them; and for that new privi-
lege of using these bondsas a banking capital,the
Government has a right of course to annex to the
grant of that new privilege such conditions as it
may think proper, and if hns annexed a great many
conditions in this bill. The idea that the banks
have a right to this money received as interest,
and to keep it as their own peculiar property,
because they own the bonds, when if they did
nothing else but own the bonds they could have
the money and keep it, is certainly inapplicable
to this case, and it is no answer to my proposi-
tion.
But,Mr. President, I observe that in the speech
of Mr. Hoofer, of the other House,who has been,
1 believe, the principal engineer of this bill, the
