817ft
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
June. 2%%
should be composed of himself and two or three
surgeons. I will read the letter; it is a very sin-
gular letter:*
Navy Department,
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, March 18,1864.
Sir : An act of Congtess (No. 24) to supply deficiencies
in tlie appropriations for the seivice of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1881, appropriate? $35,000 for erecting a naval
hospital at Kittery, Maine; ana according to the debate in
the Senate, as reported in the Daily .Globe of the 13th ul-
timo, it was the understanding that the 6ite was to be se-
lected within or without the limits of the navy-yard, as
might be found most judicious and expedient.
As considerable feeling has been manifested on the sub-
ject, as thQ selection of a site may or may not involve ad-
ditional outlays ofmoney, 1 have the honor to suggest that
this subject may be confided to' a board consisting of Com-
modore John Pope, United States Navy, Surgeon Chailes
Chase, United States Navy, the surgeon of the navy-yard,
Portsmouth, the chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Sur-
gery, subject, of course, to the final approval of the hon-
orable Secretary of the Navy, The boatd to meet at the
navy-yard, Portsmouth, on Friday, the 25th instant.
Commodore Pope and Surgeon Ohase are selected be-
cause of their Jong seivice at Portsmouth station, and con-
sequent familiarity with the topoaiapliy.
It is important the worft should be commenced as early
as practicable, to have it completed, if possible, before
winter sets in.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. WiifiLAN.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
Dr. Whelan, having given an opinion on the
case, suggests to theSeciemry toappoinlu board
of four members and u> put upon it himself and
two of his subordinates; and a report was made
favorable to his views, which is not at all strange.
The Secretary of the Navy intimates in a let-
ter which I have before tne that ho will await
the action of Congress, and if there is no legisla-
tion he will build the hospital within the yard.
It is the opinion of those conversant with that
yard that that would be injudicious and they
would rather it should await theacliou of another
session ofCongross; they would iaUu-r not have
any hospital there ihnu have it built in the pres-
ent yaid, which in effect would destroy the yard.
After it was understood what was going on, a
memorial was addressed to the Secreuuy of the
Navy in which it was stated:
We should much prefer seeing the l.uv making the ap-
preciation rot tin* hospital n-pealni to having It thus ex-
pended. llendt"*, we cannot conceive what can induce
the (iovi-rinniMii in place this hospital on this particular
yard, when it har> not been done in any oth'-r navy ymd,
so tar as we are advised, in the United States."
That memorial was stoned by L. M. Morrill,
Senator from Maine; F, A. Pike, Representative
from Maine; Daniel Clark, Senator from New
Hampuhuv; John U. Kick, Representative from
Maine; [I, Uollins, Repiesentative from New
Hampshire; 8. Pbruam, Representative from
Maine; J. W\ Pattkhson, Representative from
New Hampshire; J. G. Blaink, Representative
from Maine; Danibl Maucy, Representative
from New Hamiwhne, and myself. This icmon-
stmnce against building the hospital wiihin the
yard was signed by every member of Congress
fiom Maine and New Hampshire, with the ex-
ception of Mr. SwiiAT, iho Repreqoniutive from
the fust district of Maine, and the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Pkssenden'.J The latter appended
to the memorial ihe following:
t£ I am of opinion that no new hospital should hecieeted
within ih<* pi'^cnt hunts of the yaid, and that the law ot
Congt ess >hould be iwivutod, if it can be, consistently with
the lu'st mtcii^u of thy Government. As, however, it is
merely an apj i epilation, I think the whole matter is within
the discH'tiQii ot the Secretary."
I am authorized by Mr. Sweat* who at the
time this memorial was signed was out of the
city, to say that he fuily concurred in it, and he
wanted to sign it afterwards, but I told him the
papers were out of my hands. The members
from the two States particularly interested in the
work think the public interests will be subserved
by postponing the appropriation till the next ses-
sion of Congress rather than by erecting it within
the yard.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not f«.cl disposed to
interfere with the action of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, from whom this bill comes, if they
have investigated it. In pursuance of my duty
as a member of the Committee on Finance I re-
ported the bill containing the appropriation which
it is now proposed to lepeaL ff there had been
any land owned by the Government outside of
the yard and connected with iton which this hos-
pital eould be placed I should have preferred to
limit it in that way, according to.^jie general idea
1 have on the subject, it was expected that such
land might-be purchased, and with that view the
appropriation was worded as it was, to leave the
whole matter in the discretion of the Navy De-
partment to act, they having already authority to
purchase certain land outside of the yard if they
choose to do so. I have a general opinion—and
that was the opinion 1 meant to express in sign-
ing that paper—that it is not good policy as a
general rule, especially where a yard is quite lim-
ited in its extent, to put a hospital inside of the
yard or very, near it. I was of opinion, how-
ever, that under all the circumstances of this case,
an appropriation having been made for the pur-
chase of land outside the yard on Seavey's island
and a hospital being needed, it was best to make
the appropriation and leave it to the discretion of
the Department, they not being obliged to spend
the money this yearornext year, i so expressed
myself in the opinion I appended to the paper
which had already been signed by my colleagues,
with one exception, I believe, before I saw it,
and by the delegation from New Hampshire.
Under these circumstances, I shall interpose no
sort of objection to the opinion expressed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, which is perhaps
the more, proper tribunal to judge of this matter.
I leave it to the judgment of the Senate upon the
statement that has been made. I think a hospital
is very much needed there, especially at the pres-
ent lime. The result uf the repeal will be to post-
pone the erection of the hospital for another year.
The Senate can judge perhaps better than I can
what it is advisable to do in relation to the mat-
ter; hull make no objection to the bill.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
PUNISHMENT FOll ENTICING TO DISSERT.
Mr. HALE. After the Senate met this morn-
ing, I received a communication from the United
States district attorney for Massachusetts, sug-
gesting an amendment in the criminal law. The
bill (S. No. 321) was introduced and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs. The committee
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment, and as it is very brief I ask to have
the bill considered now.
I3y unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 324)
prescribing the punishment for enticing or aiding
seamen to desert the naval service of the United
States was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that any person who shall
entice, or procure,or attempt, or endeavor to en-
tice or procure any seaman or other person in the
naval service of (he United States, or who has
been recruited for such service, to desert there-
from, or who shall in any wise aid or assist any
such seaman or other person in deserting or in
attempting to desert, or who shall harbor, con-
ceal, protect, or in any wise assist any such sea-
man or other pel son who may have deserted from
the naval seiviee knowing him to have deserted,
or who shall refuse to give up and deliver any
such person on the demand ofany officer author-
ized to receive him, shall be punished by im-
prisonment not less than six months nor more
than three years,and by fine not more than $2,000.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affuns was to add to the resolution, " to be en-
forced in any court of the United States having
iiti Iadic^on."
The amendment was agiccd to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, at)d the
amendment was concurred in. The bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL PENSION FOND.
Mr. HALE. I rise now to present the last
piece of business which the Naval Committee
have to offer. After the meeting of the Senate
this morning I received from the Secretary of the
Navy a joint resolution relating to the investment
of the naval pension fund. It was introduced
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and they have unanimously instructed me to re-
port it back and ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution (S.
No. 69) regulating the investment of the naval
pension fund was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Navy,as trustee of the naval pension
fund, to cause to be invested in the registcied
securities of the United States on'the 1st of Janu-
ary and 1st of July of each year so much of the
fund then in the Treasury as may not be required
for the payment of naval pensions for the then cur-
rent fiscal year; and the interest, payable in coin,
is to be exchanged for legal currency at the current
rates of premium on gold, the amount to be placed
to the credit of the fund. There is a proviso that
nothing contained in the resolution is to be so
construed as to interfere with the payment of
naval pensions by the Secretary of the Interior
as now regulated by law.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third>reading,
read the third time, and passed.
REPEAL OP FUGITIVE SLATE LAWS,
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of the House bill
No. 512.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will not oppose the
Senator's motion to-night; but there are several
very important bills from the Committee on Com-
merce which I shall ask the Senate to consider
to-morrow. Some of them have to go to the
House of Representatives; others coming from
that House aie to be perfected, and it is import-
ant that early action shauld be had. I will spend
to-night with great pleasure with the Senator
from Massachusetts on his bill, but to-morrow I
shall demand the day for th-e Committee on
Commerce,
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let us proceed,
then.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. Let us have one day without
the "nigger."
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nayson
the motion to adjourn, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—ayes 8, nays 28; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Cowan, Powell, Richardson,
Riddle, Sanlsbury, Van Winkle, and Willey—8.
NAYS—,\Ie>pra. Anthony, Brown, Buekalew, Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, Foot, Foster Grimes, Hal< , Harlan Harris,
[Inward, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Dongall, Moiyan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Uamsey, Sherman,
Spiague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son— '>8.
ABSENT-—Messrs. Collamer/Conness,Davis, Doolittle,
Fessendea, Harding, Henderson, Hendricks, Hicks, Howe,
Neaimih, Wilkinson, and Wright—13.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts to proceed to
the consideration of House bill No. 512.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On that 1 ask for the
yeas and nays. •
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title of
the bill will be read for informotion.
The Secuetauy. uA bill (H. R. No. 512) to
repeal the fugitive slave act of 1850, and all acts
and parts of acts for the rendition of fugitive
slaves."
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] had the floor on that bill.
I nm just informed that he is too sick to be in at-
tendance to-night. I suggest, therefore, to the
honorable member from Massachusetts that he
ought not to press the bill to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Kentucky
has had ample notice. He knew that this bill
would be movpd as soon as I could get the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable memberdid
not hear me, 1 am sure, or he would not have
made such an answer. I said the Senator from
Kentucky was sick.
Mr. SUMNER. What he has to say is, as he
has announced, a second edition of a speech on
Massachusetts. He can make that as well on
any other bill as on this.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know what he is
going to say.
Mr. SUMNER. He announced thatyesterday.
We understand U on this side,
Mr. W1LSON. We shall have up another bill
on which the Senator from Kentucky can make
his speech.
Mr. JOHNSON. Speaking from an experi-
ence of some years before the honorable member
from Massachusetts became a member of this
body as well as since, 1 have never known a
bill pressed in the absence of a Senator who had
