178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
ding, oh, how wondrously brave is the Senator
from Massachusetts!
But I will read furtherof the Senator's remarks:
" These are not words utteied in debate, but they are in
the Senator's resolutions."
The Senator was so important, so ail-sufficient
and self-sufficient and insufficient thariie would not
deign to consult with a single individual on this
subject. He gets up and puts on foot the proceed-
ing upon his individual responsibility. " Oh, this
glory shall be mine; none shall shareitwith mo,"
1 suppose he said to himself. I reckon the Sen-
ator, by all-the acts of his life before, military and
civil, had won so little of true glory that he
would be very tjiankfulforsmallfavors,and would
be glad to reap the notoriety of my expulsion
upon his resolution without any cause for which
any Senator ought to be even challenged, except
in the course of manly and free debate.
" He tells the people, he asks the Senate to tell the peo-
ple of the country, the lo>ai men ot tlie North, and the reb-
els of tho South, to revolt; yes, sir, to revolt against their
war leaders, to take affairs iato their own hands, to elect
delegates to a national convention, to stop the wai."
The learned, the profound Senator from Mas-
sachusetts declares that a national convention is
treason, that it is a thing unknown to the Consti-
tution and altogether unauthorized by it. I am
told that that Senator boasts of being the suc-
cessor of iMf. Webster. Ye gods, what a suc-
cession! [Laughter.] "Tostop the war." There
is the point. There is where it pinches. The
bloody-minded Senator from Massachusetts does
not want the war to stop. Well, sir, 1 do not
desire it, and as far as my vote goes it shall not
stop until the rebels have submitted to the Con-
stitution and laws and authority of the United
States. That is my position and the position of
my Stale. I have held it in scenes where the soul
of the Senator from Massachusetts, brave as he
wishes to be thought to be, would have quailed.
1 intern! to hold it foiever; but I intend to hold it
upon the Constitution according to my under-
standing, upon its restrictions and limitations of
power, upon its distribution among the various
departments—the legislative to one, the executive
t<> another without a juti tide of legislative, mid
the judicial power tit a third. Because men vio-
late these principles and these fundamental divis-
ions of the great powers of the Government, I
am not going to be recreant to the (Jovernment
and tlie couuti y. I will sustain those who ate
intrusted to adruinistei it, however incompetent
and unworthy they may be. Although I believe,
I religiously b.dieve, and would go to the stake
to-day in proof, that they are flagrantly and wick-
edly violating the Constitution, yet that would
not induce 1110 to pause one moment in voting to
them pioper supplies and means to carry on the
war to a successful issue; far from it. But here
is where the shoe pinches the Senator. Ills great
and pal amount put pose is to carry 011 this war to
the final destruction of slavery; to use all the war
powers arid all the other powers that the execu-
tive department can usurp, or induce, tho people
to acquiesce in their exercising, to the annihila-
tion of slavery per fus uut ncfas.
1 propound to the Senator from Massachusetts
this question; if the rebels in the southern States
were to olfer to come back to-morrow upon con-
dition that they should have all their rights under
the Constitution except so far as those rights
lune been_ forfeited by their conduct and ciimes
imdcrthatinslrument,and as that forfeiture might
be adjudged by the appropriate tribunals,'would
you agree, sir, that they should come back and
hold slavery in all those States as heretofore?
The Senator is-eilent. Ills heart answers that ques-
tion. There is no man 111 the Senate who has ob-
served his course but what knows that lie is more
devoted to the abolition ofslavery every where than
he is to the vindication of the Constitution, laws,
and authoiity of the United States; and I vemuie ,
now the proposition that if the choice was offered ! j
him to-day, or to-night upon his pillow, which jj
will you take, sir, the separation of the southern !l
States or the restoration of all the States upon the
basis to which i have just adverted, he would not
hesitate one instant of time ia taking separation
of the southern States. But he is now in a party
that has the majority, and so he asserts the pop-
ular, the patriotic, the revered doctrine that it is |j
the duty of every true man to preserve the Union, il
but always upon the sine quit no it that slavery j!
must be abolished everywhere, even if the Con-
stitution protect it. His true position is that, as
his party have the control of the Government and
the direction of the most numerous and efficient
Army ever assembled upon the earth, and they
will soon have this rebellion at their feet, it and
slavery must expire together; and however soon
the first might be effected, it shall never be ex-
cept simultaneously with the last, whatever may
be the costeven to the loyal in slaughter, misery,
and rapine. Sir, I say that that being the Sena-
tor's purpose his position is nefarious, it is vio-
lative of his oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, and it is immeasurably wicked.
To hear him talk about his loyalty, a stranger
coming into this Chamber would suppose that
there was no other man in the United States who
had any loyalty but himself, or at any rate be-
yond all sort of measure and comparison he was
the most loyal, Constitution-loving, and Consti-
tution-supporting man in America. I will exam-
ine that proposition for a moment by and by.
But he says the national convention which I
ask the people of the United States to call is un-
constitutional. I admit that if a convention was
called in any mode different from what is pre-
scribed in the Constitution itself it would be revo-
lutionary; butatthe same time 1 assume this po-
sition, and I am ready to maintain it, that if a
majority of the people of all the States chose any
day to meet togetherin sovereign convention and
to do away with their Government they have the
right and the power to do it.
Mr. HOWARD. Would that be constitutional?
. Mr. DAVIS. No; 1 said it would bo revolu-
tionary; but they have the power and the right
to do it. I am opposed to all such irregular ex-
ercises of power, thus to call a convention, and
it would beunnecc&sary,as the people couid then
inquire it to he called in the ordinary mode. 1
am a friend of law and of order, ofliborty, of reg-
ulated liberty; and without law, constitutional
and statutory, inflexibly executed, there never can
bo liberty or ssecuuty.
Now, sir, I sun stating a proposition, not that
I assume that it ought to be acted upon. Iam
opposed to it as a practical proposition; but our
Government is a political partnership. A mer-
cantile partnership is formed; it has half a dozen :
partners.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I wish to
understand tho Senator from Kentucky as clearly
a« possible, and if I misundeistand him I desire
him to conect me. I understand him to a/firm
this proposition: that if a majority of the people
of all tli l- Statfs of the Union should seo fit to as-
semble in national convention, a convention thus
containing a majority of all the people of each of
tlie several States would huve not only the power
but Ahe light to abolish the present Government
and to establish .such other Government as they
might see fit. I understand the Senator to aver
tins to be the light of a majoiity of tlie people.
If that is his idea 1 shall be very much obliged
to him to explain from what source he derives this
alleged right on the part of the majority of tho
people of the several States. Is it derived from
the Constitution? If it is I admit that it is a
right; but if it is not derived lroni that source, 1
wish Inn) to explain whence he derives it.
Mr. DAVIS. I was just proceeding, Mr.
President, in an explanation of that position. I
hope the honorable Senator will preserve his pa-
tience and will allow me to get along with my own
explanation.
_ Mr. HOWARD.
tience, sir, on my part.
Mr. DAVIS. And when I have made my ex-
planation fully, if it is not satisfactory to the hon-
orable gentleman, or if there is anything upon
which he desires the light of my fuither declara-
tions of opinion, I will most cheerfully {mint it
to him.
There is no want of pa-
I wasproeeedingtoillustrate that principle, Mr.
President. I have stated distinctly heie that I am
opposed to all revolutions in the Government,
either military or pacific, whether they are brought
about by armies in the field, or by conventions,
or by the conspiracy and usurpations of those
who have the possession of the Government. 1
am opposed to any convention being called as a
matter of policy, and of the highest and most per-
manent policy, unless it be called in strict con-
formity to the Constitution. But at thg same time
I maintain, as an abstract principle, that the peo-
ple of the United States, if a majority of all the
States concur, have the right and the power both—■
a revolutionary right 1 admit—to meet together
and to do away with their present Government if
they see fit, and I was about to illustrate it by a
mercantile partnership.
This Government and this social organization
of ours is nothing but a political partnership. Six
gentlemen get together and they form a partner-
ship in trade. They enter into articles of part-
nership that is to continue for a certain number of
years, and it is not to he changed without the con-
currence of the partners. Suppose that immedi-
ately after this partnership has been commenced
all the partners get together and they then and
there agree that they will cancel their contract of
partnership and do away with it, have they not
the power to make the cancellation? So of the
people of the States in dissolving their Govern-
ment. But that is an abstract proposition; it is
abstract to my purpose; it is opposed to my no-
tions of proper and safe policy.
But, sir, the convention that I suggest in the
resolutions is not of that character. I speak of
" convention" as the term is used in the Consti-
tution. 1 ask the people of all the States to get
together and to go into national convention to take
this great and desolating and cruel war into their
own hands, to l oil back its bloody billows as they
sweep over the whole country, destroying it, and
to reconstruct their Union upon tho great prin-
ciples of compromise and of liberty upon which
Washington and his associates formed it. I sup-
pose to that position there can be no just excep-
tion.
But, Mr. President, I will go on. When the
Senator from Massachusetts took his seat he did
not intend to call up the measure then, he intended
to place me under arrest, to put me in a sort of
state of suspension like Mohammed's coffin, I sup-
pose, in the Senate, and when it suited his good
pleasure he would call up the matter for the con-
sideration and decision of the Senate. Jn the
mean time, I suppose, 1 was to be in a sort of " du-
rance vile." 1 piesume that no gentleman will
deny the position that any duianee that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts could establish over any
person whatever would be vile enough.
"Mr. Davis. Mr. President, tlieie-solimon of the Sen-
ator from Mat^achubetU jy^'fcenu, a garbled veisiun of my
resolution."
It did; a flagrantly garbled version of my reso-
lution.
"It does not intend, not i'^ it uo worded a* to embrace the
sense and inferences, that the Senatoi thaws fiom it; and
tliey aie not autlioiized by either its spirit or language."'
Here is the avowal, the interpretation of my
resolution which 1 made at the moment when it
was assailed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
'■ Sir, what did that honotable Senator admit within tlie
jasftwo years:1 He admitted tli.it when hid own State was
in a state o! lebHIion a^aiu-c tlie United States tie symna-
Uu/tni -with that lebelhon.
"Mi Wtr.soN'. Nn.vii.
"Mr. Davis. [ Hunk (tip Senator did.
"Mr. Wilsox. A'o, sn.
"Mr. Davis, t int.-n,. gated that Senator and his, col-
league in lemlioii to their con^c and Kvnip.ithie* ni ihe
11m us c-is.0 that occun edit) tt<Mon tome yeai> a<jo. 'The
palled jade winces' inv withei-? ar<Miu\vrum£} When
the geniU'iiMn «• peaks < i uca-on and di-!oyalt\ to hisMiov-
eijiinent, he s-peaks liom the recesses ot Ins own heat t, not
. ''lie pm« his own inteipicratiou on the lesoliman that I
onered. i hat resolution I abide by ; hut I den\ that itau-
thoiizes. I lie conclusion the Senator fiorn Massachusetts is
lot fitly living to deduce irom it; far liom it. It however
►tnkc* tho Synatoi on thii point: he K he; e an advocate
for the mtoriiMoncp of the militai v pow er at o!ect"-.>i-. to
deploy then lieodom. and to appoint to office by the bay-
onet instead of tlie fiee bufiuiges ol tlie people.
That outrageous and revolutionary and violent
sentiment the Senator had the ctudacity to avow
in this Chamber, in snbstancc,a few days before.
".Vow, my resolution—it^pmpoit. its imaninjr, it-spirit
—i^thnt the people shall me at the poll* nud take'thn
povvci of this Government and of tin* count) v, that pion-
cj .y belongs to them, their, at that constitutional foium,
into then own hands, hv peaceful convention: that th
people Worth and the people South shall both do it, and le-
purtiate their war leaders-leaden who desire a centum-
il'''" n*'1181®' a"d wil" aiu "I'l'osed to its
^aeeUtl settlement."
I want the war to close. I want it to close, as
I before said, by a vindication of the constitutional
laws and authorities of my country in every foot
ot our territory. If it can not closeexcept by war,
1 am for the continuance of the war to that final
result. But unspeakably I prefer that it should
