1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
SI 77
the floor upon the bill and expressed a desire to
deoate it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken if he supposes any one had the floor on this
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Kentucky
had the floor wh^n it was up before.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understand it to be so;and
he is sick and unable to be here.
Mr. SUMNER. The public business cannot
wait. A<?am arid again has this measure been
postponed in deference to the Senator from Ken-
tucky. He was aware when he went away this
afternoon that it would be pressed thisevening if 1
could get the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, That I understand.
Mr. SUMNER. And further, he had the good-
ness to announce to us yesterday the subject of
his speech, which was the second edition of a
speech on Massachusetts.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is not Massachusetts a very
good subject to make a speech about? All I
mean to say is, that I understand that when the
Senator from Kentucky was ad vised that an effort
would be made to-night to take up the hill he in-
tended to be here; but since he left the Senate
Chamber he has become so sick thathe cannot be
here. 1 have no particular desire io hear the Sen-
ator from Kentucky or the Senator from Massa-
chusetts debate this bill; I certainly have no de-
sire to debate it myself; but under all the circum-
stances I think the courtesy which we owe to
each other would rather require that the bill
should go over until the morning. It will not be
a negleet of the public business; there is plenty
of other business. I do not think the country
will suffer much if the act of 1793 js permitted
to remain on the statute-book. It will not be
operative; it is a mere matter of sentiment with
the honorable member from Massachusetts; the
bill tan luivr no practical effect m the world.
Mr. POWELL. In addition to what the Sen-
ator ft om Maryland has said, I will state to the
Senate that my colleague left the Chamber un-
well this evening, and ho requested me particu-
larly, if this biil should be called up (which he
hardly expected, supposing the night would be
occupied with the bills of the Senator from New
Hampshire) to inform the Senate that he was too
unwell to temain in the Chamber, that he desiied
to discuss the bill, and would be ready to pro-
ceed with the discussion to-moriow.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 26,
nays 12; as follows:
yft-V.S M>-sts. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
DiX on, Fc?-i'ii({pn, Toot. Fo>ter,Gi itno. Hale, Hat Ian, Har-
ris, HovvnuJ, Howe, La'ne ol IvUK-as, McDmijMil, Morgan,
Morti.l, Puiju'ioy, Uauwy, Slienium, Spiaguo, Sumtifi,
Ten i:\ok. W.ule, and Wil>on—2G.
NAV^—Mo-.-ii-. Buek.iktt, ('arlite, Cowan, Johnson, |
Lane of lnduum. t'wWfli, Itich<inlfq,n, RuMIe, Snult-bury,
Ti Van Winkle, and Willcy—1*2.
ABtf —Messis Ooijatner, Conness, Davie, Doolittlc,
Hauling, lI'.'tKloison, tiemlrietv*, Hicks, Nesimth, Wilkin-
son, atid Wiight—11.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. Tin-ie are some executive messages on
the table which I think should be referred.
Air. SUMNER. 1-hopc not. I hope theSen-
ate will vote on this bill. Let us settle it, and
then we can go into executive session.
Mr. POWELL. You cannot get a vote on it
to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us try.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 will say to tho Senator
who has the bill m charge that it is not possible
to take a vote on it to-night.
Mr. SUMNER and others. We will try.
Mr. HOWARD andMr. WADE. We can get
it by nioi ning.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It cannot bo done.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Tho question
is on the motion of the Senator fiom Indiana that
the Senate procced to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
A division was called for, and the ayes were 16
and the imcs 19
Mr. POWELL asked for the yeas and nays,
and they were mdered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 15, nays 29; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalcw,Cailile,Cowan. Foot, foster,
Giimes, Johnson, Lntie of Indiana. Powell, Richardson,
RiddUs^aulshiny. Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—13.
NAYS—Anthony, Drown, Chandler,Clark, Dix-
on, Pps^emlon, HaMan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Lane of
lOmsa*, MeDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Shennan, riprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilson
 22. <
ABSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Conness, Davis, Doolittle,
Hale, Haiding, Henderson, Hendricks, Hicks, Nesmith,
Wilkinson, and Wright—12.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed. .
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion, 8 ayes and 18 noes.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of order.
Is it not too late to call for the yeas and nays
after the result has been declared?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair was announcing the decision at the
time the yeas and nays were demanded. The
Chair would prefer taking the sense of the Senate
as to ordering the yeas and nays rather than re-
fuse to entertain the call.
The yeas and nays wcie ordered.
Mr. McDOCJGALL. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky whether he was instructed by his col-
league to ask for a postponement.
Sir. POWELL. I was requested to announce
that he was sick and unable to be here to-night,
but would be ready to proceed with the discus-
sion at any time after to-night. I have already
so stated to the Senate, but it affords me great
pleasure to restate it.
Mr. fylcDOUGALL. I did not understand it
before. I think thatstatementshould bcsufficient.
Mr. SAULSBURY. All we want is to give
the Senator from Kentucky an opportunity to be
heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Delaware to
postpone the bill indefinitely.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 25; as follows:
YCAS—Messis. Buckalew, Carlile, Cowan, Johnson,
iMeDougall, Powell, Richardson, Riddle, SauUbury, Van
Winkle, and Willcv—11.
NAYS—Mentis. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Fcs-
scmji'ii. Foot, Gumes, Male, llarian, Harris, How-
ard. Howe, Lane ol K.insub, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Slteitnan. ?pra«u<\ Sumner, Ten Eyck,Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson— 2o.
ABSEXT—Me*s rf. Anthony,Collamer, Conness, Davis,
Doolutle, Ilaidiug, ll"iidr*r nn, Hendricks, Uicks, Lane ot
Indiana, Ne&inilh, Wilkinson, and Wright—13.
So the motion was notugieed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the Sen-
ate now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the motion is debata-
ble to a limited extent, 1 desire to say a word. It
is manifest that a majority of the Senate desire
action upon this bill; it is right that they should
have it; the majority should control in all deliber-
ative bodies. "Tho session is drawing so near to
a close that unreasonable time ought not to be
wastod. If I supposed the debate on this bill
would not be prolonged merely for the purpose
of exhausting time unreasonably, I should un-
doubtedly vote to go into executive session for
the purpose of giving theSenator from Kentucky
a right to be heard at a time when hewillbeable
to be heie; but if we are to have a prolonged con-
test over this bill, and dilatory motions are to be
resorted to, we may as well have the contest to-
ni°"htas at any other time. If Senators who are
opposed to the bill,and who desire to vote against
| it, wiil say that that is not their purpose,butthat
| they simply desire to secure to the benator from
1 Kentucky the right to be heard to a reasonable
! extent, I shall voie with them to go into execu-
! tive session. If it is proposed to lencw thiscon-
I testatum by dilatory motions and the like at a
| future5 time after the Senator from Kentucky shall
! have been heard, we may as well have the con-
] test now. My vote, therefore, will .depend en-
j tirely on what Senators say about it. if they
' propose to resoit to these parliamentary tactics,
i these interminable propositionsfordelay,rneiely
! to defeat a vote upon a bill which the majouty
! have a right to pass, 1 am perfectly willing now
S to go into a contest of physical endurance; but if
| they simply wisk to secure (.lie right of discus-
I sion to au absent member, 1 will vote with them
I to go into executive session.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to say that so far
as my course to-night is concerned, 1 am gov-
erned entirely by the wishes of the Senator from
Kentucky, who desires an opportunity to be
heard on this subject. That is my sole reason
for my action so far.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Delaware, then, if after the Senator from Ken-
tucky shall have been heard he desires or in-
tends to resort to any dilatory motions.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not. I never
dreamed of such a thing.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 am one of those who voted
against taking up this bill,. I did so with some,
reluctance, but I did simply because I was
told by the friends of tne Senator from Kentucky
that he desired to be heard on this question, t
had no other purpose than to afford him an op-
portunity to be heard. I am not very well versed
in such matters; but I had supposed that when a
Senator of the age, ability, ana standing of the
Senator from Kentucky (however much I may
differ from him on many fundamental questions)
announced through a friend on this floor that he
desired to be heard, the ordinary courtesy of the
body would require that opportunity should be
allowed for that purpose.
I desire to say, however, that I am willing at
any time to have this question decided. I do not
want to be understood as interposing anything in
the way of a speedy decision upon it. The de-
cision has got to come. The majority of the Sen-
ate have a right to record their votes, and I do not
wish to be understood as interposing any factious
opposition to it. Of course 1 am opposed to the
bill on principle. There is nothing practical in
it at the present time. It is simply a matter of
sentiment, nothing more. If it is now under-
stood to be the sentiment of the majority of the
Senate, on the other side of the Chamber, that
they do not intend to let the Senator from Ken-
tucky be heard, but intend to press this bill to a
vote to-night, I suggest respectfully to those with
whom I have acted to submit at once and let that
result come now which must inevitably come
sooner or later. I do not wish to be understood
as standing here to detain the Senate, or contrib-
uting by my vote to detain it, from any factious
motives. I have been operated upon simply by
my sense of obligation and courtesy to the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, who, 1 understood
in good faith, had advised his friends on this floor
that he desired to address the Senate on this sub-
ject. Now, if a majority of the Senate say that
this matter is to be pressed to-night, 1 will yield at
once. 1 see no advantage in protracting a boot-
less contest.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think I can meet the Sen-
ators half way. I propose that we shall go on
to-night and perfect the bill, but suspend taking
the vote on its final passage in order to give the
Senator from Kentucky an opportunity of being
heard. It seems to me that is fair.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask the Sen-
ator how he proposes to perfect the bill. It is to
repeal the former laws.
Mr. SUMNER. That is all.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is perfect.
Mr. SUMNER. I regard it as perfect, but I
did not know but that the Senator from Mary-
land might have some proposition to offer which
might add to its completeness.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Kentucky
might wish to be heard on the amendment if one
be offereij.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill simply repeals all
laws for the rendition of fugitives.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the bill is perfect in
your opinion.
Mr. SUMNER. I regard it as perfect.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 thought the honorable
member proposed to be permitted first to perfect
the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I have nothing to propose to
it; but I asked that the Senate would proceed to-
night, take the bill out of committee, and pass it
through its stages, leaving the last stage not acted
upon m order to give the Senator from Kentucky
an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no objection to
that, I suppose.
Mr SUMNER. I presume there can be no
objection to it, and that will get us some way
toward the end.
