1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
close by the peaceable submission of those who
aie in rebellion to that authority.
aSii. I save them that counsel In the resolution com-
plained of; f gave them that counsel here, evei\'vvh<Mts.
The thought oi mutiny 01 disaffection in the Aimy wa< not
in my mind. Iluw is if with the Semijor? If 1 leeoilect
aright, he stated that hb sj mpathies weie with Bums in
the Massachusetts in-uiriechon.
"Mr. Wilson. Never.
"Mr. Davis. Wetc you against Ins rescue?
"Mr. Wilson. I had nothing to do with it.5'
Oh, what an innocent, unsophisticated, igno-
rant man!
"Mr. Wilson. I had nothing to do with it; and had no
knowledge ot it until alter it transphed. I was not in my
own tfuue at the tunc.
"Mr. JJavis. Did you ever condemn that insurrection ?
I)nl yon ever do anything to put it down—its spnit?
"Mi. Wilson. There was uo occasion; it was put down
quickly.'*
Millard Fillmore, one of the noblest, wisest,
and most patriotic Presidents that ever filled that
office since it was held by him tor whom it was
organized, Washington—he ordered the soldiers
and the marines from the neighboring forts and
naval stations, and some of the loyal men of Bos-
ton that belonged to uniformed companies com-
mitted the ciimeof volunteering their services on
behalf of theirGovernment, the authorities of the
(Jnited States, to uphold the law of Congress of
1850 against the Massachusetts insurrectionists,
against the Massachusetts rebels, and we will see
how they were treated presently.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken m
attributing that to Millard Fillmore; it was Frank-
lin Pierce.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg pardon. It matters not
who did the deed. 11 was a noble one, and I only
wish the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] could even approximate to the true loyalty
of such'deeds.
Air. SUMNER. I hope I never shall.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; and yet you advance
to that seat, (the seat of the President of the Sen-
ate,) and with that treason m your heart and upon
your hps you take the oath lo support the Con-
stitution of the United States.
<• Mr. D wis. Did you ever do or say anything to a^crt
the imthniiU of the laws and of the United ^taa:- in that
lnMuiection? Did \ou evei express any condemnation ot
it? No, Ml ) no.,}
None that 1 overheard of. I do not want to do
the Senator from Massachusetts injustice. If I am
wrongly informed m relation to his position and
Ins eomse in the attempt of Massachusetts to put
down the fugitive slave law by an armed rebellion,
and if 1 place him in a position in lelationto that
wicked transaction, for which the leaders oughtto
have been hun<>, which is unjust, I desire to be
eoirectrd. i want to do him justice, and to ab-
solve his skirts fi om the smell of treason, if it can
be truthfully done.
Well, now, Mr. President, although the Sena-
tor was alone when he drew up the indictment, I
presume that he had the precaution to take a dic-
tionary and place it in front of him and look out
for the meaning of words. He has often told us
that lie is no lawyer. That was the most super-
fluous declaration that over was made by man. I
suppose theie is no one that woold ever entertain
the remotest suspicion that he was a lawyei, or
ever had been or ever could be. Well, sir, I too
have taken up the dictionary,bull did not exam-
ine it when 1 drew up the resolution, and I nave
looked at the term "levolt." According to Web-
ptoi—lie is mighty good authority with the Semi-
toi, 1 suppose; he is with me, and 1 behove ho is
whctevei the English language is spoken or writ-
ten- -
'• Hovel i. To fall off; to tin n ft om one to another; to ro-
noii'ice allegiance and i-ubmi-^ion to one'1* pi nice oi tU.ite ;
to ifjeet the auihoritj ol one's boveieign.''5
The Senator has asovereign at the other end of
the avenue. 1 desire all men to fall off from him
and tui n to another. I want him to be repudi-
ated at the proper time and in the constitutional
mode, and by tiie proper authority. I want the
great sovereign people of America to meetat their
elections in November of this year, they who
made the Government and for whom the Govern-
ment was made, and if they heed my exhortation
they will fall from the Senator's sovereign and
support George B. McCiellau, not for the sover-
eignty. the constitutional presidency of the
Uniti.d States.
'•Toii'j. of the ruuhoutyof theirsoveieign. To change."
Next I looked to the word "leader," for I sup-
pose these ate the two offensive terms, the two
suspicious terms, of which a heated imagination
and a wicked henrt are seeking to infer so much
of mischief.
"Loader. One who leads or conducts, a comluctoj, a
chief, aeommandei, a captain. One who goes first. The
chiel or heads of a party or faction."
This last is the precise signification, "the chief
or heads of a party or faction." Will the Senator
confess to the " soft impeachment?" in this sense
is he not a leader? Does he not assume to be a
leader? Is it not his pride and his glory to be
thoughtaleader? And a war leader, too ! Every
war faction lias its leader. They are not in the
Army. Army officers are not factionists ; at least
they should not be. They ought to be devoted to
their Government and their country, the whole
people. 1 know some such true officers, and among
them was George B. McClellan and Genci alThom-
as. Sti, theappi opriate and particular signification
and import of the term " revolt" as used in these
resolutions js to fail off or turn from one to an-
othei; that is the whole of it; and how are tiiey
to turn off from one and support another? Not
by organizing armies, not by setting squadrons
in the field and joining battle, not by making war
against their country and their Government, not
by adding to the bloody ravages that are now so
cruelly desolating this broad land—no, no ; but
they are peacefully, constitutionally to fall off at
the polls fiom the men that are in power; and if the
war cannot be terminated peacefully in any other
wifac, to go into a constitutional convention and
theie settle the teims with these almost subjugated
people of the South whose land is now desolated
by rapine and blood enough to make a heart of
adamant itself weep, but never, never to reach
such u heait as that of the Senator fiom Massa-
chusetts. 1 want the war to cease in this mode.
1 would not only incur expulsion, but I would
incur the direst calamity tbathuman power could
indict upon me if by that sacrifice 1 could bring
this wai to such a close by a vindication of the
whole power and authowty of the Government,
and a icstoiation of peace, fraternity, and happi-
ness among this divided and distiacud people.
f >u t the Senator seems to have an image of war
floating m his imagination ail the time. 1 do not
think he is very critical or coirect in the study of
language. I do not think he understands it with
anything like accuracy. I think his imagination
and his heart are perverted. JEis desire for the
further effusion of blood and for further rapine
and desolation m this torn eountiy of ouis, and I
lus maddened, frenzn d desiie to bring slavery, '
against ihe Constitution and against the laws, to j
a violent close, so possesses him that he is wholly |
incapable of anything like a candid and accuiate |
definition and understanding of the phrases which 1
1 have ustd in these resolutions. j
It reminds mc of an incident that I read of that
occui red in the Peninsular wai. There was a very
spruce colonel that had one of the most tidy regi-
ments in the whole service under the Duke of j
Wellington. The cleanest clothes, the most pol- |
ished boots, and the highest burnished arms that j
were found m the whole army were displayed in
his regiment. On one occasion he had his regi- j
mcnt out in review before him. The Senator is j
a mihtasy man; he comprehends the meaning of |
these terms—1 believe it was on what was called i
"dress parade." In this regiment was a soldier j
that had been out the evening before—it was prob- ;
ably on Sunday 11101 ning—he had been frolicking, i
and he may have been to an ole-housc oi groggery
—they call them groggeries m the West—or some (
such place. His clothes were exceedingly muddy, ,
and his hands and his face very much soiled by j
dirt. The colonel was horror-sti uek when he saw i
such a man m such a plight in hisciacki < jriment for •
all tidiness. He called up an lush corporal._ Said I
he, " Corporal, take this man and lave him in the ■
Gaudiana." The irishman was bound to obey I
the order; he brought up his file of men, seized |
the offender, and mai ched him oil to the Gaudiana. !
With abntteauor skiffor some hghtcraff he took !
him out into the middle of the stream and emp- !
tied him into a pool that w*ts about thirty feet |
deep, and the fellow could not swim a single \
stroke. He left him: he went bock, but without
the soldier. Theastomshed colonel said, "What ]
have you done w if h the soldier'" (t Why," said i
he, " did not your honor order me to take him and >
to Zavehimin the Gaudiana? and by Saint Patrick
I have faithfullyexecutedyourorder." [Laugh-
ter.] I think the Senator from Massachusetts
labors under some confusion of language, and if he
could be laved in the Gaudiana, as that unfortunate
soldier was, it would be a good thing well done.
The Senator lives in glasshouses himself. He
made a speech here on-the 3d of February, 1858,
from which I will read an extract:
" I think there will soon be a general union in the North
as there is now m tiie South. We are fast coming to it,
and let me toll tiie Senators on the Administration side of
this Chamber that if they consummate, if they support,
whether they succeed or fail, the bringing of Kansas into
tne Union, with a Knowledge of those monsuous frauds
•-eatteied ovei the land, comprehended by the whole eoun-
tiy. they will do moie to mute all honest, liberty-loving.
God-fearing men in the North than has been accomplished
by any acl ever done by this Government. Your Kansas-
Nebraska polic\ of shiveied to at mis that gieat Whig
pait\ which had kittled sometimes Mtceessfuily for power
lh'ii■. under the !<'tul of some oi the must accomplished
Mate-men of the cunnny. Another party epiang up—the
Aniencan path . It pau-cd. lUalteied, and it went down
undei ihcgeneialjudgiiient of tiie people of the free States.5'
1 have undei stood that that Senator got surrep-
titiously into that party, but I do not know how
the fact is.
'•The Republican p.uty ro>e in one year from -afew thou-
sand men, and gave ntthcl.wt pi evidential election one mil-
lion thtee hundred and loity ihous-nnd votes. Iteamemucli
nearer than you wished to do taking eontiol of this Gov-
ernment, of this eonnliy. Go on, gentlemen of the slave-
lioldinsrttate-!, in youi avowed policy of slavery expansion
and slavery snpiemaey by loicmg Kansas into the Union
innlet the JiCeompton eon-hummi, again-t the known will
of f lie penplc ot that Tei rttory. and their earnest appeal*? to
\ our si'ii<e ol justice, liuth, and honor, and you vi/l arouse
the people ot the 2\<rt th, ah cadi) deeply incensed hy your pol-
icy, !>> th(! violence iiiul Uuud-? voui cioaiure* have perpe-
tialed in K.uwi-s."
Arouse them to what? Let the Senator speak
for himself.
'• To me <"/! the majesty of con^eioui ptjiver* thrust you sub-
snriatt allies j)o,n power, take the Gorei Mnenl, and ocer-
t/irow forever you and your policy. 1 tell you heie to-day
that your suppoit of tin* gigantic cm me against the liberties
ot ihe people o! Kansas is biingmgupon you the condemna-
tion of the country and the woild."
That was the language of the Senator. What
did he threaten? You go on in your career of
slaveiy piopagandism and you will unite the
whole pcoplt) of the North, and they will come
here to your capital, and they will thrust from
place the men who fill office. But 1 have given
the Senator's exact language; it is stronger than
mine.
There is the most distinct and emphatic threat
on the part of this constitutional and order-loving
Senator to arouse and anay his own party, the
united people of the Noith, to march here upon
the capital and thrust Buchanan and his Admin-
istration from office, take possession of the Gov-
ernment themselves, and forever annihilate the
party and the power tlmt then held possession of
the Government. And yet the Senator gets up
and moves my expulsion for having used in the
resolutions that have been read to the Senate
the teims that I have ahoady commented upon.
While I had the dictionary in my hand I looked
at the word "thrust," and 1 found that it means
" to push or drive with force; to diive, to fotce;
to impel." What, then, is the language of the
Senator? " You may vote for these measures and
pass them as laws according to the forms of the
Constitution; but if you do vote for them the con-
sequence will be that you will unite the whole
North against you, and they will become so in-
dignant, so outraged, so exasperated, that in a
body they will rise in the omnipotence of their
power and move upon the capital and thiustBu-
chanan, foicibly diive Buchanan and his Admin-
istration from the Government, and take posses-
sion of it themselves." And yet the Senator has
the audacity of himself, consulting with his own
mighty self and nobody else, to introduce a res-
olution to expel me for having used words not as
significant of violence and force and of a subver-
sion of the Constitution as he himself used m this
Chamber in the year 1858.
Mr. President, there is no tiuer advocate for
this war than I am; but to carry on the war suc-
cessfully on our part I wdl never consent to offer
up the Constitution and the liberties of my coun-
try as the sacrifice. Theie is no need for it. If
Millard Fillmoie had been President, with his
statesmanship we should have had far different
results. He was an anti-slavery man when he
was elevated to the Presidency. I had the happi-
ness to serve four years with him in Congress.
