2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
matter out of my mind that it could be repealed;
nor did I suppose it would be out of any Sena-
tor's mind.
In the next place, as to the second clause of the
amendment, how much paper money the Secretary
will have occasion to issue to these banks for circu-
lation, and how soon, I do not ktfow; but this I
know: the limitation inserted in the bill is that it
shall notexceed $300,000,000, and I know there are
not §100,000,000yet caHed for; and I believe not
more than half of it. Therefore there will be no
occasion for him to be distressed about keeping his
accounts. The whole account to be kept under this
amendment would be the simplest thing in the
world. He is authorized to issue such an amount
clearly and plainly by the law. He has already
issued such an amount, which is all kept an account
of. What is sent out to these associations is record-
ed in the Treasury. He knows exactly what is
sent out. Therefore he says," If 1 have issued to
them $1,000,000 of circulation the amount 1 am
authorized to issue in greenbacks is $1,000,000
less." That is all there is of it. Theie is no em-
barrassment about it. It is perfectly simple and
perfectly easy.
Mr. President, I do not like to have the con-
clusion drawn which will probably be drawn
from the record we have made by (he vote on the
last amendment. It will be understood that we
do not want any gold in these banks at all. We
voted against their keeping any. In the next
'place, if this amendment is rejected, it will be un-
derstood that we do not want to have the people
understand that there is not to be a bottomless pit
of this issue. We do not want to give any inti-
mation to the community that there is to be some
limit somewhere to the amount of paper issues. I
think we had better not do that, i think we had
better adopt this amendment. I think it will have
some healing effect. I ask for the yeas and nays
upor* it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 17; as follows:
YF.Ay—Huekalew, Oollamei, Cowan, Davis*,
})oeh!Jlti, Fool, Fo-tcr. Hale, flcnil'-i-oit. Johnson, Powell,
Riehru d -.on, Ti umhull, and Wille\--1 !.
N AYS—Mc-sj^. (.'haiidh'i, Cl.uk, Conner, Dixon, I'Vs-
•nCikIcji, Howard, Lane of Kaiwi-', I'omeroj , Ram-
m'\, Sln'unan, J-MUiiiK*!, Ten J'l}ek, Van WjiiKlt , W.Kir,
YVi!l<m=on. and Wilson—17.
ABiSlOiVT—Missis. Anthony, Brown. Oarlile, Grunt's
Hanium, Harlan, Ham*, Hendricks, Hick**, Ilowc, Law4 of
Indiana, McPou^all, Mouiil, Nosmuh, Riddle, Sautabury,
iSpia^uivuid Wught.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have one more amend-
ment to offer. 1 believe it to be the genera! im-
pression that the amount of the capital of these
banks is not to exceed £300,000,000; but there is
no such limitation as that contained in the bill.
Indeed, there is not any limitation in it, unless it
may be found in this: the bill contains a provis-
ion that one third of the capital of all the banks
organized under it shall be United States stocks,
and it provides that the amount of money, that is
bills, winch may be delivered to tin1 in for issue shall
notexceed $300,000,000. Butthat us no limitation
upon the amount forwhieh banks maybe organ-
ized. 1'nnks may be organr/ed under this bill at
any rate to three times the amount of money that
is isswd. One third of their capital is ivquu "d
to be in the bonds of the United States on which
they procure these notes. Then with ' ,30(!,000,000
which they can receive in paper they could make
on that limitation 100,000,000 of bank capital
under this bill as it stands now. Even if they
take then bonds to the TieaMiry and take up the
currency for their bonds to t ! o amount that is au-
thorized to be given them, $300,000,000, they still
could have a banking capital three times that
amount,at least,because they are not required to
take a third of their capital in bonds at all. There-
fore you may say in effect there is no limitation
to it. I desire to limit the amount of capital in
the banks thai may be organized under tlus bill,
and for that purpose 1 move to amend the bill m
section twenty-two, line two, after the word " is-
.sued,35 by inserting the words " or the amount
of capital stock of the associations organized;"
so that it will read:
TbM the eritue amount- of notes Tor en dilation t<> be i- -
s-Hf.i oi il;!' .'idiomnt of capital stock of the association-, or-
gatn/iou u;.du tin1: a el -itall not exceed £3<X),OUU,(JOO.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 should like to know what
difference it makes whether the banks have $300,-
000,000 or $3,000,000,000. They cannot issue
any bills on them. It is the circulating medium
that we wish to limit. 1 f they had $2,000,000,000
in our bonds and used them for banking capital,
1 should think we should be the gainers by it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think otherwise.^
Mr. CHANDLER. I can see no occasion for
that limitation, and I hope the amendment will
not be agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER, (to Mr. Sherman.) Have
you any objection to it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
from Michigan that I have not the slightest ob-
jection to this amendment, for this reason: the
only object of organizing a corporation under this
law except in the large cities would be to obtain
the circulation, and therefore the limitation on
the circulation is substantially a limitation on the
capital. I look upon them as equivalent. But
to meet the point made by the Se.nator, I have no
objection to limiting it to $300,000,000. I do not
think that sum will be exceeded.
Mr. CHANDLER. Neitherdo I; butitlooks
to me like a useless and needless limitation.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes nineteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to insert in
the twenty-seventh line of the thirty-first section,
after the word "Albany" the word "Leaven-
worth." There is no point west of the Missouri
river and cast of the Rocky mountains named,
and I am very desirous to have such a point
named in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to resist
this amendment except to give fair notice to the
Senator from Kansas that m my opinion he is
mistaken if he thinks it will be a privilege prized
by the banks in Leavenworth to redeem in the
city of New York at one fifth of one per cent,
premium. That will be the effect of his amend-
ment, while if Leavenworth is left out of this sec-
tion they will be lequired to redeem at St. Louis
at par. I wish him to understand simply the
fact. If he is willing to take it, very well.
Mr. LANE, of Kiinsas. We wantsome point
wheio we e.ui get diafts on New Yoik. Our
business is with New York. Leavenworth is a
center of trade as much as New York is. The
business of New Mexico, the business of Colo-
rado is done there, and 1 want our people to have
the power of getting eastern exchange. 1 hope
the Senate will grant it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish now to call up the
amendment i otfeied yesterday, in order to have
it disposed of. The amendment lies on our table
and is printed. 1 wish to modify it by striking
out " one fifth" and inserting " one quarter."
The PRESIDENT jno tempore. The amend-
ment will be read as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
ytiikc out fiom hues 0110, two, lhu;e, tynr, and five, of
section thirty-two. the following woul*: "That each asso-
ciation shall select, subject to the appiovid of the C'omp-
trollct of the <Jurrenej, an association in eithei of tin: cities
named m the piecodnii? action at which U will redeem its
eiienlatin^ notes at par," and insert m lieu thereof:
That each association organi/.ed m any ot the cities
iiaim d in the foie«oin<r section shall select, .--abject to tho
appiovai ot the (>mi|itro))ei of the Cimeiiey, an associa-
tion in the eny ot New \ oik at which u will ledeem jt*
eitciilating note-;, ar a lare ot exchange tos all elites west
of the Allejrhany mountain-? not exceeding one qnaitei of
one per cent., "and hir all ones east ot the Alleghany
mountains at pat. And each of such associations may
keep thiec filth.-, of its law till mow} icscivc in cash de-
posits in the city of New Votk. And each a^oeialton
not oiyaiuzed within the eitics named in the pieeedim,' sec-
tion shall select, subject to i he appiov.il ot the romptioljer
of tin; Cui leney, an association m either of (ho eiti"< named
m the piecednnj section at which it \\ ill ledeem its encu-
latmg note-* at par.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN". If that amendment is to
be considered as adhered to, 1 shall wish to strike
out the city of Portland, which is named as one
of the points of ledemption in the piecedmg sec-
tion. 1 move, therefoie, to strike out44 Poitiand,
Maine," from the list of places of iedemption in
the thiity-fusf section, itcannot be very advan-
tageous to them to redeem m New York.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. The Senator
from Maine moves to amend the lull in section
thirty-one. line twenty-seven, afVr the word
" Boston," by sinking out 4"Portland, Maine."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 desire to move an amend-
ment, that" Providence, Rhode Island," may be
insetted in the twenty-eighth line of the thiity-
first section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. In section ten of this bill I
notice provisions for the election of directors, but
1 find no provision in it which is in almost all
bills regulating banks in the States, that in case
the directors fail to fix a meeting for that purpose
the stockholders may. There are cases that the
committee canimaginecertainly where the direct-
ors may be obnoxious to the stockholders, and
yet by obtaining possession of the original organ-
ization of these banks they may, under this pro-
vision, continue. 1 would therefore submit to the
consideration of the committee the propriety of
inserting this proviso at the end of section ten:
Provided, That if the duectors fail to fix the day as afore-
said, the shareholders representing two thirds of the shares
may.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit to the Senator that
that is already provided for. In lines thirteen,
fourteen, fifteen, sixteen,andseventeen,are these
words: " If from any cause an election of direct-
ors shall not be made at the time appointed," in
the law, which is the first Monday of January,
in case no other time'is specified, "the associa-
tion shall not for that cause be dissolved, but an
election may be held on any subsequent day,
thirty days' notice thereof in all cases having been
given in a newspaper published in the city, town,
or county in which the association is located,"
1 think that covers the case.
Mr. SPRAGUE. But the directors are to ap-
point the meeting; suppose they fail to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN, if the case is not provided
for, I have no objection to the amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is not provided for as I
u nderstand.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. In section nineteen of this
bill, which provides for the transfer of botids by
the hanking associations to the Treasurer, there
irt no provision made that the associations are to
receive anything for the bonds they transfer. In
our economical, frugal business transactions, se-
curities are very seldom transferred to any party,
the Tieasurer of the United States or any other
party, unless the bank or its officers have some-
thing to show on paper for the transaction. I
submit an amendment in section nineteen after
the word " association" m line twelve, to insert
"a receipt therefor to be given to said associa-
tion."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the twenty-
first section by inserting after the word "value"
in the seventh line the words " in gold or silver
coin." And also in the tenth line after the word
"thereof" " m gold or silver com;" so as to
make the section read:
That upon the transfer and delivery of bonds to the
Trea*-uici, as piovulcd in the loictfonm; section, the asso-
ciation waking the f-umo shah he entitled to receive liom
ij the <Joni[>tio!k'r of the C'urtcncy euoulaiiii£ notes of dil-
|! feient denomination1, nt blank, registered and comiter-
[] si'Mied as lieieinattor provided, equal in amount to ninety
ji per cent, ot the current market value in cold oi silver com
'! of tlu; United States bond-; bo Uaiisfcued ami delivered,
j! hur not exceeding ninety per cent, of the amount of taid
j'.bonds at the par vnlue thereof, in gold or salver com, if
i: hearing interest at a late not fe?s than five per cent, per
11 annum.
ij The object of the amendmentthat I propose is
;! to lessen the issues of these banks and to secure
■! the bill-holders. Under this section of the bill if
; any association deposit bonds of the United .States
I lequired by the act with the Comptroller of the
|i Currency, he is required to issue to them bank
!| bills of vaiious denominations to the amount of
ninety per cent, of the par value of those bonds.
! The par value of the bonds, according to the mean-
'! ing of the section as it now stands, is their value
;! in greenbacks, "lawful money of the United
:j States," as it is called. I desire that, they shall
i; not issue more than ninety per cent, of the value
|| of the bonds in gold and silver coin; that is, that
!| the value of the bonds shall be measured by gold
\ \ and silver coin instead of by the greenbacks
1 j There is another section ot this bill that rf quires
each one of these banking associations to keep
1 twenty-five per cent, of their issues on hand in
I "lawful money of the United States," that is,
,i greenback money. When they retain thatamount
I of money, there is no sufficient security for the bill-
