1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
amendment only authorizes an appropriation of I the pawnee of this net shall he at the rate of twenty dollais
money to enable the wives of side and wounded 111011111 Jor private soldiers,
soldiers in the service to visit them in cages where
the wives and friends are unable to do so.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no law authorizing
such persons to visit sick and wounded soldiers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, as there is no law authorizing the
appropriation of money for such a purpose.
Mr. HARDING, 1 move to amend by adding
the following proviso.
Provided, That no pan of the money herein appropriated
shall be applied or used for the purpose of raising, aiming,
equipping, or paying negro soldiers, and that ail negro sol-
diers now in the Army shall he difcbanded and discharged
from the service.
Mr. STEVENS. It is too near dark, I sug-
gest, to bring in the negro now. I raise the point
of order that the latter part of it repeals the ex-
isting law, and U therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order so far as the latter part of the amend-
ment is concerned.
Mr. HARDING. I modify the amendment by
omitting the latter clause.
Mr. STEVENS. I think now it ought to be
adopted, so that we can have a vote by yeas and
nays on it in the House.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to amend by insert-
ing on page 3, after line fofty, the following:
And that the same bo paid in gold or its equivalent:
Provided, That the ie)ativ«; value of any paper etmcucy
tendered shall he ascertained by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and his certificate shall be coneluMve evidence thereof,
if dated thirty days before payment is made.
Mr. STEVENS. That is going back in the
bill, and I object.
The CITAiRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. Clauses in appropriation bills are
regarded the same as sections in other hills, and
the clause to which the amendment is proposed
has been passed.
Mr. DAWSON. I must say I cannot under-
stand the principle upon which the amendmentis
ruled out. of older.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from tlu- decision?
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir; but. I would be glad
to have the Chair hear what I have to say.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order.
Mr. DAWSON. Upon what principle r
The CHAIRMAN. That paragraphs in ap-
propriation bills are legarded as sections are in
other bills, and we have passed the clause the gen-
tleman pioposes to amend.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I offer it as an amend-
ment to come in at the end of the hill.
Mr. STEVENS. Another point of order:
either the law now allows us to pay i;ohliers m
gold, or the amendment creates a new law. This
latter would not be in order.
Mr. DAWSON. In answer I would say that
the proseni law does not specify the kind of money
that shall he paid.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the amendment cre-
ates a law providing payment in a cciUun way.
Mr, DAWSON. Certainly.
riu> CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAWSON. Does the Chair deride that it
js not nj order, for the reason that it presetibes a
particular mode in which-soldiers shall be paid5 i
I he CHAIRMAN. Because it pioposes to
make a new law.
Mr. DAWSON, I appeal from the decision
of tlu- Chair; and upon that question I have the
right to b   heard. It does} not change the exist-
ing law. The law fixing the compensation of s l-
diri s does not prescube the currency in which
they shall be paid. Gold and silver are the only
legal ciu r-Miey known to the Constitution.
Mr. STEVENS. If 1 understand the gentle-
man, these is no (aw now for 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in oider.
The question is, " Shall the decision of the Chan-
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the deeis'on of the Chair was sustained
Mr. DAWSON. 1 move to amend by adding
at use end of the bill the following:
Jln'l provided jurlhcr, That the fir;-t payment made after
an, liOii£\e.ir, Mar
Miller, Mnothead,
eon.nd Myei\n,Noi-
Mr. STEVENS. I make a pomtof order. His
amendment amounts to nothing,and he is offering
frivolous amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment proposes to
change an existing law.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair,Mr. WiLSONreported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration bill of the House No.
Ip8, making appropriation for the support of the
Army for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865,
and liad directed him to report the same to the
House with sundry amendments, in which he was
instructed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union were agreed
to, with the exception of the following:
Provided, That ik) part of the money he toby appropriated
i hnll he applied oi used for the purpose of raising, arming,
equipping, or pajhig negiu M>hliei«>.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; nnd it svas decided in
the negative—yeas 18, nays 81; as follows:
YKA S—Me^si«.. Anemia, Dawson, Damson, Rhhjilge,
Muidint,', 1 hitiumicni. niMij.uruu G Hani1-, I.on^, jMaJJojy.i.
Marry, Wilham H. -Milin, Motri.oti, Samuel J. Randall,
Janir* S. Rollins, Rons, Stile". Stuait, and Waibworth—IK
IV \VH—Mots. Alley, Atii-on, .Ames, Andeisoti, Ash-
ley. Ihulj, Ausie«lu.s(,\ Bald win, John 1). I.aldw in, Ba.xtei,
Beatnan, Blaine, Htinv, BoiuwelL IhanJe^iv, jlionmall,
Anilnom* Ur. Oaik, Cobb, Cole, </'ieN\\eJl, Hmrv Winter
Davif-. Thomar; T. DaviN, !>a\v> Dcniner, l)i nrsrs, DumotU,
Hliot, Kenton, Fiank, Gaifiehl, </oeeh. Hale, Ihshy,
Hooper, llotehkiNN. John 11, iiubhaid, .nilun, Kawni, Kel-
le\ , Fiaiit n  \Y K< ll.>^, k< i nan, t
vm, iMe!hul'\ Met'uiu', S.i',inel
Mm rs 11, Dan n I Mm i in Aiim-
ton, • )(h II. ('h.u irs <) \cill < n ill, I'auei.-on, IVi ham. Pike
i'onni'A, I'riee, K.ulloiii, Alexander II Rwe, John II.
Iviee. SrlH nek, Sroiield, Shannon. Spaldm?, Hian, Strb-
hiii-. steviin, *!*hn\ei. Ti.'cj, IJp-on. Van Valkenhinuh,
Whalev, Wheelei. Wilhaur, Wilder, Wil>on, Wnulom,
and Wintield--bl.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill wa.s then oidered to be engrossed and
read a thud time, and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly lead the third time, nnd passed.
Mi STEVKNS moved to reconsider lhe vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN DEV11101)AT1 ONS IN DAKOTA.
Mr. JAYNE, by unanimous consent and in
puK-umnce of previous notice, introduced a bill
making an nppropnation to reimburse the Terri-
tory of Dakota for expenses incurred during the
Indian wars of It>6~; which was read a first and
seeond time by Us tule, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Way-' and Means.
i-IMVK OV AUSKNCK FOR A MEMRER.
Mr. COBB. 1 nsdc leave <>f absence for my col-
league, Mr. McIndoe, lot two weeks fiom to-
day.
There being no objection, leave of absence was
gin n ted.
OREGON INDIANS.
Mr. McBHIDE 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the Ilouhp to take fi om (he Speakei's table Sen-
ate bill No. 25, to authorize the President to nego-
tiate treaties with the Klamath and Modoc Indian
tribes in southeastern Oregon.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will not object to the bill
heme taken up, but 1 presume the gentleman dot**
not ask action upon it at this late hour of the
evening.
Mr. LIOLMAN. It seems fo me such a bill
as that ought to go to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. 1 must object.
Mr STEVENS. Will not the bill come up
m the morning?
The SPEAKER. It will not, in its present
position. A motion to suspend the lules would
bring it up next Monday; or, if it be taken up
now, it will come up to-morrow as unfinished
b usiness
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to its
being taken up then, but I cannot permit it to
come up to-night when there is nobody here.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my objec-
tion to the taking up of the bill, with the under-
standing that no action will be asked upon it this
evening.
The bill was then taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time by its title.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
twenty minutes after four o'clock, p. m„) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 22, 1864.
Praycrby the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
Mr. HARRIS presented eight petitions of cit-
izens of New York, praying for increased rail-
road facilities between the cities of New York
and Philadelphia; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of one hundred
nnd seventeen members of the New York Legis-
lature, and a memorial of Erastus Corning and
others, of the State of New York, remonstrating
against the extension of the patent of Charles
Goodyear for the manufacture of vulcanized In-
dia lubber; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota m favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from St. Chailos, in
Winona county, by way of Saratoga and Troy,
to Preston, in Fillmore county; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Itoruls, nnd ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota in favor of an increase of the
Army and Navy pensions; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to he
printed.
Mr. CLARK presented memorials of the Prov-
idence and Newpoit railroad, of the Boston and
Ptovidence raihoad,aiul of the Concord arid Clare-
mont railroad, icmonstrating against the exten-
sion of the patent to Charles Goodyear for the
manufactuie of vulcanized India rubber; which
were irfened to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
Mr. HEN DERSON pi evented a memorial of the
Legislature of Missouri, remonstrating against
an mriease of the tax on tobacco; winch was re-
ferred to the Committee onFinance, and ordered
to be pi inted.
Mr. GRIMES. I present a remonstrance of the
City Council;* of the city of Washington against
the passage of an act now penning before the Sen-
ate providing for a registration of voters in the
District. I move that it lie on the table, as the
I fill was made the special order for Thursday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, piaymg that a bounty may be granted
to Benjamin F. SpalToid, a private in company
F, twenty-fifth regiment Iowa volunteers, who
was discharged from the set vice in consequence
of injuues received while acting as guard on the
steamboat Stephen Decatur at St.'Louis, Mis-
souii; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BROWN. 1 desire to present the pream-
ble and resolutions adopted by the Union Mer-
chants' Exchange of St. Louis, praying for in-
creased facilities tor transportation to market of
all articlvs of such a nature as cannot bear the
high iates of railroad transportation. Theyuige
the construction of a ship canal aiound the upper
and lower rapids of the Mississippi river as a
mensme of national impoi tanee, and also thefur-
ther improvement of the Illinois and Michigan
canal, nnd the construction of slack-water muta-
tion on the Illinois river, and the constructmirof
a ship canal around the falls of Niagara, and the
improvement of the New York canals, as matters
of great interest and military importance. I ask
