180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
I was on terms of familiar friendship with him,
and 1 know the depth and the truth of his feelings
and his sentiments against slavery. But, sir,
when he was elevated to that august office of
President he rose to the elevated plane of true,
broad, comprehensive, and constitutional states-
manship. He gave the country one of the truest,
wisest, noblest, and most successful administra-
tions of the Government that it has ever had. If
it had been his fortune to be reelected to the Pres-
idency we should never have had this great war.
If he had been in the presidential chair at the be-
ginning of this unfortunate rebellion, a few months
of his wise, patriotic, able, and constitutional
administration of the Government would have
created a Union party in the seceded States much
larger than the rebels, and would have long since
brought them back to the fold of the Union and
the Constitution.
God, however, ordered it otherwise, no doubt
wisely, in His inscrutable providence. Wehave
nothing to do but to bow submissively and rev-
erentially to the fiat.
But the war came. I understand that a regi-
ment was organized in the city of Boston who did
the Senator the honor to name him as the colonel.
He very promptly sported his regimentals and
displayed an eagle upon each shoulder. He had
himself belted to a sword about as long as the
Spartan son desired from his mother, and with
that maiden blade all unfleshed, he moved to the
park on a certain occasion to hear a congratula-
tory address from one of the finest orators and
truest men and gentlemen in that city. He heard
an eloquent address and received the salutations
of all Boston, and from there he moved to this
capital to cross the river and to carry conquest
and slaughter into the rebel camp. When the
Senator came here i understand he was called colo-
nel, he bore the insignia of colonel, but whether he
had dubbed hi mselfcolonel or was a"su re enough "
colonel, as the children say, I believe history has
not yet written. I understand that a brigade band
was culled out to welcome the coming hero to this
city, preliminary to his marching across the Poto-
mac, and in martial strains as the warlike h« ro ap-
proached, they played 44 Hail to th<* chief;" clear
the way! "Dalhousie,greatgodof war,"is going to
battle and to victory. He went across the river and
was in the neighborhood of the first battle of Bull
Run; I do not know whether he was in that battle
or not, but i suppose that at a very convenient
and safe distance behind the icar lines he took 1ns
position upon some lofty eminence to overlook
the battle-field. The battle commenced, and soon
unfortunately ended in the rout and defeat and
confusion ofourgalleinttroops,who had boon pre-
maturely urged, before they were prepared for the
conflict, 44 on to Richmond." The discomfited
hosts began their flight, and as wave succeeded
wave toward this city, foremost among the fly-
ing, I have been informed, was the Senator from
Massachusetts. I am told he did run like "a
white head."
-sTheie was a brave and a gallant man on that field
who has had four sons in the Army, one of whom
fell m that disastrous fight mortally wounded.
The father saw the flying hero all the way from
Boston making tracks as hard as lie could move
toward Washington city, and stopped him and
besought him to go with him to have his bleed-
ing and dying and gallant son brought off. The
reply was, <f No, sir; no, sir; this is a time when
every man must take care of himself," and he
went on like a streak of lightning. Whether he
crossed the Long Bridge, oi got into a boat, or
swam the majestic Potomac, J am not informed.
At any rate he made a safe return to Washing-
ton, and that demonstration of the hero satisfied
him that he was not altogether a fit man for the
battle-field, and somehow or other he doffed his
regimentals and his commission.
When I was a boy, Mr. President, there used
to be, as there always is, a quarrel between town
boys and country boys. It always has been so,
and I believe always wiil be so. On some elec-
tion occasion,-or other public day, the country
boys had rallied in great force in my native town,
expressly to whip the town hoys, and we were
summoning all of our boys for the struggle. We [
made out our list, called the roll, and one well- |
grown boy came up and said, " Boys, you must !
excuse meonthisoccusion." " Why " Why," I
said he, "I am too fat to fight." The {Senator \
from Massachusetts was not too fat to fight, but
he had a much worse infirmity.
Mr. Clay was a man of general genius, and a
patriot, and a statesman above all praise. In the
dark hour of 1812, when our commerce was about
to be swept from the ocean by British orders in
council, and Berlin "and Milan decrees, that un-
equaled orator and patriot rallied the heart of his
country, then in a state of infancy, to strike for
the freedom of the seas and for free trade and sail-
ors' rights. Mr. Madison proposed to make him
a general, to place him high in command, a major
general in the field, and I have 4no doubt a few
months' experience would have made him an offi-
cer and a commander of the very firstability; but
his friends,and the friends of the country, besought
him,told him that his presence and hisservicesand
his inspiring eloquence were more advantageous
and necessary to his country in the House of Rep-
resentatives, m the council, than in the field, and
exhorted him to continue in that position. 1 sup-
pose that the Senator from Massachusetts had also
his friends who beset him and who told him that his
services here in the Senate as leader, as overseer,
were more useful than they would be in the field.
I have seen negroes upon sugar plantations and
cotton plantations that were foremen. They were
called drivers. These gentlemen persuaded the
Senator that he would be much more efficacious
and valuableasdriver of the Senate than he would
be as commander in the field, and I reckon he was
the most easily persuaded man that ever was beset
with argument or importunities.
The Senator can scarcely get up withoutthrow-
ing some reproach at my State, or some reproach
at the disloyalty of thatState, or some other State.
He is constantly at it. Ought not a man who is
thus flaunting on all occasions the disloyalty of
others, and his own devotion to his Government
and to the Union and the Constitution, to be iike
Czesar's wife, above suspicion ? We all recollect
the Burns case and the insurrection in Massa-
chusetts. I hold a volume of the laws of that
State in my hand. At page 278 there is 44 An act
to protect the rights and liberties ofthe people of
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, "passed in
1855, but before I read that, I will read a few sec-
tions of the fugitive slav6 law, passed by Congress
in 1850:
That law in its first two or three sections pro-
vided for the appointment of commissioners to
authorize the arrest and reclamation of fugitive
slaves upon certain conditions, upon the pursuit
of the owner or his agent, and to be taken back
to the State from whence they escaped. I will
read some of its sections:
"Sec. 4. Jlndbe it farther cnactcd, That the commission-
ers! above named shall have concurrent jurisdiction with
the judges ofthe circuit and district courts of the United
States, in their respective circuits and districts within the
several States, and the judges of the superior courts of the
To ritories, several)} and collectively, in term-time and va-
cation ; and shall giant certificate* to such claimants, upon
satisfactory proof being: made, with authmityto take and
remove such fugitives Irom seivice oi labor, under the re-
strictions herein contained, to the Stat'' or Territory fiom
which such persons may have escaped or fled.
44 Skc. 5. Jlnd be it farther enactcd, That it «diall be the
duty of'all marshals and deputy marshals to obey and execute
ail wariantsand prccepts is>ued under the provisions ofthis
act, when to tiiem directed; and should any marshal or
deputy marshal refuse to receive such wan ant or other
process when tendered, or to iw all pioper means diligently
to execute the same, he shall, on conviction theicof, be
fined in the sum of $1,000, to the use of such claimant, on
the motion of such claimant, by the circuit oi district court
tor the district ot such marshal; and aftei the ai rest of such
fugitive by Mich marshal or Ins deputy, or while at any
time in hi* custody, under the provision^ of this act, should
such fugitive efceapo, whether with or without the absent of
such marshal or lus deputy, Mich mashal shall be liable, on
his otficial bond, to be prosecuted for the benefit of such
claimant,-lor the full value ot the set vice or laboi of said
fugitive in the State, Territory, or district whence he es-
caped; and jhc better to enable the said commissioners,
when thus appointed, to execute their duties faithfully and
efficiently, in conformity with the requuements ot the Con -
stitution ofthe United States and of tins act, they are here-
by authorized and empowered, within their counties re-
spectively, to appoint, in wilting undei their hund->, any
one or more suitable persons, fiom time to time, to execute
all such warrants and other process as maybe issued by
them m the lawful perfoimance ot their respective duties,
with authority to such commissioners, or the persons to be
appointed by them.toexecute process as afoiesaid, to sum-
mon and call to their aid the bystanders oi posse cotuUatus
of the piopci count} when necessity to insure a faith-
Iul ohseiv.mce of the clause of the 1,'nnitituti'm icfcried
to, m conformity with the provisions of tins act; and all
good eitiz- us aie heieby commanded to aid and assist m
the pjumpt and efficient execution of tins low whenever
tneu service* may lie required, as aforesaid, for that pur-
pose ; and said vvanants sliaH mn and be executed by said
officers anywhere in the State within which they are is-
sued.
"Sec. 6. Jlndbc it further enactcd, That when a person
held to seivice or labor in any State or Territory of the Uni-
ted States has heretoi'oie or *hall hereafter escape into an-
other State or Territory ofthe United States, the person or
persona to whonrsucji service oi Jabormay be due, or his,
her, or their attorney duly authorized by power in writing
acknowledged and certified 'inder the seal of some legal offi-
cer or couit of the State or Territory in which the same
may be executed, may pursue and lcclaim such fugitive per-
son, either by procuring a warrant from some one of the
courts, judges, or commissioners aforesaid, of the proper
circuit, district, or county for the apprehension of such fu-
gitive from service or labor, or by seizing and arresting such
fugitive where the same can be done without process, and
by taking or causing such person to be taken forthwith
betore such court, judge, or commissioner, whose duty it
shall be to hoar and determine the case of such claimant
in a summary manner"—
Not by a jury trial—■
"and upon satisfactory proof being made, by deposition or
affidavit in wiiting, to be taken and certified by such couit,
judge, or commissioner, or by other satisfactory testimony
duly taken and certified by some court, magistrate, justice
of the peace, or other legal officer authorized to administer
an oath and take depositions under the laws of the State
orTerritoiy from which such person owing service or la-
bor may have escaped, with a certificate of such magistracy
or other authority a* afoiesaid, with the seal of the proper
court or officer theieto attached, which seal ^liail be suffi-
cient to establish the competency of the ptoof, and with
proof, also by affidavit, of the identity of the person whose
service or labor K claimed to he due as aforesaid, that the
person so ariosted docs in fact owe service or labor to the
person or persons claiming him or her, in the State or Ter-
ritory from which such fugitive may luWe escaped as afore-
said, and that said person escaped, to make out and deliver
to such claimants, his or her agent or attorney, a certificate
setting i'oith the substantial facts as to the seivice or labor
due from such fugitive to the claimant, and of his or her es-
cape from the State or Territory in which he or she was
ariested, with authority to such claimant or his or her
agent or attorney to u*e such reasonable force and restraint
as may be necessary under the ciicumstances of the case
to take and remove such fugitive person back to the State
or Teiritory whence he or she may have escaped as afore-
said. In no tiial or hearing under this act shall the testi-
mony of such alleged fugitive be admitted in evidence ; and
the certificates in this and the fourth section mentioned
shall be conclusive of the right of the person or persons in
whose favor granted, to lemove such lugitive to the State
or Territory from which ho escaped, and shall prevent all
molestation of such person or persons by any process issued
by any court, judge, magistiatc, or otiier person whomso-
ever.
" Sec. 7. Jtnd be it further cnacte<T, That any person who
shall knowingly and willingly obstruct, hinder, or prevent
such claimant, his agent ot attorney, or any person or per-
sons lawfully assisting him, her, or them, from arresting
such a fugitive fioni service or labor, either with or without
process as aforesaid, or shall ie-cue, or attempt to icseue,
such fugitive fiom seivice or labor, fioni the custody of
such claimants, his or her agent or attorney, or other per-
son or persons lawfully assisting as aforesaid, when so ar-
iest< d, pursuant to the authority herein given anddeclared;
or shall aid, abet, or assist such person so owing service or
labor as afoiesaid, directly or indirectly, to escape fiom Mich
claimant, his agent or attorney, or other pci&on or persons
legally authorized as aforesaid; or shall haiboror conceal
such fugitive, so as to prevent the discovery and aire-t of
such person, aftemottce or knowledge of the fact that such
pi'i^on was a lugitive fiom service. oi labor as aloresaid,
shall, for either of naid offenses', be subject to a fine not ex-
ceeding $1,000 and iinpnsonmcntnotexceedingsix months,
by indictment and conviction before the district court of
the United States for the district in which such offense may
have been committed, or before the proper court of criminal
jurisdiction, if committed within any one of the oiganizcd
Territories of the United States; and shall moreover t'oifeit
and pay, by way of civil damages to the party injured by
such illegal conduct, the sum ot",'$1,000 for each fugitive so
lo-t as aforesaid, to be recovered by action ot debt, in any
of the district or temton.il eouifs aforesaid, within whoso
jurisdiction the «=aid offense may have been committed.
•' Sec. ]0. Jlnd he it further enacted, That when any per-
son held to seivice or labor m any State or Territory, or m
the Distuct ot Columbia, shall escape thcrcfiom, the paity
to whom such service oi labor shall be due, his, bet, or
then ng« nt or attorney, may apply to any couit of iccoid
therein, or judge thcieof m vacation, and make satisfactory
pioof to such com t, or judire in vacation, of the escape
aioiesaid, and that the person escaping owed seivice or la-
bor to Mich party. Wheietipon tin- court shall causca lec-
oid to be made ot the matters so proved, and <il->o a geneial
desenption ofthe pet son so escaping, with such convenient
ceitaintyas maybe; and a tiansciipf of such record,au-
thenticated by the attestation ofthe clerk ot the teal of the
said court, being pioduccd in any other Srate, Teiritory, or
District in which the person so escaping maybe found, and
being exhibited to any judge, commissioner, or oilier officer
authorized bj the law ot the United States tocauso persons
escaping fiom seivice oi labor to be delivered up, shall be
held and taken to be full and conclusive evidence of the
fact of escape, and that the scrviee or labor of the person
escaping i3 due to the paity in such record mentioned."
Well, now, Mr-President, here was a careful
and a well-arranged law passed by the Congress
of the United States to enable the owners of fugi-
tive slaves to rescue them from other States. I
have the decision ofthe Supreme Court rendered
by Judge Story, and accorded to by every judge
upon that bene!), <:stablishmg this position, that
under the Constitution and laws of Congresst
wherever a slave escapes from one State to an-
