THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have made no dila-
tory motion. I have moved to go into execu-
tive session because I thought it was important
to do so in order to refer some executive mes-
eages. I am perfectly ready to vote on this or
any other measure precisely when it comes up;
but I believe itmoreimportantto refer those mes-
sages than to waste the night in an idl&jliscus-
_sion about this bill when we can get no vote.
The question being put, there were, on a di-
vision—37 ayes and 17 noes.*
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 16, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Cowan, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Pow-
ell, Richardson, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull,
and Van Winkle—16. *
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Dixon, Fessenden", Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe,
Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wiliey, and Wilson
—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Conness, Davis, Doolittle,
Harding, Henderson, Hendricks, Hicks, Nesmilh, Wilkin-
son, and Wright—11.
So the Senate refused to go into executive ses-
sion.
Mr. POWELL. I move that this bill be post-
poned until the first Monday of December next.
The question being put, a division was called
for by Mr. Powell.
Mr. HOWARD. In order to save time, I call
for the yeas and nays. [Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall not vote for the pres-
ent motion, because, in the fiist place, it is appar-
ently a mere dilatory motion, one that cannot be
carried; it keeps us here without accomplishing
any purpose; and secondly, because, as I under-
stood the Senator from Massachusetts, he is per-
fectly willing, as far as he is concerned, that the
bill shall be to-night putin such a situation as to
he called up in the morning, and that then there
ehall be a vote upon it. If a majority of the Sen-
ate are in favor of the passage of the bill, as far
as I am concerned I recognize their right to pass
it, and I shall interpose, by no vote of mine, any
obstacle merely for the purpose of delaying the
action of the Senate. 1 have been governed in
what I have done heretofore this evening on this
subject by what I supposed to be due in courtesy
to the Senator from Kentucky. I hope my friend
from Kentucky, who is here, will withdraw his
motion and let the course suggested by the friends
of the bill be taken; that is to say, that the bill
be placed in ar situation to be voted upon finally
to-morrow, so as to give the colleague of my
friend from Kentucky, who is here, an opportu-
nity to be heard.
Mr. POWELL. I think it probable that my
colleague may want to move some amendments
to the bill. If the bill be put to the third reading
now, the opportunity of offering amendments
will be cut off. I know there is a controversy
as to whether the law of 1793 shall stand,
Mr. JOHNSON. That will be open.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposes to let it go through every stage
but its final passage. To that, of course, I can-
not consent. The truth is that I wish to teach
the Senator from Massachusetts what courtesy is.
Mr. SUMNER. I think I shall not learn much
from the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. I have go idea that you will.
You have too much to learn.
Mr. RIDDLE. I see that there is no prospcct
of doing anything to-night, and I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 12, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS —Mes&ia. Buckaiew, Carlile, Cowan, Lane of
Indiana, Powell, Richardson, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wiliey—12.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Hale, Harlan, Howard, liowe,
Johnson, Lany of Kansas, McDougall, Moigan, Morrill,
Ramsey, Spiagne, Sumner, Ten E>ck, Wade, and Wil-
son—22,
ACSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Conness, Davis, Doolft-
*le, Pouter, Gnmes, Harding, Harris, Henderson, Hen-
ihicks, ilicks, Ncsmith, Pomeroy, Wilkinson, and Wright
—15.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tacky, to postpone the further consideration of
the bill till the first Monday of December next.
Mr. JOHNSON Before that vote is taken, 1
desire to say that I think my friend from Ken-
tucky is mistaken as to what will be the situation
of the bill if the course suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts be adopted by the Senate.
The bill is now before us as in Com'mittee of the
Whole, and all that he proposes, as 1 understand
him, is that it shall be reported to the Senate, and
there stop for the night. To-morrow morning,
in the Senate, the bill will be open to amend-
ment.
Mr. POWELL. That was not the proposi-
tion which the Senator from Massachusetts made
to me. He wanted to push the bill through all
the readings to its final passage. That I declined.
I am perfectly willing to let the bill be reported
to the Senate, and then adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, then, we are
agreed. The proposition I made to the Senator
from Kentucky was as he states, i did hope to
carry the bill to its last stage to-night; but as the
Senator intimates that possibly hiscolleague may
wish to move amendments, i do not desire to
carry it to a stage that shall preclude amendment,
but I do wish to carry it as far as I can to-night.
Therefore I accept the suggestion of the Senator
from Maryland.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts had made that proposition before, I
should have accepted it; but he did not make it,
and 
Several Senators. He makes it now.
Mr. POWELL. Very well; 1 accept it. I
withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
can be withdrawn only by unanimous consent,
the yeas and nays having been ordered. The
Chair hears no objection. The motion to post-
pone is withdrawn. The bill is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have an amendment to
offer.
Several Senators. Offer it to-morrow in the
Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well; I would just
as lief do it to-morrow.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose there is no
further business to-night. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion to let us have an executive session
to refer some documents?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I move an executivesession.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 22, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Feriiie.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
Mr. JULIAN asked unanimous consent to re-
port back from the Committee on Public Lands
a bill (S. No. 109) to expedite the settlement of
titles to land in the State of California.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the bill
be read.
The bill was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
very long and a very important bill, and it may
be a very proper one. If so, I do not wish to
interfere with its passage, and it may be proper
to pass it at tins session. I propose to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that the bill shall be consid-
ered as reported, and that it be printed and recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands with
liberty to repoit it back at any time after it is
printed. With the gentleman's permission I will
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agieed to:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House adjourn their
respective Houses for the present ot&sion on Thursday the
30th of June, at twelve o'clock, m.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, to whom were referred the memorial and
accompanying documents of Charles W. Cctrri-
gan, contesting the seat of M. Russell Thayer,
made a report, accompanied by the following res-
olutions:
Resolved, That Charles W. Carrigan is not entitled to a
seat in this House as Representative in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress ft om the fifth congressional district in Pennsyl-
vania.
Resolved, That M. Russell Thayer is entitled to a seat
in this House as Representative in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress from the filth congressional district in Pennsylvania.
The report and resolutions were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
REPRESENTATION OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to whom were referred the credentials of certain
gentlemen claiming to be Representatives from
the State of Arkansas, have instructed me to re-
port a joint resolution which 1 ask may be read,
and if m the opinion of the Chair it is a question
of privilege, I will call it up at some future day;
if not a question of privilege, I shall ask to have
its consideration assigned fursome particular time.
The joint resolutions was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be appointed by tiio President,
by and with the consent of the Senate, a commission con-
sisting of three persons, residents of Static not involved
in the present rebellion, whose duty it shall be during tho
recess of the pie^ent Congress to visit those States declared
by the proclamation of the President to have been in le-
belhon, and which have already taken or may beiore the
next session of the present Congress take uie.isun n to es-
tablish or reorganize State governments, and after careful
examination and hearing testimony report to the Ptesident
for the information of Congress at as early a day in the
next session as possible all .-uch evidence a?, they may be
able to obtain upon the question, whether the loyal people
in any such States havesticceeded in reestablishing a State
government, to what extent Mich State government irpre-
sents and has the support of the loyal people in such Statf,
and what is the ability of such people therein to maintain
the same against domestic violence.
Resolved further, That until Congress s!hi11 be satisfied
upon evidence submitted to them that the rebellion has so
far been suppressed in any such State that there has been
established therein a State government, republican in
form, and prohibiting the 'ixistence of jd.ivm*} m the same,
and so firmly established as to be able to maintain itself
against domestic violence, representation from any such
State ought not to be admitted into either branch of Con-
gress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is in doubt as to
whether this is a question of privilege. Various
questions of privilege have been decided as such
by the House, which are stated in pages 145 and
146 of the Digest. There are no precedents for
this case of course, for no similar questions have
aiisen before. If the gentleman from Massachu-
setts desires it, the Chair will submit the ques-
tion to the House whether it shall be entertained
as a matter of privilege.
Mr. DAWES. I will state that I do not de-
sire to consider the joint resolution at this time.
[ merely wished to know whether this was to be
considered as a question of privilege. ]f not, I
wish to fix a day for its consideration.
.The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that in his judgment it is not a question of
privilege.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I object to the reso-
lution being entertained, and to any remarks be-
ing made upon it by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it maybe
submitted to the House whether it will be enter-
tained as a question of privilege. The Digest
says that" when a proposition is submitted which
relates to the privileges of the House it is his
duty [the Speaker's] to entertain itat least to the
extent of submitting the question to the House
as to whether or not it presents a question of
privilege."
Mr. DAWES. I suppose theie can be no ques-
tion but what the Committee of Elections have
the right to make the report a question of piivi-
lege. It touches the right of certain gentlemen
to their seats here, and it only involves a mode
adopted by the Committee of Elections to secure
the taking of testimony which will enable them
more intelligently to determine upon the ques-
