1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
181
othci, the owner or his agent authorized by parol
may pursue the slave into any State in the Uni-
ted States, and reclaim him wherever he can do
it without a breach of the peace. I have four or
five decisions of Judge McLean to the same effect.
I may append them to these remarks, and proba-
bly will. I may read them before I get through
if I am not too much exhausted.
But then comes the State of Massachusetts,
after Burns had been rescued first from the mar-
shal and the authorities of the United States, and
in the rescue a man in the service of the Govern-
ment was slain by the insurgents. When that
rebellion was put down by a patriotic President,
who regarded his oath, the obligation which the
laws and the Constitution imposed upon him,
Massachusetts, this pestilent and rebellious State
of Massachusetts, passes an elaborate law spe-
cially to neutralize and defeat this fugitive slave
law. In 1787, when the present Constitution was
in its ciadle, she signalized and gave promise of
her future history by her action at that time in
Shay's rebellion. In the war of 1812 she was
covered all over with treason. Her executive,
her legislative departments, her municipal officers,
her population, or the great mass of it, sympa-
thized with England, and held out blue lights to
guide her ships into the ports lying along that
rocky coast. Governor Strong issued his proc-
lamation that the militia of Massachusetts should
not be moved out of the State when they were
ordered to Plattsbur^. I may be mistaken 
Mr. COLLAMER. Not the Massachusetts
militia.
Mr. DAVIS. It may have been Governor
Chittenden, of Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. Governor Chittenden
made that order.
Mr. DAVIS. At any rate Governor Strong
protested against the war. I stand corrected by
the Senator.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely corrccted the
Senator in leference to the battle of Plattsburg, I
believe the Governor of Massachusetts did refuse
to allow the militia to go out of the State at all,
but not as to Plattsburg.
Mr. DAVIS. That is my recollection. They
were not ordered to Plattsburg, but he issued a
proclamation to that effect generally. When the
gallant Lawrence fell upon the bloody deck of the
Chesapeake, and his remains were brought into
Salem, one of the officers of Massachusetts issued
his prohibition to some municipal authorities from
taking pait in his funeral. Sir, you had your Es-
sex Junto; you had your Hartford Convention;
you had a proposition that the thirteen ougmal
colonies should make peace of themselves and by
themselves in that State. There was not a day
in the prosecution of that war that there was not
a great and atrocious demonstration of treason
in Massachusetts. That war was declared and
waged by the United States, as I said before, to
vindicate free trade and sailors' lights,the rights
of Massachusetts shippers and seamen and mer-
chants upon the highway of nations, and this
was rightfully waged; ana yet here is that State
sympathizing with and giving aid and comfort
to the enemy, denouncing and vilifying its'own
(Government, doing everything it could do to de-
feat its war measures, and giving all the assist-
ance it could, short of participating in the contcst,
to the Btuish.
Sir, 1 was opposed to the Kansas and Nebraska
bill. I was against the Lecompton constitution.
I denounced those measures. 1 was opposed to
the Mexican war, the annexation of Texas, by
the mode in which it was effected. Where would
the Senator have been if he had occupied my local
position I cannot say. At the time of the annex-
ation of Texas the honorable Vice President of
theUnited States and myselfwere members of the
House of Representatives, and of the same com-
mittee. We were m the committee-room one
morning investigating the contested election of
Jones and Botts, from the Richmond (Vnginia)
district. The Vice President, then a member of that
committee, come in, and some gentleman asked him
how Maine stood upon the subject of the annexa-
tion of Texas, and the honorable Vice President ;j
answeied," She is against Has square as a bnck." ij
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poor in '|
the chair.) The Chair feels obliged to remind r
the Senator from Kentucky Uu\t~puso uil allu- !
felons to the Vice President of the United States, h
the regular stated occupant of this chair, are not
in order, founded upon the reason that his posi-
tion does not give him the privilege of reply.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg the Vice President's par-
don, and I beg the pardon of the Chair, and of
the Senate, and I shall trespass so no more. Such
a rule as that is certainly proper, and I submit to
it promptly and cheerfully, and I hope to be ex-
cused by the Vice President.
Mr. HENDRICKS. IftheSenatorfrom Ken-
tucky would prefer to close his argument to-mor-
row, I will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I am obliged to the Senator; but
I have not much more to say, and would rather
conclude this evening.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator prefers to
conclude his argument now, I will not make the
motion; but I thought he was somewhat fatigued.
Mr. DAVIS. I stand corrected by the Chair,
and for Us courtesy and gentlemanly manner of
making the correction I return to the Chair my
most sincere thanks.
But I was about to say a word in relation to the
annexation of Texas. If 1 recollect aright<*~I am
not certain—the present occupant of the chair
was then in the other House, and voted against
the joint resolution of annexation. I did,°and I
spoke against it. What did Massachusetts do?
Her Legislature got together and passed a resolu-
tion that the annexation of Texas amounted to a
dissolution of the Union, and that she had aright
to secede. That was it, in substance. I do not
recollect it precisely. If that is not accurate, 1
should like to be coi reeled. The Lord knows I
do not want to make any groundless charge against
Massachusetts. She has greatly more now than
she can ever account for in this woild. [Laugh-
ter.] J do not intend to raise any false clamor
against her; but she certainly passed a resolution
of that purport.
While I am up I desire to refer to a little mat-
ter in reference to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] i have lately
seen a notice of the report of a gentleman from
Glasgow, Scotland, who was in our country pro-
pagating abolitionism, and he happened to meet
witii the Senator from Massachusetts. I have
seen the publication in the newspapers. They
were discoursing, I suppose, on the prospect of
the utter annihilation of slavery i,n the United
States. The honorable Senator is represented to
have expressed the belief that the success of our
armies was too rapid and too decided at present
for the final and thorough abolition of slavery.
We do not know what to believe and what not
to believe in these times; but I cannot hear any-
thing of that kind of the honorable gentleman that
I do not give my hearty belief to, without, per-
haps, having authority for so doing. He is rep-
resented as having said that if the tide of success
continued it would bring our people to a disposi-
tion to make too early a peace. The inference is
that peace may bo made so precipitately that it
will leave some remnants of slavery in the south-
ern States; that he did not wish our success to be
so mpid or so decisive; that he desired that our
armies should meet with a few reverses; that the
war might be protracted in order that the final
destruction of slavery might become the more
certain.
Mr. SUMNER. It is an entire misapprehen-
sion. J never said any such thing.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very much gratified to hear
the Senator disclaim it. I accept his disclaimer.
It isso seldom that he hasan opportunity to make
any about a matter of that kind that it affmds me
infinite pieasuie that he has it now. [Laughter.]
I understand, however, that both the honorable
Senator^ from Massachusetts were advocates of
the law to defeat the fugitive slave law of 1850, and
1 will read some of us ptovisions. It is entitled,
"An act to protect the rights and liberties of the
people of the Common wealth of Massachusetts."
The second section is in these words:
uThc meanmgof the one hundred and eleventh chapter
of tlie Revised Statutes is, hereby declaied to be that eveiy
pel ?on imprit-oned ot rostiamed of his liberty is entitled",
a*, ot tight and of course, to the wiit o (habeas coipus. ex-
cept in the ca^es mentioned in the second section of that
chapter."
That law was made for the negro. Now the case
of the white man comes up, and how is it? You, 1;
gentlemen, were ydvocates fo  a law that gave the \]
writ of I'rf'cas corpvs to the fugitive slave who fj
was pursued into Massachusetts, according to the
provisions of the act of 1850, and reclaimed in
strict conformity to it, which act denied to him
the writ of habeas corpus by saying his caseshould
be summarily examined after a particular man*
ner, and if he was found upon the proof then
furnished, in conformity to that law, to be a fu-
gitive slave, he should be immediately handed
over to his owner, or to his agent, and be taken
out of the State. These gentlemen are deep and
noisy in their sympathy with the negro; eo much
so that they sustain a law to negative, to practi-
cally repeal a law of Congress which every judge
of every United States court,district and associate,
of the Supreme Court, has declared to be consti-
tutional. It was made in conformity to an ex-
press provision of the Constitution, and that
provision was adopted by the members of the
Convention that framed it by a unanimous vote.
There was not a dissenting vote in that Conven-
tion to the provision in relation to the reclamation
of fugitive slaves. The first law on that subject
was passed in 1793. It was approved of by Wash-
ington. It was executed in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, as decided in the case of Prigg vs. The
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, against a posi-
tive law of that State. It has been sustained by
the whole judicial force, circuit and district, of
the United States. It was executed in Boston by
President Franklin Pierce; and I do not believe
it would bo executed now by the present incum-
bent even if the country were at peace. I had
not expected so much from President Pierce; but
it merely proves how much better a Democratic
President is than the incumbent now in office.
Notwithstanding these high sanctions of this law,
the State of Massachusetts passed a law right in
the teeth of all the provisions of this act of Con-
gress of 1850 that negatives and neutralizes every
provision of that law:
•'Sec. 4. The supreme judicial court, or any justice of
said court before* whom the writ of habeas corpus shall be
made returnable, shall, on the application of any parly to
the proceeding, order a trial by jury as to any facts staled
in the return of the officer, or as to any facts alleged* if it
Bhall appear by the return of the officer or otherwise that
the person, whose restraint or imprisonment ism question,
is claimed to be held to service ot labor In another State,
and to have escaped from such service or labor, and may
admit said person to bail in a sum not exceeding §2,000.
In such ease issue maybe joined by a general denial of the
fact-5 alleged, the pica may be not guilty, and the jury shall
have the right to return a general verdict, find the sanie
discretion as juries have in the trial of criminal eases; and
the finding of a verdict of not guilty shall be final and con-
clusive.
iC Sec. 5. The couit or justice before whom the writ of
habcat cor put is returnable, shall, unless a jury isalready in
attendance, by warrant, command the sbenft of the county,
or his deputy, to summon a jury in the manner provided m
the twenty-fourth chapter of the Revised Statutes, to at-
tend at the time and place stated nt the wairaut, at which
time and place they shall bo impanneled, and, having
elected a foreman by ballot,the issucso framed shall be put
to them for their determination. In case one jury shall dis-
agree, the issue may be submitted totheother jury,or con-
tinued to the next term, at the discretion of the com t. And
in every case of disagreement another jury mav be sum-
moned and qualified as above provided, loithwUh oi at a
future day, m the discretion of the court or justice hetore
whom the writ is leiurned, until a verdict shall finally be
tendered upon the issue. If any person summoned as a
juror as aforesaid shall fail to attend without sufficient
cause, he shall pay a fmeol fifty dollars. And if, by leason
of challenges or otherwise, tltere shall not be a lull jury of
Ihe persons summoned, the officer attending the hearing
t-hall return some suitable person or persons to supply the
deficiency.
"Sec. 6. If any claimant shall appear to demand the cus-
tody or possession of the person foi whoso benefit said writ
is sued out, such claimant t-hall state in wilting the facts
on winch he relies with precision and certainty; ami neither
the claimant of the alleged fugitive, noi am pet un inter-
ested in hi-> alleged obligation to service or"labor, nor the
alleged fugitive, shall be permitted to testify at the trial of
the i^sue; and no confessions, admissions, or declarations
of the alleged fugitive against himself shall be given m evi-
dence. Upon every question of fart involved in the issue
the burden oi proof shall be on the claimant, and the facts
alleged and necessary to be established must be pioved bv
the testimony oi at lea«.t two credible witnesses, or other
legal evidence equivalent thereto, and by the rules of evi-
dence known and secured by the common law ; and no cx
vnrte deposition or affidavit shall be received m proof in
behalf of the claimant, and no presumption shall atise in
favor of the claimant from any proof that the alleged fugi-
tive or nny of his ancestor had been actually ifeld as a
siave, without proof that Mich holding was legal.
" d ec-7. If any per-on shall remove trom the limits of this
Commonwealth, or shail aw-t in removing therefrom, or
shall come into the Commonwealth with the intention of
removingoi of assisting in the removing thereirom. orshalf
procure ot assist m ptoeurtng to be so removed, any person,
being in the peace theieoi, who is not ' held to seivice or
Ubot' by the 1 party5 making • elaim,' or who lm> not 'es-
caped5 tioin the { party' making t claim.-' or whose ♦ service
or labor' is notk due' to the ' p<uty> making 1 claim,' within
the meaning of those word;? in the Constitution of the Uni-
