1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2203
holder for this reason: the bond is now at about
foity-five per cent, discount. Take, then, the
twenty-five per cent of greenbacks required to be
kept on hand, and the ten per cent, value of the
bond in excess of the issues of the bank, and it
would make thirty-five per cent. You will ob-
serve at once that the bill-holder is not sufficiently
protected or secured. The whole value of the
bond and the value of the percent, in greenbacks
required to be kept on hand would not redeem
the notes issued in coin or in its equivalent. It
is certainly manifestly unjust to the bill-holder
to allow any system of banking that would not
require the bank to keep values for the puipose
of redemption at feast equal to the issues. That
this bill does not do. But if you require them
to issue within ninety pec cent, of the value of
the bond, when measured by the gold standard,
the bond will always be sufficient to meet the bills
that are issued. It is not my purpose to make
any long speech on the subject, but if you desire
the bill-holders to be protected by this banking
law, you must adopt such an amendment. The
object is to restrict the issues to a point that will
protect the bill-holders. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—lYTecsis. Tlncknlew, Oarlilp, Cowan, Davis, Hen-
derson, Lam; of Kansas, l5owell,Richaidso , Riddle, Sauls-
bmy, ami Tnimbiill—11.
NAYS—Motors. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doo-
little, Fes<enden, Foot, Gaines, Hale, Howe, Morgan,
Sherman, Sptaguc, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—17.
AH SUNT—Messrs. ttrown, Chandler, Oomiess, Foster,
Hauling, Ilatian, Hani?, Hendricks, llick<, Howard,
Johnson, Lane ot Indiana, McUougal!, Mouill, NeMiiith,
Pomoroy, Ramsey, Ton Uyek, Van Winkle, Willoy, and
Wright.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. In the thirty-first section,
third line, I move to strike out the words "law-
ful money of the United Slates" and insert " gold
or silver coin;" so that the clause will read:
That every association in the cities hereinafter named
shall, at all times, have on hand, m gold or silver coin, an
amount oqmfl to at least twenty-live per cent, of the ag-
gregate amount of its notes in circulation and its deposits,
&c.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I move, in the sixth and sev-
enth lines of the same section, to strike out the
words <{ lawful money of the United States" and
insert " gold or silver coin."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. In the forty-first section, line
twenty-one, I move to strike out the words "in
lieu of all other taxes."
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit that is not in
order. This is an amendment to an amendment
already amended and adopted; it is an amendment
of the committee alieady adopted, and it is not
now amendable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio is righ^ The amendment is not in or-
der, thatamendment having been adoptedin those
words. The proper time would have been to move
to amend it before the amendment was concurred
in.
Mr. COWAN. I move to amend the bill in
the fiftieth section in the eighth line after the word
" collect," by inserting:
An amount fioin each shareholder erjtial to the amount
of stock held by such stockhoklci niMich association, and.
So that the clause will read:
That on becoming satisfied, as >pccilied in this act, that
am a^oeuuion has ieHi-ed to pay u> circulating nuii;,-
tlx'ieni mentioned, ami i- mdetault, the Comptroller of the
Cunetioy mav totthwith appoint a leceivei .and lecjiure ol
him such bond and flinty a- he -hail deem piopej, who,
undo} the direction ot ihe Comptroller Mull take po.-ses
sion <>t the book-., records, and jismjLs ol every deseiiption
of Mich association, collect an amount fin m cacn jdiare-
holdei equal 10 tlie amount ol stock held liy <-ueh sto« k-
hoUh'i in -ucii a-—oeiation, and ;ill debts, dues, and clami-«
belonging to "-neli uvociation, &e.
I will meiely remark that this is to add a still
further security to the remedial provisions of the
bill. It is provided in the twelfth section that
The shareholder of each association formed under Ihe
piovisions of this act, and of each existing bank or banking
association that m.i\ accept the provisions ol thi« act. shall
beheld individually ie*pon*ibie, equally and laiably, and
not one for anothei. foi all contiact*, debt?, and engage-
ments of mcii a^ociariou to the extent of the anu.uui of
th<  r -tock theici!! at tin* par value thereof, m addition to
the amount invented in Mich shares.
From that it will appear that cach shareholder
is liable not only for the amount of stock which
he has invested in the association, bi^t in case of
its failuie or insolvency he is liable furan amount
equal to that stock, over and above the original
investment; but there is no adequate provision in
my opinion by which that liability could be avail-
able as assets in case the association became in-
solvent; and in order to remedy that, I propose
to insert that the receiver who shall be appointed
by the Comptroller when the bank fails, among
other things shall be authorized to collect from
each shareholder an amount equal to the stock
held by him in the association, and that tliat
amount when so collected shall go into and be-
come part of the assets of the association for the
payment of its creditors. I think there can be
no objection to that. It furnishesa remedy which
perhaps the creditor would not otherwise have.
Mr.SHERMAN. Thelanguageoftheamend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania does not
conform to the exceptions made in the bill as to
individual liability; butl submitto him an amend-
ment which 1 think will accomplish his object,
and 1 desire to see it accomplished. If what I
have drawn up is satisfactory to him, I hope he
will acccpt it as a substitute for his amendment.
Theie are exceptions and qualifications of the
individual liability in section twelve, which would
not be covered by his amendment. I move this
amendment to come in at line thirteen, section
fifty,after the word "direct:"
And may. if necessary to pay the debts of .such associa-
tion, enfoice the individual liability of the stockholder pro-
vided foi bj the twelfth section ot this act.
Mr. COWAN. I am fearful that will not ac-
complish what I design, because it leaves the
difficulty precisely where we find it, and that is
as to how shall this individual liability be en-
forced.
Mr. SHERMAN. By suit.
Mr. COWAN. If by suit, what shall be re-
covered ? It will be observed that the shareholder
is bound to pay to the amount of the stock he has
subscribed, m addition to that stock, butequably
and ratably,.and not one for another. He is not
surety for his fellows; he is only to pay his share
of the loss. Unless the receiver shall have au-
thority to collect this, it will be almost utterly
impossible fur the crcditois of the association to
achieve anything out of that remedy, and I de-
sire by my amendment to give the receiver au-
thority to collect upon the individual responsi-
bility obligation of the shareholder al the same
time that he commences to collect the other part
of the assets of the bank, and in that way he will
have them all together. If the institution turns
out to be solvent, of course the shareholder will
get his money back. If it turns out that only a
portion of the money will be roquiied to meet the
liability, he will get the residue back. But if
there is anybody to have the advantage'of it, the
creditor will have the advantage, and ihe creditor
ought to have the advantage, because the default
is on the part of the stockholder and the institu-
tion of which he is a shareholder. Hut to say
that the receiver shall go on and collect all other
debts and dues belonging to the association, and
then distribute them, and afterwards proceed
against the stockholders upon the individual lia-
bility clause, is, to my mind, tofritter away the
remedy so as to make it worthless.
1 hope the Senate will adopt the amendment I
have proposed, which is fair, and which is but
just to the creditor. These creditors should have
a remedy, and they should have it directly and
without any delay whatever. This debt which
is due from the stockholder oil his individual re-
sponsihility obligation is just as much a part of
the assets of the association as that stock which
is paid in, jnd-it ought to be as promptly forthcom-
ing to meet claims against the association as that
which is paid in, and 1 therefore hope that the
receiver will have authority, the moment he is ap-
pointed, to go on and collect it. If it is needed,
it will be there ready for the creditor; if it is not
needed, the shareholder will get it back again
when the association wound up. *
Mr. SHERMAN. The smtement of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania shows that he either mis-
conceives the provision of the bill or-wishes to
make this proceeding unreasonably harsh. Phis
indn ulual liability is a contingent liability to make
good all deficiencies, if any occur, in thepayment
of the debts of the association. Under hisamend-
ment it will be the duty of the receiver first of
all to collect from the stockholders an ^mount
equivalent to their stock, instead of proceeding to
collect the assets of the association and the debts
due to it. It may happen that when those debts
and assets are collected there will- be ample to
pay all demands. That may be appareht on tHe
face of the statement of the bank at the'timc of its
failure. There would then be no necessity for
making a collection from the stockholders. But
the Senator says that if the money is collected it
can be refunded to the stockholders when it is
found not to be needed. That is a roundabout
and unreasonable way of enforcing an individual
liability.
The amendment I offer will give the receiver,
whenever he ascertains that it is necessary to en-
force this individual liability, the right to enforce
it by suit. It seems to me, therefore, that the
amendment I propose will carry out the purpose
of the bill, to enable the receiver at any time,
whenever it becomes necessary, to enforce the in-
dividual liability; and in case it is not necessary,
if the other assets are ^sufficient, he will not en-
force this contingent liability, which is intended
as an ultimate security of the creditors of the
bank.
Mr. JOHNSON. The provision in question is
to be found in a great many charters; but never
heretofore, in any instance that i am aware of, has
>t been held that the personal liability of the stock-
holder is to be enforced until it is ascertained that
the assets of the bank or association are not suf-
ficient to meet the demands upon it. In other
words, the responsibility of the stockholder for
the amount of his stock, or, as is sometimes the
case, the absolute responsibility of the stock-
holder for the amount of the debt,*is a responsi-
bility contingent upon the failure of the assets of
the bank or the association to meet the demands
upon it, and is never enforced until that fact is
ascertained, and it is done by a bill in chancery.
The proposition of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania would subject tjjese stockholders to
a suit at once, and each man may be compelled
and will be compelled to pay, according to his
amendment, an amount equal to the amount of
the par value ofh is stock, and that will be enforced
by suit, and it may turn outin the end that there
was no necessity to bring suit. The only secur-
ity to the bill-holder or the creditors of the bank
that the amendment offered by the member from
Pennsylvania will give is the chance that the
stockholders are more able to pay at once than
they will be able to pay after the actual suffi-
ciency or insufficiency of the assets of the bank
shall have been ascertained. It appears to me,
however, rather an unnecessary hardship on the
stockholders, and without really giving any ad-
ditional substantial security to the creditors.
Mr. COWAN. With all deference I differ as
to the character of the liability. It is said to be
a contingent liability, and only to be resorted to
in the event that the other assets of the bank are
not sufficient to meet the claims upon it. I think on
the other hand thatitisa direct liability, and that
the amount involved in it is as much liable to the
payment of the claims of the just creditors of the
bank as any other portion of the assets of that
bknk. But if we suppose for one moment that
all other debts and dues and assets of the bank
are collected and distributed to and among the
creditors, then I should like to know what this
individual liability clause is worth in the shape
in which it stands here? The stockholder is not
a surety for his costockholder; he is only bound
equably and ratably for his proportion. How
could it be enforced by even a bill in chancery?
How many judgments would there be against him ?
What would be the amount of these several judg-
ments? Here arc ten thousand note-holders, if
you please. He is equably and ratably bound
to pay to each-one of them his .-share of the indebt-
edness of the association to them. If there area
thousand stockholders,'and the f-ohler of a five
dollar note js a claimant, he would or.iy be bound,
supposing each stockholder to ha\o one share,
to pay that fellow half a cent. Then that one is
to havp judgment for half a cent against him, and
another one for another half cent, and so on.
; Mr. President, I do nut know what the expe-
! rience of the honorable Senator from Maryland
! may be in cnforcingan individual liability clause
! of this kind; but if he has ever known any one
