1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
tions before us touching what they suppose to be
the right of these gentlemen to seats in this House.
There can be no doubt, therefore, as to the right
of the committee to make this reportas a question
of privilege- The only difference between this
and the ordinary resolutions which are reported
is, that this is a joint resolution, inasmuch as the
President would not feel himself authorized to
constitute such a commission simply upon the
resolution of the House. It must be by joint res-
Qlution to enable the President to appoint a com-
mission to take testimony touching the right of a
member to his seat in this House.
Mr. MALLORY. The Chair has decided that
the resolution cannot be entertained as a question
of privilege, and I object to debate upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Massachusetts. If
the gentleman has the right to report this resolu-
tion as a question of privilege he has the same
right to consider itas a question of privilege. The
joint resolution seems to be prospective in its
character, and cannot, in the opinion of the Chair,
be brought within the rule which permits the re-
ception of theordinary reports of the Committee
of Elections relative to the rights of members to
Uj£u>-seats.
Mr. DAWES. It is a resolution which the
Committee of Elections have deemed essential to
determine the right of claimants to seats in the
House.
Mr. MALLORY. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MALLORY. I object to debate.
Mr. COX. 1 do not suppose there is any ob-
jection to this joint resolution being reported and
ordered to be printed, if it is not to be called up
as a question of privilege.
Mr. DAWES. This joint resolution as I un-
derstand is before the House. I do not desire ac-
tion upon it at this time, but if it is not subject to
be called up as a question of privilege 1 desire to
hav^ it postponed until a day cut tain, in order
that it may be considered and passed during the
present session.
Mr. BROW N, of Wisconsin. I rise to a ques-
tion of pnvilege. I desire to present a minority
repoit m this case.
The SPEAKER. If the majoiity report is
not in order as a question of privilege, a minority
report cannot be entertained as such.
Mr. COX. I hope the report of the minority
will be read. The majority report was read, and
I ask that the mmouty report may also be read.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I understood
there was no objection to the reports of the major-
ity and minority being read and printed. The
majoiity report has been read, and I now ask
that the minority leport may also be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that a
minority icport cannot be received by the House
at any time except by unanimous consent, if
there be no objection the minority report will be
received and read.
Mr. WILSON. Has the morning hour com-
menced ?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The firstques-
tion will be on the Pacific railroad bill, which is
the unfinished business from last evening, and
then upon the bill for a naval depot at Cairo,
and next on the bill in regard to the conscription.
All these will have to be disposed of before the
morning hour commences.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the majority
and rmnouty reports have been received and or-
dered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That will be considered to
be the undeistanding of th<  House.
Mr. DAWES. 1 now ask that some day be
set apait for the consideration of this subject.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object to this thing
coming in unless theie is a motion to reconsider,
and that motion is Idid on the table. I do not
want it to come in with the understanding that it
shall not be acted on and then be brought up on a
motion to reconsider and pressed through.
Mr. DAWES. I will vote with the gentleman
for that motion.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. COX. I ask that the resolutions of the
minority may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Whereas by article sixot the Constitution of the United
States it and the laws made 111 pursuance thereof are de-
clared to be the supreme law of the land* and every aet
of secession by any State is in direct violation of such su-
preme laws: Tiierefote,
Resolvedf That the acts of secession by the Legislatures
of the several States whose people are now In rebellion
are mere nullities, havmg no force or effect to .change the
relation either of States themselves or of the people thereof
townid the General Government j and that by such acts
the people neither freed themselves from the penalties at-
taching by law to treason nor lost any rights as citizens of
the States and United States, except such as may follow
upon conviction of crime; that the duty of the people of
such States to send true and loyal men to Congress, and the
right so to do as consequent upon the duty, still remain
by force of the Constitution, requiring no act of the Pi evi-
dent or Congress to confirm them; that no State can under
the Constitution assent to the presence of armed rebels from
other States within its border*, and that any act of the au-
thorities of a State giving puch absent i"? a nullity ; that the
entrance of such aimed rebels of one State upon Territo-
ries of another is an invasion from which by article four of
the Constitution tije United States arc bound to protect
the invaded State; that this obligation of protection on the
pan of the United States is due to each citizen individu-
ally as a consequence of his duty of allegiance, and con-
tinues bo long as there is a single loyal citizen m a State
oppressed by t uch invasion; th it so long as the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States cannot be enforced in
any congressional distuct on account of the presence of
armed rebels there can he no free election, and a person
claiming a seat through an election under such circum-
stances should be icjected.
Be xt flather resolved* That the Constitution in article
two dctei mines the qualifications of electors for Represent-
atives, and that any older of the Piesident or ac-r of Con-
gress changing such qualification* would be a usurpation
and a nullity.
Be it further resolved. That wheneverby pestilence, for-
eign invasion, or domestic conspiracy, the officers of n
State lequirtd by its laws to conduct an election have
been destroyed oi cari led off. the State does not thereby
cease to exist, nor do its people forfeit tiieir rights a«? citi-
zens of the States or of the United States, but, fioin the
very necessity of the case, and by vutue of the power im-
pliedly reserved to the people, they may, in a practicable
and reasonable manner, supply the deficiency, and hold an
election, conducting it, however as far as possible, in con-
formity with the existing laws and constitution o( the State;
and the duty of Congic^s in passing upon such an election
claimed to he held under such circumstances is limited to
ascertaining whether it was a lair expulsion of a majority
ol tiie people, and in the mode of conducting it depaited
fiomthe geneial laws of the State only so far a*, was neces-
sity io Mipply the deficiency of olheot* requned to conduct
the election.
L'c it fuither resolved* That the right of the claimants
fioin Ai Kansas should be determined by the principle* hetc
cuuncinn'd ; ami if they shall satisfy this llou.-e that the
Constitution and laws of the United States and of the
State held peaceful swav over their respective districts,
thai in their elections they departed in nothing from the
Constitution and existing laws of that State, save in sap.
plying lequisito olfieei-*, and that they received a vote oi a
uiajoiity in their respective districts, then they are entitled
to heats, but not othetwise.
Mr. ROSS. The Chair has decided that this
is oot a question of privilege, and I therefore ob-
ject to its being brought before the House.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late. The reports have been received and ordered
to be printed, and a motion to reconsider and lay
on the table agreed to.
Mr. DAWES, i now move that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until
Saturday next at one o'clock.
Mi. COX. I move that it be postponed till the
first Monday in December next.
Mr. MALLORY. This is m direct contraven-
tion of the undeistanding of the House, which
was that these reports should be ordered to be
pi in ted, and that the subject should not be brought
up for consideration.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I only withdrew my
objection on the express understanding that the
subject should not be brought before us for con-
sideration.
The SPEAKER. The reports were received
and ordered to be printed, and a motion to re-
consider was laid on the table.
Mr. MALLORY. I have only to say that this
is m direct contravention of the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. COX moved that the whole subject be laid
on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 43,
noes 63.
Mr. ROSS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. NOBLE demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
Mr. COX. I now demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone this subject until the
next session.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question'W 8 taken; anclit was decidtedlifi
the negative—yeas 50, nays 78, nonvoting 54y;a&
follows: ,
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen. '.Mn-
cona, Aueustus C. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss, Brooks, Chmiler,
Coftroth", Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denison, E(leOj..fidgert<?n,
Pinck, Harding, Harrington, BenjamujGr. Harris, Herrtck,
Holman, Philip Johnson, William "Johnson, Kalbffejscft,
Keman, Lazear, Long, Maliory, Marcy, McAllister, Mc-
Dowell, James R. Morris, Morrison, Noblo, Ode.lt? John
O'Neill, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, James y.'Rol-
lins, Itoss, John B.Steele, William G. Steele. Stiles, Strous?,
Stuart, Wadsworth, Wheeler, Chiltou A. White, and Jds^rfh
W. White—50. *
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Amesj Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Dentnan, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyd, Broomall, William G. BroWn,, AirfKro**
W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, t-obb,Cole,Thomas*'IVDavif,
Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, Ponton,
Frank, Ganson, Gooch, Hale, Hlgby, Asabel W. Hubbard,
John II. llubbard. Ingersoll, Julian, Ka-son, KeNey, Frftrt-
cis W. Kcllogs, Orlando licllogg, Knox, Longyear, Marvig,
McGride, McClurg. Samuel F. Miller, Moorbead, Daniel
Morris, Amos M>ers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles
O'Neill, Orth, Patter>on, Perham, Pike, Pomcroy, Prfce,
Alexander II ltice, John II. Rice, Edward B. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Sloan, Sinuhers, Stevens, Thayer,
Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Wilder,
Wilson, and Wiudom—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Blaine, Brandegee, James S.
Brown, Clay/Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Driggs, Du-
mont, Eld ridge, English, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gi ider,Grin-
nell, Gi Lswold, Hall, Chaiies M. Harris, Hooper, Ilotchkiss,
Hulbuid, Uutchius,Jenckes,King, Knapp,Lnw, Le Blond,
Littlejohn, Loan, Mclndoe, MfclCinney, Middleton,* Wil-
liam H. Miller, Mortill. Nels-on, Pendleton, Perry, Radford,
William II. Randall,"Robinson, Scott, Shannon, Smith,
vSpaldimr, Starr, Stebbins, Sweat, Voorhees* Ward, Wil-
liams, WinfiWd, Benjamin'Wood, Fernando Wood, wood-
bridge, and Yeaman—54.
So the House refused to postpone the subject
until the first Monday of December next.
Mr. DA WESdemanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the subject was postponed till next Sat-
urday at one oJclock.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report accompanied by the fol-
lowing lesoluuons:
Resolved, That John IClme is not entitled to a sent in
this Uou&e as a Representative in tfie Thirty Eighth Con-
gress from the third congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That Leonard Myeis is entitled to the seat now
oeeupted by him at. a Representative in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress {mm the thnd eongie& ional district of Pennsyl-
vania.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I do not concur with the ma-
jority of the committee in the ruling by which
the contestant m this case was denied process to
summon witnesses to prove certain allegations in
his notice of contest. I am of opinion that when
a party has conformed his allegations to the stat-
ute he is entitled, as of right, to the production
of any legal testimony that will tend to prove
such allegations; and that neither the law nor
usage of the House requires of him to first show
probable cause to believe that hjs allegation is
true before he can have such process as will pro-
duce the evidence to prove it so. Whether I
should ultimately concur with the ctfmmutee in
the final conclusion to which they have arrived
would depend, of course, upon the character of
such testimony when produced. 4
Mr. GANSON. 1 desire to say that I concur
fully with the chairman of the Committee of
Elections in the views he has justexpresscd, and
I hope the House will sustain him when they arc
called upon to act in this case.
Mr. ORTH. i ask unanimous consent of the
House to make a report from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object; and I give
notice that I will give unanimous consent to
nothing.
Mr. COFFROTH. I ask permission that Fri-
day next be set apart exclusively for the consid-
eration of private bills.
1 Mr. WADSWORTH. I object.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files of
the House the papers in the case of L. J. Rose.
They were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, but no action was taken on them by the
committee, and they were reported back and laid
