1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
people, and request that the matter may be presented for jl
the action of Con-rrcss as piomptiy as possible. y
I am, very respectfully, <|
J S. P. CHASE, |!
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. YV. P. Fessenden, Chairman Committee on Finance,
United States Senate.
Mint ok the TJn:ted States,
Philadelphia, March, 2, 1861.
Sir: In my last annual report I recommended the disuse
of nickel in the cent coinage, ;tnd the substitution of the
alloy lately introduced in France and England called bronze.
It is composed of copper, tin, and zinc, and makes a beau-
tiful and ductile alloy. Tins change m the material of the
cent is not only desirable in itself, but has become ix neces-
sity from theadvancepiiceofnickel, (foraMipplyof which
we arc at present entuely dependent upon the foreign mar-
ket, paying for it in gold or its equivalent,) and the great
uncertainty or procuring an adequate supply tor the luturu
from any sourcc at a piicc within the legal limit.
Beside? this, nickel is itself objectionable a* an alloying:
metal. It is haish, brittle, most difficult to melt, requiring
the fiercest fires even when m alio} with copper, and i->
very destructive o{ dies, machinery, &c , thus increasing
the cost of production, which will soon exceed the value
of the product if the pi ice ol coppei, lahoi, coal, &c., con-
tinues to advance, as It is almost ceitam to do. In that
event, the coinage of the cent must oc.tMj.
It is not proposed to change the size or devices of the
ccnt, only the weight. The weight of the new coin would
be lorty eight giants or one tenth ounce troy, Tin-> will
secure a com in every respect superior to theslumpy nickel.
I also propose for your consideiation the coinage of a
tu-o cent piece, same material and double the weight of the
cent. The size of this com would be much lesi than the
old copper cent, be a great public convenience, and its coin-
age, m my opinion, should be authorized.
if you approve of the proposed change In material and
denomination, the inclosed bill, prepated with care, can be
submitted to (Jongiess for their action.
Permit me rc-pcctfully to suggest that immediate action
is necessary, fo; if nickel is retained it will be impossible
to meet the eroimous demand foi cents, and the increasing
cost of production may compel a cessation of that coinage.
The demand lor cent* is now lar hejond our ability to sup-
ply it.
The substitution of bronze for the nickel alloy was ex-
amined by the commissioners of the la->t annual assay in
February, and was by them eoidially approved. The com
mission consisted of Protestors Joseph Henry, Washing-
ton, District ot Columbia; John Torr«-'>\ New York; Al-
exander, Baltimore ; Kogers and Rami, Philadelphia; Judge
Putnam, Boston ; lion. II. McCulloch, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, and the thice cr officio membei< Ironi
Philadelphia. The opinions ol such gentlemen, though not
ollieialfy expressed, are de-ei \im  of consideration
Would it not be piopei to authorize the hiiicduction upon
our gold and silver coins ot the larger denominations a
mono *'tpresMve of a national ri'lisnee upon the divine
Sovereign! \ ? The time.s -,eem to demand it. I hope it
mny icecivo the .sanction of law.
Youis, most ic-pei ifully,
JAMI'S POIXOCK, Director.
Hon. S. r. Chase, Secretiny oj (he Treasury.
treasury dki'art.mfnt, Manh ib, 1804.
Sir. Referring to tin- lettet addicted to you on the f>th
instant, ineiosmga copy ol a eonumiM'eafion from the Di-
re* tor of the Mint in ret'Tenee to fli" -ub-titutson of hionze
for nickel in the coinage ol cents, and the coinage ol a two
ccnt piece of bronze, together with a bill piovidiug theie-
lor, S liave now I In- honor to submit herevMth anothet com-
munication from the [)ire< tor ol the Mint, calling attention
to the very .serious inconveniences which exist on account,
of the limited suppU oi nickel lor coinage, and the impos-
sibility ot obtaining moie liom abroad at pnc< a suitable lor
Mint purposes, and urging the neec---ity of immediate legis-
lation to meet the ditiieuhy in <pie-tion.
i concur with the Director in thinking that the public in-
fere-t-- and convenience lefpure the abandonment ot nickel
and the substitution ol bronze for one and two cent pieces,
a-* piovidf d lor by the bill alteady submitted ; but he feats
thnf the opposition created by private interests nm\ defeat
the proposed meat-urn,and he thereto! e submits the inclosed
section .is a snbMitute toi section tiiM-oi the lull,piovidmg
rot the continuance ol tiie mmapo of the m< kei cent, .it a
reduced weight. and the coinage of a two cent bronze
piece, whcli meaMiic will, in his opinion, teeonciie con-
ilicun;; jntercr-ti and icmedj tiie exiting dilheuity.as well
. a-s r< uii in a huge living of e\pi-n-e to rhe Government.
In view o! tiie pfennig and eiteii-ive demand tor the ac-
connnodati"ii winch the proposed coinage will supply, I
trust the matter will icceive the early attention of Congress.
I am, very ie&peotIullv,
H. P. CHASE,
Secretary of the Tjcav.iry.
IJon.W. P. FE«sryiu:N, Clutiujian (kivunittce on Finance,
United States Seua(c.
mtxt or the I'niTKD FTATES,
I'inr,aiv,:i,piuMnnh 10, 186-1.
Fir; The continuance of the cmt eomnpe is n^wnot
only a epie.-tion ot price, bur Mjppij . Our present stock of
nickel villi he e.\hai^ied in a tew da\5, and an adequate
*upj)ly cannot be obtained fiom any-onrce. Otn foreign
coric-poiidents mforni us tinit nickel cannot be i'umi-bed
at pr>" cut pri"Cs, ii'i' cm any considerable amount be had
t'oi fro.m- mourn?-. We .'we ti,u« ,-ii.n up to the home sup-
ply, ftoni the c ork'* ofMi. V,*h?iito:i ; hut if we could ic-
ec'ive all made at ins L'.t. t,ifshni"nt (he amount would be
whujH tie >i flic K-nt, would be from ii; e hundred to eight hun-
dred u'lnii-'. pei wc' k. not ill-): e than one halt thr amount
i.'m.-i.'ea uoi'.; i' v •. ircun«-l;i:i'-< > j-oneUjniL must
(ir fie i v '' -iu" -vO 'Ui: '■' ct 'In vuiist int
and ovet whelming demand for cents. Our daily orders
range from two to five thousand (iuilats; our daily produc-
tions about one thousand dolhus. We cannot ineiease it,
lorwe cannot prucuic the materia!. The wants of the
public could be tuliy met by substituting bronze for the
nickel alloy. But pnvate interests have induced opposi-
tion to tln "proposition. Can these puvato intt1 tests In; rec-
onciled, and at tne same time the public interests and con-
venience be promoted? I thtnk they can, by reducing tho
weight oi the ntckei ccnt from seventy-two to lorty-eight
giams, and continuing the coinfige of the nickel alloy at
this leduced rale, making a more convenient and desiiable
com, and at the same time authorizing the coinage of a two
cent bronze piece. This will meet the wants of the peo-
ple and Government, and be satisfactory to Mr. Wharton
and lus friends. Although'every consideration of public
inteiest and convenience requires the abandonment of
nickel, yet the plan now proposed, if adopted, will greatly
aid the Mint in meeting a demand that is unceasing and
inct easing. 1 inclose an amendment or new section to the
supplement forwarded some weeks ago, embracing the
pir:;dnt proposition. If bionze is substituted, or the sub-
mitted plan be adopted, a clear revenue of at least two hun-
dred or two hundred and fifty thousand dollars will, under
the present demand for cents, annually accrue to the Gov-
ernment. I hop« the subject will receive the early and fa-
vorable action ot Congress.
Yours, very resmecttuliy,
JAMES POLLOCK.
Hon. S. P. Ciiask, Secretary of the Treasury.
The bill w*v? reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third leading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
CONTENTION WITH ECUADOR.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 341) to carry into effect the convention with
Ecuador for the mutual adjustment of claims, have
directed me to report it back with an amendment.
As I have already reported a bill on the same mat-
ter, which is before the Senate, and was printed
some days ago, I ask the Senate now to proceed
to the consideration of this bill. It will take only
& minute.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of rhe Whole. For the purpose
of carrying into effect the convention with Ecua-
dor for the mutual adjustment of claims, signed at
Quito, on the x)5tli of November, 1HG2, it provides
that the commissioner to be appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall be allowed a com-
pensation, in full for his services, of $3,500, and
ten dollars a day in commutation of traveling ex-
penses for the time actually and necessarily occu-
pied tri gninj^ from the place of his residence to
Guayaquil and returning: to his home after the
termination of his duties. lJutif tho President shall
elect to appoint the minister resnientof the Unite d
States in Ecuador to perform the duties of commis-
sioner under the convention, he shall receive as
compensation for his services fifty per cent, of
that sum, pmsuant to the pi ovisn mis of the ninth
section of the act of August 18, 185C, to ic^ulate
the diplomatic and consular systems of tin- United
Suites. The President is to make such provision
for the contingent expenses of the commission,
including the moiety of the United States for the
compensation of the umpire, and of the secretary
who may be chosen by the commissioners, pur-
suant to the provisions of the convention, as he
shall deem just and propel.
The amendment of the Committee on Foreign
Relations uas in section one, line nine, to strike
out '''$3,500" and insert u ^3,000,M po that the
compensation of the com nn*r; oner shall be $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The amend-
ment was ordered to be engrossed, anil (lie bill to
be read a third time. The bill was read the third
time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives (No.
198) making appropuations for thesupportof the
Army for the year ending the 30th June, 3665,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from th^ President of the United
States, by Mr. N"icOLAY,hts Secretary,announced
that the President had yesterday approved and
siimed the following sets:
An act (S. No. GO) amendatory of the^home-
etedd lav/, and for other purposes;
An acr (S. No. 0 ) to enable the people of Ne-
vad i to lot rn a .'.m^tuu^on anu ai - gv  ou-nienf ♦
and for the admission of such State into the Union
upon an equal footing with the original States; and
An act (S. No. 97) to enable the people of Colo-
rado to form a constitution and State go vermneut,
and for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States.
MESSAGE tfKOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 25) to authorize the President
to negotiate a treaty with the Klamath, Modoc,
and other Indian tribes in southeastern Oregon.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 356)
requiringthe proof of payment ofduties on foreign
salt before payment of the allowances provided
for by the acts of July 29, 1813, and March 3,
1819; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had insisted upon its amend-
ment to the fourth amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 34) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1865, disagreed to
by the Senate, and had agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Rkuben E. Fenton of New York, Mr.
Henry T. Blow of Missouri, and Mr. James
R. Morris of Ohio, managers at the same on its
pait.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on tl\p disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (PI. R. No. 299)
to provide for carrying the mails from the United
States to foreign ports, and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 142) for the relief of the
owners of the French ship La Mauche.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The hill from the House of Representatives
(No.356) requiting the proof of paymentofdutiea
on foreign salt before payment of the allowances
provided for by the acts of July 29, 1813, and
March 3, 1819, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, aa
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 41) to promote enlist-
ments in the Aimy of the United States, and for
other purposes; the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Davis to the amendment
of Mr. Wilson.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, there are sev-
eral bills before the Senate, each having a special
design to accomplish, and all of which have a
general purport. The special design of each bill
is apparent on its face; but the general object of
all these bills, and 1 am disposed to believe the
main object, is the destruction of slavery. Among
these bills is one to repeal what is usually called
the fugitive slave law. There is another to make
persons of color competent witnesses in the Fed-
eral courts; and there is also the bill now under
consideration more especially.
I was and am very desirous to bring my mind
to the conclusion to vote for the bill under con-
| sideration, and to see it put in such a form that I
| could, consistently with my convictions of justice
I and duty, do so; and itwas with the view of hav-
j ing it put in such a form that I voted yesterday
j to send that bill to the Judiciary Committee.
Ij I confess that my commiseration was excited
II the other day by the reading of the letters pre-
;j sented to the Senate by the honorable Senator
!! from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson;] but T am
jj disposed to believe that those instances of vin-
j! dictive cruelty to which the Senator alluded,and
j; to which also the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
ji Brown] alluded, were more the result of another
ij consideration than they were the result of the
'■ f>epie and n of tie: masters of the slaves,
