^204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
of them enforced, and if he has ever known any
fruit to be derived from a remedy of this kind, he
has known more than I have. Put in here, they
are a snare and a delusion; but with such an
amendment as 1 offer they will become vahdand
binding on the shareholders, and the moment the
bank fails every shareholder knows that in addi-
tion to the stock he has already paid in he is
bound to pay up a similar amount. It is not ne-
cessary that he shall be sued. He need not sus-
tain an action if he chooses. All he has to do is
to continue his position as shaieholder or stake-
holder, if you please, because the money he puts
in is merely in pledge that the assets shall ledeem
the liabilities of the bank. If the money is not
wanted he will get it back again. If a portion
of it is wanted he will gut the icsidue back; and
there is nothing unjust m it.
But if there is to be no individual liability, no
responsibility onthepartof the shareholder, or if
that responsibility is not to be enforced by the
proper remedy, let the bill remain as it is, or leave
it to the remedy proposed by the Senator fiom
Ohio, which, m my opinion, is no remedy at all,
just leaving it where it was. Require the share-
holder honestly and fairly, for the benefit of those
who have trusted this association, who have dealt
with it upon the faith of this clause, to putup his
money, and after the debts arc paid, if theie is
any over he will get it back, and if the debts aie
not paid he will not get it back. That is the fan-
meaning of it. I hope the amendment may Ijc
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mi. COWAN eatled for the yeas and nays;
and they were ovdeicd.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let the amendment to the
amendment be leported.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Cowan and the amendment of Mr. Sherman.
Mr. COWAN". 1 submit that the proposition
of the Senator fiom Ohio is not an amendment to
my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, If my amendment be adopt-
ed,of course it will dispense with the amendment
of the Senatoi fiom P< nnsylvania, and therefoie
it is a substitute for if.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the amendments arc to diAVient
parts of the section; each would, therefoie, none
propetly bo a separate amendment of itself, hut
one can be treated as asubstitute for the othci by
general understanding.
Mr, COWAN. Then 1 a.sk that the vote may
be taken on my amendment first, if that be in oider.
Mr. SHERMAN. [ hav e no objection to that
course. 1 will only icpeat that the amendment
ol the Senator trom Pennsylvania would sub-
stantially require this contingent liability to be
enforced fir.st; that is,beloie the debts due to the
bank weie collet ted tin* leeeivei must collect the
amount fiom the stocklmhieis lor winch they
might be liable in a contingency, leaving the
deb's to be coll. eted afterwaids.
Mr. COWAN. That is a non $e<iuitur; it does
not necos'-anly follow The icce.vcr is to have !
authonty to col lei t not only all the debts due to
the bank but aUo lo <ol!ea that which would be I
due iron) the stnek Judders on their individual ,
liabiiiiy clause. He may do it first if he chooses, '
or lie may do it last Something must be left
to his discretion and that of the Cotnptioller in j
endeavoring to onfoiee the remedy. lie will not j
be likely to do it if it is unnecessary. j
Mr. AiNTMONY. Do I imdeixiand that the ;
whole contingent liability of the .stockholders '
to be collected m the first instance, whether it be '
found ncce&sary to iesoit to that or not, and then ■
it it shall not be found nei.e -kvw y to resort to that, i
or it shall only bo tound m-cfsaty to lejott to
port of that, to return the balance ? Are wc to go
through the expense of.collecting and returning ,
it without nscet taming whether it is neces^aiy?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the precise differ- -
once between tli-e two, My amendment piovides i
for enfoicini! the contingent liability as soon as !
it is a?cenaioed that it is necessary. i|
Mr. COWAN. It in not exactly us stated by i'
the honorable Senator ft-nn Rhode Island. Tn'e 'j
receiver wjN have the au'hoi.ry to do what be al- ,1
Uresis contemplated in tin amendment, but it will 11
not be obligatory on him to do it. He may resot t
to the collection of this fund immediately on ac-
cepting th% appointment of receiver, oi he may
wait and bide his time until he ascertains wheth'U
it will be necessary to resort to that or not. lie
is to have the authonty by the amendment that 1
offe r.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on substituting the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio for that proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania. That will be the question
before the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Wes^r5. Antlionv, Cluik, Coliamtn, Oonness,
Dixon, Fe^senden, Fostei, Guinea, Hale, Italian, Hender-
son, Howard, Johnson, fauieol Moojjau, ttanwy,
HhiMni.ni, ^piagne, Sunnier, Ten liyek, Trumbull, Van
WuiUIe, \Vade, Wilkinson, YYilley. and Wilson—
NAYS—Hui kalew, O.u hie, (;owan, Davis, Doo-
litt le. Fool. Powell, Richardson, Puddle, and San Many—10.
AttSI0:\'T—Messo-. Blown, Chandlei, Harding. HartIs?,
Ilendticks, riick>, Howe, Lane of Indtatia, MeDougall,
Mouiil, Net-mith, i'omeroy, and Wughr.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I have another amendment to
submit. I propose to strike* out all of the thir-
teenth section after the word " that," in the fust
line, down to the word " association," in the fif-
teenth line.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
it^hall bo. lawful foi any association fonred under fln^
net, l>y tt.- ;u Holes of n.-so' i.uion, lo ptovido foi .ut mci en.se
of it-s capital fiom nine to lime as mav he deemed expe-
dient, suii|i'ci to tiie I um latum- of thio net: 1'iot uJcJ, Tiiat
the maximum officii incic.be in the .uncle* ol association
shall lie (h'feiimned by tiio ('omptio)lei of theCuneney,
and no increase, of theeapiinl beyond the maximum so de-
tei mined >ha!l there,itiei be made Without the eon-ent of
ihe ('ompltullei , and m  iii< ie.i-e el capital shall he vnhd
until ihe u hole amount of such men-a^eshall be paid m. and
not tec ihetool shall ii.ive been Iran • united to the Omipindlej
ol Ihe t'uirenev, and Ins i-eitiheafe obtained niM
Ihe amount of-uch increase of capital !-toe!\, w uh hi - ap-
ptoval theieoi, and thai it has been du!) pa;d in as pait of
the c.ipnal of such association.
Mr. COWAN". I will merely remark, in sup-
port of tfnsumendment, that by allowing the cap-
it.d of these banks to bo increased at Ihe pleasure
of the Compttollcr, some very cutious results
might be bionghi about in a veiy shoit lime, if
we suppose a bank established, with a capital of
^300,000 originally, and t he capital stock all paid
in, and bonds of the United Slate's deposited—
ami I may remai k that the whole capital stock of a
bank may be m the bonds of the United Slates and
deposited with the Tieasurer—the bank would
be entitled to receive ^*270,000 of notes foi circu-
lation. With these notes it might immediately
pin chase ten-forty bonds, now in the nun ket, and
which die to be pin chased for the^e notes. By
the provisions of this bill ihe&e ten-foity bonds
migii t be ra ised !o five-1 wen tics, or, in othen words,
they might be made equivalent to six percent,
bonds; and immediately upon doing so applica-
tion mm lit be made to the Comptioller to inciease
the capital stock' of the bank to the amount o!
those bonds. That would beif^25,000; and upon
that being done the bank would then receive
£r20:2,f)00 of currency for ciiculation m return.
\Vnh that cuiieney it might turn lound ltnmedi-
atcly and buy other ten-foity bonds; and this, I
may lemaik, may be done in a day, may all be ,
done in an hour; it may be done instantaneously
for that matter, by an undetstanding with the
Oomptroilei on the part of the benk There need 1
no money pars, or bonds either. This can*all be
done without any manual delivery of the one or !
the other back oi fotth. Hut after Inning received '
this second batch of citeuiation , H may be invest-
ed in ten-forty bonds. Application may be made
to the (Joinpi roller :o increase the capital of the
bank again, and it may be allow e<j} and the same
pi oe< ss go on o\er and over again, until 1 bn\e ,
load-' ;■ ea!« ula!ion hei.- which results m ibis: after 1
in\ olving the oi igmal sum of ^,300,000 nine tunes
in this Vv-'y, the bunk, upon an actual capital of
^300,(>()!), would have loaned to the Government 1
^i,*2u7,:231, would ho icceiving fiom the Govern-
ment L.n annual interest in gold of ;^GG,3G3, or m
our currency .cons idei ing the d(dlar at sixty cents,
■j? 1 1. It is ti no that iiftecn p'-r cent, of ihe
amount in circulation would always have to be
kept cm hand as a reyi ve fund m the vaults of
the bank to meet Ho liabilities. It is ul.^o true ,
that one per cent, annually would be paid on this
ciiculation to the Government. The inteiest on
the resei ve fund kept on hand would be $8,906 76.
The tf.x which the Government v/omd realize
m cefusideiMtion of these privileges would amount
to ^3,830. Deduct these drawbacks from the
amount of interest, and it would leave the bank
receiving fiom the Government in us own cur-
rency which it is bound to redeem dollar for dol-
lar in gold eventually some time or other, if it keeps
Us faith, $91,875.
Certainly no friend of this measure would de-
sire that this result should be broughtabout; and
it is not likely it would be ever brought about to
such an extent as I have carried it in -this calcu-
lation if the Comptroller were an honest man; but
we are not seem e fi om the contingency of having
at some future time a Comptroller who may have
his friends engaged in this business of banking,
and to whom he could extend these facilities with-
out any possible check on i he pai r of any of his
supenor officers, because the mischief might re-
sult natuially under the fair operation of the law.
I propose by striking out a poi tion of the thir-
teenth section to prevent any of these banks from
increasing theii capital at the will of the Comp-
troller. i would have those banks, so far as that
is conccincd, put on a footing with other banks
all over the Union when they desire an increase
of their capital. It is for the sovei eign power, or
in other words Congiess in this instance, to de-
termine whether a further franchise shall be ex-
tended to them, because this is one of the gifts of
high pnuogntive; this is a franchise which belongs
to no banker naturally, and which ought only "to
be at the disposal of the sovereign power of the
nation. I therefore desire that it may be limited,
and that after a bank determines, on making its
application, what the amount of its capital shall
b'-, theio shall be no mciease of that capital, of
that fi anchise, other than by an act of Congiess,
just as evei ybody all over the States to-day when
they desire an extension of these special corporate
privileges go to the Legislature in order to have
them granted.
iYh. SHERMAN. The right of fhe banks to
increase their capital stock is so much restrained
and limited by the bill that 1 think it would be
vety unwise to adopt the amendmentof the Sen-
ator tiom Pennsylvania. By the terms of the bill
the bank must exptess its desire to increase its
capital at the time of making the original applica-
tion. That desire and that limitation must be
approved by the Controller. For instance, a
bank is stalled to-day with a capital of $100,000.
It is requiied by this law to be paid m very
promptly, one half cash in hand and ten pei cent,
cveiy tin11y days, I think—wry rapidly at any
rate; within six months, at least, all must be paid
up. But at the tune of making us application it
may give notice that it will d« mic an inciease of
capital stock. That mcieai-e must be approved
by the Comptioller, and the Comptroller may
limit if.
Mr. COWAN. The Senafbr will allow me to
correct him. 1 think he has misread a portion of
the bill which 1 desne to stiiko out. it is true
that on the original application the Comptioller
determines the maximum of the capital stock of
a bank; but there is a clause which follows sub-
sequently, which by fair implication will allow
him to mcica^e it beyond that maximum. I will
read it:
That flic rnn\imum of fuch incrcaso in thr> arfiolo- of
association shall be determined by the Compfiolb-i ol the
(Uno'tiey, ami no mciease of the capital be\ond the in tx-
mttnii mi del'-iiinued—
Not up to the maximum but beyond the max-
im u m—
shall thereafter be made without the consent of the Oomp
tioilei.
Now, I say that e fair constitution of that
clause allows the maximum to be exceeded after-
waids by tin* consent of the Comptroller.
Mi. Si] EIIM AN. Jn that sec;ion that the Sen-
ator proposes to strike out thvie is this clause:
That ii th.ill be lawful for nnv association loimed timiei
tlu< an h; it-; aihelea of a^oeiauon—
That is, the o.nginal first paper provided for —
to pun'tde 'i>! an iuorea-e of Us capital fi'Mn tane [() tune
as may be deemed expedient, . ubjoet to the lumraiioiu of
ttn ■. net.
If is nut only subject to th^ general limitations
of its a rtides of association, but subject to all the
luuiUtUuiis of the act. One of the limitations of
