1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
is in his vitupciativo accusations against some of
the noblest men of our time. Sir, i will put the
Senator right, and I have abundant means to put
him right in the evidence of honorable Senators
around me.
A day or two before the battle of Bull Run, the
fii'st regiment of Massachusetts volunteers was en-
gaged with the enemy at Blackburn's ford, and sev-
eral Massachusetts men were killed or wounded.
Intensely anxious to learn what 1 could do for
the relief of Massachusetts men, wounded m de-
fense of my country, I hastened to the army. I
saw several of the wounded men of my own and
other States at Cuftrcville; and there are those
present in this Chamber who know tlmtthey and
myself were privileged to administer something
to their relief. When the army advanced from
Centreviile on that July morning, I followed it to
the field, anxious, if I could, to do something to
alleviate the suffcungs of the men who might foil
that day. I went on to that field of strife. At
three of the field hospitals I did something, with
other civilians, foi our wounded and our dying.
When, our forccs drove the enemy, as they did
drive the enemy, and the battle had ceased for a
time, and there was no firing on any part of the
field, I, only a civilian, with no assigned duty,
left the command of General Schenck, where I
had passed some time, and retraced my steps to
Centreviile. On my way back I met the Senator
fiom Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] and the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] on their way to the
battle-field, and tOlil them that we had driven the
enemy, and won a brilliant victory. The Sena-
tor from Iowa will, I am sine, remember it. (Mr.
Grimes nodded absent.) When I arrived at Cen-
treviile the battle had been renewed by the arrival
on the field of fresh rebel forces from the Shenan-
doah valley. It was rumored, and the rumor
created no little excitement, that our army had
been defeated and was falling back. The "Sena-
tor from Michigan, [Mr. Ciiaxdler,] and the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wadi:,] will remember
that I stoutly denied the truth of the lumor, and
contended that I had seen our army drive the en-
emy before thorn. I had no means of conveyance
for myself, a wounded soldier, or anybody else,
and after Imgeringa while at Centreviile, I started
on foot, and walked several miles toward Wash-
ington, and was indebted to the kindness of a
gentleman from Pennsylvania for the means of
conveyance to this city. I had no occasion to
hasten my steps, and did not do so; if, howevei,
that had been necessary, I can assuie the Senator
from Kentucky that I should not have hesitated
to do no. The men who fell that day weie not at
Centreviile or on the road from Centieville to
Washington, and no appeal was made to me, or
could have been made to me, in behalf of a
wounded or any other soldier. Did the Senator
manufacture that libelous accusation?
Mr.DAVIS. It was to Id me by a.soldier, though.
Mr. WILSON". The Senator was told so. Sir,
whoever told the Senator so, told him an unmiti-
gated and unqualified he, that had not a semblance
or shadow of truth m it.
Sir, a few weeks after the disastoi of Bull Run,
the President and his Cabinet weie anxious to
stimulate and encourage volunteeiing. On the
adjournment of Congress, at the uigent solicita-
tions of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the Secretary of AVer, I hastened
home; to Massachusetts to encourage recruiting
for the Army. I had been invited by Genual
MrClellan to accept a position on his staff, and
the Secretai v of War urgently piessed me to do
.so. I thought, and the Secretary thought, that I
could obtain in thai position some knowledge of
the organization and condition oi the Army that
would be of service to my country. Believing
that I could render some setvice to my country
before the meeting of Congress, I went home to
Massachusetts, appealed to the people, traversed
portions of the State at my own expense, oigan-
ized and raised nineteen companies of mtantry,
two ba I tones of artillery ? and a company of sharp-
shooters. in less than forty days I laised twenty-
three hundred men, brought a regiment of infan-
try, a battery of artillery, and a company of
sharpshooters, m all thirteen hundred and sixty
men, to this city, and was assigned by General
McClellan to Fitz John Porter's division and
Martmdale's bi igade, at Hall's hill. A few weeks
after 1 camc I placed my regiment, as I had piom-
ised to do, under the command of an accomplished
officer of the regular Army, am! accepted a posi-
tion on the staff of General McClellan, where I
remained until several wpeks after th& meetingof
Congress, when my duties here required that I
should resign that position. Sir, believing that I
could render some little service to my struggling
country, I gave more than four months to this
service, paid my own expenses, expended more
than eight hundred dollars, and never received a
farthing from the Government, and never shall
receive a farthing from the Government. Yes,
sir, I gave more than four months of time, at my
own expense, expended more than eight hundred
dollars, and never received nor ever shall receive
one dollar for it. This little contribution of time,
of toil, and of money, i cheerfully gave to the cause
of my periled country; and the records of my
State and of my country show that I have never
claimed any compensation for this time, toil, and
money. [Manifestations of applause in the gal-
"The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Kentucky,
whose hungry ear drinks in so much tattle, brings
forth an anonymous letter stating that I offered
to appoint a sutler for my regiment, on condition
that he would allow me half his profits. Even the
Senator from Kentucky expresses his disbelief
in the truth of this anonymous letter. A more
wholesale slander was never born of malignity
and falsehood. No sutler was with my regiment
so long as I had the command of it. Before leav-
ing-Massachusetts a relative of mine sought to
be appointed sutler, and 1 told him that no rela-
tive of mine should have an interest of a dollar m
anything connected with my regiment. The ap-
pointment of the regimental sutler was made by
my successor. No i elative or friend of mine ever '
received, directly or indirectly, a farthing con-
nected with the sutlership or any other thing
connected with that or any other legimcnt. I go
further, and say that no human being has received
during this lebellion, through any recommenda-
tion or influence of mine, directly or indirectly,
any job or contract ofany Department oi the Go v-
crnmentof the United States, nor will any human
being ever obtain any contract thiough any soli-
citation, recommendation, or influence of mine.
The Senator drags this anonymous slander into
the Senate. Surely such indecency deserves the
rebuke of honorable men.
Sir, the Senator assails the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts for her action during the war of
1812. It may be that Massachusetts did not do
her whole duty in that struggle, but, the Senator
from Kentucky, who advised 'hat gallant Com-
mon wealth to maintain a position of armed neu-
trality in this great struggle to preserve the life of
the nation, ro«iy not icproaeh her. If any men
of Massachusetts hesitated to give their country
all of treasure and of life they had to prosecute
that war foi fiec trade and sailors' rights, I shall
not defend them, whether they he among the living
or the dead. I am not here to assail and { never
have assailed the State of Kentucky. Novel have
I uttered a word of censure against the loyal men
of that State or of any State, and I never can do
so. I have never on this floor, before the people,
in the public press, nor m private letters to the
dearest hlends on earth,spoken or written a line
of criticism on any military man cumlucting op-
erations in the field.
But, sir, I have spoken of rebels, and of rebel
sympathizers;, and of professed Union men, who,
when the blood of Massachusetts men hastening
to the defense of the capital reddened the streets of
Baltimore, lefused to let the troops of Kentucky
come to the defense of the capital, and advised,
that gallant Common wealth to occupy a position of
armed neutrality, that she might dictate terms to
the North and to the South when they should be-
come exhausted with the hardens of wai. Sir, j
lVom the city of Baltimore, while the blood of j
Massachusetts men smoked on her streets, the j
Senatorad vised Kentucky to "look to herselfand I
her own self-preservation;" to "clothe herself in j
full panoply," and "as the red waves of war from j
North or South beat against her fn m base, let her j
roll them back with all their desolation," so that!
"when the contending paities become worn and j
wasted by a prolonged and bloody war, she can I
then effectively interfile to command a general I
peace.'' From that day to tins, with all his pro- |
fessed love for the Union, and all his repeated de-
nunciations of traitors, he has undertaken to play
the same role; to dictate terms to the Government
and to control its policy. He denounces the trai-
tors, he has denounced them to-day, but there is
no virtue in his rebukes. He can hardly help
denouncing them,for there is nothing on the earth,
or above the earth, or in the earth, that the Sen-
ator is not swift to carp at,criticise, and denounce.
The Senator assumes to dictate to the country;
but, thanks be to God, to the instinctive and far-
seeing patriotism of the American people, and to
the inexorable logic of events, he and his policy
arcs swept away. Even in Kentucky the loyal
people are rising in majesty, and will at no distant
day banish that class of Union men to which the
Senator belongs from that possession of power
they love so well. The Senator vauntingly tells
us to-day* that he knows where to go and who
will sustain him. I tell him, and I know whereof
I affirm, that Kentucky, gallant and true,is rising
with the rest of the country to a realization of the
duties imposed upon loyal America. Her senti-
ments and opinions are not yet heard in the Cham-
ber of the Senate of the United States. Thank
God, she has true and noble men who represent
her higher and better sentiments in the other wing
of the Capitol.
But the Senator from Kentucky reproaches
Massachusetts for her legislation intended to pro-
tect her own citizens against the inhuman pro-
visions of that infamous fugitive slave law whose
provisions so gladden his heart and fill his capa-
cious brain. The Senator mounts his desk and
reads to the Senate that infamous enactment that
has brought so much shame and dishonor upon
our country, in face of the Christian and civil-
ized world. But the enormities of that enactment
that have made humanity shudder seem beautiful
in the eyes of the Senator from Kentucky. He
clings to it, he hugs it the closer because the rest
of the world scorn it. He lives and lingers among
past recollections, especially i'f they have the taint
and odor of slavery about them. Sir, the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, in her legislation,
never intended forcibly to resist the laws of the
United States. No man in her Legislature de-
sired or expected to icsist the authority of the
Federal Government. What Massachusetts in-
tended to accomplish by her legislation was the
protection of Jiei own citizens; and if any ques-
tions arose between her and the Federal Govern-
ment, growing out of the attempted execution of
the fugitive slave art, she was ever ready to sub-
mit those questions to the judicial tiibunals of
the country and to abide the verdict. The Sen-
ator prates about a little mob, composed of a few
men in the city of Boston,and brands their action
as msurieetion and rebellion. Insurrection! re-
bellion! Sir, there was no insurrection; there
wna no rebellion. It was at most buta mob, and
a very small mob at that. Their action lingers
in the mind of the Senator. He magnifies and
gloats over it. lie drags it into the Senate Cham-
ber as a reproach to the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts and to her Senators.
Sir, I soy to the Senator from Kentucky that I
stand not here to defend any sentiments, opinions,
or acts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
unless those sentiments, opinions, and acts are m
hannonywith hbeity, justice,and humanity. If,
in her past history, Massachusetts has failed in
her high duties, I am the last man to defend her
action here or elsewhere. But I say, and I have
a lisrht to say, what that history which shall re-
cord these grand events now passing before us
will transmit to coming ages for thestudy and ad-
miration of all after-time, that Massachusetts, for
these twenty years, on ail the questions that have
been forced upon the country by the sldveholding
traifois, has occupied a position that will ever
command the profound respect and admiration of
the Christian and civilized world. [Manifesta-
tions of applause in the galleries,] And,sir,sincc
the standard of revolt has been raised, her sons
have thronged to battle-fields to defend the old
flag, maintain the unity of the Republic, and the
cherished institutions of freedom. And they will
continue to rally around the unrolled banners of the
Republic till the waning star of the lebellion sinks
down m eternal night. Sir, the iepresentdtivesh.
of Massachusetts, by word, by vote, and by-act,"
and her armed legions on battle-fields, have main-
tainedjfind ever will maintain, the unity of the
