184
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
January 13,
country and the cherished institutions of this dem-
ocratic Republic. Sir, the imputations, the re-
proaches, the slanders that so glibly flow from the
lips of the Senator from Kentucky will not reach
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. No word
of his can soil her name or dim her fame. There
is not strength enough in his arm to fling a shaft
that shall reach that proud old Commonwealth.
But, sir, I will follow the Senator no further in
his petty criticisms of Massachusetts and his vul-
gar personalities. I come back to the considera-
tion of the question at issue. After arraigning the
administrators of the Government of his country,
the Senator from Kentucky,in the resolutions upon
your table, declares that the people of the North
" ought to revolt" against their " war leaders."
Does not the Senator know what the word " re-
volt" means? Does not the Senator know that
" revolt"means to "renounce allegiance," to " re-
bel?" Does he notknow that the word "revolt"
means an " insurrection," a " rebellion," u de-
sertion,"" sedition,"an "endeavorto overthrow
legitimate authority?" If he knows what that
word means, he knows that in the connection in
which he uses it it means to incite or attempt to
incite the people to take the powers of the Gov-
ernment into theirown hands. The Senator tells
them to revolt and take this great matter into their
own hands. What great matter? The conduct
of the war—the questions concerning peace and
the tidjustment of questions growing out of the
rebellion. He tells them to revolt, to take the
power into their own hands. How are they to
revolt, and take the power into theirown hands?
Why, rush into a national convention and exer-
cise the powers they have taken into their own
hands, and terminate the war.
The Senator tries to tell us—although he can
hardly utter the word, for it must choke in his
throat if he does—that this word '* revolt" does
not mean dissolving allegiance, does not mean in-
surrection, but the going into a party convention.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
brought the Senator from Kentucky to the con-
fession that his convention was a revolutionary
convention. He admitted on the floor of the
Senate that the convention was a revolutionary
convention, the exercise of a revolutionary right.
What does he say to every man? Revolt; take
the power of the Government of the United Slates;
take these matters into your hands; go into a con-
vention to stop this war, and adjust the policy of
the Government and the institutions of the coun-
try. That means throw away the President,
throw away the Cabinet, throw away Congress,
throw away the Supreme Court, trample (he Con-
stitution and laws of the country under your feet,
and go into a national convention and settle these
questions for yourselves. A national convention
that should attempt to touch these questions, that
belong alone to the Government of the United
States, would be, must bo, a revolutionary tribu-
nal. It would be the first duty of the Govern-
ment to arrest, try, convict, and execute its mem-
bers as traitors. The Senator confesses, yes,
sir, h<- confesses in the presence of thu Senate, that
the convention he asked the people to go into is
a revolutionary convention. He knows that if
it assumes to act as he tells the people to act it
must be a revolutionary convention. This is the
meaning and import of the Senator's proposition.
He cannot explain it away, he cannot argue it
away. He has occupied three long hours to-day
in running around it, m climbing o\er it, in crawl-
ing under it; but there stands the proposition, a
fixed fact. A proposition so wicked, so revolu-
tionary, so instinct with treason, was never be-
fore made in the presence of the Senate of the.
United States by mortal man. Sir, we have heard
Jcfleison Davison this floor expound the theo-
ries of Calhoun in words of clearness and precis-
ion that often extorted the admiration of enemies;
we have heard the treasonable utterances of the
pompous Mason; we have listened to the threats
of the blustering Toombs, and the buter words
of the malignant Clay. We have heard these
men and their compeers expound the false theo-
ries of the school of Calhoun, but you will search
the Journals of the Senate and the records of the
Government in vain to find a proposition so trea-
sonable as this. If anybody doubted before the
tianscmduit wickedness of this proposition, they
can doubt no longer after the admission wrung
hom him to-day by the Senator from Michigan,
Sir, the Senator from Kentucky knows what
the word- "revolt"means. He knows, too, what
the phrase " take that great matter into your own
hands" means. He knows what a "national
convention" that shall assume to end the war and
reconstructtheGovernmentis. No man in Amer-
ica can mistake the obvious meaning and import
of the words and phrases. The Senator from
Kentucky is not quite so ignorant as we should
judge him to be when we listen, as we often do,
to his long, discursive, and illogical harangues,-
that are so often inflicted upon the Senate. In
his seventeenth resolution the Senator charges the
President with ignoring the constitutions of Ten-
nessee and Arkansas, and others that have not
been altered m any particular. When the Sena-
tor speaks of Jefferson Davis's insurrection he
calls it a " revolt," and a " revolt" of Jeff. Davis
is no more a " revolt" than is a " revolt" of Gar-
rett Davis.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I move to
lay aside all other business and take up the en-
rollment bill, that we may leave it as the unfinished
business.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Wiscon-
sin allow me but a minute? I will not detain the
Senate for a minute.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will yield the floor for
one minute or for five.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know, Mr. President,
whether the Senator from Massachusetts' per-
sistence is willful or the result of laws that he
cannot control. I was proceeding to define, and
I defined at the instance of the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Howard] what a revolutionary con-
vention was, and I most distinctly averred again
and again that the convention which I would have
called was not a revolutionary convention, but
was a convention in strict conformity with the
Constitution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move to lay aside all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the en-
rollment bill, that that bill may be the unfinished
business on the adjournment.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, the Senate
then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 13, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Ciiaknin'g.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PlllZK MONEY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, m
answer to a resolution of the House of the 6th
instant, relative to delay in the distribution of
prize money; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
UNEMPLOYED GENERAL OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
statement from the Secretary of War showing
the number of general officers of the Army un-
employed, &c.: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
DAKOTA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, presented the report in the Dakota contested-
election case; which concludes with the following
resolution:
Resolved, That William Jayne, having presented a cer-
tificate m due tonrt ol law of his election ab Delegate from
the Ten >tory ot'Pakota to the Thhty-EighthCongK,S"> ^ en-
titled in take the oath of office and oecupv aseatm tin.-House
as Mieh Delegate, without prejudice to the right of J, B. S,
Todd, claiming to be duly elected theieto, to pro-ecute his
content therefor according to the tules and usages of tin*
House.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GANSON stated that he dissented from the
report.
Mr. DAWES also presented depositions in the
same case; which weiu referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
MISSOURI CONTESTED-ELECTION CASS.
Mr. DAWES also presented papers in the con-
tested-election case of the third congressional dis-
trict of Missouri; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the -first business
in order to be the call of committees for reports,
beginning with the Committee on the Judiciary.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
Mr. WILSON,from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, joint resolution H. R. No. 18, to
amend a joint resolution explanatory of an act to
suppress insurrection, to punish treason and re-
bellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes, approved July 17,
1862.
The joint resolution amends the joint resolu-
tion of July 17, 1862, by making it read that no
punishment or proceeding under it shall be so con-
strued as to work a forfeiture of the estate of the
offender except during his life, the amendment
being intended to limit the operation and effect of
the law only so far as to make them conformable
to section three, article three, of the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed informally to
offer the following amendment:
Provided, Tha| no other public warning or proclamation
under the act of July 17,1862, chapter ninety-five, section
six, is or shall be required than the proclamation of the
President, made and published by him on 25th July. 186*2;
which proclamation so made shall be leceived and held
sufficient m all cases now pending or which may hereafter
arise under said act.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. LONG demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the bill and
.amendment be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER dccided the motion to be out
of order, the previous question having been sec-
onded.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holmak, and
Cole, of California, were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the tellers
having reported that forty, more than one fifth,
had voted in the affirmative.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison. Anderson. Arnold, A-h-
leyjJohn I) Baldwin, Baxter.BIame, Jacob B. Blan, Blow,
Bout well, Boyd, Brandegee, Broom all, Ambiose W. Clark,
Cobb, Cole, Jleurj Winter DavisThomas T. Davis Ihuves,
Deminc, Dixon, £>klcy, Eliot, Fenton, Gnrti«ld. Goocb,
Gimnell, Hale, Uigby, Ilotchku-s, A^ahel W. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, Ilulbuid, Julian, Kas-on, Kelley, Fran-
en W. Kellogg, Emm) ear, Eovejoy, Marvin, ?deBiulc,
MeUlmg, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead, Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Amos Myeis, Leonard Mvers, Norton, diaries
O'Neill, Orth, Patter. on, Perham, Pike, Pom<-roy, Price,
Alexander 11. Kice, John II. Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins
Sehenek, Seofu-Id, Shannon, Smiih. Hmifher^ Spaldms:,
Stevens, Thayer, Tiaey, Up^on, Van Valkenbmgh, Ehhu
f>. Wa<hburne, William B. Washburn, Wliale}, William's,
Wilder, Wil-ou. and Wuidoin—78.
NAVS—Mos>r>. William J. Allen, Brooks. Jame* S.
Brown, William G. Biown, Chanler, Clay. CoflYoth. Cox,
Ciaven>, Dawson. Dennisnn, Eihiii, Edgeiton, Eldnd?e,
EiKdivb, Fmek, Gannon. Gri>vvold. Hall. Iloimun, Kalh-
fieiseh, Keman, King, Knapp, Law, Lascar, Lc Blond,
Lonp, Maicv, McDowell, McKmney, Middlet'on, William
II. Miller, Morri>on. Nelson,Noble, John CNVill, Pendle-
ton, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers James fc>. Rollins, Ross,
Scott, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stiome,
Sweat, Voorhees, Wheeler. Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, Wintiold, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—54.
So the amendment was adopted.
Dunns; the vote,
Mr. COLE, of Washington, stated that Mr.
Harris, of Maryland, was detained from the
House by illness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, the law affected
by the joint resolution jusjt reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary is in the following lan-
guage:
uResolced In the Senate and ITovsc of Rppyr^cntriirp^,
That the piovuions of the thud clansc ot the fifth section
ol vAn act to Hippre-^ insuriuction, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize andeonfitcate the propei ty ot rebels, and
forothci purposes,' ^halibe so construed if not to apply
to any act or act* done puorto the passage thereoi; nor to
