2206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
must invest not less than $30,000. A largo bank
need not buy bonds lu the extent of more than
one third of its capital stock. The law in this
lofipect makes a discrimination against the small
banks. The Senate will perceive that there is no
kind of connection between the amount of the
capital stock and the amount of bonds owned.
A large bank need invest only one third of its
capital stock in bonds, and can only draw circu-
lation to the amount of ninety per cent, of the
bonds so deposited, but a small bank must invest
&30,000of its capital in bonds of the United States;
and all the capital stock in any event must be
paid in.
Mr. HENDERSON. I disagree with the Sen-
ator's construction; but with his explanation,
taking the law altogether to be what he says, I
withdraw the amendment, and move to strike out
the proviso in section seven, which will accom-
plish my purpose if he be correct.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Missouri now proposes to strike out the
words which will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Frocided, That banks with a capital of not le*s than
$50,000 niny, with the appiov.d of the. Secietaiy of tin-
Treasniy,bc organized in any place 1 lie population of winch
does not exceed six thousand inhabitants.
Mr. SHERMAN. Individually I would much
prefer that the amount of capital stock should
never be less than $100,000; but this proviso was
put in after a good deal of discussion in the House
of Representatives by a very decided vote of the
House. Unless Senators really desire to make a
point on this matter, as the members of the House
of Representatives represent the local districts
who will be more benefited by these local banks,
I trust they will not adopt the amendment. If I
had my own way and had the drafting of the hill,
I would have left out the small banks; but that
was the action of the House of Representatives.
This pioviso was inserted there after debate by
a very decided vote, with a view to help remote
and thinly populated sections of the eountiy and
smaller towns.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senate will
not strike out this proviso. So far as my State
is concerned, we expect to oi^anize hanks with
not larger capital than that; but iT the proviso be
stucken out, our people will not be ahle to do it.
In the town where 1 live it is contemplated to es-
tablish a bank, but they cannot do it if the capi-
tal is put at ovov ^50,000.
Mr. RUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUCKALliW. Mr. President, I d.-snv
to say that I vote for tin's amendment principally
to remove from the Secretary of the Treasury this
discretionary posver, in order to establish if pos-
sible m this bill the principle that banks shall be
established under uniform rules, and that there
shall be no discretion left to him to favor one lo-
cality over anothci.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know how it
will stand if the amendment be adopted. What
will be the limit?
Mr. SHERMAN. One hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. GRIMES. That is satisfactory to me.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 22; as follows:
YFAS—Mo-i-. Anthonv, Bin knlew, C.irlile, Colianiet,
Cowan, Davis. IK'oJmh , Foot, Cnmes, Hondej.son, jMoi-
mtn. Powell, Rh'imuI-oii, Kiddle. Saul.-hury, Sprague, &(mi-
ner, Trumbull, and WiLim—W.
NAYS—Me-*:-!-.. (Jhandh 2, Claik, Comn Ihxon, Fe--
:"<_'iid<'u: Fo-iei, Uahi, (Lilian, llowaid, fjowc, Johnson,
Lane ot Jndun.1, Lane o{ Km we*. Mm t ill. Ponieiov, tt;nn-
-ev, Sin-mum, Ten K\ck, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson,
and >Vdlev --22.
AHSK.Vr-Me-.w. Kiruvn. Hauling, Hairi.-, Hendnck.-,
MrLhmgall, Nehimtb, and WnglU.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have one other amend-
ment to offer, and then I will quit. J move to strike
out section foity-five of the bill, with a view of dis-
connecting; the Governmental far as we possibly
can from all banking institutions. I think the indc-
pcndentTieasui y system which weadopted many
years ago has pioved to be. pet haps, the best in-
stitution eu:r adop^d by the Government of the
United States. It was adopted after we had been
connected for a long series of years with banking
institutions by which the Government lost im-
mense sums of money, and 1 now desire to oiler
this amendment with a view of disconnecting the
Federal Government from these institutions. I
believe the con neciion will be found to work badly.
In fact if this section be retained, we do not want
any longer the independent Treasury system ex-
cept at some of the larger porta of entry in the
United States. We shall have to keep the inde-
pendent Treasury system there in order to keep
the gold received for duties separate from this
paper. But it really seems to me that for all pur-
poses in connection with the public money, the
independent Treasury system is infinitely better
than this. The Secretary of the Treasury may
use the Assistant Treasurers in the various parts of
the United States as financial agents of the Gov-
ernment just as well as he can use these banks.
He can require of them to do anything and every-
thing that may be advantageous for the interest
of the Government as well as these banks can do
it. I do not wish to do away with the independ-
ent Treasury system. I believe it is a good one,
and this is tantamount to destroying it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary lead section forty-five as follows:
Sec. 43. Jlmlbcit fmt her enacted, That all associations
nnd-'i tin* act, when designated for that purpose by the
Secietaiy of the Tieasury, sluill be depositane« of public
money, except icceipt* horn customs, under such lobula-
tion* d-s may he piocubed by the Seeretaiy ; and they may
al-.o be employed as financial aff«-nts of the Government;
and they shall peilorm Ml such reasonable duties, as de-
positaucs ot public moneys and financial agents of the
Government, an may be required of tliem. And the Sec-
setary of the. Tieasiny shall requite of the associations
thus designafed satisfactory seemtty, by the deposit ot
United Status bonds and otherwise, ior the safe-keeping
and prompt payment of the public money deposited with*
them, and for the faithful pertonnancc of then duties as
financial agents ot theCoveininent : PiOiided, Thateveiy
association whieh shall be -selected and deM uai< d as ie-
eelvei oi depositary of tin; public money -dial! takeaiidic-
eeive at pai all of tin- national curiency bills which have
been paid in to the Government foi interna! levenue oi loi
loans or sUn'ks.
Mr. SHERMAN. As long as ourentiie iev-
enues consisted in customs duties collected at the
ports of entiy there was no occasion for public
deposits; but nmv we are collecting money in
cveiy district of the United States, these bank's
aie very useful and con veil lent for exchange agen-
cies, the oniypuipose fur which they are used
and will be used.
Mr. SAULSl^URY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yoas and nays wete ordered.
Mi. POWELL. I desire to state that the Sena-
tor from Oregon [M i\ Nesmitii] is absent from the
Senate in consequence of sickness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 528: as follows:
y FAS—Me ;* s. Buckalew, Cowan, ]>a\ is, Giiinns. IJai-
lau, H.'nder^on. Powell, Riehaidson, ltiddle, Saulsbmy,
and Ti nmliiill—-I I.
NAYS—Messi v. \nthon\, Hi own, Claik, Colhuner, Con-
ness, Ilium, ponlitiie, F<**enden, Foot, Foster, Hale,
llowaid. If owe, Johnson, Lane of I ndiana, Lane ot Kansas,
.Moij.mii, MouiM, Pomeioy, Ramsey, Shennan, Spia ue,
Suinnei,Ten Lyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Wille>, and Wil-
son
AHSFA' I'~Me-ssiv ljiown. Cailile. Chamllei. f! ndml?,
Hums il'-iiducks, Iiicks, McDougall, Nesmitii, Wilkin-
son, ami Wnght,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend section
twenty-four, by inserting after " United States,"
in line fouitren, the woids " one by the associa-
tion." This section provides for destroying the
mutilated and worn-out bills, and it provides that
thiee poisons shall oversee the burning of the
bills, one appointed by the Comptroller of the
Curiency, one appointed by the Treasurer of the
United States, and one by the Secietary of the
Treasury. 1 propose that there shall bo one ap-
pointed by the association itself.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SHERMAN. Now the words "three
persons," m that section, should be changed to
" four persons."
The IMtESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made iftiicie be no objection.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to insert at the end
of section twenty-five the words " and a duplicate
signed by the Treasurer shall be retained by the
association." Tins section provides for an ex-
amination of the bonds placed on deposit, and I
wish to have a duplicate of the ceitificate of the
amount retained by the association.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of section sixty-three:
Pioviflceh That savings banks icgulaily chartered by
State auihoiity, owning stock in any of the aforesaid as-
sociations, shall not be liable over and above the value of
the stock owned by them.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in lines ten and eleven of the
twenty-second section the words, "one dollar,
two dollars, three dollars;" so as to read:
Circulating note* in blank of the denomination of five
dollars, ten dollars, twenty dollars, fifty dollars, &c.
This amendment will make the provisions of
this section conform to what was the law of my
own State, which did not permit banks to issue
notes of a denomination less than five dollars. I
ask for the yeas and nays upon this amendment.
The yeas and nays were oidered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, JDoolittlo, Hender-
son, Powell. Itichard&on, Kiddle, and Saulsbury—8.
NAYS— Messis. Anthony, Claik, Collamer, Conness,
Dixon, Foot, Fostei, Chimes, Hale, IlaiJan, Howe, John-
son, Lane of fndmna, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill,
Ramsey, Sherman, Spiague, Sumnei, Ten Eyck, Tium-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, VVilley, and Wil-
son- -27.
ABSENT — Messrs. Biown, Carlile, Chandler, Davis,
Fcssenden, Ilaidinir, Hams, Hendricks, lheks, Howard,
Mei)ougall, Nesmith, Tomeroy, and Wright.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 offer the following
amendment as a new section:
Jltul he it further enacted, That any person, banker, or
banking association, or banking coiporation, which s^hall
not within one year fiom and after the passage of tun act
leduce and theieatter retain the amount of its notes, bills,
oi certificates in circulation as money below the amount
of its cash capital actually paid in aecoiding to law and
fifty per cent, added thereto, or to the amount of it* cir-
culation actually seemed by pledge of the stocks ot the
United States, oi of the State where the bank or banking
olhee h simated, pni^uant to the laws of the United States
or ot the said Slate, shall not be entitled to make the
Tieasiny notes ot the United States a legal tender m pay-
ment ot any demand airam^t the .?amc, and shall pay to the
United State* upon any exce-s over and above what is
heieiu pjowded a tax ot onehalfpei cent, per month.
I shall not discuss the amendment. "The whole
effect is to operate upon the banks where their
circulation is not secuied by stocks of the United
States or of the States where they are located,
and the effect is to compel them to reduce that
circulation within one year from this time down
to their cash capital actually paid in, and not to
exceed fifty per cent, added thereto.
Mr. JOHNSON, tjjiwis it to be enforced?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is to be enforced by
declaim^ that those banks whieh do not do so
shall not be entitled to the pimlege of making
the Treasury notes of the United States a legal
tender in payment of demands against them,and
further that upon the excess over and above what
is there mentioned, that is, the capital actually
paid in, and fifty per cent, in addition thereto,
they shall pay a tax of one half percent, a month.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out all of
the bill after the enacting clause, and insert the
following as a substitute for it:
That the act entiMed "An act to piovide a national cur-
iency seemed by a pledge of UnMed State* "-stock®," ap-
proved Febiuaiy -2.;, ISo3, is hereby repealed.
It is not my purpose to make a speech on this
; question. 1 will simply say that I think this
whole system of banking is wrong, and it cannot
and will not result in anything but great injury
to the country. I am aware that if this amend-
ment be adopted a supplemental bill will be re-
quired for winding up these banks. I offer the
amendment to show my views of propriety, and
I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas C, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs, Buckalew, Henderson, Powell, Rich-
aidson, kiddie, and Saulslmry—G.
NAYS—Mt;.s*,js. Anthony, Chandlei, Clark, C'olismer,
Conness, I)i\oti, Doolmie, Fes-euden, Foot, Fostei,
(iimies. Hale, HaiLui, llowaid, lfowo, Johnson, Lane o{
Indiana, Lane or Kansas, Moigan, Momll, L'omeioy, Ram-
sey-  Sheiman. Sprague, Sumner, i'en Fyek, Trumbull,
Van Winkle. Wilkinson, Willey. and Wilson—3J.
ABSENT—Mcssis. ]Jtown,Cai hie, Cowan, Davis, Hard-
in:', Ifaius, Jlomliicks. Ilicki, MeDougall, Nebmilh, Wade,
and Wn«iiu.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments weie oiden-d to be engrossed,
and the bill to be lead .i third time. It was lead
