1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
include anv member of a State Legislature, or judge of any
State coin t, who has not, in accepting or entering upon his
office, wken an oath to support the constitution of the so-
called eoniedeiate States of America; nor s-liall any pun-
ishment 01 proceeding under baid act bo so const) ued as to
wotk a forfntuie of the real estate of the offender beyond
his natural life."
The only part of that resolution affected by the
one now under consideration is the last clause,
which provides that no punishment or proceeding
under the confiscation act shall be so construed
as to work a forfeiture of the real estate of the
offender beyond his natural life. The object of
the resolution which I have reported is to so amend
that last clause of the resolution of July, 1862, as
to make it conform to section third of article third
of the Constitution of the United States. In other
words, ieaproposes to substitute for the language
embraced in that resolution of 1862 the language
of the Constitution, which is as follows:
"The Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of treason, Imt no attainder of treason shall work
corruption of blood or forfeiture except during the life of
the person attainted."
We do not propose by the resolution to de-
termine the question of the legislative construc-
tion of the Constitution, whether we may provide
for forfeiture of fee or confiscation of the real es-
tate during life. The pending resolution leaves
the whole matter to the court. In other woids,
we simply submit the section of tiie Constitution
relating to the forfeiture of real estate to the courts
of the country to determine whether forfeiture
may be in fee or only for life.
Mr. COX. I ask my friend from Iowa whether
he intends to press the resolution to a vote now,
without time for preparation or for debate?
Mr. WILSON. I propose to permit discus-
sion to *>;o on during the morning hour.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman propose to call
for the previous question, so as to cut off debate
on this side of the House?
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have action on the
resolution.
Mr. COX. The gentleman cannot have action
this mornino-.
Mr.WASHBUItNE, of Illinois. By what au-
thoiity does the gentleman from Ohio make that
decfai ation ?
Mr. COX. Iiy authority of the rules of the
House, which can be made to prevent such hasty
legislation as will strike at the very oiganie law
of tiie country.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. We will see.
Mr. XCEIINAN. Let me state the reasons why
I dissent from the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. I agree to yield to my colleague
on the committee.
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
that I was unable to agree with the majority of
the Committee on the Judiciary as to the woik-
mg of J his amendment to the joint lesoint ion ex-
planatory of the confiscation act; and I desire to
state briefly my reasons. I wish to call the at-
tention of the House, in the first place, to the cir-
cumstances under which the confiscation act was
passed, as they may not be fresh in the recollec-
tion of ail.
Now, sir, the confiscation act was passed by
Congress and sent to the President, and before
the joint resolution now proposed to be amended
was passed, the President prepared a message to
veto fiie original confiscation act, and I beg to redd
from that message which the Piesident trans-
mitted to the House as his views in reference to
the confiscation act. I read from the Congres-
sional Globe:
"That to which ! chiefly object pervade-? most pan of the
act, but more distinctly appear-* in the fiist. t-econd, sev- j
enth, and eighth section*. It is the sum of tho-so piovii— j
ions which in the dive-ting of title forevei. i
'* For the causes ot trea-on and sncrredicnt:- of treason, not i
amounting to the full emne, it declares lbiteiture extend- j
in" hejond ihe hve> oftlit-;;uiliy parties; \\horu s the Con- |
pftiition of the United States deeiates that 'no attainder I
shall work coiruption of blood oi forfeiture except dm mg
the life of the pet-on attainted.' Ttuc, there is to be no :
{oim.il attainder m tins cum? ; ml! 1 think the cre.-uei pun- |
uhment cannot he constitutionally unlisted, in a different i
fonn, lor the ^t'lic < lfon<e.
"1 ma-\ icm.irk that the p:ovi>i on of the Coi>«titniion.p iJ
jn laminate borrowed fiom Great Britain, applies o'il\ m 1
this countiv, as I understand, to icul oi landed estate."
After the President, having this confiscation act
under consideration, had, as he says to Congress,
ptepared this message to veto it, because it was
unconstitutional, as purporting to take away, as
pait punishment of treason, a greater estate in
lands than a life estate, Congress passed the reso-
lution explanatory of the confiscation act, and
sent it to the President; and the language of the
explanatory resolution now in question I beg
leave to read again:
"Nor shall any punishment or proceeding under said act
be so construed as to work a forfeiture of the real estate of
the offender beyond his natural life."
After Congress had passed and the President
had approved that act and the explanatory resolu-
tion, he returned them to Congress, using this lan-
guage in his message returning them with his
approval:
" Consider! ng the bill for1 An act to suppress insurrection,
to punish trea>on and rebellion, to seize and confiscate thu
property ofrcbote, and for other purposes,' and the joint res-
olution explanatory ot said act as being substantially one,
I have approved and signed both."
So that we have from the President a statement,
first, that any attempt by Congress or by the law-
making power, to make as a part punishment of
treason the forfeiture of a greater estate in lands
than a life estate of the offender, would be uncon-
stitutional; and secondly, that he only approved
the act because he regarded the joint resolution,
now proposed to be changed, a part of the act,'
And as the law now stands, there is no doubt that
the forfeiture incurred as to the real estate of the
traitor is only of his life estate. Believingas I do
that that is as far as we can affect real estate as a
partpunishmentof treason, 1 deem it wise toallow
the law to stand. I agree with the President that
the tiue construction of the Constitution is that
we luive not power to cut off the inheritance of
innocent heirs as part punishment for treason.
But it is said by the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee that he only proposes to amend by
substituting the language of the Constitution,
which I suppose is claimed to be different in con-
struction fiom that now contained m the resolu-
tion. Now, I submit to the House, and I submit
it with great earnestness, but with gieat defer-
ence, whether it is wise to change the law as it
stands. It has been said, it was urged upon ug
in committee, or at least it was suggested, that
one judge had held that the language of the Con-
stitution eould be so construed as to forfeit the
real estate forever of the guilty traitor. But I
submit to the House that it is at least a very doubt-
ful question whether the language of the Consti-
tution can be fairly so construed. The language
of the Constitution is, " but no attainder of trea-
son shall work corruption of blood or foifeitnre,
except dm ing the life of (he person attainted." 1
agree with the President that by this language the
Constitution restrains us from forfeiting the land
forever. It seems tome this is entirely clear; but
if the question is a doubtful one, I submit to the
gen (lemon whether it is ever wise to make our laws
so that there may be a grave doubt whether they
are constitutional or not. Is it wise, particularly
upon a subject like this, where the judgment of
the Court below is to be in refei ence to the title of
real estate, to put the law in such a shape that it
will be doubtful in its moaning, one judge con-
struing it in one way and another judge in another
way ?
Let it be remembered that the court which is
first to pass upon this law, which is to condemn
the pioperty and order it to be sold—and under
its judgment it must be sold—is an inferior court,
constituted by a single judge. If he holds, upon
this equivocal question, made equivocal by Con-
gress itself-by the proposed amendment, that the
fee passes, the party purchasing so believes. But
there will be a right of review, and in testing that
question yeat s hence by heirs in t he eoui t above,
the court may certainly hold that only a life es-
tate can be condemned and sold, and thereby the
purchaser will be involved m the misfoitune of
losing what he paid.
If, on the contrary, the coui t below should hold
that only a life estate can be condemned and sold,
it will sell for only a small sum. If on review
theie should be a judgment the other way the pur-
chaser makes a great speculation out of the Gov -
et n me i it by getting the whole lee, when lie only bid
and paid for n life estate. I submit whether it is
wise for the law-making power to make an amend-
ment for the purpose ofmaking the act, now clear,
doubtful. *
Again—and I ask the attention of every fair
man to decide this for himself—if we had the con-
stitutional power to take away foievcr the es-
tate in land, would it be wise to do so? I sub-
mit that the punishment for treason, like the pun-
ishment for every other crime, should fall upon
the guilty party only, and that we should not seek
to affect his innocent children and heirs. Take
away from the guilty party his hfe estate, his right
to dispose of it, but do not take away the right of
inheritance from the innocent heirs, who will show
themselves loyal, else they never will have the
right to come in court and ask to be heard.
I submit again, if there is a desire to press this
matter through now, that this,law and joint res-
olution are and speak as one law as they stand;
that the law could not have been passed but from
the fact that the joint resolution was made a part
of it. The act was amended in accordance with
the President's suggestion of what itoughtto be.
JNow, repeal the joint resolution, or so amend it
that it speaks anew from this time, and how will
it affect men who have been guilty of treason
since July, 1862, when the law was enacted? At
least it will raise very embarrassing questions in
reference to proceedings now pending, because
tiie rule is that if you repeal a penal law all
proceedings under it, not completed before the
repeal, fall.
But, sir, allow me to make another suggestion,
and i do it with a desire as earnest as man can
entertain that we should act wisely for the res-
toration of this Union and the upholding of this
Government. I am in favor of energetically wield-
ing the powers of the Government to overthrow
and put down organized rebellion and armed reb-
els; and yet, sir, I do believe that if we love our
country, if we hope to see our people ever again
living peacefully under a united Government, we
should toward the masses of the people in the re-
bellious States hold out every inducement which
the Government honorably can hold out to induce
them to desert the secession leaders, to lay down
their arms, and come back to their allegiance to the
Constitution and the laws; anditseemsto me that
one great inducement would be that the Govern-
ment had not taken away from the masses of the
people the right of their children to inherit their
lands, or their own right, if they lay dowft their
arms and comply with such amnesty as the Gov-
ernment may deem it wise to offer, to buy back
cheaply the life-estate which they have lost. If
we forfeit the lands of the masses of the people
forever, if we make the law stich that the courts
hold that the lands are sold to purchasers forever,
do we not put the Government in a position where
they cannot hold out, not to the leading instiga-
tors and actors in the rebellion, but to the great
masses of the people of the South, the inducement
which 1 think it would be wise to hold out to them
to induce them to desert those leaders and tocome
back to the old Government, under which we
must hope at least to bring the great mass of them*,
because no man, I take it, desiiesto exterminate
the great mass of that people? Sir, let me sug-
gest again that if we attempt to sell these lands
in fee, if we leave the law in such shape that the
courts will be enabled so to construe it—though I
do not think they rightfully can, or that they ulti-
mately will—you will have the rightsof purchas-
ers intervening to embarrass the Federal Govern-
ment in any scheme of amnesty which they may
think wise and proper to hold forth to the masses
of the people of the South for the purpose of es-
tablishing proper relations between them and the
Government under the Constitution; to embarrass
the Government in its efforts to restore its civil
authority after we have overthrown the armed
rebels and brought to punishment the leaders who
have instigated and acted in this attack on the
authority of the Government.
I trust for these reasons, which I have not at-
tempted to aigue, but merely to state briefly, the
House will not pass this absolution, or at least
they will allow us to have it printed and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, so that gentlemen may examine it care-
fully, for believe me we are all deeply interested,
both for the present and for the future, in acting
wisely and piudently in refei ence So this matter.
If it is in "rder, and if the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary will permit me, I will
move or will ask him to move that the resolution
be punted and postponed to some future day for
consideration, or that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
whoie thcie will bo no disposition to oppose or
