1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2207"
the third time; and on the question,Si Shall the bill '
pas S?" i
Mr. WILSON and Mr. POWELL railed for !
the yeas and nays, and they wore ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 9; as fol-
lows:
YEAS— Anthony, Chandler, Cimk, Collamer,
C'linic^, Dixon, Doohttle, Fess'enden, Foot, Foster,Hale,
Harlan, Howaid, Howe, John>>on, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kan-as, Morgan. Moirill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
^piaguu, Suiimcr, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle.
Wiikin-on. Willey, and Wilson—3U.
NAY S—Meters. Buekalew. Cowan, Davis, Grimes, Hen-
dcison, Powell, Richaidson, Riddle, and ^aulsbury—9.
ABSENT—Moms. fliown, Catlile, Harding, Harris,
Hendricks, Iheks.McDougal I, Nesmith, Wade, ami Wiight.
So the bill was passed. '
OPERATIONS OF GENERAL BUTLEIl.
Mr. WILSON (during the day) sent the fol-
lowing dispatch to the desk, which was read:
Hfadquaktkks in the Fihi-u,
Nkar Bkumuda Landing, May 0,3861.
Hon Edwin M. Stanton, Secrclmy of War:
Our operations may be dimmed up in a lew wordj.
With seventeen hundred cavahy we have advanced up
the Peninsula, loicod the Chickahonuny, and have safely
brought them to our p:e-ent position. These ueie colored
cavalry, and are now holding our advanced pickets towaid
Richmond. Gencial Kautz, with thiee thousand cavalry
fiom tfuli'olk, on the same day with oui movenu ni up James
river, foiced the Blackwater, bunted the uulioad budge at
sMony eieek below Petering,cuttingin two Beiuiifgunt's
toK'OJU that point, and i* now opeiaung asjani-.} liicks--
tbrd and Weldon. We have landed lieie, iniieuched our-
selves, de>i roved man}' units ol laihoad, and sot a position
which with pioper supplies we can hold oft! against the
whole ol LeeV aimv. 1 have oideied up the Mipplie.-.
Beauiegaid with a laige porlion ol hi- command \v;ib lelt
Houth by the cutting ol the laihoad by Kautz. That por-
tion \ylnch reached Petci-hntg nndcr'fiiil I have whipped
to-da>, killing and wounding many, and takimr many pu^-
ojiet>, aftui a seveie and well-contested light, General
Giant will not he troubleil \\ if h any limber icniloicenienhi
to Lee lrom Beaurcgaid** ioieer..
BENJAMIN P. BUTLER,
Major General.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced thai the
House of Representatives had passed the bill of
the Senate (No. 172) concerning the disposition
of convicts in the courts of the United States, for
the subsisting of persons confined m jaiU chaigcd
with violating the laws of the United States, and
for diminishing the expenses in lelation thereto.
The message fui ther announced thntthe House
of Representatives had agreed to the resolution of
the Senate for the appointment of a select joint com-
mittee to examine into the present mode of light-
ing, heating, and ventilating the Senate Chamber
and the Hall of the House of Representatives,
and had appointed Mr. Justin S. Morrill of
Vermont, Mr. N. B. Smithkrs of Delaware, and
Mr. James E. English of Connecticut, the com-
mittee on its part.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Bucicallw, Mr. Howard, and Mr. llendeitbon
to constitute the committee on the pait of the
Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that ihe Piesi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed
on the 6th instant the following act and joint res-
olution;
An act (H. R. No. 119) to regulate the admeas-
urement of tonnnge of ships and vessels of the
United States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 69) for the pay-
ment of volunteers called out for not less than
one hundred days.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 10, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer j
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing. j
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved. |
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. j
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid !
before the House a letter from the Secretary of j
the Navy, in answer to a resolution of the House j
of the 2d of May, in regard to the rebel ram I
which recently participated in the rebel attack on
Plymouth; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
VENTILATION OF TUB IIALL, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a concurrent resolution of the
Senate for the appointment of a joint select com-
mittee in relation to the heating, ventilation,&cM
of the Senate Chamber and the Hall of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the House con-
cur, and that the Speaker be authorized to ap-
point a committee of three upon the part of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Morrill, Mr. Smithers, and Mr. English as
such committee on the part of the House.
DISPOSITION OF CONVICTS, ETC.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judiciary
a bill (S. No. 172) concerning the disposition of
convicts in the courts of the United States, for sub-
sisting of persons confined in jails charged with
violating the laws of the United States, and for
diminishing the expenses in reference thereto;
which was ordered to be read a third time, was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.'
The latter motion was agreed to.
TOWNS IN NEW MEXICO, ETC.
Mr. PEREA, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of the towns and villages
in the Territories of Now Mexico and Arizona;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
feried to the Committee on Public Lands.
A. RUSSELL.
On motion of Mr. WHALEY, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of A. Rus-
sell, and the same was referied to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
LOGAN TIIURSTON.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on the Judi-
cial y, reported a bill for the relief of Logan Thurs-
ton; which way lead a fust and second time, re-
feried to a Committee of the Whole, and oidered
to be printed.
PAY OF DISTRICT POLICE.
Mr. MORRIS, ofOhio, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Revoked. That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to impute into the expediency of lepou-
iinr a bill lequuing the city <nuhoutie-« ot (he cities of Wash-
ington and Geoigeiown to levy a tax sulhcient to increase
the pay o! the metiopolitan police of said cities to eighty
dollais per month.
BRANCH MINT AT SAN FRANCISCO.
On motion of Mr. SHANNON, by unanimous
consent, bill of the Senate No. 17(j, authorizing the
erection of buildings for the branch mint at San
Fiancisco, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time by us title, and re-
feried to the Committee of Ways and Means.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I now demand
the rcguiai older of business.
The House resumed, as the regular older of
business, the consideration of the contested-elec-
tion case fiom the seventh congiessional district
of Missouri of Bruce vs. Loan.
Mr. BRUCE, (contestant.) Having been in
the House from the commencement of the ses-
sion, I am fully aware of the great amount of
public business yet to be transacted; and I am also
well aware of the great anxiety of members to
complete it, and their desire to gut home. For my
part, I proposed to the sitting member that we
should submit the case on the report of the com-
mittee. lie did not see lit to do that, and declined
the olFer. 1 do not cast any censure upon him,
because he thought it his duty in view of the re-
port of the majonty of the committee that he
should be heard. 1 am as anxious as any gentle-
man on this floor that but little time shall be j
taken up in the consideration of this case, and I
do not feel that I am at all responsible for the con-
sumption of time; and I hope the House will not
have any feeling of prejudice against this con-
testcd-election case, either against myself or the
sitting member, on account of the time that has
been consumed in* the discussion.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am not here with any idle claim.
I am not here—in the language of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. L.Myers]—41 with"the
baldest claim that ever came before this House/'
I have seen a similar statement published almost
verbatim made by a newspaper correspondent from
this city . I am satisfied that there is an incorrec*
impression upon the part of the House in reference
to this case. I am satisfied that when gentlemen
here come to hear me, and when they examine
all the facts in connection with the case, they will
be far from coming to the conclusion the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania did, that this is an effort
to dislodge a loyal man from his seat and put in
his place by another election a disloyal man*
When they shall have heard of the relative posi-
tionsofthegentleman and myself during all these
troubles, they will arrive at a far different con-
clusion.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am here to assert a right and to
ask the American Congress to redress a great
wrong. According to the forms of our Govern-
ment other wrongs can be redressed in the courts
of the country, but the only redress that I have in
this case is in the Congress of the United States,
$nd I trust that the House will bring to the con-
sideration of the case that degree of candor, fair-
ness, and impartiality that their high position de-
mands of them. I sav to you that the arguments
that have been used here, the ad captandum xrnl-
gum that has been employed on the part of mem-
bers of this House, would not do before a justice's
court in my section of the country. Gentlemen
have endeavored to evade the real issue and to
determine the whole case upon a point which was
at the very start a pretext that these military gen-
tlemen availed themselves of in order to place
themselves in power. This House owes it not
only to my district but to the loyal State of Mis-
souri that whatever wrong is shown to have been
done shall be redressed. You are the sole tribunal
that can doit. The Committee of Elections was
the first committee ever organized under this
Government. It stands at the head of the com-
mittees of this House. 1 have no other place in
which to seek redress. If 1 shall come before an
American Congress composed of loyal men and
fail to obtain that redress it will weaken the con-
fidence of my State m your fairness and justice.
1 tell you that the election, conducted as it was,
was a great outrage on the elective franchise. I
never doubted that an impartial Congress, as I
believed this body would be, would furnish me
ledress. You owe it to Missouri, a loyal State
which has proved her loyalty, to redress this
wrong.
At the outbreak of this rebellion Missouri had
a traitorous Governor and a traitorous Legisla-
ture. The Legislature called a convention, which
convention met, and it was the only convention
convened during all these troubles that kept, a
State in theUmon; and to-day Missouri can well
be proud of the services she has rendered to the
Union; divided as her community was and dis-
tracted by different interests, she stood firmly by
the Union; she has furnished sixty thousand sol-
diers to the volunteer army of the United States,
besides eighty regiments of militia. I tell you,
gentlemen, that your decision in this case will
have gieat influence in the State of Missouri.
There is a remarkable fact conncctcd with this
case. While the minority of the Committee of
Elections have been remarkably particular in all
they have said in reference to my non-conformity
with the strict rules as laid down in the act of
1851, while they hold me to the strict rules of
evidence, yet, sir, the vety gentlemen who made
that repoit have themselves gone off on an issue
based upon testimony taken outside of the act of
1851, and in violation of the rules of evidence and
of law. The act of Congiess of 1851 in reference
to taking testimony in a contested-election case,
states ii that the testimony shall be confined to the
proof and disproof of the allegations in the notice
of the contestant and in the answer of the sitting
member.'5 1 gave the sitting member notice,and
stated the grounds of my complaint, and in his
answer he denied all of my allegations, and pro-
