2208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10.
posed no new ground except in regard to the
oath. I have shown that I took the oath accord-
ing to law, and yet the sitting member has never
proved that he took the oath prescribed by the
ordinance of the convention. 1 know that several
gentlemen who have spoken on this matter have
stated that the ofBceis at the court-house election
precinct did not comply with the ordinance by
taking the oath prescribed by the convention.
The testimony shows that I took the oath, yet
the sitting member has not yet shown that he
took the oath. The Secretary of State and At-
torney General have stated that it is not neces-
sary for members of Congress to take the oath.
Whether the sitting member 1ms taken it or not,
it is in the testimony that I took the oath pre-
scribed by the convention.
The sitting member in his answer did not state
that rebel sympathizers voted for me, but it is
alleged that all those who were driven from the
polls were rebel sympathize)s. Yet the whole
case is made to turn on the testimony taken out-
side of the rules of law and of evidence; and I am
satisfied that it will have more influence on the
whole case than anything else. It is alleged that
those who were excluded were rebel sympathiz-
ers who were not entitled to vote.
In the State of Missouu the convention which
assembled in 1862 fixed additional qualifications
for voters, and I will beglad if thcCieik will read
the oath.
The Clerk read, as follows:
<c |-} ^ (|(, solemnly xwenr for affirm, as tlx'
case tuav he) that I will suppoii, pioiert. and defend the
Con-uituuon (il the touted Htufe- and flic constitution of
the Ht.itf of Mi-soun a^ain-t ;il! enemies and opposes,
whether dome-tic oi loieign; that I will beat lute faith,
loyalty, and allegiance to the United Slate--, and wiil not,
dneeth in uidncetly, give aid and comlori or countenance
to the enemies oi oppo-eis fheteol, or ot tin: piovi-ional
government of the Slate o! iMs^oun, any otdinance, l,nv,
or le.-oluliou of any Slate con\ enlion oi Li gi-latm e, oi any
Older or oiganizafion, secret or otherwi-e, to tin1 ooiiliaiv
notwithstanding ; and thai J do tin.- wilh a lull and houe-t
dotenninaiion, pledge, and purpose, laithlully to keep and
pet I'oim the same, wulion! any mental i o-ei vat ion o 1 evasion
whaievei. And 1 do iinHxr M>h innly -weai (oi afiiiia)
that I have not. Miieethe I "5 th da\ ot Decemhei, A. I). Ibfil,
WilHully talieu up amis or h'\led wai a«auM tin: United
Slate- oi amaui-f ihr pro\ i-mnal ifoveiumont of the Stale
oi\Mi.—oun. So help me ( od
Mr. 1UIUCK. Mr. Speaker, I am not hero to
argue anything to this House in reference to the
fact of disloyal votes. Duuug the canvass I ad-
dressed myself to the loyal men of the district. I
stated distinctly, in all my speeches, that the re-
bellion was causeless and unpiovoked by any op-
pression on the putt of the General Government,
and denounced secession, i know that the im-
pression is sought to be produced hen; that I was
supported by tiie votes of disloyal men, but I will
show that the contiary is the case.
Let us look at what has been the practice in
the other Slates. We know very well that it was
deemed necessary, or a! least it was done, that
the general in command issued ordeis in reference
to the elections in several States List year, in ad-
dition (o the rules pu-sriibcd i>y law. In Ken-
tucky Geneial Bumside issued an order thatdiv
loyal j)( rsons should not vote, and nobody ques-
tions the right of the menibcix fiorn that State
sitting heie und< r that election. The ehaiiman
of the Committee on Mihiaiy Aiiaits, [Air.
Seni'.nck, ] then in command of the depnt tment of
which .Maryland is a part,issued an ouler in ref-
erence to the election in that State. 1 am not
here to inquire info the propriety or impiopnety
of these orders. A like oider was issued by
General Sehofieid in Mismiiiii.
The following were union issued previous to
the congressional election in IHIJJ m Mnssouii:
[Ocncral Oidei-. No t.*> ]
Ilr.ADQt; \nn St vi i' of Mih-oriu,
Ai>jc r vsT (Ji> \nt v r.*s 04 i ier.
Sr Lurid, 0'toh: i •).!, I *t>\>.
I. A general elecl n>n i-lo take place tinouuhout the Slate
tl)< fir-i Tilled.iv in Yovembei neu.
Tin- i- the Itl-f attempt of the people to c];oo-e then ol-
fieei - Miiee the \\ ar ot tin- tebehion commem ed. J twill
he iti! o<;< a-ion win n amjij ;><t—;on*. c\cited hv the war.
inurhl piodu'N; -tni<\ and pievenl lln/lnM c vpies-to.i of tin;
popnlai w;il in 'in- - lec.uou oi olheeix.
'I'Mt• eoiiM'iiti«>u ha- piovide<l In otdinance that even
\ otri -nail, !a (oi .• votniL'. t .sk'' a pio-oi ibed o.ul). a .id that
no \ok.' i he ( ountt'd in lavoi of an> eatididale for a
Stale o, cosinh ofln miles- in* ^-hail have taken an oalh
ja *ei ,!"•<! h>: ( <uni;i) ue- 1 m owhiianee or iiit; conven-
tion heavv penalties upon thofe who tucethe oath
fa!-el\. These aie ihe 'ifiuiN]< wiueh Ihe convention
has judged nece-.-aiy to keep unfaithful and di-loya! pet-
fcon-ltom exerei -iter power fn Tin Stale. The} aie -ufli-
I eient. No person inu-f he allowed to intcrfeie with the
, fieedom oj' tho-^e (jualitied to vote nucha this ordinance,
i The enrolled nnhtia hemp citizens of the Slate, and veiy
I neai 1 > all en?itied hvn<*p lo vote, will doubtless 1>° generally
I at placec of voting. They are a body organizedfoi the pu>*-
! popft ot prevenfintr violation' of the'Jaw* ot the State, and
I they all know that it e^ential to the maintenance of om
! Government that all qualified votej.s shall be allowed, with-
! out molestation of any kind, to cal their votes as they
j pleas-C.
I ! f. It i« required of all officers and men of the enrolled
militia that they keep perfect order at the polls on the day
ot election, and' that they .see that no peison is either kept
i'lom the poll' by intimidation, or m any way interfered with
in voting at the polls, for whatever candidate he may choose.
HI. ]f any officer or private shall either interfere with
the rights oi voten, or comuenanee such inteiference by
otheis. it will be Heated a< a high militaiy offense, and pun-
j i-hed with the utmost ri«or.
| IV. Whenever theie is any reason to apprehend any in-
! terference with the election on the part o£ bainH of «nier-
I rillas, the eoitunanding otlh-er of ihe nearest regiment will
■ detail a suflieient loice to pievent any such interference,
; and station it where there js apprehended danger.
j V. In ea-o of di-lurbance ansing which cannot be ar-
! rented by the civil authonties, any eomnus.sioned officer
pie-sent i* heiehy oulered, at the leque^t oi any judire, sher-
iff, or ju-tiee <.-t the peace, to u-o the necessaiy milit<uy
force to siijipte«^ it.
VI. Commanding officers of the enrolled Mispomi militia
me hereby dnectud lo t>ee that the toregoiug oulers aie
btuotly obeyed.
Jiy order of the connnarider-in-chicf:
WfLUAM D. WOOD,
Jicliitg JitljuluiU Genet al Mi*soui i.
[Geneial Ouh'is, No. 33.]
nradqu.vkti'Rs Si:vi'.ntii Military District,
Ht. .Iosfvh, Missouri, November I, 166*2.
The attention ot all officers and soldier- of the nuhtia of
tin-- di-fi let is called to Geneial Oidet No. '13. dated u Jlead-
quarter-* Stale ol Miss<Min, Adjutant (ienei.tl's otliee, St.
Loui<, October 23, JSo2,,J with letcrenee to the eleeiion
on Tuesday n< M. The militaiy should lieai in nund lhat
I hey at e not the judges oi the qua! itie.u ions ol voter-. That
duty is devolved bylaw on ihe judge ol the election. Jf
these officers eifhei admit nripioper pei-ons to vote, oi ex-
elude piop'U peison-- liom voting, the rt.unte-ol this State
piovidean auqde icinedv. The militia will cauMtilh ah
stain hom all aer< e.iteulated lo inteiivre with tin* frc<'dom
of eleeiion. All oliieei s who inleiieie uilh ilienglil- of
vot.'is will hercpoited to the cotum.indei-in-ehieL to be
dealt wilh as he may decide. All soldieis giuh> oi the
same oflense will be jnim.-hed a.s a eouit-mamal shall de-
ternillie.
liy order of Bngadier Geneial Wilhud P. Hall:
I:LVVOOI) ICIUBV,
rfisistaut shljutcmf Geneial.
The commanders issued these oi dets, and in my
ease thesoldiers did, m violation of these orders,
undertake to decide who should vote and who
should not.
There was an attempt to carry this ease by
storm, by making a false issue, and hy using
the military force. Tiie military office is, who
were candidates themselves, in all the counties
used their power to defeat me. These military
men, who had been in the service but three months
and had never seen an enemy, weie anxious to
i!rt a leward for their piowess, though they hud
never ileshed their swords or seen the enemy,
and from my knowledge of these candidates they
novel will be in «t light. The whole election was
carried by military control, and in violation of
the orders of the department commander I ask
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Air.
SciikxckJ if he would have allowed his military
orders to be disobeyed as General Schofiohrs
were in my district? 1 am satisfied he would not
have peimitfed it, and I know the sense of jus-
tice of this House will allow to AliShOun and to
her department commanclei the same light Lo de-
termine who wu.i and who was not a "voter. I
tell you, gentlemen, you who are in a majority
heie, that you aie committed to a principle which
you have voted this session; to let men vote who
lepent and take the oath. I will ha\e the Cleik
read what you have committed yourselves to. I
refer to the bill introduced by thegeiitleman from
Alaiylandj [A'lr. Dams,] and which you voted
tor the othei day. |
j The Cleik read, as follows:
<:Sr< . -2.  'Jm/ '•<- 'A / nbn'i cnu<Jr<!, I'nat -o <oon as the
nuhlatN 11 -i-rnie e to Jic Tuned Stale*' .-h.ill have Im-v.ii
: -uppies-etl III an\ -uch Stale, and the people theieot -hall
haw -inheienth i etui tied lo i heir obedience to the Consti [
, niii'ni a.nil tin* law*, oi Hn I'nied State*-, the piovinonul '
1 trovoi imh -h.ill duecf the m<i' >h.tl ot the lTmted Stat<'-, as ■
spiedd\ as ma\ be, io name a siifheu nf numhej ot depti- '
lie-;, ami to enmli all white mate cni/.eiis ot the United j
State-* ie-id< nt in tne Stat« in their 11 j pec live counties, t
; ,ind to re.|iie-t ea-di one to lake the oath to suppoit the ,
Con-tituiion oi th" LT'iiteil Slate-, and ni hi- e.noilment to !
. dcsiMnale those ho take and iho-e v\ !io lei'u-t to take that
i oath, which roll- -hall lie toithwnh letuined to The piovis-
1 loiial governor; and if the pei-on< taking that oath shall
; amount lo a majonty oi the pej.-ons enioiled in the Sf.ite
i he -liali, by proclamation, umte the lojal people of the
State to eloct. delegate* to a convention charged to declare
the will of the people of the State lelntive to the reestab-
h^hrnent of a State government, subject to and m con-
{oinufy with the Constitution of the United Slate?!."
Air. BRUCE. I confess that I have failed to
address the Speaker, as I should have done. I have
been addressing gentlemen upon this fcide of the
House; forgentlemen upon the otherside, belong-
ing to the old historical party which i have fought
for thirty long years, are all right upon this ques-
tion. The Saviour said He "came not to call the
righteous, but sinners to repentance;" hence I am
addressing the Republican side%of the House, wiio
have the power.
Mr. GRINNELL. Does the gentleman say
all the sinners are upon this side?
Mr. BRUCE. Well, I think they need some
preaching to. I want to carry enough of you
gentlemen on this side to join the gentlemen on
the other side to put the sitting member out of
this House.
Mr. GRINNELL. Are they all right oyer on
that side'
Mr. BRUCE. From manifestations I have seen
they are all right. But I appeal to no party here,
and the chairman of the Committee of Waysand
Means knows that ! am smart enough to know
justhowthismatterstands. [Laughter ] To oust
the sitting member I must get some Republican
votes. 1 have lead to you the bill by which you
have committed yourselves to allow men to vote
who repent and take the oath of allegiance. The
oath of the convention is that they have neither
given aid nor comfort to the enemy.
There have been a great many piominentmen
in my State who have, during the troubles,.ex-
pressed sentiments of disloyalty,-and for the edi-
fication of the House I desire to say that some
of those gentlemen now say they are as radical
as any in the eountiy. One of the most distin-
guished men of that class is ex-Governor Stew-
ait, ol Missouri, and I desire to read his senti-
ments here, because during the canvass 1 wronged
him. No man now stands higher as a radical
than Governor Stewart. I ask the Cleik to lead
wh.it 1 send to the desk.
Tiie Cleik read, as follows:
" It is meot, too, that ihes-p. noithern fanatics, who have
no sympathies foi anything but Alucan slaves, and who
have -iih-ntu -d for moials and religion a vile .system of
ne^iopluliMii, which culminates m all the crimes andlior-
lous ot amalgamation, should remember 'the pit fiorn
which they have been duu;,' and the sins that still cling to
then skut*:. The s.tle of then slaves ougmally furnished
capital tojstart ma riu fact mien, and the labor of these slaves or
then defendants .still keeps theirspmdles tin niti?. While
the\ .-lied tear- ol hj poci meal sonow over the fancied-uf-
t< iiiur- of the slave.- on the cotton and biiisar plantation:*,
thev -,'ize with .1 nu-eigieed upon the ptodueis of their
labm, and Moll ihe sweet moi-el under then tongues.'
They move heaven and eat Hi to rescue a fugitive hum the
hand-' of hi- ii^bttul ownei, and fit out and man tlnee
loin th-: of ail the tdave-ahip-* that piowl about the Aftican
coa.-t."
Al r. IjRUCE. These are the sentiments ofGov-
ei nor Stewart, as set forth in his farewell message
to the Legislatute of Missouri. Now, duiing all
these troubles 1 have never known North or South,
East or West, but have gone for my whole coun-
tiy.
1 aho give an extract from the speech of Hon.
John B. HnxDnusox, now a Senator of the Uni-
ted States, and the mover of the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery in the United
States. It was made tn the Missouii State con-
vention on the 1:3th of Ajaich, 3861:
'• JJtit we ;ue told that propeity is m^ecuie in this coun-
ny. Ju-t one woid in reguid to that, if you plea-e 1 am
\s ilhiiL' lo admit, and i do adnul, and not only do I admit
hut I now lake octa-iou to bay, that foi inan\ yeaif in the
noiihein State- a dangerous teeliug has been uiowingup
antagonistic to the in-litutioti- of the South. The Repub-
lican paify has been siuppoueti by men vvno have enunci-
ati d heiesiesj dangerous to the lights of the South, and the
R< pubh< <ui paitj' inu;t get ud of ih.it i lass oi men. They
mu-r dive-t theui-eives ot them forevei and ever, oi el-«\
in in}' hone,-t judgment, it their views are cat i ted out, we
nut} not he a-ked to le-oit to -ece.-M<in as a coietuuuonul
lemedy, but m,ij be compelled to letjit to the mote d.in-
geioiis doetiine ot levohmou.
'• 1 am not afiaid. mi, lo announce the propo-ujon thai,
if ihe do<_ tune- of Wcnd'.ll i'lnllip? ami Lhn d (-.\uii-ou aie
to no the do'-ume- oftlii- country.caul the slare. pnjmtution
of the ''outhci~n States should he tinned luO'-e (>y Federal en-
uUment*. I do not lie^.t-ifc to say. nor do I suppose the peo-
ple ol the State ot Mi-s-ouri would hesitate a moment to -ay,
thai in lhat ea-e it would be be tier to report to the icvola-
tionmy light—the last icmhloi'utjuied man—andiighttheui-
sclv- at the point oi the bajom.t." 1-5
By such sentiments us these have the people
been mistdught and led astiay.
I will now read the language of the sitting
