8184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22.
the same reason I oppose the exemption of these
obligations. I hope that the House will cease
from this day forward toexemptsuch obligations
from taxation. The people are reaay and willing
to pay whatever taxes are necessary, but they
will insist that taxation shall bear equally upon
all classes and upon all kinds of property. Par-
tial legislation in thisrespectisparticularly unjust.
Mr. M ALLORY. i move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] by inserting the words " authorized to be
issued by this act;" so that it will read, "and
all bonds, Treasury notes, and oiher obligations
of the United Status authorized to be issued by
this act." As an abstract question 1 agree with
both gentlemen from New York [Messrs. Gan-
son and Pomeroy] in all they havo said against
the policy of exempting United States bonds from
State and municipal taxation. Yet I can see
now the subjecting the bonds provided for in this
bill to taxation—leaving the bonds heretofore is-
sued exempted—would have the effect of embar-
rassing the Government by rendering their sale
in the maikct difficult. If I could get rid of the
impression that a due icgard to the honor of the
Government would prevent us doing it I would
vote now for a proposition to remove the exemp-
tion winch these bond's enjoy from taxation. But
I consider that a closed question. We have
adopted that policy, it is settled and fixed. Ali
the bonds of the Government heretofore sold, by
which money has been raised to carry on this
war, are now, by the provisions of the law, ex-
empt from taxation. And it would be an invid-
ious discrimination against the batch of bonds
proposed to be issued under the bill to provide
that they shall be subject to taxation. It maybe
possible, as has been suggested by some poisons,
that the wary and astute gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] may aim at something
else than the mere exemption of these bonds from
taxation by the phraseulogy used in tins bill. 1
do not charge this upon him, I do not say that
I havo even a suspicion that he entei tains such a
purpose. I merely suggest that it is within the
langeof possibility that studi a thing is contem-
plated.
Mr. HOOPER. When the gentleman from
Kentucky offered his amendment I rose to say
that ( concurred in it, and that I thought it should
be put in the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I recant everything
that 1 said, tor it is impossible to euspcot the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts of any such motive.
My proposition would put the matter on thetiue
giound, would put therve bonds on an equality
with all the oih< r bonds of the Government, and
would be nothing but just. [jepeat that if i was
satisfied that to do so would not be a breach of
faith on tlie pail of the Government, I would be
willing to go lor an act repealing the law exempt-
ing these bonds from taxation.
Mr. KEUNAN. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky wh.-ther, because we exempt some of
these bonds from taxation we mu.stgoon contin-
uously until, as has been said by my colleague,
[Mr. I'oMMiOYjj all the wealth of the States sdmll
be exempt from taxation? I ask him whether it
would not be bett< v to euie the evil by raising
even the rate of inteioht.
Mi. MALLORY. Pei imps that would be bet-
ter, but no one has suggest! d that the iaie of in-
teiesf should he incieased m this bill. I take the
bill as it stands. x\Iv argument is addressed to
the existing state oi facts. Still I contend that,
however desitable it may be io stop tins piacuce,
I do not see how, with any propnety, it can be
done, unle.vs we go back, retiace our steps, and
conect our previous legislation on the subject.
But there is an obstacle u> tluu couise, which u is
very difficult to get over: thut is, the plighted
fuiih ot tlie Government. As a member of the
House I have voted against every bill exempting
Government bomfs fiom State an'd municipal tax-
ation. The sm, if it be one, does not he at my
door. My skirts are clear. The pledge was
given not with rriy consent hut against my re- '
monstianco. JJut I am un wiihng, at this late day, i
when tin- Government is m need of the money I
that is to be raised by this bill, to say to the Gov- !
eminent vimmi/y that it may self these bonds but i
that its *ight will bo restricted in such a way as 1
to render U impossible to get purchasers for tiiese I
bond*. j
Mr. ItERNAN. There is one suggestion that
I desire to make in reply to what has been said
by the gentleman from Kentucky. All that I
could say as to the general policy of the meas-
ure has been very well said by other gentlemen.
But I may be pardoned forcalling attention to this
now, as I did it once before, from the fact that I
have been personally instructed by portions of
my constituents, irrespective of party ties, to try
and obviate this which they complain of as a
great evil in their midst—the exempting much of
the wealth of the district from its liability to mu-
nicipal and State taxation. Now, it can be rem-
edied without changing the rate of interest. If we
strike out this clause all there will be of it will be
that the Government will realize just so much
less as the State and municipal taxes are esti-
mated at, and it will be better for the Govern-
ment to sell them at a little less in the market and
thus begin to change the character of our bonds
in this respect than to go on in the same way be-
cause others heretofoie issued have been exempted
from taxation, lfsve go on exemptingthesebonds
from State and municipal taxation we shall find
hereafter, as has been said, so much irritation,
annoyance, and odium attached to holding these
bonds in the community that men will hesitate to
take them. It will enable a man with $100,000
invested in Government bonds to enjoy all the
privileges and benefits of State and municipal
governments without bearing any shaie of the
burdens in supporting them.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from New
York will allow me to say that if he will go with
me rrot only in striking out the clause or section
which exempts these bonds from State taxation,
but will also go with me in inserting an additional
section repealing all laws and parts of laws here-
tofore passed exempting the bonds of the United
States from State or municipal authonty, the
bonds will then all bo placed upon the same foot-
ing. So far as I am concerned, having protested
in the outset against the exemption, I do not feel j
myself bound by that action of the House. I do (
not know how gentlemen over on the other side j
of the House who are responsible for it may feel. I
Mr. KERNAN. I will say that in obedience to
instructions from my own constituents 1 intro-
duced a resolution, which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, directing them to in-
quire into tlie expediency of reporting some plan
for the repeal of this legislation exempting the
bonds of the Government fiom taxation by State
or local authorities, or in some other way of ob- J
viatmg the mjmuce which that legislation in-
volves 
Mr. NOULE. I wish to propound to the gen-
tleman tins question. Has the Federal Govern-
ment any power under the Constitution to ex-
empt any propei ty from State taxation, and if so, •
where does that power come from ? 1
Mr. KERNAN. The power has been denied; |
but I did not propose at this time to go into an j
argument upon the constitutional question, or to j
place thus proposition upon that ground at all. ;
I know it lias been said that the power did not i
exist, i believe, also, that there was a case de- I
cided in reference to this matter in which it was i
held that the Government had the power to ex-
empt from taxation all their bonds.
Mr. MALLORY. The decision was, I think, j
that they had power to exempt bank franchises
from taxation.
Mr. KERNAN. However that may be, I do
not propose to place tins pioposiiion upon that
giound. 1 think it is better for the Government \
to make its bonds sufficiently secure; but by pla-
cing them altogether beyond the power of State
Legislatures, oi beyond the power of any local
authorities to tax them, there will be attached to |
them the odium of enabling tlie capitalists who ;
hold them to avoid their fair share of the burdens !
of the State and municipal governments under j
which they live. I am informed that men of I
wealth are jn the habit of purchasing say $50,000 |
of these bonds, of holding them justlong enough ;
to swear them against their taxes, and then soil- !
ing them m market. 1 trust that this clause of j
tlie section will be sti ieken out, and that the bonds !
we are hereafter to issue will be subject to tax- '
atton the same as other property, even if we can-
not change the law in relation to bonds hereto-
fore issued.
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, who has
charge of this bill, to the fact that it has not been
heretofore the uniform custom of the Govern-
ment to exempt its bonds from State arid local
taxation. From the hasty examination I have
been able to give the laws heretofore passed au-
thorizing the issue of bonds, 1 cannot find that
they have been thus exempted prior to the act of
February 25, 1862; and even m respect to that
act I find the language is materially different from
that employed in this bill. That act provides for
the exemption (i of all stocks, bonds, and other
securities of the United States,'' intending mani-
festly not to embrace the legal-tender notes, but
simply the public securities, such as are described
as the permanent debt of the Government.
Mr. HOOPER. What is the page ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Page 346 of the Statutes at
Large. The language here made use of is strik-
ingly different. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts says that he is following precedent, and I
think I present the first one that can be found in
the statutes. It embraces all bonds, stocks, or
other public securities, and here the language is
bonds, Treasury notes, or other obligations of
the United States. It not only applies to those
now out, but to those authorized to be issued by
this act. You have in circulation about two hun-
dred and fifty million dollars of interest-bearing
Treasuiy notes. I believe that the number of
these notes in circulation is not generally known,
but it is not much below two hundred and fifty
million dollars.
Mr. MALLORY. I thank the gentleman from
Indiana for the suggestion. This bill further on
authorizes the issuing of additional fractional cur-
rency, and my amendment would exempt that
from taxation for State and municipal purposes.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not alone additional
fractional currency, but this oill authorizes the
issuing of legal-tender notes to supply the places
of those which arc withdrawn. It was for that
purpose we appropriated the other day $440,000
for nlates. paper, &c.
Beyond all that 1 wish to call attention to this
fact: of these instruments designed to circulate
as currency, as legal-tender notes, #250,000,000
are now out, and §200,000,000 more are provided
by the express terms of this act. All these
$450,000,000 of interest-beaiing Treasury notes
are exempted from taxation for State or munici-
pal putposes. What then? One half of the cur-
rency of the country would be exempt from tax-
ation for State or municipal purposes.
I desire to call attention to a fact independent
of that as an argumpnt in favor of striking out
this provision or anything of the kind, and that
is that it will operate to produce great inequality
of taxation. Take the ruial portion of the coun-
try. There the wealth consists in lands, stock,
and farming implements. The lands are made
valuable year after year by the labor of our citi-
zens. There everything is taxed for State and
municipal purposes as well as for national pur-
poses; not a thing escapes; but in the midstof the
large centers of trade, where capital iscentrahzed
and where the bonds of the Government are hold
in the main, there they are to have extraordinary
advantages, and wealth is to be exempt from tins
taxation. It does not operate equally and fairly;
it throws the burden of taxation heavily upon
the producing classes of our people.
If we commuted an erroron the25th of Febru-
ary, l8G2,itis desirable that that error should not
be perpetuated any longer than is indispensably
necessary, f would increase the rate of interest,
or sell tlie bonds for a correspondingly smaller
amount rather than produce this inequality of tax-
ation. It would then be relieved fiom the objec-
tion that capital is exempted from its share of the
burdens of Government, For if these bonds are
exempted from taxation it must excite great in-
dignation on the part of the people in the agncul-
tuial legions of the country. I firmly believe that
it we strike out that provision in this bill it will
enhance the confidence of the people m the benefi-
cence of the Government more than by anything
else we can do.
Mr. Ch anman, this reaches every citizen. It
makes those who do not hold these bonds feel
that they are compelled to bear a burden that
others are not compelled to bear. For the pur-
poses of my argumentl will state acase. iknow
