1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
of English lawyers have held that so tcanscend-
cnt find unlimited are thelcgisldtive poweis of the
British Parliament that fhey had the power to at-
taint a man after his death, and this power was
frequently exercised by Parliament. The history
of England, especially during the stormy times
of rebellion, or when the Parliament was but the
reflex of the whimsand caprices of some petty ma-
lignant tyrant who forthe time being occupied the
throne, is full of these revolting spectacles where
the supposed offender, after he had gone to his last
account, was exhumed, as it were, from his grave,
and by the omnipotent fiat of Parliament declared
guilty of crimes with which ho was not confronted
or even accused during life. The stain was placed
upon his memory, the blood'was corrupted, and
his innocent posterity robbed of that inheritance
which by the laws of the realm had descended
to and vested in them as the lawful descendants
of their ancestor. A doctrine so monstrous in its
iniquity, so revolting to every sense of right and
justice, could, of course, find no toleration among
a people who loved a free government, and hence
we find among the prominent clauses of onr Con-
stitution that which declares, "JNTo bill of attain-
der or ex post facto law shall be passed."
With this brief and to me (for want of sufficient
time) unsatisfactory sketch of the prominent feat-
ures of the law of treason in Great Britain, whence
we derive the bulk of our civil jurisprudence, we
come now to examine the law-making power of
Congress over the subject, and the penalties which
it is authorized to prescribe for the punishment of
treason. The framers of the Constitution were
fully cognizant of the early history of England in
this respect, and, desiring to avoid the difficulties
and dangers resulting from vague, indefinite, and
frequently corrupt and designing constructions of
what acts should constitute this great crime, wisely
declared that
u Treason against the United Slates f hall consist only in
levying win ngain-t them or hi adhering to their enemie.-,
giving them aid and comfort."
On this subject, the definition of the ciime of
tieason, which so lon^ perplexed the people and
the statesmen of England, we have no difficulty
or trouble. The organic law of the land has de-
clared to every citizen what acts he may commit
with impunity and what acts, if committed, will
call down upon his guilty head the severe penalty
for his crime.
The same sectiontof the Constitution, article
three, section three, which defines the cnmc of
treason, provides that
The >h<i!I have power to dei hue tin' puni-h-
ment of treason; but no atunndet of tie.i-on - hall wmk
conuplion of blood 01 ioileuure except duting the hie of
the pci.-on attainted. 5
Here the power is expressly given to Congress
to punish the crime of treason; but 1 presume no
lawyer would doubt for a moment, in the absence
of this constitutional piovision, that Congiess,as
the law-making luanch of the nation, possessed
this power of providing punishment without any
express grant of the power.
dome object or purpose was then intended by
the framers for thus inserting this pai t of the sec-
tion, and that object unquestionably was, not to
circumscribe the "authority of Congress in pro-
viding punishment, but to limit and rcstiict the
consequences of attuiiider which, at common law,
followed the sentence of death or outlawry. Out
fathcis vvete jealous of political rights and piiv- j
ileges; they lecognizcd to its fullest extent the
doctrine of conferring upon the citizen the largest
liberty compatible with the safety of society: they
had but recently seveicd their connections with
the mother country, and, in the oiganization of a
Government for themselves and their po&triity,
their principal aim was to secure the rights of the
individual against the tyianny of the sovereign
and the capuces or corruptions of :ho I'gislaUne.
Viewed in lb is light, and it is the light ot l euson,
of history, of ex pe tie nee, the adoption < f llkit sec-
tion by the Convention is most natuial. Not that
they supposed for a single moment that without
it Congress would not possess the power of pro-
viding punishment for this crime, but while ex-
pressly granting to Congress this power they at
the same time limited the common-law cffect of a
judgment of attainder, and surrounded it by re-
strictions which they considered necessary forthe
tsafety of the citizen, and to secure him from the
infliction of those barbarous and inhuman pun-
ishments which hod characterized and for Ages
disgracul the criminal history of England.
The whole question, then, of the extent of our
power to provide a punishment for treason which
m our judgment shall be adequate to the suppres-
sion of the crime, rests upon the construction to
be given to the limitation in the clause referred
to. The words of limitation are, " but no at-
tainder of treason shall work corruption of blood
or forfeiture except during the life of the person
atttainted."
This language has as yet in our history received
no authoritative judicial construction; and hence
we can adopt for our guidance the rule laid down
by the Supreme Court in the case of Gibbons ds.
Ogden, 9 Wheaton, p. 209:
"As men whose intentions require no oorteoahnont gen-
erally employ the words winch moft dueetly and aptly ex-
press the. ideas they intend to convey, the enlightened pa-
triots who Iramed our <Jon>tituti<m, and the people who
adopted it. must he understood to have employed words in
then natuial sense, and to have intended what they said.*'
To ascertain the tiuc intent of the framers, the
student naturally turns m the first instance to their
recorded views at the timeof their action, if such
be accessible, in order to throw light upon sub-
jects of doubtful construction, or about the true
meaning of which men may honestly differ in
opinion In examining, however, Eliot's De-
bates of the Convention, we find nothing to nidus
in the solution, and thesame may be said of Mad-
ison's Papers. Either the matter was not the sub-
ject of debate, or, if so, it was regarded as notof
suflicientimpurtance to meritpermanent preserva-
tion.
To piosecute furtherinquiry we consultcontcm-
porancous exposition and the views of comment-
ators whose learning, research, and ability com-
mand attention. Those able political essays,
published during the time of the adoption of the
Constitution by the several States, and denomin-
ated " the Federalist," although full of political
wisdom and a true knowledge of the science of
government, fail to tlnow any light whatever
upon this subject. However desuable it would
have been to the student of constitutional history
to ba\e had the aid and assistance of those who
were, doubtless, familiar with the views of the
memheis of the Convention, yet these are now
vam regrets, and we are left unaided by contempo-
raneous exposition to investigate and conclude
each one for himself.
Docs Congress, then, under the Constitution,
possess the power to punish treason by the abso-
lute toi feiuu e of the property of the traitor? After
a caiefui review of the question, with an examin-
ation of Mich authorities and discussions as were
withni my reach, 1 have no hesitation in unswei-
mg the question in the affirmative. Whether 1
shall he able to convince any one but my self of the
ti ut h of my position may probably he my fault.
i awh\ in his able treatise on the Constitution,
in commenting upon the third section of the third
article, says:
•' In ie-peet to the forfeiture, the meaning seem5!"—
Mark the word " seems"—
to he Hint Cohl'ic-s j h.ill not nnpo-e a foifeittne bnjorid
the teim oi the offenders hfe, but it may he iiboh-hed alto-
l'< thei ; and m tiiii s-i'i^e it ha^ hron uiuhattood and acted
on m tie; law--
refo] ring to the act for the punishment of treason
pa.-s>'d in the year J790.
lie disposes ot the question in half a dozen
lines, but the language employed by him, and the
exceeding sh<n i space in his treatise devoted to the
subject, justify us m ai living at two conclusions:
fit-lly, tiiat the question did not then atlaact gen-
eral alten'ion orcall for an y special investigation,
and at that time more practical and pressing por-
tions of our political system only were reviewed;
secondly, tint even m the cursory mode in which
he mmi'ions the matter, he does it with a doubt
upon his mind, saying that " the meaning
robe,"&e. Afo one need be at a loss as to the
weight to be attached to an ambonty coming to
us as this does, Imwever learned and able the
author may be m other lespects.
Sfoiy, volume three, page 373, comments upon
the terms " corruption of blood" and *' forfeituio
of estate" jointly, <md in the same connection;
and after dwelling at some length upon the se-
verity of such punishments and the gross injus-
tice it inflict* upon innocent offspring by coriup-
tion of blood, remarks that—
u Upon tlic=ediid similar ^loumta ll may be pre&uined that
the clause was first introduced into the original draftof the
Constitution ; and, after some amendments, it was adopted
without any apparent resistance."
Curtis, the most recent as well as one of the
most able commentators, volume two, page 387,
merely states that
"The punishment of treason was left to Congress, with
the limitation, however, that no attainder of treason shall
work corruption of blood or forfeiture," &c.
These arc the views, they can hardly be de-
nominated authoritative views, of our writers on
constitutional law; and I submit that, being all
somewhat cursory in their character, and exceed-
ingly limited in their discussion of the question,
they cannot be regarded with much weight, at
least not sufficiently so as to deter further exam-
ination.
The first law on this subject passed by Congress
was in 1790, and after declaring the punishment
of death against the traitor, provides,ii no convic-
tion or judgment shall'work corruption of blood
or forfeiture of estate." No argument against my
position can be legitimately drawn from this act
of Congress. It was passed in the very infancy
of our Government, when purity and patriotism
were the ruling virtues of official and private life;
when love of country and enthusiastic devotion
to our institutions were pure and unalloyed, and
men vied with each other only to perfect, to
strengthen, to perpetuate the Government which
had cost so much of saciifice, of suffering, of en-
durance. Congress was satisfied at that time with
the dcclaialion of the death penalty withoutrcsort
to fines or forfeitures as an additional punish-
ment, and in doing so merely refrained from'excr-
cising to its full extent the power of punishment
which the Constitution has conferred.
The language of this section, we must remem-
ber, is, " but no attainder of treason shall work
corruption of blood or forfeiture except during
the life of the person attainted." If the Con-
stitution had intended to prohibit corruption of
blood or forfeiture altogether, why add the words
" except during the life of the person attainted ?"
Had these latter words been omitted the restric-
tion would have been absolute, and Congress
could not, by any punishment wluitcvei, have
deprived the person attainted of any pioperty
for even a single day or hour. But these words,
"except during the life of the person attainted,"
are part of the Constitution; and shall we be
drhen, in their construction, to the absurd po-
sition that such forfeitinc shall only extend to
the lifetime of the traitor and then cease? Did
our Constitution, else so redolent with wisdom
and statesmanship, intend to provide for such a
farce as that the property of the tiaitor should be
foifeited to the Government only for that brief
space of time which should intervene between the
day of sentence and the day of execution > Is it
rational or logical to suppose that such a con-
struction of thin section, where the forfeiture at
best would probably be from thirty to ninety or
one hundied and twenty days, could in any just
sense of the term be called a punishment? (/an
it be supposed that the Constitution intended to
legard the high and damning crime of treason
with more lenity than the criminal code regaids
the comparatively insignificant crime of horse-
stealing or petit laieeny? In the latter case, by
thecommon consent of nil mankind you inflict im-
prisonment, fme, and forfeiture, and affix thereby
a brand of infamy upon the cuipnt which, like
the mark of Cain, is forever upon his biow; while
the tuiitor, guilty of every ctime known to the
decalogue, and mon too, remains undisturbed in
bis possessions, fie who commits a single mur-
der forfeits his life to the commonwealth, and such
of his propci ty, by way of fine, as the judgment
may impose; and yet he who by hi^ treason com-
mits a thousand murders shall be exempt from
any practical forfeitinc.
If you cannot by forfeiture deprive the traitor
of his property, how can you collect any fine which
may be assessed against him ? Forfeiture is a
method of alienating pioperty, and by the act of
the last Congrtss you authouzed a fine to be As-
sessed against tlie traitor of notless than $3.0,000.
This fine becomes a judgment of court, and a lien
upon the real estate of the culprit, and the same
judgment also denounces the sentence of death.
A warrant issues to the officer to carry into effect
the sentence ofd'Mth, and a writ of fieri facias to
collect the fine by seizure and sale of the real and
