THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE
# 1 f -
.''.I i *
irnrllriillitlil^/-iujr)liiiifiiuaj
THE OFFICIAL PllOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D, 0.'
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1864.
New 2bG."5
a citizen', who has no family, who had an estate
of $5,000 which he invested in the recent issue
of bonds, realizing enough to subsist a man of
moderate expenditure. He is relieved from all
taxation. There are unsurmountable objections
to the continuance of this policy. The evil is
now not so great as it will be by the accumulation
of this species of wealth in the hands of a class.
It ought not to be continued when we see the
extent of the evil. It was first passed on Febru-
ary 25, 1862, at a moment of enthusiasm when
we thought the war would speedily be terminated,
and the measure was not examined wifh care.
We have reached a point when it is possible for
us to understand what must be the extent of the
national debt and to what extent these bonds
must be thrown upon the country, and therefore
it docs seem to me that it becomes a special sub-
ject of interest, and indeed of absolute, impera-
tive necessity, that the effect of this species of
legislation should attract and receive unusual at-
tention.
One other remark; if the House should determ-
ine not to strike out this whole language and
adopt what some gentlemen think is the wiser
policy of letting this species of wealth bear its
ordinary burden, certainly a broader principle
than that laid down in former acts should not be
adopted. If the House refuses to strike out this
paragraph, at any rate the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will himself suggest the propriety of
substituting the exact words of former acts, and
not make the principle worse and more destruc-
tive. I hope we shall attempt to amend the error
which has manifestly been committed.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I shall not occupy the
time of the committee with any extended remarks
upon the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
but I shall content myself with simply defining
my position. What I said when the currency
bill was before the House and the committee
would perhaps be sufficient to justify me in al-
lowing this opportunity to pass by without say-
ing anything upon the subject; but it is due to a
question of the importance of this that the posi-
tion of eveuy member should be understood not
only by this committee but by the country, and
it should be known to the country who indorses
at this late day such a vicious principle as creat-
ing a privileged class of moneyed men in this coun-
try—men whose whole wealth is to be exempted
by the legislation of Congress from bearing the
burdens that we are imposing upon ourselves to
carry on this war, und that, too, based upon the
idea that we cannot get money unless we raise
up such a privileged class in this country, and
exempt them fiom taxation and make them a
moneyed aristocracy.
W hy, these wealthy men who have this money,
and whose favor we want to court by partial legis-
lation, ought to understand that we own the
wealth of the country, and that we have not got
to beg it at their hands, but have the power any
day to take it. The gold in the miser's chest and
the cattle on a thousand hills are ours, and it is
the millions of this country that are to control
that tieasure, and not the few that happen to have
possession of it to-day.
And I ask gentlemen how they are to go before
the country and ask localities, ask counties and
States to offer bounties to men to enlist, and to im-
pose taxes upon the people at the same time that
they exempt the wealth of the country from tax-
ation, and cast the burden entirely upon the labor
of the country. It is about time that this mock
legislation, this foolish legislation,should be ven-
tilated before the country, and the class of men
who are utgmg this policy upon the country will
regret it to the day of their death. This war is
not going to last forever. The time will come
when every species of legislation, however ridic-
ulous it may be, cannot be forced upon this conn-
try upon the plea that it is necessary to adopt
such legislation to carry on the war. The time
for paying our dents will come, and then if the
poor and the laboring men are the only ones who
have to pay the taxes, they will pay them, but
200
they will be a far happier class in the community
than the rich men will be who enjoy this exemp-
tion.
Besides, the rich men do not claim this exemp-
tion. Men who have wealth to loan to the Gov-
ernment do not claim it. Men loan their money
to the Government from patriotic motives—men
of small moans and men of large means. They
know they ran employ their money in business
to better advantage, but they say they want to
loan their money to the Government as a matter
of duty, and they do not tell you they want their
bonds exempt fiom State and municipal taxation,
Mr. Chairman, I have said perhaps more than I
ought to have said. 1 only wish to have my po-
sition understood. The New York members want
laws enacted here that will command the sympa-
thy and support of the people. And, sir, 1 speak
from authority and by authority here. 1 know
what the people want. They do not want such
wicked legislation as this. They want to put
down the rebellion. They will furnish men and
means for that purpose; and I challenge the men
who bring forwaid these laws to compare notes
with me to-day. I represent, a distiict that is
foremost in this matter. It has got as good a
record as any district in theUnion. Thoreisbut
one voice there on this subject, and I will express
that voice here, and other men may take care of
their own interests. The nun who vote to ex-
empt any species of propei ty, United States se-
curities or anything else in this country, from
taxation of any kind that the people choose to
impose, will have a fearful record to meet here-
after.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. I had occasion, early in
the session, to express my views upon the ques-
tion now under consideration, and I am glad to
find that the House is waking up to the import-
ance of that question. 1 do not propose now to
repeat anything I said on that occasion. I pro-
pose to address myself to the suggestion made by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr Mallory,]
that inasmuch as the Government lias commenced
the system of exempting these Government is-
sues from State and municipal taxation, it is per-
haps better to continue it. It seems to me that if
the Government wits wrong m exempting the first
ifisues from taxation, the sooner we abandon the
vicious principle the belter it will be for the
country.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman wiil do me
the justice to say that I cxpiessed a willingness
to vote for an amendment to this bill repealmgall
acts by which this preference is given to the bonds
of the United States. I am opposed to the whole
policy, and I would vote for u law repealing nil
the laws now existing exempting the bonds and
securities of the United States from taxation.
Mr. J. C. ALLLN. if it could be done with-
out breaking faith with the bond-holders who have
taken the bonds under a pledge that they should
riot be taxed, 1 would vote, with the gentleman
from Kentucky to repeal the laws exempting
these bonds. But the Government, in violation
m my judgment of the true pi incipie, saw fit to
exempt by law these bonds from taxation, and
men have puichased them under the pledge that
they should not be taxed. 1 am for keeping laith
with them. But 1 am also in favor of placing ail
future issues under this or any other bill in pre-
cisely the same position in respect to taxation as
every other species of property.
Mr. MALLORY. I am for keeping all the
faith 1 ever pledged to the holders of these bonds.
1 m;ver pledged my faith to this system. I have
voted against it; and when I said I would vote
to repeal all these laws, 1 did not intend to inti-
mate that gentlemen who voted for this policy
could change their course and vote with me. I do
not suppose they would do so. But the gentle-
man from Illinois would not violate any pledge
he has made in voting with me, because he has
always voted against exempting these bonds fiom
taxation.
.Mr. J. C. ALLEN. It is 'rue I voted against
it; but a majority of liie Congress* o'f the United
States have issued the bonds, and them j$t
the market with the pledge that theyshoiili not
be taxed. In my judgment, it would be bad:faUty
to repeal that law now, since the bonds.havq b$e$
purchased under an implied pledge to say
least of it, that they should be exempt from tax-
ation.
The point I make is that the principle is wrong*
I have objected to it heretofore, and I-am now
satisfied that a majority of the I^ouse believe
that the bonds ought not to have been thus issued.
I am satisfied that a majority of the House be-
lieves that bonds issuedhereafter ought not tc>\be
exempt from taxation, and this is as good a time
to change the policy of the Government as any
in the future will be. If it was wrong heretofore
it would be wrong in the future; and if it is wrong
let us set it right now.
I desire simply to add further, that in my judg-
ment this principle of exempting Government
securities from taxation has heretofore done more
to sap the faith of the masses of the people in
the financial policy of the Government than any*
thing else, and that its continuance will engender
strife, bitterness, and discord, and throw, upon
this system of legislation an obloquy from which
it can never be relieved.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Chairman, I incline
to the notion that it makes very little difference
whether the portion of the section proposed to be
stricken out be stricken out or not. I think, al-
though 1 do not speak positively, that even then
these bonds would be exempt from taxation. I
therefore suggest to the gentleman from Indiana
that if he intends really to make these bondstaft*
able for State and municipal purposes he should
convert this provision into one affirmative, making
them so taxable, in order that the question may
not be left in any doubt.
I will give the gentleman from Indiana one ad-
ditional reason for making these bonds liable to
State and municipal taxation, which probably did
not strike him. It is this: if the bonds are made
taxable for State and municipal purposes, we will
have to give a greater nominal amount of bonds
to raise a given amount of money. By our so
doing we will be benefiting the loyal States. "When
the debt comes to be paid, it will have to be paid
as well by the rebel States as the loyal States.
Hence striking out this provision and putting in
one of the opposite character, is to some extent
legislating in favor of loyal States and discrim-
inating against those in rebellion. I ask the gen*
tlcman to think over that reason,and when,if he
thinks proper to do so, he shall modify his amend-
ment so as to make it effectual, I am inclined to
think that I shall vote for it.
Mr. NOBLE. I do not propose to detain the
committee more than a single moment, but I*want
to take issue with the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. J. C. Allen,] and I merely rise for that pur-
pose. I contend that from the beginning it was
illegal, contrary to the Constitution, in violation
of that instrument, for Congress to attempt to ex-
empt any property from State legislation. Icon-
tend that the States of the Union have no other
means of sustaining themselves from year to
year than by the taxation of real and personal
property in the hands of their citizens. And I
contend that the Congress of the United States
has no right or power to exempt any class or
portion of the propeity of individual ciu/.ena
from its just proportion of Stale taxation.
I say, therefore, that while I am ready at any
time to repudiate such a policy, I claim that in
doing so i am not acting m bad faith, for I con-
tend that it was always illegal and unconstitu-
tional for the Federal Government (o exempt
property from State and municipal taxation, if
the Federal Government has a right to exempt
bonds owned by individuals from taxation in the
States, why might it not extend that power to
other classes of property, and thus cut off the
means by which a State government is curried on ?
I merely wissh to put myself on the record against
the declaration of my friend from I|linojs.
Mr. HOLMAN. There seems to be a good
