1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
'The fiist to which I shall allude is the Rich-
mond Enquirer of January 7,1832. Everybody
knows what the Richmond Enquirer was, and
everybody used to know Thomas Ritchie, and
between the man and his paper there was very
little public sentiment in Virginia that he did not
dictate orcontrol. in his paperof that date I find
the following editorial arliclc, as any Senator can
find by reference to the bound volume in the Li-
brary: *
" It is probable from what we hear that the committee on
the colored population will report some plan foi "Siting iid
of the free people of color. Hut is that all that can be done ?
Are we forever to suffer the greatest evil winch can scom ije
our land not only to remain but to increase in its dirneu-
yjoiwr 1 We may shut our eyes and aveit our faces if we
please,' \vi ites un eloquent South (.'aiolini m, on Ins ictu t n
from tin' iVoiiii .i lew weeks nuo, *hut thc;e. u is, the dm It
and growing evil atom dooi-; and meet the question we
must, at no distant dav. <Jod only knows what it. is the
part of white men lo do on that momentous and appalling
subject. Ot this 1 um \eiy sun;, that the diifeienee.- -
nothing short of fierhtful-—between all  h.it <.\tst-, on one
side of the Potomac am! at! on the othet ts owing to that
cause alone. The disease is deep-iooted ; it is at the heai IS
euic; it is consuming, and haf> ail alorii> been consuming,
our vil.iK and 1 could laugh—it I could laugh on Mich a
subject—at the ujnotance ami lolly of the politician who
ascribes to the act ot the Govpinincnt thru winch is the
Inevitable effect of the eternal lawsof nature. What is to
be done ? Oh, my God, I don't know, bur soim-thm^ must
be done.' Yes. something niu*t be done, ami it ts tin*prut
of no honc-t mnn to deny it, of no five pi <*s-< to conceal it.
When thi< dark population is yrowiii* upon us. when i very
new census is but uaiher nig its appalling numbeis upon iw ;
when Wltlun it pel lod ((jual to lli.it in v\ Irn h the Fedenil ('on-
^titntiou ha- been m existence those munbeis will men a.-.e
to nunc than t'.vo mill ion m \ i i mu :a ; when our m«ici States
are closing the ilooi •* on oui black* for -ale, and \v Uen oui
whites an: moving weatwurdly m greater mnnhei* than we
like lo hear ot ; when Ibis, the lancst land on all this con-
tinent !oi -oil and climate ami Mlirilion coinbinud, might
become a sott or maiden spot it it u eie wor ked In the hands
of white men alotu , ean we, ought we, to sit quietly down
and told our aims
Tins editorial of the Richmond Enquirer was
prompted by a rising of'the slaves, known aslhe
"Nat Turner instiiif-cUon'' or 4k Southampton
massacre." This event produced a profound sen-
sation throughout the State of Vngtnia. At the
session of the Legislature next aftt r it?? oecur-
renee numerous memoiials fiom nil parts of the
vStalf wei e preM-nted, asking the Legislature to
adopt ."<>iui1 means r<> leln-ve the .State from the
evils oi sInvr ry. A select, committer was raised,
to whom nil these memorials were referred. The
result will appear fiom (he following abstract
which I have made lioni the journal of the 11 ouse
of Delegates.
Virginia Legisiatuie of January 25, JKT-i:
Cl llf'soti-ci!, (as the opinion of this committee,) That it
is inexpedient an the pn st ut to main any !r^elnUvc ru-
aotnii'iif-. loi tie aiiiiluum el -davvrv.
u Mr. I'leston olfi'd .1 as a substitute the follow nivr:
a llisolvc.i, (as- Hi'- ojunion of tins committee.) 'I'uat it
ia expeon n! to adopt f winu legislative enactments an the
abolition oi skuci \.
SMr. Wia hei moved that the whole matter he mdefmueh
poitpotK d—ax es G<). noes "51.
"Amongthe miis were the name-; oi Wood ol Alb *niai h\
Uumlolph ot Albemarle, (iail-unl. Hives, Ihyee oi (iooch
land,Mmshali, Leigh, Hie-,ion, [•'auiUuer, Rtulierloid, Moii-
Cllie, &.< , fctc.
"The (jueitifih then teem line on the adoption of Mi.
The-iton's amendment, th" vote -t(>od—ayes r>S, noes ".;i,
A muiiL' the ayes at e the names oi Haiidoipii. (J.ulaud, l-'aui k-
ner,Good. Mooie, Mohowell, 1'n --nm, &.e.
I5ijee,nt (Jooehlaml, then moved to amend the
rcpott (If the eonnmuee as follow?-.
11 Ihofomnlly sensible <>(' the evils aii"iu<j 1'ioin the
condition <H the eolmed population oi this ('onirnou wealth,
induce,} by hum;niit> as well a< policy to an immediate
efCoit for tho lemovai, in the fnsi plaec, a- well of tiio-^e
who nie now 11i:e rw ol ^neit vvho may he;enf:<-i heeonie
1iet\ beheviti^ that tins etlutt. while it i^ in ju-t aecotdanre
with tfie hCituinent ol the eomnunniy on the subject, will
abs>oi b all our pn -e i muih, and that a tin tin r aet ion tui
the ivnioval ot ike t !av<.-- should awail a niwiedeihute de-
velopment of public opinion, Revoked, See.
kvAye-? (>"(. noes (>u. Among the av«v wue Kandolph,
Fiuiiknr i. {: u>e} jr'i.--toti, f.ei^ii, MoUowell, &.o
•• '1 lie ({Ucmiou ilien H'cuiungon theiepoit \i-> amended,
it n.t* ad' p!cd -;rvos-tire's jH.''
Til us it nppi ma lo have been the dehbotnte sen-
tirnem < f in Ib3v2, as these pioceedin^s
demoliKUaie, [hut wiaverv was nn unmitigated
evil; and l! e only leason preventing the Le«^i.->hi-
tu) e I'nitn removing it from the State \v a.s the\vi.uit
of \wyt-! .oh! tiieaiiy to do it.
While the report of the committee referred to
in the proceedings winch 1 haveiceitcd w«« under
consideration, themeiits and demerits of shivery
wcie freely ihscusscd by the leading men of Vn-
giniu. F bey leave to read copious extracts from
ihe specejies delivered, all of which may be found
in the Richmond Enquirer, a file of which ia in
the Congressional Libtary.
Mr. Moore, of Rockbridge, said:
" Is it not due, sir, to our character, as a moral, a just, a
s-irwre and mngr.anunoti-, people, that we -should > told obe-
dience to those punciplcs contrvnod in our bill of right*,
and whmh we have, solemnly declared to bo applicable to
and obligatory upon all mankind? Can \vc be justified in
the 4 vesot man cn Heaven in withholding from oui negroes
right? which we have declared to be the common pioperty
ol all the human lace; and that too in violation of the fun-
damental principles ol our Government?"
In the same speech he said:
" No man can doubt, sir, but that the deterioration in the
a{>p«aiancc of the country is owing mainly to the careless
manner in which the soil is cultivated by s-laves, and the
indolence of the white population; nor can we hesitate to
ascribe the flourishing condition of the non-slaveholding
Htatos, which are evnyvvbeio covered with highly culti-
vated farms thuvnig villages, and an nulustuous white
population, to the absence of slavery."
Mr. Boiling said:
" There b.- yet another evil growing out of oui present sys-
tem oi s|;ivci v. G di i ves fiom us the laboiingman, the hon-
est, iiuhtsti toil* poor. Thehatd struggle they have to make
for the bare necessaries ol life, to say nothing of its luxu-
ries, puis an olioeiual extingui-her upon all the humble as-
pirations of their ambition. The sparsene^s of the white
population opposes almost insurmountable obstacles in the
way of the education ot their children."
Jefferson Randolph, the grandson of Mr. Jef-
ferson, and one of the leading men in Virginia,
said:
" Is it Who to fold our arms in indifference upon itas an
uremediable ovd ? To shut our eyea in imitation of the
sagneitv of the ostrich, who, if it hides its eye behind a
pel) tile, imagines Us huge body concealed fiom its eueime.s ?
Would silence restore the death-like pall of the negiomind ?
11 might he wise to let it sleep tn its torpor, but has not its
duik chaos been illumined? Doesitnoi move und leel find
think? lias it not exigence ? The hourot the ejadieation
ot tiie evil t^ advancing; it must come. Whether it is ef-
leeted by the eneigv of our own minds, or by ihe bloody
scenes of ^outhaiiipton and St. Domingo, is n tale tor m-
tuie lu.story."
TIis allusion was to the excitement produced
on the trnnd of the African race m Vu ^ima, i^rovv-
out of what wa« called the Nat Turner insur-
rection ctnd the Southampton massacre. If the
minder of a few families and the tocsin of warm
some of tin; eastern counties of Virginia was
pointed to as cause of alarm on account of us in-
fluence on the mind of the slave, what must be
ihe condition of that aroused mind to-day, afler
threo yeai s of bloody war, and after the thunders
of cannon all through their midst?
M r. Rtves said:
On the multiplied and desolating evil* oi slavery he was
not disposed to s;,\ uitieh; the cause and its deterioiating
coiiseijuv''tces weie within the ob-ervauon and expel ience
oi tin mi-inheis oi the I louse ,md tiie people oi Vnirima,
an.I .1 did seem to lina th.it lluM e eoultl be no two opuuou 
about it "
Al r. Hrorlnax said:
"'! hat -i ivet\ in Yuyima is an evil and a uan.scendeut
e\ .1 u would lie idle and mot e than idle ior anv human being
to doubt tn d< n\. It H a unhiew who h has l)h^uted in its
enuise ever v legion it has touched 1'ioin tin- cieatem ol the
woihl Tins f< tin: incubus which paraKzurf \ tiguiia's en-
ei ies, hei evcij elfott at advaiieeiuciit.''
AU of us are ticijuainted with the reputation uf
Charks J. Faulknei. Some oi'ub have been in the
habit oi suymg harsh things of the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mi. Summer,] for
the harsh things ho sees proper to say sometimes
tn te^u-d to shivery. Here is a Virginian on the
soil of Virginia who utleted language as terse
and severe as 1 ever heard, anywhere, and m the
\ei-y hull of Legislature of Virginia he used the
language which 1 beg leave to lead to the Senate:
'•Slaveiy.it u admitted, is an evil; it is au insuumoii
which pic-ses heavily against the best interests oi tin
St"re 1( banishes nee while laboi,it extennmatcs the
mci h,uue,thc artisan,the rnaimiaetmei. Itdepuvcs ihem
oi occupation. It depiives them ot biead. H couvertsthe
em i^r\ oi .1 community into ludolem e, ir> jutwer into un-
bi <• iiit> , its ( llieaey into weAkiie^s. Sn , being thus nijil
inm-,ha\e we not aucht to demand us c.xtermination?
Shall society suffer that the s-i,tveholdei may contintu; t«j
LMth"1" ins vr genual ciopol hnman ibMi; What is his meio
P'..iiuiaiy elaim eontpaied with the g'eat nitetostsoi tiie
common weal? M u-.t the eouuuy languish, dioop, dn that
the sj.ivi'hoidc! mav floure-h : Shah all interests he -sub
seivieut to one ; all rights subordinate to the slavehoidei '
Have nor the mechanic-, have not theunddie cl.is-,-^, \lien
iiuhis, i tiiht- UKMinpaiible w nh the i ,xisicuce ot -lavei j ?
'• Su, so irieat .tiid o\ et-uadou iih! ai e the ev i'- ol s|,i\'ei y,
so sensibly .lie tN \ tclt by those who havi  traced the cause-,
ol out national decline, so petceptdile is the poisunousop-
ciation ot its pnncipb-s in tins v.u ted .out diveisilied intet-
c: ts <),' this Gommoiiwealtli, that .Jl wihm; iiumU an- not
w.n p „-d by pieiudice- and iuteicst mu: r admit mat the dis-
im-i' li;h ikiw as'siimed ib.tl nioiial Undcu<ya- to j'Milv
the apphcatiun of any remedy which under the meat law
ot Slate necessity we might coi'Mdt t advisable "
Mr. Preston, u'terwardsa memberof Mr. Fill-
more's cabinet, exclaimed:
"The aetitleman ttoni Brunswick [Mr. Giiolson] after
dcpteting in glowing cokns the pr o^peioas chiuactor of our
country, the beauty ot our daughter, the lngh and manly
chivalry of our sons, conclude-, by telling us that the only
wealth of eastern Virginia was tn the inctear-e of her
slaves. In the name of God. Mr. Sp^akei, has it come to
tins? Does the wealth and the beauty and the chivalry of
Vugima deiive its suppoitaail owe Uscnstcnee to the in-
crease of our slaves ? Tf n be so, Mr. Speaker, I would
relieve them of so heavy a reproach."
Mr. Summers said:
" It will not be denied, T think, thatslaveiy tend? to dif-
fuse ignorance among those more immediately in con-
tact with it. I do not mean to asseit that a location in a
slaveholdmg community is incompatible with the highest
development of human intellect. Such a position would
be controveited by facts." * " * * "Cut,
sir, I speak m reference to the great body of the people,
and ask you to compare the general distribution of ele-
mentary education in the non-slavcholding States with the
slaveholdmg States,."
Sir, T will read one further extinct, and that
will bo from aspeech delivered in the same Legis-
lature, by James McDowell, jr., of Rockbridge,
subsequently Governor of Virginia, whose name
is a household word m Virginia; whose purity of
life, whose culture of mind, and whose unim-
peaehed and unimpeachable character commanded
the universal homage and respect, not only of
Virginians, but of all who knew him m the Uni-
ted States. Here is his language:
"Who, sir,looks at this property as a legislator, and
marks its elfecU on our national advance, but weeps over
it as the woj-tof patrimonies? Who that looks to the un-
happy bondage of our unhappy people, m the midst of our
society, and thinks of its incidents and rt.- issues, but weeps
over It as a euise upon him who inlhets as upon hnn who
sullers it?
" li 1 am to judge from the tone of our debate, from the
erfTiecsMons on all hands exptossed, there is, not a man in
this body—not one, perhaps that is even represented here—
who v, oiild not have thanked the "cneiations that have gone
beloic Us, a, acting asj/uZ/iic men, they had hi ought this ho nil-
age to a < lose; w ho would not havr thanked them, acting aa
puv.ite nu'ii on private notions, il they had relinquished
the propei iy v\ Inch in then mistaken kindness has devolved
upon us?
" 1'ioutl as aic the names lor intellect and patriotism
whii h ennoh the volumes of our histoiv, and reveientially
as we trim to them at this period ot waning reputation,
rhat name, that man, above all parallel, would have been
the chief \vlu> could have bloitedout this etuse from his
eotnihy; those, above all others, would have received the
homage of an eternal gratitude, who, casting away every
sungcMioji of petty interest, had broken the yoke winch ni
an evil hour had been imposed, and had translated as n free
man, to another continent, the outcar-t and the wretched
bemy who burdens ours with Ins presence and defiles it
with his crime*.
" (hit, mi, it has been otherni-e appointed; slavery fit's
come down to us liom our lathers, and the quc-uon now
is. shall we m mm hand U ovei to om children ? Hand it
ovi i io them aggravated in every attribute of evil? Shall
we per pctu.ite the calamity' we dephue, and become to pos-
terity the objects, not of kimlne&s, but of cursing
I ask, sir, if I am not vindicated in the action I
have taken on this subject ? Take away the names
which I have recited to-day, the Maishails, the
Madisons, the Washingtons, the Lmghs, the Hon-
t ys, the Randolphs, the McDowells, the Riveaes,
&c., and xvhat is there left? What is there left but
the mad, fanatical ravings of the Wises and the
Pryors, rt id mime genus ? While I am sustained
by these groat names, while I am fortified by the
principles which they taught, I think I can well
afford to treat, not with scorn, yet with indiffer-
ence, the imputation that 1 am a renegade from
the principles of my fathers, and false to the sec-
tion in which I have lived.
fhit, sii, all this does not absolve us from the
obligations of the Constitution as it is. It is the
law paramount; and whatsoever may be our the-
oretical views respecting slaveiy, the guarantees
of the Constitution must be observed while those
guarantees remain a part of it. Slavery is an
evil; but a broken, demoralized Constitution
would be a greater evil. It is for the integrity of
the Constitution, to restore its power and author-
ity, that f understand we are now waging this
terrible war. Its prosecution can be justified oa
no other consideration; and we shall do well to
take heed to the fact that civil war, beyond all
other causes, is fruitful of pernicious and danger-
ous passions and antipathies, leading to a disre-
gard of constitutional obligation. The sectional
character of the rebellion adds another and still
more malignant element to the inflammation of
the public sentimet)t ordinalily incident to revolts
against the civil authority. And I think 1 utter
no paiadox when I say further, that the manifest
justice of our cause constitutes in itself a source
of danger. Justly exasperated at the wanton
wickedness of the bad men who, m seeking to
overthrow our wise and benignant Government,
have plunged the country irto all the sins and
