1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
proper, by the overruling of the other amend-
ments, to offer a proviso which will place this
matter in a better shape than the amendments
which have been offered to this section, I shall
then move to add, by way of proviso, the fol-
lowing:
Prodded, howcvci, That nothing in tills act contained
frliall be construed to exempt bonds issued under this net
liotn taxation fot Stale and municipal purposes in the same
latio as oihrt peisonal pioperty.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the whole of the first section after the
enacting clause, and inserting what I send to the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. NOBLE. I rise to a question of order.
There are already two amendments pending, and
1 apprehend they must be disposed of before an-
other can be interposed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gemleman can offer
his amendment to strike out an entire section, but
the question must first he taken on the motion to
perfect the section pioposed to be stricken out.
Mi. STEVENS, i will ask to have my amend-
ment read. It is to strike out the first section
after tho enacting clause and insert whattheClei k
will read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That the Secietarv of the Trea*tny be, and hft is heiehy,
nuthouse! 10 hnmnw from tuno to.time, on the ciedit ol
the United Suites, £ 11)0,000,000, and to i^ue therefor cou-
pon oi icgi-ii'i i d bonds of the United States, redeemable at
the plea^uie of the Go\emment alter nn\ period not less
than went) nor more than Unity years, and, if deemed ex-
pedient, made pnsable at an\ peilod not more than forty
years from date, pajabte m coin. And ^aid bonds shall be
of such denominations us the Secretary of the Treas-wy
Miall dneet, -not less than filty dollars, and bear an annual
interest not exceeding? eight per cent., payable semi-annu-
ally, and the lnteie>t on all bonds heretofore issued. payable
annually, may be paid *«enu-annun!iy ; and m lieu of "uch
bonds, antlioiized to be issued, the St'ereetaij of the Tieasi
Uiy may i«ui' bonds, beatius* interest, payable i-eim anrm-
nHv. And tiie tfoeiel.uy ol tin- TrcaMiiy m.\> di-po«e oi
such IkhuN. oi any pail ilieieoi. in thrUnited elates, oi, it
he sh.ill lind it e\|K-(hent, in Kuiopo, at any time, on such
tenns as he ni.i) de< in most advisable, lm lawful money of
the Untied States, oi, at (its di-ciettou. ft a Tiejuuiy notes,
<;eti tin ale-  ot ind(-t tedno-N,oi eei tificuteq oi deposit issued
under any act ol Gorgo^s. And he may also tijMie mex-
ohamje lot Tica-uiy notes heietofore i>sued beating seven
and tluee tenths pet cent mteiest besides the .six per cent
bonds horeiotore autlHn r/od, Idee bonds of tiie denomina-
tion's of f?l 00 and of.s\" 0, And all bonds,Tieasurv notes, and
othei obligations of the United States shall be exempt from
taxation by or under State oi municipal authouty.
Tins amendment offered by Mr. Noble to the
amendment offered by Mr. IIolman was not
ugieed to,
Mr. KERNAN offered the following as a sub-
stitute for Mr. Holmant's amendment:
Ami that tiie owuei ■* of the bonds and obligations issued
Under and by vutue ot thepiovi>ions ol tinsacs shall be li-
able to St,tie and innitieip.il taxation upon the valne thereof
to the s.unc < \tent as they .ire liable to siieli taxation upon
any othei seeuuties oi timihtr pei*onni estate owned by
them.
Mr. PRUYN. I would inquire of my col-
league if that would not be the effret of Hie law
i( no such amendment were embraced in it.
Mr. KER.NAN. It is thought by some that
it would not. The arnciuimrn l can do no harm.
The dtcisions of some of the courts would leave
tho matter in doubt,
Mr. PRUYN. It would rather go to show
the sense of the House as to the necessity of
such a provision. If it is underslood that tins is
merely by way of precaution, I nm willing to
vote for if.
Mr. HOLMAN. To avoid the consumption
of tune, inasmuch as the ptoposiuon the gentle-
man tiom New Yotk has submitted by way of a
substitute m (he same as the amendment 1 have
submitted, only diftVinig m phraseology, and in
this, that mine proposed no limit upon the extent
of State taxation, while his limits it by the ex-
tent of other taxation imposed by the Stutc, I will
accept his amendment.
Mr. IIOOPER, upon the amendment as modi-
fied, demanded tellers.
T  Hers vote ordered; and Mr. Washburn", of
mo^uchusetu^and Mi. Kernax, weteappointed.
Tho eninmiit' e divided; and the tellers reported
—- avts ol>, ones 59.
So the aniendnvnt was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now des're to offer my
piopofcittcn. 1 do not, however, wish to disturb
the action of the gentleman who has charge of
this bill UMtil ho has perfected It, and perhaps lie
will give mo an opportunity to offer the amend-
ment in the House. If so, I will not delay the
committee now.
Mr. HOOPER. I will.
Mr. G-ANSON. I shall have no objection to
that provided the proposition last voted upon be
allowed to come in in the same way.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, unless the pre-
vious question is demanded I shall have a right
to offer it in the House, and therefore, as 1 do not
wish to delay the bill now I will not offer it, but
will only give notice that 1 shall propose it in the
House.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman who reported the bill how much money
there is appropriated in it? What is the amount"
of the loan? In order to do that I move to strike
out $400,000,000, By the act of March 3, 18(53,
there were appropriated $900,000,000. The act
was not exactly clear, but the presumption is that
that loan ends with the current fiscal yenr. 1
wish to know fiom the gentleman fiom Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] if that loan of $900,000,-
000 ends with the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1864.
Mr. HOOPER. If the gentleman will look at
the closing paragraph of the third section he will
sfe that if there is any doubt about it this bill set-
tles that doubt.
Mr. CROOKS. Thegentlemanwill permitme
to inquire what is the amount of loan provided
for in this bill>
Mr. HOOPER, I understand the amount to by
about four hundred million dollais,nnd whatever
may remain unused of the loan provided for by the
act of March 3, 1863.
Mr. KROOK.S. As I read the bill, there are
$400,000,000 in the first section. Then in the
iourth section there is o temporary loan of $150,-
000,000; and in the third section, to winch the
gentleman has alluded, there niv the $200,000,000
jipp/oprmted under the act of Match 3, 1863.
That gives a total of $>750,000,000 for the next
fiscal year. Am I light?
Mr. 1IOOPERA The gentleman is not rightin
this: that theie lias already been issued, under
the act of March 3, 1863, about halfof the amount,
authorized. This bilf proposes to authorize the
issuing of what remains of that amount. The
object m keeping alive that act is that the plates
used in printing may lie available. Under the
fourth section of the bill theie is authority to re-
ceive temporaly deposits, but no authority to
make any issue.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am desnous of ascertaining
the amount of obligation which we shall incur
under this bill. I understand now that the first
section appropriates 4,400,000,000, the section for
a tempoiaiy loan ^150,000,000, and $200,000,000
under the act of March 3, 1863, making in all
$750,000,000 for the fiscal year.
Mr. HOOPER. Let niecoirectthe gentleman
on one point. Thea^gt egate of the temporary loan
is $150,000,000; but a portion of that has tdicady
been taken; it has already reached $75,000,000.
Mr. BROOKS. I1uh thegentleman made any
calculation snlHcieiit in satisfy his own mind that
the loans autiioi rz-'d by tins bill will be sufficient
to cover the expend) t in es of the coming fiscal
yeai {
Mr. HOOPER. \ prefer to take the authority
01 the SeCM.tary of the Treasmy rather than to
r< ly upon my own judgment, and he is satisfied
that tins will be enough.
I would a .Main rail the attention of the gentle-
man Irom New Yoik to the fact that the author-
ity fot the temporary loan already exists, and
tins bill merely met eases the- rate of interest to six #
per cent The foi mer bill limited the rate of in-
terest to five pel cent.
Mr. P>ROOKS. 1 withdiaw my amendment
and move to nisei t in the ninth line the words
${ payable in com.'' Those words are not in this
bill, although they are in the bill of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Ml. HOOPER. The lull ot last year—the
£900,000,000 bill—cont.uricd those winds, but it
win; not. deemed necessory or considered expedi- j
out to I'isost tin m -u tins bill. I Wlit Sond un to |
the desk u"d ask to have read, as a part of my |
reply to the genii* man, a letter f'tom the Secre- ,
tary of the Treasmy which was published some
time ago, giving his views upon that point.
Mr. GANSON. 1 would like to ask thegentle-
man from Massachusetts whether this bill was
prepared in view of the fact that gold is going up
to 245 under the operation of the gold Oil!.
Mr. HOOPER. J beg leave to say that this
bill was prepared before the great rise th £oid,
and 1 suppose that that rise may be ascribed to
the opposition of the other side'of the Houfce to
this bill.' i ask that,the letter-from the Secretary
of the Treasury may be read. ♦,
The Clerk read, as follows: ' ; t:\
Treasury Department, jffoy 18,' X834*'
Sir: YoUr letter of the 13th instant, making Inqutrles'in
regard to the kind of currency witl* whioh the fivo-iwonty
years six per cent, and the three years seven-thii ty per cent,
notes are to be redeemed, lias been received.
It has been tho constant usage of the Department to re-
deem nil coupon and registered bonds forming part of. the
funded or permanent debt of the United States in eolti.
and this usage has not been deviated from during my ad-
mini«tiationof its nffuirs.
All Die Treasury notes and ether obligations forining pnrt
of the temporary loan are piiynble and will be redeemed in
lawful money: that is to say," la United SUUcs notes* until
after the rcftimpiion of specie payments, when they also
will doubtless be redeemed in coin, or equivalent notes.
The five-twenty sixes being payable twenty years from
date, though redeemable after five years; are considered as
belonging to the funded or permanent debt, and so also are
the twenty years sixes into which the three years seven-
thly notes arc convertible. These bonds, therefore, ac-
cording to the usage of the Government,'are payable iff
coin.
Tiie three years seven-thirty Treasury notes are part of
the temporary Joan, and will he paid lit United Stales notes,*
unless holders prefer conversion to payment.
Very respectfully, S. P. CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKS withdiew his amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the second
section of the bill by inserting after the word
"notes" tho words "of nuch denominations a«
shall be found expedient," not loss than one dol-
lar; so that it will lead:
And tho Seeiotaiy of the Tieasury may redeem and
cause to be canrcted and desttoyed any Tieasury notes or
United Statcb notes* hentotoie i«sueri undr r authority of
previous acts ol Congress, and substitute, in lieu thereof,
an equal amount of Treasury notes such at. aie mithoiized
hy fin-' act, er of othei United States notes, of such denom-
inations a1* shall be found expedient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move the following as a
substitute for the second section of the bilb
Sec. 2. Jhul be it ft of,her enacted, That the Secretary of
the Tieasury may issue, upon the ciedit of the United
States, bonds of any denomination not lesii than $100, pay-
able in lawful money three yearsfrom tiie date thereof, and
bearing inteiest not exceeding eight per cent, per annum,
payable semi-annually in lawtui money, and may receivc
at par theiefoi tin* lawful money of the United States,
Tieiwury nou"*, fettifieates nfindchtedueefs, or ceitifieates
ot'd''po<ii issued under any act of Congress. And theSee-
letaiyol the Treasury, in addition to the total amounts of
boud< uiuhouzod by tho first and second sections of this
act, shall i«.sue at pat, in redemption of any outstanding
notes, eemficates ot deposit, or ceitificates ot indebtedness
of the United Static, bondx Mmitar to those hereinbefore in
this second M*etion authorized, in denominations of not less
than $100, or of like denominations mimiar to those au-
thorized hy the first section, and payable five years from
date, with inter^t at si\ pereont., p.iynblo semi-annually.
And the riecretary ot the Treasury luitlier authorized to
i&sue, in lieu of any bonds* heretofore authorized by law,
and not now issued in pursuance tbeieof, bonds similar to
and in the denominations hereby authoiizcd* All out-
standing note's, other than United States notes, shall cease
to be a legal tender in payment ot public orptivate indebt-
edness on and alter the 1st day ot October, 1864. And no
noteti. other than United States notes, thai! hereafter be
issued or reis&ned. Nor >• hall the total amount of United
States note* is-siwd or to bv issued ever exceed $400,000,000,
and such additional sum, not exceeding $60,000,000, as
may be temporarily requhed for the redemption of tempo-
ral j' loan.
Mr. STEVENS. That is a very important
proposition and should not be acted upon thia
evening. 1 move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So tho committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally,and particularly House bill No. 540,
to provide ways and menus for the support of the
Government, and for other purposes, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the amendment
winch I have jubt offered may be printed.
It was no oidered.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLOGG* of
Michigan, (at five o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.
*- The words " or national currency" sliould have
inserted-
