3188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jtme 23,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 23, 1884.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Joui nal was dispensed
wuh.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented six petitions of citizens
of Vermont, playing for the passage of the bill
(H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the mil-
itary or naval service of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or forfeited estates in insur-
rectionary districts; which were ordered to lie on
the table, the Committee on Public Lands having
reported a bill on the subject.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the passage of the bill
(H. 11, No. 276) to secure to persons in the mil-
itary or naval set v ice of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or forfeited (.states in insur-
rectionary districts; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. HARRIS piesented two petitions of citi-
zens of New York, praying for the passage of the
bill (H. R. No. 27G) to secure to persons in the
military or naval service of the United States
homesteads on confiscated or forfeited estates in
insurrectionary dixincts; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SUM N ICR presented four petitions of men
and women of the United Slates, piaying for the
abolition of sfnvery, and such an amendment of
the Constitution as wiii forever prohibit its ex-
istence in any portion of the Union; which were
referied to the select committee on slavery and
fieedmen.
KKI'OIITS .FROM. COMMITTEES.
Mr. NESiVnTU, fiom the Committee on Mil-
itary Allans and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred joint resolution (S. No. 4.'i) authonzing
the settlement of I he ncrou nts of the late Captain
Daniel Ihbard, of the United Suites volunteers,
Vi pen ted it without amend ineiit.
Al i. TRUAinUf ,L, fi oiu i he Com mit tee on t lie
Judieini y  t<> whom was lel'eiied the bill (S. No.
^17) providing for bail in certain onsen of mili-
itniv at rests, reported it with an amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (Ff. R. No. 43)
to enable the Secretary ot the Tiru.sury to obtain
the title to certain propeity mCaison City and
Territory of Nevada, for the purposes of a branch
mint located m said place, lepoited it without
amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was I ef.'iTed the bii! (II. 11. No. f>;W) to provide
for asecrt amin<£ and adjusting r'lauus against the
Uovei nnient for injury or destruction of propei ty
by the Army o I the I] nited States, or by militai y
nut iiority, dining the piesent lebellion, rnpmled
it without amendment, and that it ought not to
pass.
He also, ftom the same committee, to whom
was ielei iI'd the bill (11. R. No. 30a) to restrict
the juii^dictlou ot the Com t of Claims, and to
pmvide for tlm payment of certain demands f'oi
(piai'eiinaster'v; st (o'es and sol in is! e t km1 supplies
furnished lite Army o! the Hinted States, asked
to be Uisdiaigi d fiom itsiuither eomsidri ation;
\v bicii was airi eed to.
Mr. WILSON, fiom the Committee on Mili-
tary A (] ai i s an d the A! i i 1t la , to whom was 11* fei red
the joujt lesolution f 1 1. R. No. 11)3) tor the ie!n f
ot Maty Kidlogg, asked to be dj.iehaig-ed from its
furihei consul' ration, and that it bs/lefened to
the Comnutti-u on Naval Affairs; which was
ugi-ed to.
Ho also, from the ,Mni^ eomm'th-o, to whom
wa  iefeu.d the bill Hi. R No. 34G) to regulate
the iiUin, pny, and emoluments of vi tennary sni-
g''oiik of ravahy ngiincnis, reported it without
aui '!idinei,t.
Mi. DOOTJTTLK, from the Committer on
Jnif,au \!luis, to whom wasiefeired the petition
of tho Miami Indium-, piaymg for the payment
of a!!' d er.. a  wes due then), icpoi ted a lull (S.
. >'i i) I * >;• ' j ie ! < !<< i <>f I 11 om as R.> hat d v die,
"! '* n'i > !' /i'diaf.a M .a I, ! f !.,I„U,S', now lesuilllg
pas.-eci ;o -1 N, ,e id 1} and m   portion and
nceonu pap' i* weieonhutd :<, be printed.
Mr. !J ARRiS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
274) in relation to the computation of the time
within which an indictment may be found against
peisons chatged with crimes against the laws of
the United States, reported it without amendment
and that it ought not to pass.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to -whom was referred the bill (S. No. 322)
to change the name of the steamboat Magnet,
of Buffalo, to Home, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
N. S. Bremon, paymaster United States Army,
submitted a report (No. 92) accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 328) for the relief of Major N. S.
Brenton, a paymaster in the United States Army;
which was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William H. Jame-
son, paymaster United States Army, reported a
bill (S. No. 3:19) tor the relief of William H.
Jameson, a paymaster m the United States Army;
which was tead and passed to a second reading.
SUPPRESSION OF A NEWSPAPER.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion, which i ask to have consideied now, if there
is no objection to it.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read foi information.
The Secietaiy lend it, as follows:
Wherein a military onler Ikh been iecently i^ued m
the State of Kentucky piolulnth.g the cnculatmn m >aid
State of the Cincinnati Inquner. a newspaper printed and
published at Cineinnau, Ohio; ami whereas a tree pi ess
i> ewntial to maintain the lights and liberties of the peo-
ple • Therefore,
/.Vs'o/i ci/, That the Pie-id-nit he iequated to cause the
aioirr-.uil militaiy onler to be revoked, ami that the Presi-
dent he fui I her re<]ii'M,ed to it-nie Mich order-* as will pre-
vent the militaty authentic^ lioai enciu.icluiig upon the
tiecdom ot Jhe pies-. in tile i'uiuie.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that resolution lie over.
IVlr. POWKLL. I will ask to have it printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion not having been received, it cannot be or-
dered to pe punted.
Mr. POWELL. It is received, hut lies over
under the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands objection to be made.
Mr. POWELL. Objection is made to its con-
sideration at, the piesent time. There is no ob-
jeetton made to its reception.
Mr. CONNESS. I called fur its reading for
in fot mat ion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will pupme whrthei theio is any objection to the
reception of the resolution.
Mr CONNESS. Yes, sii.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the Senator to allow
the lesolution to be printed and he over under
the iuir.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; I withdraw the
objection.
The PRESIDENT jiro tonjit)}e. Then, there
bem^ no obje< tiou to the reception of the reso-
lution, the (piestion is on the motion that it be
pi mted.
The motion was agreed to.
OLUlU \ (i AIM cT II E.N ilY W. DKPL'Y-
Mi. RICHARDSON submitted the following
resohiti"!!; wfu-'h was considered by unanimous
eon -• nt, and agi ft d to :
TIi it lii S< eieiaiy nt tli<> 'I'if.irtiry bo re-
nin -!('d i° e.tiniimnif.ue to the Senate a oopv of the letter
o| K. 1 . Fie :e 11. Second Aiutitoi ol the Tieasai\*. dated
■Man h l." . K-n 1. and :uldt«-m d to Ileniy \V. Uepuy, late
*nt !<i. the ]m\\ nre i imImii^, el iiumig I una Mi U'-puy
tin- nnmetliate p i\ ne iit or a ana oi moiiej alleged to la- due
lite Cm ted S(,l1r .. m^ethei U nil t lie evilti'licc tlj)Oll which
>a.d .ilk yt d imlel.ti line.—- \va> nunnled. Ami tliar tin- Seeje-
t n \ ot the 'i t. Ulan \ tu; tiifi KXj'ie-ted to eemnitniieate
Ik lit! S'-ea'e a < op\ of Mr !)epu> icply to tne Second
Andnor, d md AI.neii Js, lsd (. to^i'tiier wnh a ^atenient
of the oll'ieial aeiion taken thoieup-in.
EXAMINATION OF A11 MY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Alllurs and the M;htia,to whom were leferred
the am< nonnnits of tin* Llouse ofRenrest*nt<Ujves
to the ini! (S. No. K,">) to pio> ide (or the exam-
ination of eeit.un o/lie, j-s of the Aimy, have di-
'•ect. d me (o report in tavor of concuningm those !l
.miondmenis, ,md if there be no objection I should jj
like to have them acted upon now. jj
There being no objection, theSenate proceeded
toconsider the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The motion was agreed to.
IRISH NATIONAL FAIR.
Mr. COWAN. The Committee on Finance, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 68) authorizing^ the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to release certaingoody from the paymentof
duties, have had the same under consideration,
and have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment, which they offer by v/ay of substi-
tute. If there be no objection, 1 ask for its im-
mediate consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, ns in
Committee of the Whole, proccedtd to consider
the joint lesolution. The amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance was to strike out all of the
original resolution after the enacting clause in the
following words:
That the Secretary of the Tioa&ury be, and he is hereby,
authorized, in his discretion, to remit the duties on all
goods and aiticles imported into the United States tor,and
donated to, attv fair held, or to he held, im the benefit of
the Sanitary Commission and Cliri-tntn Association, or
either of thern; a^o'on all goods ;md articles impoitcd and
donated to the IrMi National Fair recently held at Chicago.
And the ^ecrctaiy ot the Trea--uiy is a No hereby author-
ized, in hus discretion, to release such tairs fiom payment
ot auction and Iotteiy iiect^es tor auction and lotf-ucb at
such fans.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the vSecretary of the Trea^my be, and he is hereby,
anthouzed to release and di>eh<uj;e the lush National Fair
recently held in Chicago of and from all liability heicroforo
incurred tor or on account ot having sold good:, and Iot-
teiy tickets without license or stamps, and (it and Inmi the
payment of all license or stamp duties or penal tier, lucuued
by teason of the sales aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the joint les-
olution was ordered to be read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, its title was
amended so as to read: "A joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasuiy to release
certain parties fi om liability or payment of duties
and penalties therein mentioned."
MA JO It MORRIS S. MILLER.
Mr. NESMITH. The Committee on Militai y
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
joint lesolution (ti. R, No. 107) for the relief of
Major Morris S. Miller, of the quartermaster's
department, have directed me to report it buck
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it pass. If there be no objection, I should
like to have it acted upon at once. It is a matter
that will occasion no debate.
Thoie being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which directs the proper account-
ing officers of the Tioasury to credit the account
of Major Morns S. Miller, quartermaster United
States Army, with the sum of about thirty-seven
thousand dollais, or so much thereof as was paid
by him dm nig the years 1859 and I860, to the re-
spective firms of Russell, Majors & W'uldeli,
Brown & Russell, and Majois'& Russell, upon
the ordets of the Secretaiy of War and tho Quar-
termaster Geneial, oi either of them.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without a mend ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any report in this
case? If them is i should like to hear it.
Mr. NESMII'H. There is no report in the
case. This is a House lesolution. 1 send to the
Secietary a letter fiom the Secretary of Warm
explanation ot it, which I ask to have read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Department,
W\shington City, Juvc 6, 1SG4. '
^ir: In ropiy to your note I have tne honoi to <-tstte that
m niv opinion the pajment^ made by Major Miller, a^M*-t-
a it qiiai[eijna--tei, under the expre-s order oi .inim n,
FJo\ d, rfecietaiy ot War. ought to he eiedited in tin*-fttK*-
issent ot thequaiu una -,t< i V at count-, and th.u lie- tt« ■ oiuit-
ini£ o.'heci of the Tiea.-my eued in lejeetinu ,-ttch fieihw.
.liMici- to a f-ubordin.tte olficei who acted in obedience to
and inulei consliamtot the oideis ot the lu-ad ot the De
paitmcnt to which the officer belongs, requires, that author-
