190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
promise of which, it is fair to presume, was in part the
consideration toi their agieemg to outer the service; and
wherea* a large number of othei volunteers under the said
act have been honorably discharged before having served
the full term of two ycitis. in consequence of wounds and
other (Usabilities contracted in the service: Therefore,
Rcsohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs are
Jiciubym&tjucted to inquire mlo the justice and expediency,
of granting the said bounty of ,§100 io ail such volunteers,
under the said act of July 1861, as have been discharged
as above stated, and that said committee rcpoit by bili or
otheiwise.
LAND GRANTS.
Mr. McDOWELL,, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following bill; which was read a
first.and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories:
A bill extending the time within whi<Jh the States and
Territories may accepttbegrantof land^madeby the aet
entitled "An act donating" public hinds to the several
States and Territories winch m:ty piovide college.-' for the,
benefit of agriculttne and the mechanic arts, " appioved
July •>, 1882. ^
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress rts&emfded, That
any State or Territory may accept and shall be entitled to
the benefits of the act entitled •' An aet donating public lands
to the several States and Territo tics winch may piovide col-
leges for the benefit ol agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
approved July 2, 18G2, by expressing its acceptance thereof,
.as ptovided m said aet,"within two year-, fiom the date ot
the approval of this aet, subject, however, to the condition*
in said act contaiucd.
Mr. SPALDING. I askunanimousconsentto
make a report from one of the standing commit-
tees of this House.
A Member called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 13) to amend a joint resolution ex-
planatory of "An act to suppress insurrection,
punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confis-
cate the property of rebels, and for other pur-
poses;" and the pending question is the motion
to recommit the resolution to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that other com-
mittees desire to make some reports to-day, and
I therefore suggest that by unanimous consent
this resolution lie over as unfinished business
until to-morrow morning.
Mr. COX. J prefer that it be recommitted lo
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mt*. 1>R0C)Kk5. i object to iu being postponed.
Mr. WILSON. As* I cannot get unanimous
consent, I move that it be postponed until to-
morrow morning after the reading of the Journal.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER resumed, as the regular order
of business, the calling of committees lor reports.
RESTORATION OF CIVIL AUTHORITY.
On motion of Mr. WOODlUUDOfE, if wax
Ordered, That the Commuter on the Judiciaiy be dis-
chniged irom thr Imtlier coiiMdcration ol the joint lesnlu-
tiou(li. U, No.l) concerning the i.'Moiation of the civil
ant hoi ity <>t <%> rtiun States, and o! the United Statt with in
regions once under the control ol' the exiting ichellion,
and that the same be leferied to the committee on the re
belliou.s Stales.
NKW YORK CTSSTOM-HOUSK.
Mr. HULBURl), from the Committee on Pub-
lie Expenditures, introduced the following reso-
lution ; which was read,considered,awlagieed to:
lic^oU-ed, That the Committee on rubhe Expenditure*,
in their investigation ot the aliened nieeonduct in the New
Yoik eustom-hoiw. as contemplated by the ievolution of
the date of tiie Utlj hetant, ami in all other investigations
which may come before them, lie auihoiivced to semi loi
persons and papeis.
CLAIMd OF JOHN J. 1HJLOW, JR.
On motion of Mr. LOAN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Miliuuy Allans be dis-
chaiged hom the inriher eon-.idei.uion ot the papeis in the
e.iNe of the el.nm ot John J Lulow ji., for leliei iioinlo^
sustained in the Fiotida war,and that the same be releiied
to the Committee on Claims.
ARMORED VESSELS.
Mr. SPALDING. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have instructed me to report back, with
an amendment, the resolution introduced a few
days since by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Norton] touching aimored vessels, with a rec-
oeitfii ndation that it be adopted.
Tii" ,i;;>en.bne >' was to add at the end of the
folic
nci by inic.idi ci lo be made for m-
foimation already transmitted by the Secretary of the Navy
to Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
STENOGRAPHER TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs he, and
they are hereby, authoiized to employ a stenographer while
conducting the investigation oideied by this House, at the
usual price paid for reporting in the Daily Globe.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
On motion of Mr. ARNOLD, the Committee on
Roads and Canals was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of certain citi-
zens of the city of New York in relation to rail-
road communication between that city and Wash-
ington, and the same was referred to the sclect
committee on the subject.
BUREAU Ol' EMANCIPATION.
Mr. ELIOT, from the select committee on
emancipation, reported back, with an amend-
ment, bill of the House No. 51, to establish a Bu-
reau of Emancipation.
Mr. XIOLMAN. I call for the rending of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts what he proposes to do-
with tins bill to-day ?
Mr. ELIOT. I will say, in answer to the in-
quiry of the gentleman from Now York, that the
majority ol' the committee have instructed me to
report this bill. One member of the committee
desires to submit a minority report. I ask that
he have leave to make his rcpoit, and then that
the reports be oidered to be pi in ted, and the whole
subject postponed for consideration until Wednes-
day next after the morning hour.
' Mr. BROOKS. That is all right.
Mr. HOLMAN. With that understanding, I
withdraw the call for the reading of the bill.
Mr. KALBFLEiSCII. 1 ask that the minority
lepoit of the committee, which I propose to pre-
sent, be printed also.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that both the reports be
piinted, and that the bill be postponed until Wed-
nesday next, after the morning hour, and be made
the special order for that time.
Mr. VENDLETON. I object to making it a
special order.
Mr. ELIOT. Does it require unanimous con-
sent to make it a special order?
The SPEAKER, it does, except by a two-
third vote on Monday. With that exception, the
gentleman's motion will be. considered as agreed
to, if there is no objection.
No objection was made.
capitol of new mexico.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Committee
on Military Ainu is was disehaiged from the fur-
ther con side i at ion of a bill to pi ovule for the speedy
completion of the capitoi of the Territory of New
Mexico, and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on Teuitories.
niagara falls canal,
Mr.SPALblNG, by umui imous conscnt, and
m pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to constiuct a ship canal lound the falls of Niag-
ara; which was lead a fust and second time by us
tttle,aud referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
small-vox in the district.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make a statement
in legard to the. small-pux m this Distnct. it will
take but a minute.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. A resolution
was passed by the House a few days since instruct-
ing the Committeelorthe District of Columbia to
make inquiries ami report to the House m regard
to the condition of this District with reference to
the small-pox. The committee have had several
I meetings on the subject, and Saive invalidated it
i lo a veiy considerable extent. The chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Lovejoy,] I understand, isat
present absent, m consequence of indisposition,
and I desire to say to the House that I wasoneofa
sub-committee appointed by the District Commit-
tee to examine into this matter, and I wish to state
that there is no occasion for any unusual alarm in
reference to the small-pox at this time in this Dis-
trict, and that the hospital accommodations pro-
vided by the General Government and by the
city are ample. r
Mr. KELLEY. I would inquire whether the
investigations of the committee have satisfied the
gentleman that the small-pox i.s not prevailing
largely in this city?
Mr. STEELE, of New York/ I will state in
regard to that that there has been no time for
several years past when the small-pox has not pre-
vailed here more or less, but that there is no oc-
casion now for unusual alarm on the subject, that
extraordinary efforts are being made at this time
to prevent its spread, and to take care of all those
afilictcd with the disease, and that the hospital ac-
commodations appear to be ample for th$t pur-
pose.
INCREASE OF PENSIONS.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, by unanimous
consent submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of increasing the pen-
sion of non-commissioned officer-;, musician?, and privates
from eight to thirteen dollars per month, and that they le-
poit by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution to which
there will be no objection.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think we had better go
into Committee of the Whole for general debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If any gen-
tlemen desire to make speeches, I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House ac-
coi dingly lesolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the president's annual 3ikssauk.
Mr. YE AM AN. Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to
call the attention of Congress to a series of reso-
lutions I submitted soon after we met here. As
they wcie only read by their title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, I will now have
them read at the Clerk's table to bring them
clearly to the minds of members.
The Cleik read, as follows:
Joint resolutions concerning the resroiation of the civil
authontyot the United Stares and of eeuam State-, u ubin
lesion^ once or now undei the contiol of the existing
1 cbcihon
Jlc if rc'olrcrt lytke Smote and House of Ileprevcntai ires
of (he United Stuics in Congress assembled. 1. Thaf a com-
bination ot pet-on--, m the name of a State, or an a.—nim-d
confederation of Start"., foi levying war against the United
State*, or lor withdrawing such States i'loin the Union,
does, not altei the legal character of the act done, nor ex-
cuse thot-e engaged m it, nor does any such combination,
h vying of war, oi attempted witluluiwal amount to any de-
struction, forfeiture, or abdication of the nght ol tho-e who
at any tunc acknowledge allegiance and render obedience
to the United States to administer, amend, or establish a
State government.
2 That a tormal return or readmi-?t>ion of any State to
the Union is not neee.-^ary. It is sufficient that the people,
or those who are loyal in anv State, and qualified by the
election laws theieof in fotce before the rebellion, shall at
any time le-ume the function* ol a State government com-
patible with tin'Union and with the Constitution and laws
of the United States, and doing this i* builicient evidence
ot lojalty toi the put pose ot doing if.
9. That all question'? touching propei fy-riiihts and inter-
ests arising out of confiscation and emancipation, and the
effect of any law, piociamauon, mihtaiy oulei, or emei-
g« nc}' of war, or aet of rebellion,'upon the title to any prop-
erty, nr upon the status of any persons h^rctofoic' held to
service or labor in any State, aie left for the judicial de-
teimniation of the eouits of the United States.
4. That the whole powei of the nation is pledged for the
suppiession of the lebelhon.the evpeution of the laws, the
d"fenj-e ol loyal citizens jn any State, the temtoiia! integ-
nt\ of the liepublic, and tiie nationality of the Constitu-
tion
5. That nothing heiem contained --hall he cons-trued to
abndgo ot lessen any valid defense, or a« waiving the right
