1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
SOLDIERS OS THE WAR OF 1812.
On motioti of Mr. SPALDING, and by unani-
mous consent, the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill (H.R. No. 266) grant-
ing pensions to the surviving soldiers of the war
of 1812, and the same was recommitted to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
' Mr. DEMING. I call for the regular order of
business.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 307)
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs
by the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Dem-
ing,] to declare certain railroads military and
post roads, and to regulate commerce; on which
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to yield ten minutes
of my time to my colleague, [Mr. Starr.]
Mr. STARR. Mr. Speaker, I fesl it to be a
duty 1 owe to my constituents, and also the State
I have the honor to represent in part upon this
floor, to oppose the passage of this bill. In my
plain way X shall attempt to give to this House
my reasons for so doing.
The corporations asking for this law were char-
tered by the Legislature of the State of New Jer-
sey, subject to an act passed in the year 1832, de-
claring that it should not be lawful to construct
any other railroad than those of the Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company to transport passen-
gers or freight across the State of New Jersey
between New York and Philadelphia, which spe-
cial privilege expires in the year 1869. By the
acceptance by these companies of the acts of in-
corporation, subject to these provisions, they vol-
untarily bound themselves to the observance of
its provisions.
Here is a contract that has been affirmed and
reaffirmed by the contracting parties, and by the
courts whenever its validity has been questioned,
and subject to this contract these corporations
accepted their charters.
Now, sir, these companies come here asking
Congress, in defiance of the power creating them,
against their own express obligations to the State
of New Jersey that gave them existence, to vio-
late the laws, the very laws of thatState by virtue
of which tney exist. Will this House, without
some overpowering necessity, take away, by the
passage of this bill, the jurisdiction and power of
the State itself over the corporations within her
limits and of her own creating, and destroy the
vested rights of the citizens of New Jersey, who
hold their property by virtue of the laws of the
State, now attempted to be thrust aside, not, as I
believe, from any necessities of the country at
this time, but rather to relieve the necessities of
the English bondholders, who hold the $600,000
of the bonds of these corporations, now pressing
the passage of this law ?
Let me here say that no sacrifice on the part of
my State or the citizens thereof would be too great
at this time if the necessities of the country re-
quired it; but as we havealways been ready with
our blood and our treasure to meet the require-
ments of the country, we have a right to ask of
this House to stand by us, and not override our
laws, destroy our contracts, and take out of our
control the corporations of our own creation,and
upon our own soil. More especially have we a
right to ask it when it is patent to every one who
has taken the trouble to examine the merits of
this act, that it has been gotten up and pushed for-
ward solely and entirely for the purposes of pri-
vate speculation.
If there is any public necessity for the passage
of this law it must be for military or postal pur-
poses. Congress has already passed a law in-
vesting the President with power to take posses-
sion of or use these railroads for such purposes;
so that the whole objectand intention of this law
is to annul and set aside the laws of New Jersey
at the instance and for the benefit of foreign and
domestic speculators. Not only set aside our
laws, but it is also a direct appeal from the de-
cisions of our courts to these Halls, unprecedented,
as I believe, in the history of the country. When
before has Congress been asked to override the
decisions of the courts, and who and what are
these applicants demanding such unprecedented
legislation ? Am I not justifiable, in the name and
in behalf of my State, to protest against the pas-
sage of this act, that can in npwide benefit the
country, while it destroys private rights, private
property, and wipes out the laws of a sovereign
State, and sets at defiance the decisions of its
highest courts?
Mr. ROGERS. This proposed legislation be-
fore the House is one that has never been pro-
posed to the Congress of the United-States before
in the history of this country. It is an unusual
and unprecedented attempt to transfer the power
and jurisdiction of a State over its railroads and
canals loeateef solely within the lines of thatState
to the Halls of Congress, and to override and set
at naught the decisions of the courts of New Jer-
sey in reference to one of its own domestic rail-
way systems, established by its own sovereign
power, within its own jurisdiction, and only on
its own soil.
I cannot believe, if the House understand this
question, that they will for a moment recognize
this attempted unfair and unjust legislation upon
the State of New Jersey; that State that has cheer-
fully responded to every call for men made upon
her, which has always been true to the Union,
true to the best anjslioblest interests of the coun-
try, always foremost in furnishing her respective '
quotas, whose troops in the field have shown a
bravery and patriotism unequaled in the history
of the world, whose railroads and canals have al-
ways beeii at the service of the Government in for-
warding troops and military supplies, and has ex-
tended to the Administration every means in her
power to assist him in putting down this rebellion.
The bill proposed to be passed has no parallel in
the history of legislation in this country. It is a
direct strike at the rights and chartered interests
of a corporation of the State, whose privileges
have been guarantied to them by the solemn con-
tract and plighted faith of the State.
The bill declares that the Camden and Atlantic
Railroad Company and the branches thereof, built
and to be built, and the railroad of the Raritan
and Delaware Bay Railroad Company and the
branches thereof, built and to be built, are hereby
declared to be lawful structures and public high-
ways of the United States; that the said railroads
and branches, with a ferry or ferries from Camden,
in the State of New Jersey, to Philadelphia, in
the State of Pennsylvania, and steamboats and
other vessels from Port Monmouth, in the State of
New Jersey, to the city of New York, running in
connection with said roads, are hereby established
and recognized as a post route, military road and
public highway of the United States for the pur-
pose of the transmission of the mails, troops, and
munitions of war of the United States, and for the
transportation of goods, wares, and merchandise
of foreign growth across the State of New Jersey
under permits granted by the collectors of ports
of thellnited States authorized to grant the same,
and for commerce among and between the several
States of the United States; and that the Camden
and Atlantic Railroad Company and the Raritan
and Delaware Bay Railroad Company, chartered
by the State of New Jersey, or either of them
or their assigns, are hereby authorized and em-
powered to complete, maintain, and operate the
said railroads and branches, and to establish, main-
tain, and run the said ferries, steamboais, and other
vessels as a line of transportation for goods, wares,
and merchandise of all descriptions, and passen-
gers, between the cities of New York and Phila-
delphia, and between the intermediate places and
said cities respectively, and for commerce be-
tween and among the several States of the United
States, anything in any law or laws of the above-
named States to the contrary notwithstanding.
1 claim there is no necessity'for this legislation,
and that if there was there is no warrant in the
Constitution of the United States that will allow
Congress through her Representatives from other
States of this Union to interfere with the local rail-
way system of any individual State which it has
incorporated merely for the purpose ofdoing busi-
ness within its limits. This bill before the House
is not a bill for the purppse of declaring this rail-
road a mere post route; it is not a bill for the
purpose of regulating commerce among the sev-
eral States; but it is a bill giving to two corpora-
tions which are creatures ofthe State of New Jer-
sey, and which derive their sole power through
the Legislature of that State, to do the business
of commoti carriers 'agSftWt lh  WWfract''ttMSJp
made with the State when they became creatures
of it by virtue of the charters Which'^avethem
power to run railroads between particular points
m the State for the purpose of doing a local busi^
ness. ■ ■ •
H is-not then forthe purpose of declaring these
-post roads; it is not a biU'for the purpo'se Of df-
claring them military roads; it is wot a%ill forth!"
purpose of regulating commerce b;et\yeeh thftite'r-
eral States of this Union under thegraftt'tffpower
given to Congress under the organic law'; hut wll
a mere bill toeririch Wall street speculators in NSw
Yorfc, and English capitaUstsWwo'ton J'lOOjOOOiSf
this stock, anil come here to induce Congress to
make worthless roads, the stock of which is wbrth
but twenty cents tin the dollar, sell in the market v
for one hundred, and thereby transfer the capital
of New Jersey and of the United States to Eng-
land forthe purpose Of fitting out piratical vessels
to prey upon thi commerce of this country*, and
to break down and destroy the fundamental prin-
ciples which lie at the foundation of dur fiatidtial
existence. - • ' • ' " •' ■'*
They ore trying to make this a political ques-
tion. This immense body of Wall street specu-
lators come here' for the purpose-of filling their
pockets at the expense of the loyal people of New
Jersey. They have and endeavor to get voteiftir
this bill from the other side of this House by {ire-
tending that this is a political question;' I say it
is no political question. It is a question which
interests the State of New Jersey and the whole
railroad system of the Union, because it is to set-
tle whether the States shall regulate their' own
railroad, canal, turnpike, and transportation sys-
tems, or whether they shall be regulated by the
Congress of the United States. *" • v:*
I believe if my honorable friend [Mr. Dom-
ing] who reported this bill understood the history
of the railroad legislation of New Jersey ■, he would
withdraw the report which he pretends and as-
serts was made unanimously by the committee,
when but fouror five members were present when
the matter was passed upon by the committee. In
1830, when scarcely any railroads had been es-
tablished in this country, when there was no rail-
road communication between the great city ofPliil-
adelphia and New York-
Mr. DEMING. Do I understand the gentle-
man from New Jersey to allege that this report
was not made unanimously? *
Mr. ROGERS. I was told that four members
of the committee were not present and did not
agree to the report of the committee. If I am
wrong I am witling to be corrected. '1
Mr. DEMING. I merely wish to correct an
error in fact.
Mr. ROGERS. How many members of the
committee were present when the report was
agreed to ?
Mr. DEMING. At the time the bill was agreed
to 1 think there were five or six members of the
committee present, and those who were not thetl
present have since assented to the report.
Mr. ROGERS. I have it from a member of
the committee that they did not agree to this re-
port.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think this matter should
be set right at the start. I would like to know
what member of the committee has made Such'k
statement outside of the committee. It'was my
distinct understanding that the report was unan-
imous.
Mr. ROGERS. 1 decline to yield to the gen-
tleman any longer, as I have but an hour's time,
which will compel me to make a hurried audvSry
rapid discussion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I call the gentleman
to order. It is not proper to refer to what fcfok
place in the committee. The gentlemftn is trav-
eling out of his record and referring t6 conversa-
tions with a member of the committee, disclosiftg
to him what took place in a committee of this
House in regard to a difference of opinion amo'njr
its members, when there was none- really, gnu
when there is no minority report.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman processes
to state what occurred in the ■committee-room he
is clearly out of order. The informal conversa
tion of gentlemen out of the committee-room, as
to what took place in the committee, is only a
question resting on theiraVnveracity. No mem-
ber has a right upon thfe floor of the House to
