1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS;
ity should be given by act of Congress to reopen the ac-
count and make all just credits and allowances.
Your obedient servant,
EDWEN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. J. Ft Farnsworth.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not at all satis-
factory to me; i do not know how it may be to
the Senate. Here is a joint resolution to allow a
paymaster some thirty-seven thousand dollars, I
believe,and upon what ground? Because a Sec-
retary of War directed him to pay it. If that
money was paid contrary to law, if John B.
Floyd directed this officer to pay this money for
an improper purpose, are we to sanction the
principle that Congress will come in and refund
the money to him? I do not know why this was
paid by this officer, but this letter from the War
Department places it entirely upon the ground
that*his superior officer ordered him to pay it.
We are at the mercy of the officers of the Gov-
ernment if that principle is to prevail.
It may be that this was a proper payment; I
do not know about that; but the evidence before
the Senate and the point of the communication
from fhe War Deffeutment is simply this: that
John B. Floyd, when Secretary of War, directed
this officer to make certain payments; he made
them; the accounting officers of theTicasury de-
cide that they were not proper payments and
cannot be allowed, and Congress is now to pass
a law to refund him that money because John B.
Floyd directed him to pay it. It seems to me it
will never do to sanction such a principle as that.
I should like to know what this payment was
fm , and how this order came to be given by John
B. Floyd, which the accounting officers of the
Treasury will not allow.
Mr. NESM1TH. The petition of Major Miller
is very short, and 1 will read it to the Senate.
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives:
The petition of M.ijor Monis S. Miller, quaiUnmastei
United Match Auny, lo-pectluily M-ts toi th •
That, in tin* yeais Iba'J and Itfoi), ho paid certainamounts
to thu i e-pccuve fiiin--of Ru-t>ell, M.ijois &, Waiidell, Brown
k Unwell,and Majors & llu-sell; that, on the examination
ol the account* at the TrtM-my, certain disallowances
weic made by the accounting ofliccis, by winch an amount
of nmti' than tluiiy--even thousand dnllai.* (£37,000) is
chained to your petitioner at the Treasury liepannient;
that these accounts weie paid by your petitioner on posi-
tive and expres-s oideiri oi the Secretaiy ol War and the
(luatteima&tor Geneial, mdor>ed in writing on the vouch-
ee; that a disobedience of those oideis would have di-
niissed jour peUlionci if arraigned theictoi belorc a contt-
ni.utial; that the present Cmnpttoller lias deeifled m wi ir-
mg that in such a ca>e the responsibility should be sought
cl-ewliete ; that the President lias expressed he- opinion in
w mnig that your petitioner should not be made to lo e the
money, hut th.it he cannot legally and piopeily intei leie;
that } out petitioner is theiefoie under the lieeesMly of ap-
pealing to Congiess.
lie thetolme [nays thatthe propei aeconntniff officer* be,
hy ici-oiutum, duceted to teeon^ulei the <j<w ofjoui jm'ti-
tioner .utd to settle the vouchee lctened to in such a tnau-
nci a  to credit to yom petitioner such of the^-e pa> ment-
al wete made, by the positive otdeis of the Seeietary ol
Wai and of your petitioner's immediate saipenoi, the
Quarteruiastei Geneial.
And your petitioner will ever pi ay.
Veiy lespeettully,
MORRIS S. MFLLEK,
Majorj Quartet maUcr.
Washington, D. 0., May 2o, 186-1.
I have hero also the opinion of the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury, which I will read:
All the disallowed vouchers in Major Miller's nceoirit
having been acted upon hy my predecessor on the saute
stale ol facts and evidence as now exirt, I am piochided
J urn1 i iiU;i taiuiiiu an appeal fioin In-- decisions, ihu in inv
opinion a militai v olTieei, one or' wluxe ln«h<'st dutie-; i-
obedience, should not sutler lor obeying the oideis ot hi<
supot loi-, when to have disobeyed would 11a\« subjected
hnn to punishment. In such a case the responsibility should
be aoujht elsewhere. J. M. lIllODIIEAD,
Comptroller.
Second Comptroller's Office, June 29,1SG3.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I really think if Senatois
will look at this claim they will see the danger of
passing this joint rcbulution. It seems now that
it is connected with the famous fraud pmcticid
upon the Grovei nment by Majoi a, Waddell & Co.
Theic ate claims pending against this Govern-
ment now in the Court ot Claims, and that have
been repeatedly before Congress, amounting to
hundreds of thousands, and I do not know but 1
may say of millions of dollars at this time; claims
winch the Secretary of War, John B. Floyd,
allowed, acceptances which he himself made.
l*sow, hero comes up a little claim—a lulle claim
compared with these larger ones, although it
amounts to some thiity-seven thousand dollais
—of a paymaster who saysthathe paid out money
in pursuance of an order of John B.Floyd to
these men Russell, Majors & Co. The account-
ing officers of the Treasury say that this money
was paid without authority of law, and they re-
fuse to allow it.
The Secretary of "War tells us, and one of the
Comptrollers tells us in a communication which
has been read, that it is not for a subordinate
officer to disobey; that he would have subjected
himself to court-martial if he had disobeyed, and
therefore he must payout the money. Sir, 1
deny that proposition. There is no safety if that
proposition is to be the law of the land. The
subordinate officer, if that order was contrary to
law, should have taken the responsibility of dis-
obeying it, and have gone before the court-mar-
tial,and the court-martial would havecxoneiated
him. The Secretary of War has no authority
to direct a paymaster to pay money to me or to
any citizen of the country except in pursuauceof
law.
I really think this \yill he establishing a very
dangerous precedent. This claim comes from the
Committee on Military Affairs. It seems to me
it had better be referred to our Committee on
Claims, and let them examine it. 1 only know
in regard to it what lias appeared here.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have not attended very
closely to this lesolution, and I wish to ask a
question. The business ofa paymaster is to pay
troops. Was this payment made toany troops?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it was made to
Russell & Majors, contractors, as I understand
the papeis.
Mr. NliSMlTII. The payment was made to
Russell & Majors lor transportation. It is not a
claim appropuatmg money now. This officer
acted m obedience to the older of the Secietaiv
of War and the Paymaster Geneial. The ques-
tion was not brought before him in any judicial
form that he could decide as to the right or the
legality of the claim. The vouchers were simply
indorsed by these office!s that their order to a
payment should add no discretion in the cuse to
make the payment. He made the payment in
pursuance of those orders, and the then Comp-
troller decided that the payment was imptopur.
The present Comptrollei admits the propriety of
the then payment, but says that lie is precluded
from leopeiung a decision made by Ins predeces-
sor. All that this resolution asks is that that
decision may be reopened.
Mr. COLLAMtfR A paymaster can be em-
ployed as the agent ot the Government in no way
on earth to pay any orders whatever except to
pay troops.
Mr. NESMITII. This gentleman is not a
paymaster, but a quaitermaster ol the United
Slates Army, who paid a bill for transposition.
If 1 used the woid "paymaster"! u*>ed itim-
piopeily. lie is a quai termaster of the United
States Army, engaged in making payments in
pursuance of the orders ot the Secretary of War
and the Q/mrtermaster General. The question
of the legality or illegality of the payment was
not before htm at all, and could not properly be
brought bt-foie him for judicial examination, lie
only acted upon imperative ouleis sent fioni his
superiors to disburse a ceitani amount of money
in his hands.
Mi. TRUMBULL. I do not profess to un-
dei ss'and this matter except what appears by these
papers. J f he paid out this money legally there
would he no tumble about his claim; it would be
allowed. Bat the S(cietaiy of War m his com-
munication , v. hi-.h has been read at the desk, says
that the account of thisquartermaster—i thought
it was a payment—ought to he opened, and he
allowed the sum of ^37,000 which he paid to Llus-
seli, Majors & Co., because he paid it in pur-
suance ol an ouhrof the Si ci ctai y of War, and
that if he had disobeyed that order he would have
subjected himself to a comi-iuarn.i 1.^ H that idle
js established it settles the pnuciple in these ureat
claims that have been against lh:s Government for
yeais. The neisoi.s holding tiiesj acceptances
of John B.Floyd paid that money over to this
same fnm of Russell, Majois & Waddi 11 on the
express acceptance in wilting of Floyd, and we
have refused to allow those claims. Now comes
up a quartermaster who claims that he should be
allowed £37,000 that he paid to these same coii-
tiactors tor tiansportatio'i, hecfui.se he was or-
dered by the Secretary of War to pay it. J shoatd
like to have this matter looked into, and Irnovfc
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which is the appropriate committee to examine
these things. That is th© committee to which
these claims have been presented heretofore, and I
think it ought to be considered by that commute„ei-
Mr. COWAN. 1 should like to remind -the
Senator from Illinois that the cases are entirely-
different. The parties who- purchased Fioydvs
acceptances were oot officers; they were not sub-
ordinates of Floyd; they were money-lenders,
speculators, and dealers in this species of seca-
nty. This, Lunderstaftd, is apayment mado
a quartermaster in pursuance of the-order of his.-
superior. It cannot be denied that the Govern-,
menthad some kind of dealings with Russell, Ma-
jors & Waddell. How was it possible for the
"quattermaster to know what they were?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why is it not allowed^
then, if it is a legal claim ?
Mr. COWAN. I do not know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The accounting officers
decided it to be illegal.
Mr. COWAN. I understand the accounting
officer to say that it was legal, but he is precluded
fiom entertaining an appeal from the judgment-of
his predecessor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I do not understand the accounting officer to
decide any such thing. He gives that as a rea-
son why he will not open it for reinvestigation;
Mr. COWAN. I understand the Senator from
Oregon to say that the present Comptroller is of
the opinion that the payment was a good arid
valid payment- 
. Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think'the paper
shows that.
Mr. COWAN. But that in consequence of
the decision of his predecessor he cannot now en-
tertain the appeal from that decision, and this is
simply opening the case and allowing him to re-
adjudieate upon it. If that is the case 1 think it
is one m which the claimant is entitled to relief.
I do not see why it should be otherwise. *
Mr. NESiVHTH. The letter of Mr. Brod-
hettd states:
"All the disallowed vouchers in Major Miller's account
having boon acted upim ti> mv picdecofsor on the samo
stale ol Ueu and evidence ji> now exist*-, 1 am pieeluded
tioin entcitainnm an appeal from in* decision,-. But in
in\ opinion ;i nnliuu y ofhcoi, one or' whose Inchest duties
i^"obedi<*i ee. should not-uftVr forobeym^the oideis oi'Iih
superiors vvln-n to have disobeyed would have >uhjcct<Jd
hnn to pune-lim-Mit. In mjl'Ii a ease the responsibility
should be sought c^cvvhcie.''
This matter was submitted to the President of
the United States, and he gave this opinion:
If it b true that Majoi Miller made payment-, under ex-
pre.-.- ouler ol the Societal> of War, a- a matter of equity
he. Majoi Miller,should not be made to lo e the money;
"hut the accountingoffied having*ettled the maUei, 1 doubt
both the legility and piopnetv ot intertercncohy\l\o Presi-
,-A. LINCOLN.
May 25, 1864.
Theie is no parallel at all between the cases re-
fened to by the Senator from Illinois, the accept-
ances of Floyd, and the payment of this money.
That was entirely unauthoiiz*'d by law and a
fraud upon the Government, but'this is a pay-
ment by a pally who is not alleged to have been
implicated in any fiauds in any way, but who
was directed by his superior officer to make a
certain payment when disobedience of that order
would have dismissed him from the soivicc. 1
do not think the aigument of the Senator fiom
Illinois is entirely conclusive os to what should
be the rights and duties under such cii cum stances
of a meie disbursingoflker, a qnmteimastcr who
has to pay out the funds in his hands. When
the question is submitted to hia superiors, both
the Secretary of War and the Quartermaster Gen-
era!, as to the legality of the payment, they arc
the parties to decide it, atid when the matter is
referred to the disbursing officer tor payment he
has no discrimination m the matterexcepr- topay
the order. I appeal to the Senator from Illinois
and ask him if he thinks, under these cireum-
stdnccs, the order coming before him indorsed by
these superiois, and he having made the pay-
ment dnectly in compliance with that order, tnis
officer should beheld responsible for this money,
narucuhuly when he had no diseuminafiOii in the
matter, and the judicial question, or the question
.►f the legality oi the payment, could not possibly
be brought before him?
