1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
of the Governmen t to inflict pumslimcnt; the purpose being
to dec Liiu the nnlluy < t t-ecos-sion as a fcslnte ordinance, to
denm; tiie object of tire war, and to cxpies* the sui^e of
C( i)!Xicj-: a - to the proper mode of restoring Imrmomou^
i (i.'Uoiih between tin* Government and certain oftlie Stales
and the dij-alfeeted people fheieof.
Mr. YEAMAN". Some days afterwards, under
the advicc of gentlemen whose opinions I value,
1 offered the following three resolutions, the two
first being slightly modified, in the hope of getting
a vote on them:
Resolved, That a conspiracy of persons combined to-
gether and assuming the name, of a t?tate, or a confedera-
tion of States, for levying war upon the United States, or
tor \vithdiawin<* <ueh States fiom the Union, does not ex-
tinguish the politic.dfianeliisesol the loyal citizcnsof such
Sute<; and r-neh loyal citizens have the iiLjlir, at any time,
to admini- tei. amend, or o-Ubli.-h a State poveinment with-
out othet condition than that it shall be republican in foim.
•2 That a ioimai lemrn ot leailim-^ion of any .'State into
the Union k> not aree-^aiy. It issuilieiennliattlie people,
or those who use loval, in any State, and qualified by the
election laws theieof m force before the lebelhon, shall, at
any time. ie -nine the 1 unctions ot a State government com-
patible with the Union and with the Constitution and laws
ot the United States; and doing this is sufficient evidence
of loyalty foi the puipo-e of doing it.
3. That .ill question* touching property-rights and Inter-
est-, atteintj out of confiscation and emancipation, and the
eflect and validity of an> Jaw, proclamation, military oidei,
eiiieigency of wai, or act of rebellion, upon the title to any
piopruv, oi upon the status of any pei-ons lir letofou; held
to seivice or labor ill any State under the law^ thereof, are
left foi ihejudieial determination of the courts of the United
States.
My motion for the previous question was not
sustained; the resolutions were referred to the
"committee on lebellious States;1'so while the
desired object of getting an expression of the
House way not accomplished, I felt encouraged
by the fact thnt no motion was made and sustained
to table the resolutions. 1 believe they could not
be tabled here; I am sure the nation does not re-
ject them. I have framed and submitted these
resolutions in good earnest. It is an attempt to
express the law of the case. It is no attack on
any patty as such, and was not expected to dnz-
zie the countty as a glutei ing political platform.
►Speaking of platforms, my mind is coming to the
conclusion that they, like some other American-
isms, have seen their day and served their pm-
pose. They are generally fiamed to win, and
generally forgotten if the prize is won, or aban-
doned il it is lost. 1 have already outlived some
dozens of the most approved make. Moreover,
honest men would find gieat difficulty in fram-
ing ono that would suit even themselves more than
a lew months at a tune, amid the rapid and mo-
mentousevents of a revolution. They do not last
long enough. The issue changes too tost. J speak
now of political platforms, and not ofle^al prin-
ciples. 1 have tiled to express the latter. And
let me here now predict that if our arms continue
successful, (and God giant they may!) the Great
point of departure between loyal men—the thing
about which they will differ m the next presiden-
tial contest—will be the mode and the means of
lestoiing the Union and the Government. 1 be-
lieve the ideas 1 luivetucd toexpiessm these les-
olutioiis can be made victorious before thepeople
in that contest, and believing that, I will also pro-
diet that if those with whom I have coopeiated
demand much more m behalf of the past than is
here expressed, they will demand an impossibil-
ity, meet with a disastrous overthrow, and neg-
lect the only available bnrners of the Constitution.
Some make a dead anchor of the past. I prefer
it as ballast and rudder.
I cannot be what is popuhuly termed a radical.
If i afiie,absni be a virtue, nature neglected me. But
it is not all conservatism when love for the past
blinds a man to the leabties of the present, and
excludes his mental view from the possibilities [!
and necessities of the future. We cannot always jj
contto) events, because what we call events aie \<
generally the effects of causes in operation before ii
we were born, or before we came on the stage, i;
Hutu is our duty to understand them, and we '!
cannot do this without the courage to look at them. I j
If we cannot command events we can at least see |j
their meaning and direct and guide them, and mit- !i
liMte their harsh ness, or tui n them to the best ac- ['
count. In private life this is common sense and 1
economy. In publichfeitmay notequal thekiyhest !,
achievements of genius, but it is generally good
statesmanship. Floods of opinion and passion, j
likelloods from the clouds, carry upon thwrsui face '
the debris of that they have broken. We may ■
guide and dnect it, levee it and dyke it, but if we
dam straight across it, the dam and the builder
will mote likely be carried away than the flood
will be stayed. Our duty is made the plainer by
the fact that we from the beginning sought to
extinguish the disparting volcano that has opened
the floods upon us. But I am wandering from
my subject. I desire some other time to discuss
the causes and effects of this great contest. For
the present my business is with the plan of res-
toration presented in these resolutions.
My entire political education, convictions, and
feelings have been against that metaphysical sys-
tem of State rights, State sovereignty, nullifica-
tion, and secession that has culminated in the pres-
ent war. I belong to the school of national poli-
tics, and thoroughly believe the lessons of the great
masteis Hamilton, Webster, Jackson, and Chief
Justicc Marshall. But I fear there may be danger
now in a different direction. The tremendous
struggle against secession, that political "gallop-
ing consumption," has not only developed to an
extraordinary degree the strength of the nation,
but, as if ideas must correspond with the condi-
tions of material existence and activity, has so
intensified and enlarged the idea of our nation-
ality as a Government that there seems dangcrof
a constructive and practical alteration of the whole
system without any alteration in its wording.
This is natural; it is one of the fruits of seces-
sion, but is likely to be carried so far as to need
to be guarded against.
Weie it in order I would move to amend the
title or name of the special committee raised on
the motion of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Davis.] I believe it is called the ''committee on
rebellious States." There are no rebellious States.
Under our system there may be men in rebellion,
but not States. I was as much gratified as aston-
ished to hear the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
LovkjoyJ say a few days ago that there are no
u rebel States " J [lope he will go with me to the
neccssary'and legitimate conclusion of that sound
legal doctrine. 1 know that in common parlance
this cxpicsses what we mean, and is admissible.
Dut 1 do insist that in the solemn forms of legis-
lative and judicial proceedings we should name
tin ogs and actions accurately, and not give to any-
thing a name inconsistent wtfh the meaning and
operation of our system. When Luther Martin
letiredfrom IhoConvention and returned to Mary-
land, among the reasons he rendered the Governor
of that State for his course, one was that when
the Convention had defined treason, and empow-
ered Congiess lo punish it, he asked foran amend-
ment or proviso that when the at t di fined as ti ea-
son ivas done in obodicncc to Ihc command of a,
State the Government could notpunish it, which
was rejected by the Convention. That alone would
demonstrate the character of our system, and that
theie neither is nor can be a rebel State—as such—
though all the people in a State may individually
be rebels. If our system were a Government of
States, and not of men and things, so that a State,
as such, might be m rebellion, 1 would see much
room for the thcoiyof tei ri torial governments by
Congress, or the resumption of State governments
on conditions prcscnbed by the Legislature in
peace, or the commander ju war. In the plan I
have pies) nted I have carefully tried to avoid
departure fiom the true theory of our system.
I deem it piopor to state that these resolutions
were penned before I left home to fake my seat
on this floor, and that at an informal meeting of
the Kentucky delegation, befoiethe organization
of the House, I advised my colleagues of my in-
tention to bring these questions,in this foim, be-
fore Congiess. 1 need not add that, though short
and simple, they have cost me much labor and
thought: and that, first and last, much has been
re jected as surplusage, inference, or argument;
and some substantive propositions have been dis-
carded as (ending to embanass or complicate the
one great idea had in view—apractical plaa of res-
toration. I select the word restoration in prefer-
ence to reconstruction, used in the President's
message. The class of unconditional Union men
to which I belong are not seeking to construct or
reconstruct a Government, but to restoie the one
we had. We do not say we will only have the
Union with a particular institution m some of the
States, or that we will only have the Union with-
out that institution. We will have the Govern-
malt, from the lakes to the Gulf and from the At-
lantic to the Pacific, and if, in the struggle to save jj
that Government, that institution has been affected
or not affected by laws, orders, and acts about
which there is a difference of opinion, we will sub-
mit their legitimacy and authority to that tribu-
nal, that coordinate department of the Govern-
ment, appointed by its founders to decide such
questions. Thisas loyalty. Less than this, or
more than this, is revolutionary.
Differing' as I do with the President in regard
to some of the leading features of his plan, as em-
bodied in the proclamation accompanying his mes-
sage, I must say I am gratified by three consid-
erations. While sqggestmg one plan he does
not exclude others; the plan itself theoretically
precludes the idea of State suicide, forfeiture,
merger, abdication, confusion; and the great point
is admitted that in the end it is a judicial question.
And this is a sufficient answer to it. If it be a
judicial question in theend,or if Congress, as ads
mitted, may act in the premises, and act differ-
ently from the Executive, any attempt at executive
action, while it would not defeat ultimate action by
other departments, does clearly delay it by pre-
senting obstacles to the action of the people.' Ju-
dicial or congressional action may not be had until
a case is presented, and I must say that a case is
not likely soon tooccurin the manner pointed out
by the President. And if it does, why should it
be either delayed or incumbered by conditions
precedent when it is admitted the conditions are
not binding, but may be disregarded by Congress
and the courts? I speak solely of the plan of res-
toration, and not of the conditions of executive
pardon. Or rather, I speak of the conditions of
pntdon in so far as they are made qualifications
of State citizenship. The two aie either very un-
fortunately or very adroitly, for a given end,
mixed together. While a rebel is pardoned on
condition of doing a certain thing, the loyal man
is required to do the same thing before he can
participate in a State government. The advant-
age is with the rebel, when itought to be with the
Union man. The rebel by the oath obtains par-
don and the rights of a citizen; while the Union
man, for the same thing,vs graciously granted
what he never lost or forfeited, the rights'of citi-
zenship. This is a poor reward for his faith and
his sufferings. The President may grant pardon
to criminals on such terms as he pleases. If we
differ with him, we can pass an amnesty bill.
Many of the more wicked I would not have par-
doned at all on any terms. Cut if we are not either
wiser or more bloodthirsty than other nations, we
will at the right time easily come to the point they
have all reached m such cases, of pardoning the
great mass of those who leturn to their loyalty
without further conditions. In this particular re-
publics and democracies ought not to be more ex-
acting than monarchies and despotisms. It is not
that a rebel deserves pardon, but clemency is at
once more magnanimous and more economical
than the extermination of a section or a party.
The President's plan loses sight of human na-
ture and the movements of the social or aggre-
gate mind in tumultuous and revolutionary times.
Theic is no account ofany considerable civil com-
motion—and none has been so considerable as
this—beingsettied in so formal and minute a man-
ner as the one indicated in the message. Great
quarrels are settled by the fortunes of war and
by the domination of great ideas and principles
rather than through the formality of making oaths
and recording them. We have attained our end
when the idea and the forces of the nation have pre-
vailed over the idea and the forces of secession, or
national disintegration. Parties advocating either
idea have raised a collateral issue about slavery,
and have exalted that issue into paramount im-
portance. Giving it that importance was a mis-
take, and the manner of conducting the contro-
versy is another. If slavery prevails over the
continent it will be by its own merit, and not by
political secession and military aggression, if
the genius of emancipation and " universal op-
poitunity'' picvails over the tiadition of slavery,
it will be by its own intiinsic force, aided by the
" friction and abrasion of war," and not by for-
cing men toswearoaths they do not believe. My
plan then is to leave this collateral issue where it
belongs, and protect loyal men, and encourage
tired and disgusted rebels in the good work of re-
suming the functions of aState government. We
are told by the President, and j know it is true,
that there are persons who have been engaged in
