THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1864.
New Series No. 13.
If these conclusions be correct; if secession be
void ; if rebellion is a persona! affair between the
citizen and the Government, it follows that the
conduct of the rebel can have no effect in abridg-
ing the rights of loyal men, and that whatever ef-
fect his acts may have in fact in perverting the
State government and intemipting its relations to
the Union, yet, being not only irregular but ille-
gal  it can not in kin affect the existence of the State
government. His conduct may affect his own re-
lations to his State, for loyalty to the Union or
the national Constitution was required of State
officers by most State constitutions ; and surely,
if his act be illegal, as all hero admit it to be, it
cannot be allowed to affect the rights of loyal cit-
izens in the affairs of a State government. How
far the effect of his conduct upon himself would
be removed by his own voluntary return to alle-
giance, need not now be discussed. I only sug-
gest that such return to loyalty, with all its rights
and immunities, should be as much encouraged
by the legislature and Executive, by statutes of
amnesty and proclamations and grants of pardon,
as is compatible with duty and public safety, re-
membering that while duty und safety Will al-
ways require examples of punishment for so great
a crime as this conspiracy, it will always be both
impossible and undesirable to punish criminally
whole communities of men.
If secession is void, and a combination of per-
sons in the name of a State to secede or to wage
war on the Government does not alter the legal
chaiactcrof theactdone,andif the military pottfer
of the Government is limited to overcoming icbels
* in arms, it would seem to follow that the occu-
. pation and holding by the arms of the Union the
territory of any State where the forces of the re-
bellion had temporarily suspended the operation
of the laws of the United States—such insurrec-
tionary forces beingovcrcomeand subdued—does
not give to the Government, or any department
thereof, any greater power or wider juiisdiction
in such State than it had before such insurrec-
tion. I do not see how this conclusion can be
avoided. I tun not discussing the nature or ex-
tent of the war powers of the Government in sup-
pressing armed rebellion. I will do that piescntly.
1 speak now of legislative power; the assumed
power to erect a terntm ial government in a State
after the rebellion in that State is suppressed, or
to merge all the seceded States in a common mass
and carve them out at pleasure, arraying the parts
in such political attire as we please. This right
did not exist and was not claimed before the re-
bellion. 1 have not been able to perceive how
the rebellion confeired such power on the Gov-
ernment. If secession were valid, or being in-
valid had yet become a successful revolution,
and the seceded States and their people had thus
become not only hostile but alien and, independ-
ent, and the Government had then made a simple
conquest of them and their country as such, I
could see, under the laws of nations and of war,
room for teriilonal government, and even for the
establishment of temporary civil government
undt-rfoims and teuns prescribed by the com-
mandeis of our forces. But that in vol\es elements
I do not intend to admit into this aigument; and
it is cut lous to my mind that the advocates of the
doctime do not perceive that it involves the ad-
mission of the legal right of secession or of a rev-
olution accomplished byfoice. Rutitissaid that
the rebellion did in fact destroy the State govern-
ments as members of the Union, because there
are no officials there toadministersuchagovern-
ment in the Union, and therefore the territory is
a tabula rasa, li a clean slate" wheieon Congress :
may write laws. It seems to me that the chief
attraction of the u clean-slate'5 argument to those
who use it is, that at present they have the pencil
in their own hands. The argument, or rather the
fjomparison,for there is noargumentm it,proves
too much. If the mere vacation or abdication of
office, or a refusal to disciuugn its functions, is
not merely an abeyance of administration, but is
such a dissolution of all government as to sur-
r'-nd'Taml forfeit the civil capacities and political
13
franchises of <he " source of all power," then it
is competent for a few executive, legislative, and
judicial officers, by a treasonable conspiracy, or
for an accident or assassination that would de-
stroy them, to produce such an interregnum in
the administration as will destroy the right of
government m a whole commonwealth. An in-
terregnum in the administration is nil the rebel-
lion has produced, and it has only done this in a
relative and legal sense, as a State of the Union,
for in point of fact there has been an administra-
tion there all the time. Does that suspension
destroy either the State government or the rights
of the loyal community of people stiil composing
that body-politic? The error is in mistaking the
officers of a State for the government of a State,
or an interregnum in administration for a disso-
lution of the government compact, a determina-
tion of a corporate existence—the alienation of
those things which our system declaies to be in-
alienable. If the effect of the rebellion upon the
administration of the State governments must be
considered as an accomplished revolution, vitally
affecting and changing their character and former
existence, the remedy is still plain: drive the re-
bellion out of the State, and invite, and encour-
age and protect the loyal people in accomplishing
another revolution by wheeling the State govern-
ment into the line of the Union. And tiiey will
co it. Has anybody on the other side objected
to the " provisional government" for the State of
Missouri, which,-for aught 1 know, was a neces-
sity under the circumstances; or to the emanci-
pation revolution that has been effected in that
State in the midst of war? Who did these things?
The loyal people of Missouri, who have kept the
State in the Union. And suppose now the loyal
people of Tennessee shall secede from secession,
or simply resume a loyal State government with-
out emancipation, who xvill stand uphereandsay
No; especially when the whole subject is left,
either with or without the consent of that State,
where it belongs, with the judiciary?
If secession is illegal and void the States are
not, in legal contemplation, out of the Union.
That being so, no formal readmission can be ne-
cessary. All that is needed is for the national
Government to defeat treason and rebellion in a
given State, and then for the people of that State,
or such as are willing, to resume the discharge of
the functions of a State government in the Union.
They can do this without conditions prescribed
by Congress or the President, because a State may
stay in~~the Union without any such conditions.
They can do this under their State government
as it existed before the rebellion, or under that
government altered or amended to suit themselves,
so that it be republican in foim.
This may be objected to as not requiring in
terms that the Union shall be restored as it was,
and the Stales with all their rights as they were.
The objection is not valid. The right of State
amendment exists all the while, in peace or war,
and if those who are, or have been, in rebellion
against the nation do not choose to quit it and
look to their interests and ideas in the State gov-
ernment, it is thru fault, and not ouis. If they
will not care for their interests, we cannotdo it for
them, and be fighting them at the same "time. And
then, it does restore the Union as lt^was, because
the Union is a constitutional idea, it is not made
of this or that kind of property; and restoration of
State governments in the manner 1 propose does
not alter the national Constitution, but leaves it as
it was, and therefore leaves the Union as it was.
I mean, in plain terms, that I will accept what-
; evergoveriimentappears to bi/fairly and legtilatly
l] organized by the loyal and competent people of
I! that State: and whoever requires more, than this,
|j either for or against any interest or institution,
ij makes the destruction or presci vation of that in-
l! terest paramount to the Union. Such a nvtora-
i] tion, in the mannerl propose, of any State go verii-
!; ment to the Union, would be with all us rights,
|i dignity, and equality, as a State government, un-
I impaired. If it comes baclcaltered in form or de-
ll tail, its relations to the natiunal Government end
to its sister States remain exactly the same. If
her interests or domestic institutions of any kind
have been filtered by any,means other than the
wishes of the people of the State, T submit the
mode to judicial scrutiny, and if the mode is'ap-
proved as being the legitimate operation of a "su-
preme law," the State has not been wronged. If
the mode is condemned as being incompetent, it
has accomplished nothing. In either case State
rights, dignity, and equality exist just as they diji
before. If the people make the alteration, it is
their business. If they do not make it, it is their
business, and in either case we have no right to
require the contrary. This is my theory, and it
is constitutional law. Under this theory, if In-
diana attempts to secede, gets into a war with the
nation, m the midst of the war is made a slave
State, and, when tired of a foolish fight, comes
back, she is restored to the Union with all her
rights, dignity, and equality as a State govern-
ment unimpaired. Some gentlemen on the other
side would think not, especially as to her dignity.
We will not discuss that. I speak of her legal
and political status as a government, and cannot
see how that is enhanced or lessened by the pres-
ence or absence of a given species of property.
So if Tennessee attempts to secede, gets into a
war with the nation, and in the midstof it is made
a free State, or is made so when the war has left
her borders and her citizens resume the-exercise
of the functions of a loyal State government, she
is restored with all her rights, dignity, and equality
as a State government unimpaired. Of course I
speak with the limitation that the means to the
end must be constitutional, and if there is a ques-
tion about that, I leave it where other law ques-
tions go. But suppose Tennessee does not come
bapk a free State, then what? " That's the rub"
on the other side. Have we any more right to
require that she shall than we have to require of
Indiana, in the case supposed, thatshe shall come
back with slaves? I have caught myself using the
expression " come back." I only mean a restora-
tion of a normal constitutional condition of the
body politic. In common parlance it expresses
what we mean. In law there is no coming back
to do, for in law they arc not gone out. And just
for this reason we cannot prescribe terms, since
we cannot prescribe terms upon which a State
may stay in the Union. My schemehas no refer-
ence to nor is it at all incompatible with the right
and the power of amendmentin the national Con-
stitution, which is not m abeyance, and exists
with or without civil war. Nor does it impede
justice or enlarge judicial power. The rebellion
and congressional statutes and military orders
and pioclamations raised the questions and made
them of infinite importance, and I propose to leave
them where their character assigns them. The
people of a State may resume the government they
had before the rebellion, recognizing and estab-
lishing slavery, but they of necessity, under our
system of Government, do it subject to whatever
thecourts of competent jurisdiction hold to be the
" supreme law of the land, anything in the Con-
stitution or laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstaiulmg." And though the action of that
supreme law and the judgment of the court ap-
plying it to the conduct anil estatesof parties may
affect'the property inteiest of individuals, may
change the title to a field, or set a slave fieri, or
remand a supposed freedman to slavery, the State
government, as such, is not injured. It was the
operation of law on men and acts and things, and
not the action of the general on the local govern-
ment. I am told the proclamation of emancipa-
tion is no law. I was at nmch pains once to show
that on this floor, and am of the same opinion
still. But loving my Government better than my
opinion as a lawyer, I will let the judges decide.
And here let me repeat what I have so often said
on the stump m my district, that being loyal my-
self, and living in a loyal State, I will not go to
war with my Government on account of anything
the President may or can do in regard to the
African lace in the seceded States. 1 warned them
they would come to grief on this matter, and I
