3192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
MESSAGE FJIOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the Houae of Representatives,
by Mr.McPiiERSo.v,its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate:
A bill (No, 115) to amoml an act entitled 41 An
act to define the powers and duties of the levy
court of the county of Washington, District of
Columbia;"
A bill (No. Ifi2) amendatory of an net to amend
an act entitled "An act to promote the progress
of the useful arts,"approved March 3, 1803; and
A bill (No. 279) to amend the act of Congress
making donations to the settlers on the public
lands in Oregon, approved September 21, 1850,
and the acts amendatory th&reto.
The message fui thin* announced that the House
of Representatives hud passed the followingHouse
bills and joint resolution; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate!
A bill (No. 537) to incorporate the Young
Men's Christian Association of the city of Wash-
ington;
A bill (No. 551) to incorporate the Colored
Catholic Benevolent Society;
A bill (No. 552) to increase the salaries of the
judges atid arbitrator appointed under the treaty
with Great Biitam for the suppression of the
slave trade; and
A joint resolution (No. 109) corrccting a cler-
ical error in the award of the emancipation com-
missioners.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled hills; which thereupon received
the signature of (lie Ptesident pro tempore:
A bill (H.R.No. 19*3) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government lor the year ending
June 30, 1805, and for other purposes; and
A bill (Li. U. No. 453) to increase the pension
of Isaac Allen. "
COURTS IN "WISCONSIN.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the committee of
I" conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 55) in relation to the
•circuit court m and for the district of Wisconsin,
and fur other pui poses, submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on ilio votes
of tho two Houses, on tho amendment to tin- hill (S3. No. 65)
in iclation to the circuit court in and tor the district ol
Wisconsin, and for other purposes, having met, alter (nil
und tiee conference have .triced to lueommend and do
recommend to theii reapedive follows:
That tiie Senate iceedo lroni its distgieement to the
amendment of the ilo«w, and agree to the faiime with an
amendment, u< follow*:
Jftovidcil, That all executions, processes, or orders is-
bued fioui the di-luet court oi any district in tlu&aet men-
tioned In c.i^es ti.iiirih'i u il t,o vhc circuit cuuU,and in part
executed, shall he reyui d'*d as having been issued ti nm the
circuit conit to which each particular case is transferred,
and shall be returned thereto. And no wut of execution,
or other final ptocess, or power exuicised, or proceeding
had in accordance with law to enforce any judgment or
decree, shall be att'eeted by reason of the transfer directed
by this act.
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
J. COL LAMER,
L. W. POWELL,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
JAMES F. WILSON,
JAMES S. BROWN,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
MILITARY INT1SRFBKENCI3 "WITH ELECTIONS.
Mr. HOWARD. f move to take up Senate
bill No. 37, to prevent officers of the Army and
Navy and other persons engaged in the military
and naval service of the United States from inter-
fering in elections m the States. It is the bill
which was passed yesterday, on which there was
a motion to reconsider.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is oil the motion of the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was passed.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the indulgence of the
Senate for a moment. This bill was passed yes-
terday, and a motion was made before the close
of the session yesterday by the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa to reconsider the vote on its pas-
sage. I hope the Senatu will reconsider the vote,
tor 1 am not able to see any reason whatever for
the passage of such a bill as this. Without
spending time upon it, 1 beg leave to say that by
the passage of this bill even in the form in which
it now is", the Senate will, seemingly at least, give
a cognovit to all the charges of improper and cor-
iupt interference on the part of the military au-
thorities of the United States in the State elections
of I8G3arid 1862. The Committee on Military
Affairs have had tins matter under very careful
consideration, and, as I remarked yesterday,
made«A very full and ample report on the whole
subject, and they came to the conclusion that
there was no necessity whatever for the passage
of any such bill as this.
As the bill stands, if it be in order for me to say
one word in respect to it, the following results
will flow fiom it. As it is now passed it readsas
follows:
That it shall not be lawful for any military or naval offi-
cer of the United States, or other person engaged in the
civil, miliUty, oi naval service of the United States, toor-
dcr, luing, k< ep, or have under ln-s authority or eontrol,
any Hoops or aimed men at the place when; an\ geneialor
special election is held in any Stale ol the United States
ol America, unions it shall bo necessary to repel the armed
enemies ol the United States, or to keep the peace at the
polls.
Giving permission for the employment of the
military forces of the United States at elections
only in those two cases, where there shall be armed
enemies of the United States at the polls, or where
jt shall be necessary to employ a military force to
keep the peace at the polls; and leaving the im-
plication perfectly irresistible that in all other
cases it shall not be lawful for the military au-
thoiities commanding in the field, or in the dis-
trict or department, as the case may be, to em-
ploy the military forces, although there might be
present at a poll, and there might be thronging
around that poll hundreds and thousands of rebels
who had just left the field of battle, and whose
hands were crimsoned with the blood of loyal
men; leaving that description of persons to come
to the polls quietly and deposit their votes, al-
though notonously rebels, and excluding, as I
remaiked, in such a case as that all interference
on the part of the authorities. 1 do not think it
is tiie purpose of the Senate of the United States
to pass any law which shall take away from the
military authorities m the field that tutelary au-
thority and protection which they have uniformly
thus far extended to the Union voters who went
quietly to the polls to vote; that authority by
which, in repeated instances,underalmostallour
commanders, rebels, and persons notonous for
their disloyalty, have been kept away from the
polls by this same military arm, and kept away
ftom the polls, why ? Because they were un-
friendly to the United States; m short, because
they were actual enemies, or so strongly suspected
of being actual enemies thatit was unsafe to allow
them to exercise this description of political i ights.
The report to^hich I have referred contains a
recital of a very great number of these military
orders given in Missouri by General Schofield;
in Kentucky by General Burnside; in Maryland
by General McCfellan and by General Dix; and
in Delaware by General Dix and by General
Schenck,the purpose and object of all of which were
to protect the Union voter in the quiet enjoyment
of his rights at the polls, and to keep away from
the polls persons of known disloyalty, or persons
who had been known to have engaged in actual
hostilities against the United States, it is said
that this is a dangerous power to place in the
hands of a military man. I admit that it jsdan-
geious, because it is a power easily abused; no-
body denies that all power, however necessary,
may be abused, and ail power is as easily abused,
so to speak, as is this military power; but is the
fact that it may be easily abused one which should
prohibit us from using the power? Is it a reason
why we should take away from the military au-
thorities this protective shield which they nave
held over the Union people in Kentucky, in Mis-
souri, in Maryland, and in Delaware? isita
leason for stripping them of all authority to expel
ftom the polls men who perhaps yesterday had
arms in their hands, and were actually engaged
in waging open war, bloody war against the Uni-
ted Slates? Still, if this bill is allowed to pass as
it is, such will be the exact effect of it; it will for-
bid our military authorities everywhere from
arresting or in any way interfering with a rebel
who shall come to the polls without arms, al-
though he may be perfectly well known to have
been a rebel, to have been engaged in hostilities
against the United States; perfectly well known
both to the military authorities and to the judges
of the election.
But it is said, Mr. President, that it is the ex-
clusive privilege of the States to protect their
polls, to protect their elections, and to prescribe
the rules which shall be observed at an election
in its conduct as well as to presciibe the qualifi-
cations of electors. I am not here to deny the
just power of the States in regard to elections and
the fixing of the qualifications of voters in a State.
I do not deny the power of the State in general
terms to prescribe these qualifications and to fix
these rules; but I do deny that in a time of war,
and this is a time of war, it is competentforany
State government to extend to a person who is a
public enemy of the United States, and against
whom and against whose class or community the
United States as a nation is waging war, any po-
litical right or privilege whatever, and I do as-
sert that in his capacity of a public enemy he is
in all respects and at all times subject to the laws
of the United States relating to him as a public
enemy, and subject to those laws in exclusion of
any conflicting law of the State relating to the
same subject. In short, I hold that the laws of
the United States on such subjects as upon all
other subjects are supreme, and that the State law
must yield to them. In a time of peace, I agree,
there being no necessity for the exercise of this
tutelary authority which I have referred to, it
would be incompetent for Congress to pass any
law relating to the qualification of electors in a
State or in any way regulating their elections.
We all know that a state of war and a atate of
peacc are two very different things. TheiSfates
cannot wage war. A State as a State cannot law-
fully be engaged in war; the whole of the war
power pertains exclusively to the United States
and not to the Slates. 1 hope that this bill will
be leconsidered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I do not
know whether the debate to the extent to which
it has been entered into by the honorable mem-
ber from Michigan is in order upon a motion to
reconsider. The bill is not yet before the Senate,
I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have but a word or two to
say, then, Mr.President. The bill as it has been
amended and passed gives to the authoiities of
the United States the right to use their military
power for the purpose of keeping the peace at the
polls. It is consequently, if it is not exerted be-
yond that limit, a power within the competency
of the Government provided, and provided only,
that assistance shall be asked for by the State.
But if the doctrines maintained by my fi iend from
Michigan aie to prevail I do not see that it will
make much difference whether we put down this
rebellion or not.
Mr. HOWARD. I-do not quite hear the Sen-
ator.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see, if your doc-
trines prevail,.what good, as far as personal or
individual liberty will be affected, whether we
succeed in putting a stop to the rebellion or not.
The honorable member tells us what weall know,
that upon all subjects over which the United States
have jurisdiction their laws are paramount to the
laws of the States, even in cases in which the
States have over the same subject concuirent
jurisdiction. That we all admit; but I jiever be-
fore heard until these recent times that the Con-
stitution of the United States gives to any branch
of the Government which it creates an authority
to interfere at all with the exercise of the elective
franchise.
Mr. HOWARD. Will my honorable friend
from Maryland allow me to ask him one question
right here?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. It is this, whether in a time
of war it is competent for a State, acting in its sov-
ereignty aa a State if you please, to permit a pub-
lic enemy of the United States to vote at the polls?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly not, but who is to
ascertain that? if the member from Michigan
should happen to be tho incumbent of the presi-
dential chair—and I should not weep at the pres-
