2216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
dition of raising the salary to that which is paid
to diplomatic officers of the same grade under the
old law.
Mr. PRUYN. I referred to the constitutional
right of thePtesident to nominate such a person.
Mr. KASSON. *1 think the gentleman over-
looks. the point of this provision, which is not to
allow him to send a minister there of that grade,
but to give him the right to do it without, an in-
crease of salary. The gentleman has, perhaps,
overlooked the law, which was passed some years
ago, (1856,) which authorized the appointment of
diplomatic officers of a certain grade and fixed
their salaries in all other countries than those spe-
cified in that law at $10,000 per annum. Hence
the President cannot establish this grade at the
court of Belgium without, at the same time, es-
tablishing the pay at $10,000.
Now, the Secretary of State has, I think with
with very commendable prudence and economy,
endeavored to check any increased expenditure
in his Department that is not absolutely neces-
sary.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to call the attention of
the gentleman to the fact that this clause does not
provide that if the President shall nominate and
the Senate confirm the appointment of a minister
to Belgium of this grade the salary shall be so
much.
Mr. KASSON. The end of the section docs
provide that very thing. It gives the President
power to appoint a minister there of this grade
without any mcrea.se of pay.
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman does not seem
to see my point. It is that the President has the
power now, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint a minister to B'dgium of
this grade, and it will then be for Congress to say
that his salary shall be so and so.
Mr. KASSON. I think I answered the point
of the gentleman from Now York before. The
President haw power to appoint this oiRcer now,
but he cannot do it without at the same time in-
creasing the expenditure and giving him a salary
beyond what is provided for by this bill. This
provision is only intended to enable him to uuse
the grade without ineieasing the expenditure.
I now send to the Clerk's desk to be read a
communication fiom the Secietary of State l elat-
ing to this subject.
The Clerk road, as follows:
Ukx'ariment of State.
WASiiiMiTOiN, March k23, lb64.
Sir* Ilmvethehonoi toneknowled-ie the receipt of 3 oui
note of tins date, trpu>eiitms,' that \on had lieen dm-ered
by the Committee on Foieign Atfau* to rcque.-t me to in-
form them t( the existing eneuui.-tatice.s ot the eounirv re-
quire llial the J.''ado 01 pav.u! any ol our ami eoii-
Hilf. .-hould be raided ; and if'so, 10 .^pecily the changes which
in my opinion arc advi-ahle
In leplv, I have the honot to slate th.it it is deemed ;ul-
vihjibte, on grounds ol ln«h public expediency, to autlionze
the giadc oi imiiiflei tumult til lit J5i u.-.seta to b<* raiM'd lo
that of envoy-extraoidnmiy and minister plenipotentiary
This hn>> been tepeaiedly requested by the Belgian Govern-
ment, \\ Inch ha* tor several yeais past been represented
lieiu by a, miritstei of the higiievt gi.ulo. The reciptooit)
may, theiefoio, be eoieodeu'd due on gromuls of interna-
tional eorintv and com rosy, (t would aho be a xvell-met
Hed compliment to the piesent ^oveteiyn of that eountiv,
who has shown himself to he a tine tneml ot out-, and
from whom we have a<ked and 1 wived l.ivoii as an at biter
between ti-< and other Fewerwinch h.ue impo-ed great
labor and revpon^ihihtles upon him which he li.u faith-
fully <li>eharged. '"'In* hep,mmetif would have heretofore
more stieimon-'Jy rce«>mmi"iitl'-d the change relet red to,
but tor an jminesston ih.it it would involve an inciease ot
the evpense of tile mission This, lio\vi*ve . !•> not neces-
sarily the c.vo as the gtade 01 the nu-sion may he author-
ized to be lais-ed upon condition th.it the compensation of
the minutct fhall not be increased
Hon. llr.nry Winter llu'is, Ch.nrman of the Committee
on Foreign *rtjf<ur$, llousr of Ri'jncseutat-na•<
Mr. KASSON. That expln ins fin* rejisons
why the Executive Denni tmentdesire tins change.
Gentlemen will observe that it has been ox pected
by the Government of Belgium for some yens
that this would be done. K was asked lor near
the close of the last Administration. They then
sent a full minister to this Government, and have
expected one in return.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask my colleague
on the Committee of Ways and Means a ques-
tion. I desire to know whether this mission to
Belgium is not of so little importance that the
minister can come away and be absent from his
post and travel through tins countiy and remain
away for a long time and leave all the business
to his secretary? i would inquire further if the
present ministei is Dot now absentiiom Jus post:
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I have desired,
if possible, to keep this debate free from any per-
sonal allusion to the minister now occupying that
post. The Secretary of State in his communica-
tions rests upon no such ground. That minister
is now in this country, as i understand, on im-
portant private business. He is in Michigan,
where he has important landed interests that re-
quire his attention. 1 do not know that for that
he deserves reproach. He being so fortunately
situated as to have large property to attend to is
at home attending to that business. I do not know
that he ought to be blamed for it.
Touching one other subject, the importance of
the mission, I think that gentlemen cannot fail to
perceive that at the court of Belgium there is more
diplomatic information of importance to be ob-
tained than at almost any othercourt in Europe.
The present King of Belgium is generally con-
ceded to be the wisest monarch in Europe. He
is consulted directly and indirectly by nearly
every Government in Europe. Every respect-
able Power of Europe is represented at that court
by full mmisteis and some of them by embassa-
dors, in consequence of the importance attached
to it. Some republics, too, are represented there
by a full minister for reasons which they think
satisfactory. The people ofBelgiumarean active,
industrious people; and the commerce between
that country and this is increasing to a great ex-
tent. An effort is now being made to establish a
line of steamers between Antwerp and NewYork,
in order to develop our commercial relations still
further.
We ourselves have been committed for years
to the character and importance of that court and
country by the action of this Government. We
have repeatedly referred the matters in arbitration
between our country and other Powers to the
monarch of Belgium; and in the last case between
this country and Chili that monarch was occu-
pied for two years in the examination of it, mid
his action upon it was so fair and just that, ihe
President of ihis country felt it his duty to ad-
dress to htm an autograph letter of thanks, signi-
fying the high appreciation the Government had
of his laborious set vice. I now ask whether,
when that Government has asked this action from
us, when it has sent to us a mimsterof the same
grade, when every other respectable Government
in Europe, is reptesented there by a minister of
that grade, it is the time for us to refuse power
to the President to send a minister of that grade?
That is the whole point. If a majority of the
House thinks that the salary should he increased
with the increase of grade, that is another ques-
tion. But I think when the executive branch of
the Government recommends it to be done with-
out increase of pay, when the Senate has resolved
that it shall be done without increase ol po y, when
we all think we ought to economize, 1 do think
that under these circumstances we should give
that discretion to the President to increase the
ginde without at the same tune raising the pay of
this minister. 1 beg pardon of the House for de-
taining it so long, but 1 believe I have explained
the leading facts and points involved in the ques-
tion
Mi. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I have one
word 10 say on this subject. Either give the full
pay or do not give the rank. The idea of bedeck-
ing tb'1 minister with feathers and ribbons for the
purpose of making a show and nothing else is not
according to my taste. If we ought to have a
minister with JIT,000 a year, give Imn that sal.u y,
let the President come at once and say that he
appoints such an officer. Belgium is a very snug
little kingdom. I believe it is neatly if not quite
as populous as the State of New York—nearly
three millions of people.
Mr. KASSON. Over five millions.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, it has grown lately
very fast. 1 admit thai the King of Belgium is
an excellent man; but,sir, i do notknow that we
are to make nny duTerenee between a good man
or a bad man on the throne there or any where else.
We ore to appoint our ministers by some rule.
"We have thought heretofore that a minister resi-
dent with $7,.">00 a year had a sufficient salary.
The gentleman who is there now is an excellent,
man I have not a particle of doubt. The §7,600
which he gets in gold does not amount to any-
thing m his pocket. He is rich enough to do
without it. But suppose he wue to die and it
should be my misfortune to be appointed there, I
would have to live upon the $7,500, and there
are a good many men in my position.
Now, we are not legislating for a wealthy in-
dividual. We must legislate according to,some
general rule. If the gentleman from Iowa will
raise the salary according to the rank i will con-
sider it. I will not promise to vote for it, but I
can vote for that when I cannot vote for this.
I believe at that place a minister resident, such
as we have at two thirds of the courts of Europe,
is sufficient, and that there are no circumstances
to justify a higher grade of rank unless the Pres-
ident, exercising the power he now has, will make
the appointment on his own responsibility, with
the salary attached to it. I donotthink itisgood
and wholesome legislation to provide merely for
decking a man off in gold lace, feathers, and fur-
belows; at least it is not such as I mean to vote for.
Mr. KASSON. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr.PRUYN. I move to strike outthe words
" who shall receive no higher compensation than
is now allowed to a minister resident."
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say that that leaves
it exactly according to the existing law.
Mr. PRUYN. That is just where I want to
place it.
Mr. KASSON. Then the gentleman should
move to strike out the whole section.
Mr. PRUYN. My own impression is that we
would do well to appoint a minister of full rank
to the court of Belgium. The President has the
power at any moment to make that appointment.
He has that power under the Constitution if he
pleases to exercise it.
The gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] the
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
who has charge of this bill, did not seem to ap-
preciate the point I made when this section was
first tead. He proposes here to give authority to
the President whictt'he has now under the Con-
stitution. He does not ask it and it is not with
un fo give. Under the Constitution the President
has the power to make such nominations of .for-
eign ministers as he may deem fit. All Congress
has to do is to fix the compensation. There is a
statute providing that in all cases where the com-
pensation of a minister of full rank is not fixed it
shall be $10,000, and the effectof theamendment
I propose would be, if the President should make
such a nomination, to make that salary $10,000 a
year, the same as that of other ministeis m Eu-
rope, and I believe in South America. The Pres-
ident has the right to make the nomination. I
have not the Constitution or 1 would quote its
language, but 1 beheve 1 am quite right. If we
are to have a minister of full rank, and 1 think on
the whole we ought to have, he should have a
proper salary. 1 think it would be a poor compli-
ment to send the King of Belgium a full minister
at a 1 educed salary.
Theamendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mi. KASSON. By this action we not only
leave the bill inconsistent with itself, but if we
disagree to the Senate amendment it will leave
the old law still in force. I trust that the House
will have confidence in th<  action of the Execu-
tive, the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and that it will at least signify to the
President its disposition to have this thing done
without increase of pay. 1 do not know that the
Committee on Foreign Alfairs has decided, but
I know that several members are m favor of this
pi oposilioii. And the only desire that I have is
to save the Government $2,500 or $5,000, as th;
ease may be. it stands just in this way: the in-
crease of salary is not asked for by the Execu-
tive Department, nor by the Senate, nor hy the
minister, and now,by this action, we save $5,000
or $2,500, as the case may be.
Mr. WILSON. I will ask my colleague if wc
reject the Senate amendment will not the Presi-
dent appoint a minister plenipotentiary to Bel-
gium ?
Mr. KASSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. Then 1 would like to know
why it is necessary for Congress to act in this
matter if the President has already the power to
appoint a minister plenipotentiary ? To my mind
it is conclusive evidence that the President, who
now holds the power to make the appointment,
believes it is not necessary to have a minister of
that lank at that court.
