1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
inconsistent, dsn the world has long been mis-
taken. The .incongruity is not in the law, but
in the character of the act, fact, or condition to
which different ptinciples of law arc applicable.
And at last what is war? It is an appeal from
the civil law, the law of protection, to the law of
force, the law of destruction, destruction of life
and property under given lules, to compel acqui-
escence. Is that to be accomplished by sending
ftgainst the enemy or his aiders and abettors an
executive or ministerial officer armed with a writ
andacopyof an indictment selected from themost
approved forms in the l< Code ofPractice?" It has
notbeensoheld by mankind; they have answered
force with force, and their Governments have been
so framed. The theory of war is destruction, and
the judgment, of mankind, based on the necessities
of tite case, lias invested it with certain powers;
while the morality of mankind has thrownaround
it certain restuctions, in the interests of humanity,
for economizing life, property, and suffering, as
if anxious, while admitting the necessity of de-
struction, to n\dke as little, suffice as possible.
Spies are arrested, detained, and executed with-
out the intervention of civil process, to prevent
surprise, information, or the destruction of acity
or an army. This isconceded by each belligerent
to the other as being in the interests of humanity.
A thousand rebels are captured with arms in their
hands, in the very overt act of treason as defined
by the Constitution. But they are treated, notas
traitors, but as prisoners of war, and exchanged
as such; and this in the interest of humanity and
under the usages of war. It might oven be held
with much plausibility that this is the legal right
of the citizen captured in a war of such magnitude
as to confer belligerent rights under the laws of
nations; that if the Government claims belligerent
poweis it must giant belhgeient rights as to per-
sons taken in the act of war. I once thought the
naked law (to say nothing of a humane and wise
policy) was otherwise; 1 may have been mistak-
en, and will not now decide. If that is the law,
anntherinteresting question would arise where the
Government obtains the possession of the person
of a piisoner, not by capture m war, but by airest
undoreivil process,and proceeds to indict him for
an act in levying that war. Would the manner
of eaptuiiirg his person alter his rights in the prem-
ises? I will not discuss that. The resolution is
guarded; it declares that secession,as such,is no
excuse, and does not alter the legal character of
the act done; hut also declares that no valid de-
fense is lessened or abridged. If it turns out that
a H'bel is entitled to acquittal because the rebellion,
in the stage at which he did the act, had become a
war, I imagine enough cases can be found of clear
guilt before that stage to satisfy the demands for
justice. I would think a man's complicity in a
combination and conspiracy to o\eithio\v the
Gfuernment and levy war against it, much of it
wntten at these desks and sent to the press, the
mails, anil the wucs from this Hall, and assum-
ing the distinct form of levying war by laismg
tioops for that purpose, would not be excused on
the ground that a few months afterwards the fruit
of his treason was a frightful public war. And
this class of cases embraces all the more guilty
and culpable; a thousand tunes more guilty than
those who afterwards went with the excitement,
the tonent, and the fear of the times, or obeyed
the command of a remorseless power against which
we were at the time unable to protect them. The
laws of war, like the common law, existed and
were understood when the Constitution was writ-
ten, and both, if not parts of that instrument are
at least its adjuncts. While rccognized as a part
of jhe laws of'the land, they could not bedeliued
oi limited in detail in the fundamental law. That
would have made the Constitution a libiary in-
stead of an instrument. That duty or function
is left to the department of the Government cre-
ated for the purpose of defining, construing, and
applying the law.
What objection can there be to submitting all
tiiese questions to the courts? Are they not legal
questions? The arguments used to show that
emancipation is or is not an accomplished fact
show the question to be legal, and not political.
Will any ieject the pioposition because they doubt
whether the courts will agree with them? Then
tiny would assume the functions of another de-
partment; they would be both legislators and
judges, and substitute their own construction, it
may be their prejudices, for the official judgment
of a tribunal erected by the Constitution to de-
termine such questions. I offer the resolution on
the principle that ice shall not both enact and ex-
pound the law, and then order its execution ac-
cording to our exposition. I offer it on the prin-
ciple that the President or a general shall not
measure bis own power, construe the law his own
way, and then make the execution as broad as
the measure or the construction, withoutthe right
of inquiry or appeal by the citizen. I offer it in
opposition to absolutism, whether of one man or
of many men; whether of the Legislature, the
Executive, or of that form of democracy which,
when met in the market-place in Athens to sit as
a court to condemn (not to try) a general who had
lost a battle, claimed the right to disregard the law
because theyhad made the law. 1 offer it in vindi-
cation of oursystem of Government, that division
of power that is the great safeguard of Anglican
liberty—a department to enact, a drpaitnn nt to
construe and apply, and a department to execute.
Congress may declare war and pass laws to pun-
ish treason, and the President may command
armies and make military orders, but the letter,
the spirit, and the histoiy of our organized civil
liberty—a history for six- centuries written more
in blood than ink—unite in demanding that the
judge shall say whether, under these laws and
these orders, the citizen has lost his estate or the
slave his bonds. I offer it in the name of the Con-
stitution we have sworn to support. 1 offer it in
the name of freedom, (if my Republican friends
will excuse me for saying so,) for while I differ
with them as to the legal effect of a universal paper
edict of emancipation, I yet hold there may be
cases, 1 say not. how many,in the progress of this
war, and under the operation of laws for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, in which freedom has
vested; and I would interpose between the freed-
man and the local prejudice and violence that
would reenslavc him that ermine shield whose
power is light, whoso stiength is purity. 1 offer
it in the name of humanity; for whon the slavery
question comes to be the last question in this fight,
seeing the impossibility of extiernists to agiee
about it, and that they would immolate each other
upon it as upon the altar of Moloch, it will be one
of those cases, familiar to the profession, in which
it is more important the lawshould be settled than
that it should be settled either way. It is better
the court should dcclarc a negro a fieedman, or
declare him a slave, (not make him one,) than that
the white rare of this eontinentshall he consumed
in an ignoble strife about the status of the black
race, i say when it comes to that, a struggle
for the supremacy of this Govei ninent is not igno-
ble. If any man is afraid the judge will not de-
cide it aright, examine yourself again and see if
you are not merely afraid he will not decide ac-
cording to your way of thinking. Is the question
too vast, t<> be decided by that tribunal? That is
begging the question. It is ceitainly too vast to
be decided by prejudice and passion, the interests
of disputants,or the uncertainty of war. It would
be difficult to show that heated partisans and
blundeiing generals would be more apt to decide
a legal question aright than a tribunal whosestudy
and usefulness and ambition and reputation are
in discovering and defining justice and truth. 1
know it is not according to tiie habits of man in
great quarrels that questions about the political
and legal statils of a whole lace shall be thus
decided. They have preferred to cut each other's
throats until one or^the other yields; may we
not set a better example, and if there are those
who do not like the decision, refer the question,
not hack to the battle-field, but to the power of
amendment—the people m convention? That
mode is not now available by icason of the con-
dition of inote than one fouith of the Stales.
What we want isn feasible plan, by which States
and people may begin to leturn to allegiance.
My allegiance to the Constitution is so great, my
love for the theory and the piactsce of our Gov-
ernmentso profound, that I am willing atiy ques-
tion shall be settled in the legitimate way pointed
out by the system. The •mmensity of the interest
and the august character ot the inbttna! win me
to the proposition. There is a moial grandeur
in the spectacle befoie which "the pride, pomp,
and circumstance of glorious war"do "pule their
ineffectual fires." An agreement so to refer it
would he the superiority of moral over physical
courage, of intellect over force, and the spirit of
law, the fruit of reason, over the chance and the
carnage of battle. If one says "the courts will be
arranged for the question," I say that is an im-
putation on the judiciary and on human nature;
and moreover this suggestion comes from those
whose opinions and theories have no hope else-
where. The Executive is against them, the Legis-
lature is against them, it may be that the Army
is against them, and if there is any other power
but the courts for them to appeal to, I have not
been able to discover it. And shall I be answered
by the other side that because there is so much
{lower with them just now they will not risk a
solution on the plan I propose, but will use that
power to compel men to accept the scheme of
universal emancipation? Then you have more
confidence in your power than in your idea. If
your idea ought to prevail it will prevail in the
fullness of time, and the conduct of the rebel
master has called into activity agencies and influ-
ences that may appoint the time fully as soon aa
the emancipated negro as a race will be able to
bear it. You endanger your idea by exalting it
too much and purchasing the consent not the
conviction of mankindjit the price of too much
blood. At present, suppression of the rebellion
is, in some quarters and in some degree, coupled
with the anti-slavery idea because the rebellion
seems to them in some degree coupled with the
pro-slavery idea, arid they hate the rebellion more'
than they love slavery. May wc not yet be as-
tonished with the phenomenon that resistance to
our present tendency toward violence and sud-
den change will in some degree assume the pro-
slavery idea, for reasons of the same sort? Re-
actions result from too much sufFeiing, too much
exhaustion; and generaly reinstate an idea that
seemed utterly overthrown. France would to-day
have been a republic but for the excesses of de-
mociacy. Who in Fiance in 1793-94 would
have ventured to dream of monarchy any more?
But the idea of submitting to the Consulate and
the Empire was born of the idea of an insupport-
able anuichy and a bloodthirsty equality.
I do not fear the courts; the highest one in the
land, m the disposition of a leading case on this
subject, ruled some points that did not meet my
approval; but they were the court and I was the
citizen; they decided and I submitted. Mycon-
fidence is neitherlost norimpaiied,and I mustsay
that if the courts had, in the past, been a tithe so
unscrupulous as legislative majorities, or half so
grasping and vatiable as executive heads,the sheet-
anchor of personal liberty and of all good govern-
ment—an uptight, independent, and learned judi-
ciary—would long since have been lost to our race.
No, sir, I have confidence, a confidence made
cheerful and easy by the spn it of submission to the
law—the law as expounded and decided. His-
tory and mankind will justify that confidence; I
challenge it in others; if it is lefused, 1 leave his-
tory and mankind to judge between us.
A word forthe Union men of Kentuckyand the
border States. We are the most unconditional of
Union men, as may easily be shown to you. One
party will have the Union if they can have it with
their theory of State rights and State sovereignty
—they may have their theory if thev will leave
us the Union. Another party would have the
Union if they can have it with slavei y; and an-
other party would have the Union if they can have
it without slavery. We are for the Union and the
Govemrftent, with the negro or without the negro.
Understand m< ; we do not sanction efforts to de-
stroy slavery as u means of saving the .Union.
Wc depiecate and d< nounce them as unwise and
revolutionary. But we cling to the Government;
secession assails it, and if between the two slavery
isgiound out as between the upper and nether
millstone, so be it; we are still tor the Govern-
ment. The real character of our unionism has
not been understood; we have been denounced as
loving slavery better than the Union because we
have tued to save the Constitution as well as the
Union. Our unionism is not pro-slavery and it
is not anti-slavery. The spirit, the chief element,
the life of our unionism, is a thorough,profound,
and elementary condemnation of the theory and
practice of sece&ttion as destructive to all good gov-
ernment, and an equally profound conviction of
the unity and oneness of our national Government
as created by the Constitution of the United States.
This is a just definition of our unionism; it rises
