1864-.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KASSON. The necessity .for this law is
that if he does make a minister of that grade he
does it at the cost of an increased expenditure to
the Treasury, when the dignity of the country
does not require an increased appropriation. The
law authorizes lum to establish the grade now.
Mr. WILSON. The argument which thegen-
tlernan now makes is in favoyff the appointment
of such men, and only suchj*as have abundant
means aside from the salary to maintain a proper
position at the court, and therefore it is an argu-
ment really against the appointment of men who
have not abundant means, and it makes a dis-
tinction between citizens of the country. Hence
I am opposed to it upon that ground.
Mr. KASSON. It is hardly necessary to meet
that argument, which is evidently applicable to
another purpose than that to which it is applied.
All I have to say is that we have already estab-
lished different glades, with pay varying from
$17,500, as at London and Paris, to $12,000, as
at St. Pctersbuig and Berlin. In South America
we pay $10,000. The gentleman's argument ap-
plies to the whole system if it appiiesatall. The
court of Belgium is not as expensive a court as
some others. For reasons satisfactory to Con-
gress they have established this grade of pay
and made it depend upon two things: the import-
ance of the mission and the expense of living at
the capital to which the minister is accredited
Under these circumstances,it is no violation at
all of the piactice of Congress and of the Gov-
ernment in that respect to make this discrimina-
tion hero. If itbecomes necessary hereafter to in-
crease the pay we can increase it as we increased
the pay generally a few years ago. It is no de-
parture, therefore, fiom the uniform practice of
the Government to adapt the pay to the circum-
stances of the court and the importance of it.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. KASSON. I have no objection, if the
gentleman will ask me a sincere one.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not desire to ask any
but a sincere question. The gentleman says he
admits that the Government is not in a situation
now to raise the pay equal to the grade of the
minister. Then does it not follow that we are
proposing here to put upon an officer whom we
send abroad an expense which we confess we are^
not able to afford ?
Mr. KASSON. I do not see it. On the con-
trary, there is no additional expense imposed
upon him, that I am aware of, by this change of
grade. Hut it does facilitate greatly the transac-
tion of business at foreign courts to have a min-
ister of a high grade. I have seen our minister
atone court detained for hours in an ante-room
waiting for ministers of a higher grade who came
after lum to get through their business with the
foreign minister before he could attend to that of
our minister. I submit, therefore, that when
there is a practical advantage in the discharge of
business, when this matter of etiquette is a stub-
born fact which we cannot get over, when it is
part of the law of the administration of foreign
courts, whether we should not yield to it, as we
may do without cost to our Government, arid at
the same time increase the dignity of this Repub-
lic at a foreign court. I speak of what 1 have
seen and what 1 know when 1 say that hours
upon hours have been lost—because of this law
of etiquette, which is as unchangeable as the law
of the Medes and Persians—by our ministers,
who wait while the higher grades take prece-
{Jciice.
Mr. STEVENS. May I inquire of my col-
league on the Committee of Ways and Means
whether at these courts our ministers are so much
engaged every hour of the day that they cannot
afford to wait?
Mr. KASSON. I think the gentleman knows
well enough that abroad, even as lieie at our own
plain, republican court, at the foieign offices they
have one day in the week to receive foreign min-
isters and transact their business. If the busi-
ness is not tiaiu3acted on the Ihursday or Satur-
day Oil which the minister calls it lies over for
another week, unless indeed he go^s through the
form of a special request, supplicating an ap-
pointment for another intermediate day, and re-
ceiving an answer fixing the tune, which involve:;
a good deal of labor and etiquette.
Mr. WILSON. Would not thatai-uuiem le-
quire an increase in the rank of all our ministers
abroad ?
Mr. KASSON. No, because some of our min-
isters are of the highest rank, and some of less
rank have no trouble at inferior courts.
Mr. WILSON. All those of subordinate rank
must meet with similar difficulties.
Mr. KASSON. No; some are at courts of by
no means the same importance. Take Switzer-
land, for example; there is less court etiquette
there and we have much less business there thai,
we have at the court of Belgium. Brussels isone
of the great diplomatic centers of Europe.
Mr. WILSON. Does my colleague think that
the business interests of this country willsuffer
unless we increase the grade of this mission?
Mr. KASSON. I think that the business will
be delayed, and that the good opinion in regard
to our country of the King of the Belgians will be
affected by a refusal of this courtesy. If my col-
league listened to the reading of the letter of the
Secretary of State he will have noticed what is
there stated, that near the close of the last Ad-
ministration the Belgian Government asked t,hat
we should accredit a full minister to that court.
"We all know that we are not only under obliga-
tions of courtesy to the King of the Belgians but
that we are under higher obligations to him, es-
pecially since the war broke out.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to call the attention of
the House, in the first place, to a preliminary
point, and then I will make a proposition which
I think will meet the views of the member of the
Committee of Ways and Means who has this bill
in charge.
By tlie Constitution of the United States the
President is vested with full power in regard to |
this matter and we have none. I will read that
clause of the Constitution:
" He [the President] -!n! have power, by and Willi the
advice and con-cut of the Senate, to make treaties, pio-
vided two thirds of the Senator present concur; and he
shall nominate, and i>v and with the advice and consent
of the Senale, shall appoint etnba^adois, other public
mim-iers, consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and other
otiicers."
It has always been claimed that, under that
clause of the Constitution, this Congress had no
power to pass upon questions of the rank of for-
eign ministers. The President nominates to a
foreign court either a charge d'affaires, or a min-
ister resident,or a minister plenipotentiary. He
docs what he pleases in that regard. It then re-
mains with Congress to say what salary they
will pay.
Now, I think, with regard to this particular
case, that if we make any change, and 1 think a
change might well be made, we ought to give a
proper salary, or it is no compliment to the King
of the Belgians to make the change; at any rate
the value of the compliment is much diminished.
What I think we ought to do, and what I am
prepaied to vote for if the gentleman who repre-
sents the Committee of Ways and Means will
make the proposition, is to appropriate $12,000
for the purpose of paying the salary of a minister
of full rank to the couit of Belgium, provided
the President and Senate shall make the appoint-
ment.
Now, sir, a word with regard to the expense
of a residence at the court of Belgium. Formerly
the cost of a residence at Brussels was very much
less than at Paris oi at any of the great courts of
Europe; and that city, even within a very few
years past, became the residence of a large num-
ber of English persons who went there for the
purpose of li ving at less expense than tliey could
doat home. Hut things have very much changed,
and now the cost of living at Brussels is substan-
tially the same as at Pans or London. I may be
permitted to say,and I do notthink it avioiation
of puvate confidence to say, with reference to the
present minister to Belgium, that during the last
year he has spent tluee or four times the amount
of his salary.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman from New York
will allow rue lo say that a portion of that sum
has been expended in the purchase ofsomeveiy
fine guns that were furnished to our soldiers in
the Noithwest and are now in the service.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 did not take this intoaccount.
There is a large expenditure behind which 1 did
not say anything about. It strikes tue, Mr.
ijpcaltri, that we should make a liberal ai ran^p-
intiil Willi all oui ministers to Emope, e -peeiaily
in the present condition of our country, , My
reasoning is exactly the.reverse of that of pth,er
gentlemen in this House. I think it is.otle- .of
the greatest mistakes this country has made that
two years ago when the Secretary of State rec-
ommended a large appropriation for th? ptupose
of sending commissioners to the international
exhibition atLondon this House refused to malfc
it. I think we should have then given the world
to understand that, notwithstanding the; great
struggle in which we are engaged, all our vitality
still exists. We should have sent out a com-
mission to that exhibition that would have main-
tained the high standing and influence of this«q«li-
try.
And so, Mr. Speaker, with reference to our
ministers to Europe, I am in favor of maintaining
them in their full efficiency and character, and of
giving them everything necessary to influence
public opinion ill Europe in regard to this coun-
try, its present condition and future prospects. I
trust if we make any change at all we will make
a change that will be a thorough one, and give
our ministers not only the proper rank but the
proper salary. If it is not done this year it will
be done the next. My amendment is as follows:
Strike out section three and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing;
The sum of $19,000 be and the same is hereby appropri-
ated to pay the salary of an envoy extraordinary and min-
ister plenipotentiary to the kingdom of Belgium, if the Pres-
dent m the exercise of his constitutional powershall see fit
to appoint such officer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
RECEIPTS, ETC., OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid' before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a statement showing the receipts and expendi-
tures for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1863;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOOPER offered a resolution thatonehun-
dred and fifty copies of the statement of receipts
and expenditures prepared by the Register of the
Treasury for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1863, be'printed for the use of the Secretary of
the Treasury; which was referred under the rule
to the Committee on Printing.
The question was put on Mr. Davis's motion;
and it was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at half past four o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 11, 1864.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ELECTION Off CHAPLAIN.
In pursuance of the order made on Monday-
last the Senate proceeded to the election of a Chap-
lain, with the following result:
Rev. Thos. Bowman, D. D., received 24 votes.
Rev. E. H. Gray received 15 votes.
Rev. Dr. Bowman, having received a majority
of the votes cast, was declared to be duly chosen
Chaplain for the Senate.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a petition of Com-
modore W. D. Porter, United States Navy, on
the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 273) to com-
pensate the officers and crew of the iron-clad gun-
boat Essex for the destruction of the rebel ram
Arkansas, accompanied by a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Navy on the subject. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the com-
munication w&s oidered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions and me-
morial, asked to be discharged from their further
consideiation; which was agreed to:
A petition of citizens of Missouri, praying that
the officers and crew of the gunboat Essex may
be suitably lewarded for the destruction of the
rebel ram Aikansas;
A petition of citizens of Cairo, Illinois, praying
for the permanent location of a navy and dock-
yard and naval depot at that place; and
A memorial of the mayor and common coun-
cil of the city of Jeffersonville, Indiana, praying
lor the- location of an armory and navy-yard at
that piaee.
