1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G'lQBSSf
ent time to find him there—would it be for him
to decide whether, as a citizen of Maryland, t was
entitled to vote at an election in my own State?
There is but one subject upon which the United
States have any authority to interfere with elec-
tions. Over the times, the places, and the manner,
the Constitution gives to the several Stages the
exclusive authority with two exceptions, that have
nothing in the world to do with the manner in
which the franchise is to be exercised or the par-
ties who are to exercise it. Upon all other sub-
jects therefore than of time and manner, the juris-
diction of the States is just as paramount and
exclusive as it was before the Constitution was
adopted. Now, my friend asks, is it possible that
in a state of war the States are to have the priv-
ilege of deciding for themselves who shall exert
the elective franchise? Why not?
Mr. HOWARD. I beg pardon of the Senator
from Maryland; 1 must correct him. 1 have not
made any such statement as that. What I have
said substantially is that it was incompetent for
a State in a state of war to allow a public enemy
of the United States to vote at the polls, and I
understand the honorable Senator as admitting
the truth of that proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, so far as itis itself
concerned; but the honorable member claims for
the Government of the United States the right to
decidc it. I was about to put a case to him.
With reference to the question in issue between
him and myself there is no difference between a
civil war and any other war. A war waged with
a^foreign nation is a war, and there may be traitors
to the Government, by giving aid and comfort to
the- enemy, who ought not to be permitted to vote;
but can the Government carry its armies into the
States and say to the States, u We claim the right
to decide who is to vote, not you?"
Mr. HOWARD. In just such a case as that,
if the Senator will allow me, I do claim the right
for the United Slates to nay to the publicencmy,
" You shall not vote at the polls of the State," If
that be not the right of the United States, then
the United States is without power for the pur-
pose of determining who is a public enemy. Cer-
tainly, it is not for a State to determine who is a
public enemy of the United States and to make
that decision bintftng upon theGovcrnmentofthe
United States, or who is a friend of the United
State,-s and make that binding.
Mr. JOHNSON. In determining on the part of
the United States who is an enemy of the United
States, does the honorable member mean to say
that thoy can go into the State and take up any
individuals that they think proper upon the
ground that they are public enemies and incar-
ceiatc them in prison without previous proceed-
ing or indictment or trial ? lam sure he would
not go to the extent of so holding; and yet what
difference m principle is there between a case of
that description and their claiming a right to go
into the States and to say to A, B, and C, who
happen to be at the polls, " We pronounce you to
be public enemies; you shall not put your ballot
into the box, although your State by us laws has
provided no test which will exclude you?"
I had thought, Mr. President, that we were in
a free land, that if there was a Government upon
the face of the habitable globe where the princi-
ples of freedom were instilled and incorporated
into their institutions, it was the Government of
the United States; but the doctrine of my friend
from Michigan makes it virtually a military des-
potism; just as absolute, yes, more absolute than
that which is now being wielted by the present
Napoleon; and I make bold to say, the history
of England will bear me out in the assertion, that
such conductas the honorable member maintains
may be used toward the States by the Govern-
ment of the United States througli its military,
if resorted to in England under the authonty
either of Parliament or of the queen, it would
cause her time-honored institutions to topple into
ruin. Who ever heard in England, in times of
the greatest political excitement, when they were
passing almost every species of law in order to
do what they deemed to be necessary to protect
their institutions, that any English statesman or
English monarch since the days of Henry VI U
claimed to regulate elections m any way by force
of military power?
Why, Mr. Piesident, theie, under a Govern-
ment called a monarchy, a Government which
we have proudly considered uotil recently as
not free in comparison with our own; there the
use of the military in putting down a riot is
regulated by statute,,and the officer who under-
takes to deviatefrom ita hair's breadth is brought
to summary and condign punishment. We have
a Government nominally republican; really re-
publican as far as our Constitution is concerned;
free as ever was vouchsafed to man; as admi-
rable as man ever enjoyed; protective of human
liberty, if its provisions are carried out into
practical exertion, as any ever furnished to hu-
man freedom; and yet here, in the Senate of the
United States, my honorable friend, imbued as
he is with the lore of his profession, and wedded
as I have no doubt he is to the freedom which
we should enjoy, advocates principles on this
floor which will make us, in the estimation of
English statesmen, a scorn and a reproach. In
the name of God, by the spirits of the departed
great who gave us these institutions, who devoted
the years of their lives and poured out their blood
in achieving the independence which enabled us
to have such institutions, I protest with all the
seriousness that I can against such doctrines.
One step further—it would indeed not be a step
further, it would be but the same step; practi-
cally it amounts to the same thing; you claim the
right to say who is to vote: tell us then whom we
are to vote for. The one, as far as principle is
concerned, is identical with the other. A presi-
dential election is close at hand: whom am I to
vote for? 1 ought to exercise my own judgment
in passing upon that question; but the military
of the Untied States, some man with the stars
upon his shoulders, dressed up in the little brief
authonty that that gives, wants a particular man
elected; it is dependent on my vote whether he
'can be elected or not; and although he forbears
to foice me to vote for his candidate, when he
finds that I am about to vote for an opposing can-
didate says, " You s#hil not vote at all, because
you are disloyal." Can such doctrines bear the
test of any examination, even the most superfi-
cial? Are they not—my friend will pardon me
for saying so—abhorrent to every idea which
American citizens have heretofore enteriained of
American freedom? Orders have, however, in
the past been issued by military commanders. I
know they have. The order issued by General
Dix, a man who is a very good judge of such
mattei s, because a statesman in the enlarged sense
of the term, and a patriot, limited what the mili-
tary were to do under that order to the preserva-
tion of the peace, just as this bill provides. But
the orders that were subsequently issued, and
upon which the honorable member's report com-
ments, had this effect: out of a voting population
of thirty thousand in the city of Baltimore there
was polled let>s than ten thousand. Does the hon-
oiablc member suppose that the other twenty
thousand were disloyal? I tell him, if he does,
he does our people great injustice. More than
halfof them were as loyal as lie is; butthey would
not vote because, feeling the independence which
belongs to the American citizen, and knowing that
they had a right to vote independent of any mili-
tary satrap, they thought it was the lessei evil not
to vote at all; and what was true of Baltimore was
true of a great portion of the rest of the State.
I regret, Mr. President, that the subject should
have been introduced again by my friend from
Michigan. I thought we had disposed ofitfinally.
The amendments made and which now form part
of the bill go further, I think, than we have a
light to go; but in the name of freedom 1 implore
the Senate of the United States not to go a step
further, not to make mine, not to make your
constituents the slaves of any military man to
whom unfortunately for the country the command
of the department in which the Suite is may be
intrusted. We hold our rights under the Consti-
tution, consecrated by the blood of our ancestors.
Wo have proved ourselves worthy to enjoy them
by meeting the twenties of our country upon the
ocean and the field; and we are doing it now.
Oh, save us, save us in the name of ireedom, save
us in regard to the sacred memory of our ances-
tors, save us from the rule of mihtaiy despotism.
Mr. HOWARD, Mr. President, the eloquent
Senator fiom Mai y laud po^sess^sone ot the fac-
ulties which pertain loan ingenious otator, and
that is the using of the figure known to ihttort-
cians as hyperbole, with very striking effect, so
much so that I fearsome times the'betted
of his own judgment* * v
The honorable Senator draws' a compailsc^
between our own American Government atMfet#5
time and the British Government, v^ryim&tfh'to*
the advantage of the latter in respect to tfte'pfea-'
crvation of liberty, and he says in the face of tfefe*
Seriate and in the face of the country th&t if the-
Government of the United States m t'h'e pros^tf-
tion of this warshalia^s«me t*od'ei%ttatdrferif&$#
who are its enemies ami to treat therh aMtsewe-
mies* it will or* may attract the scofo and con-!
tempt of the civilized world, and especially* thfe^
scorn and contempt of that delightful Government
whom it seems to be Ms prides© much to laud and7
approve. Has that honorable Senator forgotten '
the arbitrary laws^md edicts of the British- Gbv-
ernment that prevailed from the commencement
of the French Revolution down to its end,a«d
perhaps which are still unrepeajed upon the-stat-
ute-book of England? Has he forgotten the ar-
bitrary conduct of the British ministry in seizing
upon scores and scores of innocent, unoffend-
ing subjects of the King of Holland, who Imp*
pened to be residing in England as fugitWesfrohr
the troubles of the French Revolution, and trans-
porting them by force, without trial, out of the
asylum of England and subjecting them to the
persecutions and the tyranny of the countries
from which they had fled, a proceeding infi-
nitely more arbitrary and tyrannical than any-,
thing ti.iat has ever been thought of in the course
of the Administration of the Government of the
United States? And still our own Government
at this time, grappling as it is with a gigantic
rebellion, with every muscle and every nerve
strained to the utmost in carrying on this war, is
brought intoi\ disparaging comparison with the
conduct of England in reference to the preserva-
tion of the liberties of the people. Sir, the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland does not meet the
point which I make. I insist that it belongs to
the Government of the United States to determine
for itself who are the enemies of the Government
of the United States, and to deal with them as
such; that this power does not pertain to the
States, ceitainly not exclusively, that it is not
competent for a State of this Union to pass a law
which shall give to a public enemy or to a do-
mestic enemy any right or privilege as a citizen
of the United States. This is the very point in
which the shoe pinches in this case. He pro-
poses to let every person who may see fit to go to
the polls in a loyal State at an election to vote at
that poll, if I understand him rightly,and he im-
plores God to protect us against the opposite prin-
ciple which would exclude rebels, red with the
blood of their countrymen, from the enjoyment
of those rights.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable Senator has
misunderstood me. I say that is a matter lor the
State authorities to decide.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose the State of Dela-
ware, the State of Mary land, the State of Missouri,
or the State of Kentucky should to-day pass a law-
declaring that any person who may heretofore
have been actually engaged in this rebellion, who
may have borne arms against the United States and
committed treason a thousand times over, might if
he saw fit to go to the polls at one of those States
and vote, do so. I ask that honorable Senatorif
Much an act as that be within the competency of a
State Legislature or of a State acting as a State.
Sir,he will not undertake to assert such adoctrin^
as that. He will notundertake tosay thatthe Uni-
ted States is stripped of all authority to seize upon
its enemies wherever it may find them, and to
deal with them as public enemies. He wiii not
undertake to say that the State Legislatures may
thwart all the legislation and the whole policy of
the Government of the United States by suffering
traitois to go to the polls and vote, and to keep
away if you please Union citizens who are there
for the honest purpose of giving loyal votes.
I understand, Mr. President, very well the
mtaning and intention of this pertinacity for the
passage ot the bill of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, it is the principal stock in trade of
a certain class or party in this country who have
acquirer! a name which it is not necessary and
which it might be improper for me here to men-
tion. Their principal political stock in trade is
" military interference with elections," " the tyr-
anny of the Black Republican Executive,' "the
