3194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23
driving of innocent voters from the polls," " the
carrying of elections by the bayonet," and the
entire list of denunciations such as these. Well,
sir, ivith whom did this commence? The report
to which 1 have alluded shows that the Secretary
of War iias never issued any order whatever upon
this subject. It shows that our military men in*
the field have, wherever the occasion has pre-
sented itself, interposed for the protection of
Union voters at State elections, and for the pre-
vention of rebels and rebel sympathizers from in-
terfering with those elections. And the report
shows, also, that the first example, if not the
first certainly among the earliest of this kind,
was set in the State- of Maryland by General
George B. McCIellan, when he was in command
of the department. Let me rgad that order, so
that it may be understood. Let us see what the
extent of it is. The honorable Senator has given
us to understand and given the country to under-
stand that these orders, or some of them at least,
merely looked to the preservation of the peace at
the polla. Let us sec what view General McClel-
lan toolc of ii. He says, in his order of the 29th
October, 1861, addressing General Banks:
Hrvdquarters Army oy the Potomac:,
Washington, October ^9, lfcfll.
CrKNKiiAf-: Tliere is an appieltcn-ion among (Jinon citi-
zen-? in many parts of Maryland of an attempt at intcrier-
ence with tin it ri«hN of Mill'ta^c by disunion citizens on
the occ.tMonof the flection to take place on the Ctlj o( No-
vember next.
In otder to prevent tills, the major geneuil commanding
duccH that vou Hcnti detachments <>t a ;-uflioie t number
of nif n u> the different points in your vicinity whete the
elections are to hp held, to protect the Union voters, and
to sec that no disunionhts are allowed to intimidate them,
or in an> way to inteifere with their rights.
lie alho dot. I res you to an est and hold hi confinement
till after the election all diMinlonisN who are known to
have retained from Virginia recently and ulto show them-
seh cs nt the potts, and to guard etfeetually against any inva-
sion of the peaee and oider ot tin; oloetion. For the pur-
pose of cam ni£ out thc^c inst met ions yon are authorized
to mipetul tin* hufnus corpus. (ieneinl Stone has leecived
fmiliar iic-trneinnw [<> the -c. You will please comer with
him as to the particular points that each Khali take the con-
trol of.
I am, yn, vet; je-pecti'ully. your obedient seivant,
H. n. MAUUY,
Chi,-J of Staff.
iM.'it°i (leneial N P. !Uvks,
Uom>ntrndi)i  Oirnwn, Muddy Ihanch-, Maryland,
The I* 1115:51 DENT pro tempore. The Chmr
mint inteirujil the Senator to announce that the
hour fixed for a recess has anived. The Senate
will now take a recess till seven o'clock, p. m.
I'AT.NiNfi FASHION.
The Senate unassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
I'KTrTtONS AND MEMORIALS
Mr. FOOT presented seven petitions of citi-
zens of Vermont, praying for the passage of the
bill (11. II. No. 27G) to secure to persons m the
military and nawil service of the United States
homesteads on confiscated or forfeited estates in
intvui i cdiontu y districts; which were ordered to
he upon the (.able.
II01JSK IS ILL RBFHRKKI).
TIio bill (No. f>5\2) to increase t lie salai ies of
the judges and arbiuators appointed under the
treaty with Ure.it Dutain for the suppression of
the .slave luule was lead twice by n.s tide, ami
refeiT'-d to the Committee on Fomgn Relations.
YOli.Nti -YIK.Vs omtlSTtAN ASSOCIATION-,
j^riie bill (11. ix. No. t5t27) to incorporate (he
Young Men's Chiisiian Association of the city
of Washington was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee ot! the Disttictof Columbia to risk for the
immediate consideration of that bill; it will only
take long enough to lead it.
Hy unanimous consent, the bill wusconsidered
ax in (\mumlree of the Whole.
The bill was leported to the Senate, oidered to
a thud leading, read the third time, and pasted.
EMANCIPATION IN T1IE DISTRICT.
The jnini iesohuson (II. R. No. 109) correct-
ing1 a ciriit jI ci i or in the award of the emancipa-
tion comm '"NiotH'i s was lead (Wiceby jts title.
Air GRiAJhN. I am mslrncitd by thrCoiu-
milfre r>n tile D/stiier of Columbia to :i.sk foi tin-
piesenl eonshiefotjon of that joint h solution.
By unanimous consent, thejoint lesolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the Treas- |
ury to correct a clerical error in entering the
amount of theawardof the commissioners under
the act of April 16,1862," for the release of certain
persons held to service or labor in the District
of Columbia," in the case of Nicholas Bowie,
claimed by Martha Manning.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
colored catholic benevolent society.
The bill (H. R. No. 551) to incorporate the
Colored Catholic Benevolent Society was read
twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to ask for the
present consideration of the bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It was reported
to the Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
fuiskdmkn's inquiry commission.
Mr. SUMNER. The select committee on sla-
very and fieedmen, to whom was referred a re-
port of the Secretary of War, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
26th of May, a copy of the preliminary report
and also of the final leport. of the American Fieed-
men 's Inquiry Commission, have had the same
under consideration. They find the document
one of singular interest and ability, and at this
moment of grout importance. They have directed
me to move that it be printed for the use of the
Senate, and that three thousand extra copies be
punted.
The motion to print was agreed to; and the mo-
tion to print extra copies was referred to the Com-
mittee on Piloting.
PERFORMANCE OF M^ITAUY DUTY.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the bill (S. No. 286) to pro-
hibit, the discharge of persons from liability to
military duty by reason oflhe payment of money.
Mr. .1*0 WELL. I hope that bill will not be
taken up until we dispose of the bill which was
under consideration when the Senate took a recess
to-day, and which is therefore now regularly in
order.
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordeied; and being taken,
lesuhed—yeas 1G, nays 10; as follows:
YKAS — Mcsf<i«t. Ihown, Chandlci, ('lark, (1ollamor,
root, <h iiiie^, Mat Ian, Lane of Kansas, Moigim, Monti!,
Hanwv, ^muiiei, Ten Ihck, Tuunhull, Wade, and Wil-
son—hi.
IVA YS--Me^t*. Cmlile, Davis Dixon, Foster, Johnson,
Puineio\, I'owetl, Kiddle, SniiKlmiy, and YVilley—10.
A IS SENT— Messit-. Anihonv, liiu kalew, Conner, t'ow-
an, iloohtlle, Fo--entlen, Hale, Hauling, Harris, Hender-
son. Uen.hiek-. Hiclv, ilow.nd, Howe, fame ot Indiana,
Mt Don^all, Nt -nmh, ttieliai.Non, Sherman, Spiagne, Van
Winkle, Wilkinson, and VVuirht—'M.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PR ESI DFjNT pi o tempore. When the bill
w.ms teeoirimKted to the Committee on iVlilitary
Affairs sevcial amendments had been made which
till Ad! by the iveomimi men!; and the committee
has i u g i cported l>aok the o! iginal bill, the original
bill is now bolon: the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and open to amendment.
Air. MORGAN. ! move to amend the bill by
adding a.s a new section (lie seeond section of an
amendment subimttud by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [M . Coll a mi; a:]
,'2nJ hi it jaithn cnuctcd. Tilar in calls for (halts here-
altci !iirii1<' n n 111 i I lie aet " foi eniolioiy and calling out the
national Ifmc**^.5, aiw' the aci^ In addition to ot anicmlatoiy
tlieirof, tlie same in.iv he made lor Midi teim of time as
tln> I'levident t iiall duet (5 not exceeding one ycai.
Mi. WILSON. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment so us to make it read, " shall be made for
one year."
Mr. HOWARD, I beg- to inquire of the Sen-
ator from New York whether the amendment of-
fered by him has been recommended by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORGAN. The amendment that I have
offered was considered this morning by the Com-
j mntee on Military Allan's, and was, 1 believe,
i (tpps oved hy the eotrtmiU'-e. There was no formal
j vot* ; hut it was understood that the amendment
( would be satisfactory to the committee as a new
i Sfction.
Mr. HOWARD. ' I was not there, and had no
notice of a meeting of the committee.
Mr. WILSON. There was no vote; but it wa«
talked over among the members present.
Mr. MORGAN. The amendment as offered
authorises the President to make a draft for a pe-
riod not exceeding one year.
Mr. WILSON'. My motion is to amend the
amendment by striking out the words ",may be
made for such term of time as the President shall
direct, notexceeding one year,"and insert"4 shaU
be made for one year."
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not pre-
vail, as I desire to offer anotheramendment, leav-
ing it optional with the President and Secretary
of War to make the draft for not less than one
year nor more than three years. 1 believe it is
not in order for me to move such an amendment
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts will not prevail,
and then I shall offer what 1 have indicated.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. At the last meeting of the
Committee on Military Affairs which 1 attended
this proposition was brought up before them, and
according to my recollection there was a major-
ity of the committee opposed to this limitation of
time, opposed to the alteration of the law as it
now stands from three years to one year. If
theie was a meeting of the Mditaiy Committer
tins morning at which they authorized the* pre-
sentation of the amendment of the Senator from
New York, I was not acquainted with it; 1 was
not at the meeting', and know nothing about it.
I prefer, therefore, to stand by the decision of a
majouty of the committee on this subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. I see quite too much of a
disposition to undertake to state in the Senate
what took place in committee. 1 wish it to be un-
derstood that I object to it altogether. Anything
that took place in committee, except the repoit,
cannot properly be referred to in debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order if objected to.
Mr. WILSON. I wdl simply say that I de-
sire to have the amendment made plain and sim-
ple, so that it may be known precisely what is to
be done; and therefore I desire to have it under-
stood that the draft is to be madeforonc year. I
have ever be<m in favor of the commutation clause
of the emolhnent act; but 1 see that there is a
stiong piessure made to repeal it, and to repeal it
unconditionally. A draft for three years, with-
out commutation, i do not think this Congress
will authonze. I have not the slightest idea that
such a measure can succeed. The votes that have
been already taken demonstrate that. Now, sir,
| I am Willing to do anything that furnishes men,
and seems to be fair and just, that takes care of
the Government, and operates as lightly as pos-
sible on the people of tlm country; and if Senatois
will agtee to fix the time at one year, and then de-
sne to repeal the commutation clause,! shall not
resist it. I am ready to take the two propositions
togethei—the repeal on the one hand,and the re-
duction of the time to one year on the other,
thetefore desire to know positively what is to be
done, because if we just leave it as it is the Gov-
ernment may call out for three years after the re-
peal of the commutation clause. J f the bill should
stand as the Senator from Vermont proposed to
amend it, inereasin^the commutation 
Mr. COLLAMER. i desire to appuse the
gentleman that when the committee get the bill
as they want it 1 slmll move my amendment asa
substitute for the bill.
Mr. WILSON. If it stands m that form it
leaves the commutation in the discretion of the
Government, and the time at its discretion, and
it can adjust them to balance each other—a very
fair proposition. Butif we are to have theamend-
ment pioposed by the Senator from New York
adopted, 1 think wc ought to make this other see*
tion positive, so that we may know precisely what
we ate doing.
The qufsuon bung taken on the amendment to
the amendment by yeas aiul nays, resulted—yeas
1:}, )■ xy^ itr; n* ioilows:
YlJAs?—Chuk, Cidkunti, Dave?, Dixon, Foot.
Han if, llemhioks, Howe, Johnson, riiiiiiiitr, Willes, and
W iNon—10.
