®H1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
fcr above the negvo as a race, and far above the
whole subject of slavery as a material interest,
and reposes on that more exalted and serene tab-
let of the mind where history, guided by philos-
ophy and justice, loves to search for the recordof
ideas and principles.
Mr. BRANDEGtEE obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, who moved that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair", Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the annual message of
the President of the United States, and had come
to no conclusion.thereon.
WASHINGTON RAILWAY COMPANY.
Mr. "VV1NDOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Washington Rail-
way Company; which was read afirstand second
time, and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
TIIE NATIONAL FORCES.
Mr. F1NCK, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill supplemental to ail act entitled " An actfor
enrol ling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes,"approved March 3,1863; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
THE BRIG IIELFENSTBIN.
Mr. FA.RNSWORTH, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to change the name of the brig
Helfenstein; which was read a first and second
time, mid referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
BUIGIIAM YOUNG'S ACCOUNTS.
Mr. KINNEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the Secretary of the In-
terior to adjust and settle'the accounts of ex-Gov-
ernor Brigham Young, as ex officio superintendent
of Indian affairs for the Territory of Utah; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAJ?JBRS.
Mr. MOOItflEAD asked and obtained leave to
have withdrawn from (lie files of the House the
memorial of Patrick Kane, presented on the 23d
of February, 1800.
INTKllNAL REVENUE.
Mr.UPSON, by u nanimous consent, introduced
a resolution, wjiich was read, considered, and
agreed to, instructing the Committeeof Waysand
Means to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill amending the internal revenue law so that
all goods, wares, and merchandise, or articles,
manufactured or made and sold by any person or
persons, except spirituous liquors and manufac-
tured tobacco, where the annual product shall
exceed the sum of $600, shall be exempt f om duty
to that amount, or that said amount in value m
such eases shall only be subject to the same rate
of duty as in eases where the annual product does
not amount to $600.
DUTY ON PAPER.
Mr. NOBLE, by unanimous conscnt, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereat it is alleged that the amount of duty now received
on the importation of ihieign paper by tiie Government
does not pay the mcira-e m the piiee ot paper consumed
by the Government; and whereas it i< also alleged that
the present duty su-tams and piomotes a monopoly among
the paper mai.ufjK'tureisof the country: Theieforc,
Ilcsotvrd, That the Committee of Way?, and Means be,
and are hereby, requested to inquire into the expediency of
repealing s>o mticn of the revenue aet as imposes a duty on
papei, and that they report by hill or otherwise.
UNITED STATES ARMY EXGLNKKKS.
Mr. SOHENCK, by*unanimous conscnt, in-
troduced a bill to promote the efficiency of the
battalion of engineers in the United States Army;
which was road a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WOUNDED SOLDIERS.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, introduced
a. resolution, which was lead, considered, and
agreed, to, instructing the Committee on Military
Affairs to inquire whether any legislation is neces-
sary to provide for the care and maintenance of
the soldiers wounded in the service of the United
States, and who have .been or may be discharged
from said service and returned to their respective
States, with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
COURT OV CLAIMS APPEALS.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to regulate appeals from
the Court of Claims; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary,
WILLIAM SAWYER AND OTHERS.
Mr. LE BLOND, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the benefit of William SawyeY
and others, of the State of Ohio; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
BUREAU OS1 IMMIGRATION.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish a Bureau of Immigra-
tion; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select committee on that subject.
OFFICIAL CORRUPTIONS.
Mr. HOLMAN asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolutions:
Whereas it has been publicly charged that frauds mate-
rially affecting the inteiests of the Government have been
recently committed by persons and officers connected with
fui nlslung supplies, for the Army, and that persons charged
with such frauds and with the embezzlement of the public
money and the appropriation to their own use of public
property under their official controfhave not been In ought
to a speedy trial tor the otFenses charged a^ambt them , and
whereas? the existence of such charges uninvestigated is
calculated to impair the confidence of the people in the in-
tegrity of their Government: TbeiHore,
Resolved,. That a committee of seven members he ap-
pointed by the Speaker to inquire into and leport upon con-
tacts made during the present war ft r supplies and trans-
portation for the Army, and whether the <-amo have been
made by advertising lor proposals in pur>uance with law in
reference to furnishing supplies for the Government, and
if not, the teason therefor, and the reasonableness of such
contract.®, and all the facts and eucum-tanees connected
therewith. A!>o whether contracts aie let in accordance
with the specifications inviting proposals, and if not, the
reasons for the same; and whether any officer or person in
the employment of the Government are interested either
directly or indirectly in any Mich contracts, whether made
on advem^einent for proposals or otherwise; abo, whether
thiMc bas> been any unreasonable and unnecessary delay in
the proper trial of officers and pei sons connected with con-
tracts for fuilushing supplies tor the Aimy and who have
been chuigtd with oihctal misconduct prejudicial to the
interests of the Government, and if such ha-, been the case
the reasons for such delay; that said committee may send
for persons and papers, may examine witnesses underoath,
and report at any time.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.man) whether lie has
any particular case to present for the action of the
House, Hasheany particular grievance to which
he can refer us as a ground for the action which
he now proposes?
Mr. HOLMAN. I can name several which
should be the subject of an investigation.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would be glad if the gen-
tleman would name one.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the House thinks proper
to hear me, I will beglad to name several instances
calling for investigation.
Mr. GRINNELL. I only want to say this:
let the gentleman from Indiana present to the
House specifications and not general charges, and
I will go as far as he or any other member of this
House will go for the purposes of securinginvesti-
gation. But I think that the pending resolution
is too general. If this practice is to prevail I think
that we might spend the whole of the session in
submitting resolutions, appointing committees,
and carrying on fruitless investigations. I do not
want to stay the whole year here for any such
purpose. I am opposed, therefore, to the passage
of this resolution unless the gentleman from In-
diana will bring forward specifications—name per-
sons and particular matters, so that we may know
exactly what we are doing. I must, therefore,
object to the lesolution.
ffhe SPEAKER. The resolution then goes
ovt r.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleiftan from Iowa
has called for specifications, and 1 hope that he
will not object so as to cut me off from replying
to him.
Mr. GRINNELL. Of course not. I withdraw
my objection so that the gentleman-from Indiana
may be heard.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, the resoluti&n
contemplates an inquiry into two classes of cases,
or specifies two subjects of examination. The
gentleman from Iowa requires specific instances
of fraud. I cannot refer to them all; this would
be impossible. I must state a few facts as briefly
as possible. If I thought that the House would
have patience to listen at this late hour I might
feel disposed to go into the subject more fully.
What does the resolution propose? It first di-
rects an inquiry as to what contracts have been
made without advertising for proposals as is re-
quired by law; where such contracts have been
made, the reason why the law was not complied
with,and also in such cases the reasonableness of
the contracts themselves. And secondly, and i
think the more,important point embraced in the
resolution I have offered, is why parties charged
with frauds against the Government have not been
brought to trial before the proper tribunals. The
gentleman from Iowa calls for special cases where
accusations brought against parties for fraud
against the Government have been delayed in be-
ing brought to trial. I will call the attention of
my friend to the case of an assistant quartermas-
ter at Cincinnati, Captain F. W. Hurtt. So far
back as last July or August he was placed under
arrest, as has been uniformly asserted, by order
of General Burnside, chatged with the grave of-
fense of fraud and embezzlement in connection
with his official duties as a quartermaster at that
post. I am informed that a board of officers,
under the order of General Burnside, examined
into the facts and reported on them,fully sustain-
ing the charges. A court-martial was organized
for the purpose of trying the case.' This was as
far back as August of last year. After many de-
lays, for reasons which are unexplained, 1 am
informed that the court-martial was dissolved
without any trial of the cause. It is said, too,
that the court-martial was dissolved by order of
the War Department. Captain Ilurtt, instead of
being tried, was ordered to Washington city in
November or December, and since then, and quite
recently, he has been remanded to Cincinnati, and
is still at large and untried. I state with confi-
dence, based not only on newspaper statements
but on other sources of information, that the
charges against Captain Hurtt were of a most
grave and serious character, and were fully sus-
tained by the official examination, and involved
other parties, and through all of this period and
up to this moment he has not been brought to
tiial; that during the long months which have in-
tervened there has been no investigation into the
matter. I insist, sir, that when a public officer,
I care not what may be his position or station,
is charged with acts'of fraud in connection with
the discharge of his official duties, he shall be
brought by the Government to a speedy trial
for the offense, that the facts should be fully dis-
closed, so that the people may have confidence
that public officers charged with official miscon-
duct to the public injuiy will be punished. Un-
less that confidence can be secured in the public
mind every department of the Government must
languish, and the Government will lose that pop-
ular sanction necessary to a successful adminis-
tration of public affairs. At a time like this pub-
lic confidence in the honesty and integrity of the
Government is of the first importance.
I could mention, but I do not desire to unne-
cessarily occupy the time of the House, many in-
stances where charges of embezzlement, pecula-
tions,and fraud on the part of public officers have
been made over and over again in the public prints,
and where.extraordinary and unaccountable de-
lays have occurred in bunging the parties to trial
and merited punishment. To ascertain the cause
of these delays is a primary object of this reso-
lution. If the gentleman from Iowa does not
want these fiauds investigated; if he does not
desire the stream of the administration of public
atfairs to run pure; if he wants the public money
frittered away in fraudulent transactions; if, in a
; word, he desires that parties charged in the public
| press und by the public voice with embezzlement
■ of the public funds and official corruption shall
j not be brought to speedy justice, he thould object
^ to this resolution. If that be the position thatthe
' gentleman and the majority of this House occu-
i py, the sooner the country knows it the better,
i Ho far as I am concerned, 1 do not ask that this
I resolution shall be passed for any party or parti-
