1864-.
THE; G ONGrliESSIONMj- &M
.{Sjvom and subscribed before me, at Philadelphia, this 2d
day of February, A. D. 1864. \Vitnoss rav baud and official
seal. JOHN li. FINK,
Notary Public, No. 223 Dock street, city.
Wo are told that the war is nearly over. The
demands of die Government hereafter cannot he
as great as they have been heretofore. What,
then, is the necessity for this union of roads?
The Government does not ask for it. There has
been no petition presented here by anybody ex-
cept these persons. It is not asked for by the
Government nor by the State of New Jersey.
The persons named in the affidavits swear that
the joint companies have done all of the business
offered to them, and that they were ready and will-
ing to do all that the'Government wanted, and
^hat they are ready to transport fifty thousand
troops in one day from Philadelphia to New York.
They gave the road up to the Government and
drove away the State business when the rebellion
broke out, and flooded tins city with troops that
saved it from Jeff. Davis and his cohorts that were
thundering at its gates.
MESSAGE FEOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, notified the House that the Sen-
ate disagree to the amendment of this House to
the fourth amendment of the Senate to the bill of
the House (No. 34) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending June 30,1865; ask a committee of confer-
ence with the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon; and have appointed Mr.
Howe, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Willby the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (H. R.
No. 341) to carry into effect the convention with
Ecuador for the mutual adjustment of claims, with
an amendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
FOREIGN MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. ALLEY. I i isc to a question of privilege.
1 desire to submit a report fiom a committee of
conference.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the di?aqrpoing votrs of
the two Houses on the amendments to the House bill (No.
299) entitled "An act tor carrying the mails trom the United
Slates to foreign port?, and for other purposes," bavmg met,
after fall and fiee conference have agreed toiecommeml and
do recommend to the respective Houses as toiiows, to wit:
That the House #ccede from its disagreeing votes to the
Senate amendments munbeis one, two, four, five, and six,
and agree to the .same.
That the House also icccde fiom it-, disagreeing vote to the
llmd Senate amendment, and agtee to the s-anie with the
following amendment, to wit: sUikeoutthe word "cither"
and lnseitthe won! -{ both;" to which amendment tile Sen-
ate eon>ent and concur.
That the IJon.-o reecde from its disagreeing vote to the
Senate's seventh amendment, and agri.e to the same as
amended so as to lead a« toiiows, to wit:
Sec. 7. •find be it fail her cnacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and lie is hereby, authotized and empowered
to suspend the opeiatjrm of so much of the eighth section
of the act of the fli*t of August, 165:2, a<< authorizes the
conveyance ot Icttei- otheiwise than in the maiis on any
such mad routes as in Ins opinion the public interest may
require.
And the Senate conscnt and agree to such amendment
and adopt the same.
J. COT.LAMER,
JOHN COXNEJ+S,
C. LI. BL'CKALLYV,
Managers ov Ike part of the Senate.
JOHN 13. ALLEY,
JOHN V. L. PRUYtf,
C. COLE, *
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. ALLEY. Upon the first six amendments
there was no disagreement, as they were verbal
amendments, with a single exception, and that
was comparatively unimportant.
To the seventh amendment of the Senate the
House disagreed, and that was an addition to the
House lull by the Senate of a section which I
will read:
^ec. 7. And be it further enactcd, That so much of the
eighth section of the act of 31>t August,1S52, as author-
izes the conveyance ot letters otherwise, than in the mads
be. and the same h hereby, repealed, except only as to
letter containing money or accompanying packages, and
relating theieto.
Tins additional section repeals tho law of 1859
so far as it authorized the conveyance of letters
otherwise than in the mails. Uy the law of 1845,
all mail matter was prohibited from being carried
upon post routes by anyone out of the mails. In
1852 that law was amended so as to provide that
letters and other mail matter-might be earned by
express.companies.or by individuals, provided the
legal postage was prepaid and the envelopes in
which th? matter was carried were stamped. The
Senate proposed by this additional section to re-
peal that law. In case of the repeal of that law,
we should fall back upon"the law of 18451 That
law was regarded as working a hardship, at the
time of the enactment.of the Jaw of 1852, upon
the business interests of the country, and the
reasons alleged by the Senate for its repeal were,
that upon the Pacific coast, in many instances;
great abuses had been practiced.
The conference committee .agreed upon an
amendment to that provision of the Senate, and
to it the unanimous assent, of the committee of-.
both Houses wasgiven. As proposed to be amend-
ed it will read as follows:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to suspend
the operation of so much of the eighth section of the act of
the 31st of August, 18o2, as authorizes the conveyance of
letters otherwise than in the mails on any such mail routes
as in his opinion the public interest may require.
That leaves the matter entirely in the discretion
of the Postmaster General, and he may adopt the
remedy so far as it may seem necessary to pro-
mote the' interest of the public service. 1*o this
pro vision, with the modification indicated, the con-
ference committee could see no objection. They
therefore agreed to report to their respective
Houses a recommendation that the amendment
with this additional provision be adopted.
Now, if no'additional information is required,
I will move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the report was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADISMY BILL.
Mr. FENTON. 1 desire to inquire of the Chair
whetheV a committee of conference has been re-
quested by the Senate upon the Military Academy
bill.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. FENTON. 1 move that the request of the
Senate be granted, and that a committee of con-
ference be appointed upon the part of the House.
The morion was agreed to; and
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed as
such committee Mr. Fenton, Mr. Blow, and
Mr. J. R. Morris.
GOVERNMENTS FOE REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
now call up my motion, made some time since,
to reconsider the motion by which the bill of the
House (H. R. No. 244) guarantying to certain
States whose governments have been usurped or
overthrown a republican form of government was
referred to the select committee on the rebellious
States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois." I desire to
make a suggestion. I understand that this bill
was referred to the select committee and is now
before it, and that it will be in order for them to
report it at any time when the committee is called.
The suggestion 1 wish to make is this: that if
this measure is brought before the House by the
motion to reconsider, it will block up all the other
committees for the time during which it is being
discussed in the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Whether it will
block them up or not will depend upon the ac-
tion of the House. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the motion to reconsider.
Mi. HOLM AN. Does the gentleman intend
to ask action on the bill now?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask considera-
tion of the bill, but not immediate action.
The. previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recuned upon recommitting the
bill to the select committee on the rebelliousStates;
and being put, it was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, then addressed the
House. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.] ...
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, the principal
features of the proposed legislation now under
consideration were before the House nearly two
years ago, in the form of a bill reported by Mr.
Ashley, chairman of the Committee on Terri-
united States: ;T%t'bjll.
without discussion; bj.it1soboalereff^fiStf'Cp®
mittee of
distracted Condition of the'x^untry^ '- ., ,,
Iji justification of 'sucl\ jcaist4'tft>ii,V
P envmnrt that iha "-^dfcd fi&(i
. , , , ... . rtionVtE"at,l'|eif
constitutional governments
that if (le'fmto_governments liiut'st^perveftf^-^fjer
against^ die Union—.they $ef<; illegal kWiiSKiyl;
that to 'qe^y tins and ^maintain tjieir existekef-Ws
legitimate,"prganized.States is'an adipission o| tile
doctrine of secession;, because,"haying rejHidjat&i
the Federal authority and formed, a lipstile con-
federacy and waged.war against the United Slates',
and having no governments that can be recognized
under the/Constitution, if such States or govern-
ments have a legal 'existence, they must bere-
garded as foreign Powers.. But I denied th6' doc-
trine of secession,and insisted that though aStat&
or the people arfd'constituted authorities; thereof^
may commit treason and forfeit their franchises
and cease to have existence as a legal $tate^rg.ajij-
ization, still they cannot lawfully cast off thei^
allegiance to the Federal authority, and that wh.en
a State becomes vacated by treason, her territory
and people still remaining within the limits offtf£
United States and under, the jurisdiction of .the
Federal Constitution, it' i's'the right.and the imr
perative duty of the national authority to provide
a government for the people and secure the,resto-
ration of domestic tranquillity. That bill, though
somewhat different'in its details, was in principle
similar to the one now under consideration. Its
competenfcy rested upon the same Basis, and the
remarks I offered in reference thereto would be
equally applicable in the present discussion; but
I shall not here repeat them.
During the last two years we have made prog-
ress. There has been much discussion.touching
the condition of the seccded States, and a very
radical change has transpired as well in the public
mind as in tho policy of the Government,. For a
long time after the commencement of the war
there seemed to be great apprehension pn the part
of all branches of the Government that something'
might be done or omitted that would operate as
an admission that the rebel States have in law
seceded. For some time we seemed to be con-
founded by theanomalous state of affairs, and the
confusion of ideas everywhere prevalpnt. A very
respectable class of our people, in point of num-
bers, denied that a rebellious State can be lawfully
coerced into submission; others, admitting the
sovereignty of the nation and demanding an en-
forcement of the supremacy of the laws, were
nevertheless fearful of the adoption of unconsti-
tutional means. We did not, in the earlier stages
of the rebellion, seem to comprehend precisely
the status of the seceded districts. We saw State
after State renounce allegiance to the Union and
enter into a hostile confederacy. We saw that
whatever of government remained in those States
was antagonistic and inimical: still we spoke of
them as States of the Union. We did not read-
ily apply the familiar principle that an illegal
government is a void government, and that a
void government is no government. It isnot in-
tended by this that where a State government be-
comes void in law by reason of treason, there is
necessarily no body-politic, no de facto organiza-
tion; but in such case the Slate has no legal ex-
istence under the Constitution. We knew, in
point of fact, that the great mass of the rebels had
taken an oath of allegiance to a hostile confeder-
acy, and were represented in a rebel congress!
We felt at liberty to shoot them down, and sent
half a million men to the field for that purpose.
We knew if they had any laws, any constitu-
tions, they had carried them into the rebel camp;
but nevertheless we continued to talk about the
rights of the States, the requirements of the local
laws, and the inviolability of domestic iuSitu-
tions. We did not clearly distinguish betweefi
abandonment or abrogation and legal secession.
We did not believe that a State can lawfully se-
cede, and therefore we somehow got the impres-
sion that South Carolina, though waging war _
