1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.:
•"NAYS—Messrs. Blown, Chandler, Foster, Grimes, Har-
lan, Howard, Lane of Kansas, Morean, romeroy, PoweU,
Hamspy, Riddle, Sauhbuiy, fcSlicrinan, bprague, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull nilfi VYadC—38.
Absent - Anthony, Backalew, Cailile, Con-
ness Cmvan, Doohttle, Fessendra, Hale, Hardins, llen-
Smwu Hicks Lane of Indiana, McDoui-all, Morrill, Nes-
m'ith, liiciiarrtsou,V.m Wmklc, Wilkinson, and Wright—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected. •
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from New York by
striking out " not exceeding one year" and in-
serting" " not 'oss l'lan one nor more t'lan ^ree
years."
Mr. JOHNSON.
ivir. ju[inoui*. Under that amendment if a
xudden exigency should arise and the Government
find it necessary to call out men for thirty or sixty
days or less to defend us here in the capital it
could not do it.
Mr. GRIMES. It-will hardly be necessary to
draft, I take it, for any such a time as that, and
you cannot carry out the machinery of a draft j
for such a case.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it confined to drafting?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr JOHNSON. Oh, that makes a difference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to say that I would
have no objection to this amendment if it had not
already been acted upon by the Senate. The
Senate have already substantially voted upon the
proposition. The Senate have already voted upon
repealing the commutation clause, and the law as
understood by the Department authorizes them
to draft for.miy period not exceeding three years.
That is what they now understand to be the law.
The object of the amendment that I have offered
to-night is that they shall draft for not exceeding
one year, leaving it optional within the limit of
one year. Believing that that will be more gen-
erally satisfactory, I have proposed it, and I shall
therefore vote against the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan. _
Mr. SPR AGUE. As I understand this ques-
tion the proposition is to limit the time to one
year.
Mr. COLLAMER. The lowest time.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The shortest time is one
year,and the longest time proposed three years.
By this the Senate seem to understand that the
Government have not the authority now to draft
for one year. Is that the understanding of the
Senate, is that the understanding of the Senator
from New York ?
Mr. MORGAN. This is the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The War Department be-
lieve that they have the authority to draft for one
year under the present law. Notwithstanding
the understanding of any Senator, the law as it is
at present understood by the War Department is
that they can diaft to-day for one year. It does
not stem to me to be necessary, therefore, for us
to make any law on that subject. Whether this
amendment interferes with that or not I do not
know; but it would seem to me that one year at
least would be a sufficiently short time lor which
to bring men into the field; at any rate the effi-
ciency of the service would not be promoted by
any shorter time than that. My own belief is that
troops brought into the field for any less time
than thiee years will be of little service to the
country; but upon that question of course my
opinion is no better than that of any other Sen-
ator. I might vote for one year's troops, although
I believe that they would be of little service, and
1 should vote for them on the recommendation of
the Department, but there does not seem to be
• ny necessity to give any vote of thatkindnow.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am somewhat surprised
'o hear the honorable Senator fiom Rhode Island
ur^c as an objection to this amendment tljat it is
understood at the War Department that they can
draft for below three years now. It would con-
stitute no possible objection to the adoption of
this proposition if that were true. As the stat-
ute now stands it is very plain. I cannot say
what the War Department of this country may
think they can do; 1 know of agnatniany things
they have done which they had to come to us to
ret ratified, and come of their own accord, too,
acknowledging they had no authority todothpm.
I do not know but that they may think they can
do that in this case; but I really think tliey can-
not do it from the law as it now stands. The
law is:  
"Thatall persons thus enrolled." * * *. *
"And to continue in service duiing the present, rebellion,
not, however, exceeding the term of three years."
The power to mako the draft under the law is
for service during this reuellion, not exceeding
three years. Now, can a man tell me that that
means one year or two years? It is a perfect vio-
lation of common sense and the English language.
It is obvious and plain; it is not a subject,that will
admit of any discussion. A man may say that
the Department possess the power to do this thing
or that thing or the other thing, as they under-
stand it. I do not know what they understand.
But in the next place if they think that is the
law now, what objection is that to adopting this
amendment? Otliers think otherwise. There is
doubtabout the matter. Why leaveitin doubtand
dispute? Has the opinion of the Department any
such power ex cathedra as settles the law ? Have
they any infallibility about their legal opinion?
No more than any other man. _ _
The proposition of the Senator from Michigan
is to leave the drafting, as I understand his amend-
ment, to the Executive for three years and for any
period less than three years and not less than one
year. To say that we shall not adopt itbecause
the Secretary of War or the head of the Provost
Marshal General's department thinks so and so
constitutes no reason at all. Certain it is they
can have no objection to it if that is the law now;
and to render it clear and make itcertain, why not
adopt the amendment? It is important in one re-
spect; that is, it clearly authoiizcs drafting,and it
limits it in its lowest extent. It is hardly worth
while to draft for less than one year.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to limit it still fur-
ther. I dosiro to limit it to one year,
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that.
Mr. MORGAN. My amendment has not been
acted on. . ,
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 thought U had been
voted upon. ... ,, ,
Mr. WADE. I have been of opinion all the
I time these laws about conscuption have been up
! that when we have attempted to draft we have
| made the term altogether too long. I do not be-
lieve m any country in the world they ever have
conscripted for this length of time. It is a very
great hardship to take our young men and put
them into the militai y service for this great length
of time. I do not deny that the Army is more
efficient the longer the time foi which the men go,
as I suppose soidiers generally grow better while
they are in the x\nny if they meet with no acci-
dent; but it is a great hardship, and it is throwing
the burden too much oil the class that you get tor
this great length of time. I know it has been
argued here day after day by those that contend
for a long time that every man in the Republic
owes service to the Government, and ought to be
willing to take the burden that belongs to him.
1 a"i'ee to that; and it is because I do agree to it
that I am unwilling that we should throw the en-
tire burden on a certain class. I know this reason
has been uiged over and over and repeatedly, and
I do not know that it has been answered. It is
made use of as a conclusive argument that be-
cause every man owes service to his country and
ought to do anything, even render his life in its
behalf, therefore you may take a certain class ot
the people and impose the whole burden of the
war on them and exempt all the rest, and this is
idea of ectuUv and equality, it
wai uw  r . . '
some gentlemen's idea of equity and equality
ia not mine. . ,
I do not know what the executive authorities
would do if we give them the whole power oyer
it. I donotknow but that it will be their opimon
that the Army will be more efficient if they can
get soldiers for three years, and that they will at-
tempt to get them, in that way; but I dotiotagree
to that. I am not willing to invest them with this
discretion, because I think it is wrong, i am,
therefore, in favor of the proposition as it was hist
proposed by the Senator fiom New York. 1 Re-
lieve it is better than any of the emendations that
have been attempted since. Wo want soldiers;
we want them as wipidly as they can be had. 1
believe if you will fix the time at one year, and
limit the Executive to drafting for one year, ana
then give ,such bounties
equal upon those whom you dodwft.you w.tiige.f
soldiers easy, the country will not,coe P"uft>.W1*
it will-be more efficient to draft oftener aoutor.
shorter terms; and.,if it was not foi'taking time,,
I would give my reasons for this opinion.
I am opposed to putting .men in the Army for
such a great length of time., I Jo not want our,
citizens, if ,we, can-avoid it, to. lsecogi^i.soltliox?.
merely., If you put a man mto theArmy  ()«
keep lum there for three long years he, becqmea-
(t military man; he loses in a great measure those,
habits of peaceable times that actuated iiim before,
and he becomes a soldier by profession. Udotiot;
believe it is* the policy of this republican .Govern-
ment to habituateour citizens to this military rule
if we can avoid it., • " -
Again, I think it is not necessary to;draft for.
these long periods, for the reason that a great,
many of our men now have been in the military
service until they have learned all th? per-
taining to a soldier; and in your short drafts here-,
after you never will have any green or unprac-',
liced men; you will have officers enough who.'
understand military affairs very well; you wiih
tfbve old soldiers mixed up with them who. will
set an example and teach them the business of a
soldier much easier than we did at first.
All these reasons induce mo to believe that we.
ought to Umit the draft to a shorter period, and
that we can get the soldiers more rapidly twin wo.
can if we draft for the long period, and men will
e*o with less reluctance, less hardship, and* more,
cheerfully. Therefore i go for the original prop-
osition. _ ., _ . . . .
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I think there
are two amendments pending before the Senate
now One ia to authorize the Secretary of War
to call for a period less than three years,and the
other is to restrain him from calling for a period
longer than one year. The suggestion made m
opposition to the first of these amendments, that
the power exists now under previous legislation,
involves the construction of the act to which ref-
erence is made, and I concur in opinion with the
honorable member from Vermont and the chair-
man of the Military Committee, since J have read
the law, that there is no authority now to call fop  
a period short of three years unless the rebellion
shall terminate before the expiration of that time.
When the subject was before the Senate on a
former occasion I was under the impression, fiom
recollection, that the terms of the act were such
that as the greater includes the less as a general
rule, it was in the power of the Executive to call
them out for a lesser period than the longer pc-
liod he was authorized to call them out for; but
upon looking at the act which gives rise to the
doubt and to which the honorable membei
Mr DAVIS. I will ask the honorable ben-
ator a single question. Does or does not the
President of the United States assume that he has
the power to do any act that piomises to bring
the rebellion to a close?
Mr JOHNSON. I do not think that is in-
volved in this discussion. The discussion now
is what power he has under this act, not what
power ho has independent of legislation.
Mr. DAYIS. I do not understand that the
power is claimed under the act. , , • i
Mr JOHNSON. Yes, it is; and only claimed
under the act. The Senator will recollect that
under the original act - "
Mr DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me a
word > I know it ought to be claimed under the
act, and that there is no other legitimate source
of power; but I understand that the President
claims a general, indefinite power, resulting from
military necessity, to do any act which m his
judgment may promise to bring the rebellion to
a Mrf'jOHNSON. My fiiend will permit me
to discuss the question which is before the Sen-
ate now, and that is, what is the construction of
this act? I assume, for the sake at least of tins
discussion, that the President claims no author-
ity on the subject other than that which the act
gives, and the inquiry is, what is the authoi y
given by the act? The language of the law is,
after providing for the enrollment, that toi two
years after the 1st day of July succeejhn? } '•
enrollment," the persons emolled muy ^
into the military service of ihe United b ates to
continue in service during the present lebelhon.
