1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2219
was a member of the other House; lam opposed
to it now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think the Senator
from Illinois did not hear ray statement. I said
that the relief given to General Lee by the Army
was ordering him to New Orleans in disgrace 
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator will par-
don me. I suppose he was ordered to New Or-
leans by the commanding officer. That com-
manding officer is responsible. Whatever disaster
has fallen on that army is attributable to the com-
mander that was there. I have no doubt about
that. When others come to assume command
there, they will afford General Lee an opportunity
to vindicate himselfagainst whatever charges may
be made against him. An officer under arrest is
entitled to a court-martial, as the Senator knows
perfectly well from his experience in military
affairs. It is an offense to detain him in arrest
longer I believe than eight days without prefer-
ring charges and bringing him before a court-
martial. The Senator will pardon me when I add
that I have no doubt the military men will set this
whole matter right if you give them a little time.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The present condi-
tion of our armies precludes the probability even
of relief in the way of a court-martial. This re-
lief should come immediately. Here is an officer
who, leading his column at Vicksburg, received
a ball through his head in his mouth, and joined
theArmyagain whenhewasfeeding himself with
a spoon, unable to open his mouth. He is as gal-
lant a soldier and as able as we have in the ser-
vice. One hour of disgrace to him is a thousand
deaths. I want to reach his vindication at the
earliest possible moment. He avers that he de-
manded againand again and again and again that
the wagon tiain should be separated from his
column, and that the artillery should be furnished
with infantry to protect and defend it. Kansas
and General Lee ask an immediate vindication.
He is a favorite son of that gallant State.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, it is too late in
the day to raise objections to congressional inves-
tigations in regard to military affairs. It was
done by the Continental Congress during the time
of the Revolution. It was done in the war of
1812-14, as I once had occasion to show to the
Senate by reading from the Journals and Debates
of that time. It was done from 1848 up to 1852,
and if the Senator from Illinois will refresh him-
self by reference to the Senate documents during
that period he will find that the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs of this body, Mr.
Weller, employed himself I should think most
of the time in investigations of this description.
Mr. RICHARDSON. During the progress of
the war?
Mr. GRIMES. During the latter part of the
progress of the Mexican war, and for the two or
three following years—investigations growing out
of the controversies between General Pillow and
General Scott and all the subordinate officers un-
der them, and in regard to other officers who
were not immediately under General Pillow.
But 1 rise to suggest to the Senator from Kan-
sas the propriety of modifying or changing his
resolution so as to inquire into the general admin-
istration of that department. I should like to
know all about it. I should like to have the
committee on the conduct of the war instructed
not only to examine as to the particular details of
the disaster that happened to us at Pleasant Hill,
but I should like to know how the affairs of the
department have been administered prior to that
time and since that time.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have not the least
objection to that. All I desire is to reach the ob-
ject I have stated.
Mr. GRIMES. That will reach the object the
Senator from Kansas has in view, and may reach
something more, and it will relate not alone to
military transactions but to civil transactions in
that department, and therefore will be relieved
from theobjection which the Senator from Illinois
seems to raise to the military investigation.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The jurisdiction of the
committee on the conduct of the war is quite
extensive enough if they are confined to war
matters. If they are to take the general super-
intendence of the civil as well as the military
administration of this department, it will add very
much to their labor, and, it seems to me, would
so much absorb the time and attention of the com-
mittee that it would be impossible for them to
give their attention particularly to the subject of
this disaster, which is what we want to get at.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator
from Wisconsin permit me to make a suggestion
to him ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not know that
it is true—I do not pretend to state it as true—
but I very much fear this committee will be able
to ascertain that the disaster at Pleasant Hill grew
out of a sort of furore to gather up cotton; that
instead of whipping the enemy, they were trying
to hook up cotton; and that lad to this disgrace-
ful surprise. It is believed that General Banks
had on the Red river a large superiority of num-
bers; and yet the whole country west of the Mis-
sissippi is now endangered, if not altogether lost,
for the present, by this furore to get hold of cot-
ton. I have no objection,therefore,to havingthe
resolution cover the whole thing.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Kansas if he can give us the evidence
on which he founds the declaration that General
Banks had superior numbers on the Red river
expedition.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not propose to
give names. My understanding is, from the au-
thorities here upon inquiry, that General Banks
has to-day superiority of numbers on the Red
river. I was told so yesterday by one who should
know. The State that I have the honor to rep-
resent is now exposed from south to north by this
mistake—a mistake that, in my opinion, should
damn any man professing to have a knowledge
of military tactics. The idea of attempting to
move artillery without being protected and closely
protected by infantry is ridiculous, and should
cover every man who submitted to such amove-
ment with everlasting disgrace. Wc watch our
artillery as a mother watches her child. We move
it with infantry close at hand. We do not per-
mit that infantry to leave it for a moment. Here
in this expedition there were miles between the
artillery and the infantry and a wagon train be-
tween them, which precluded the possibility of
the infantry passing to the support of the artillery.
All the West is exposed to-day by this most ter-
rific mistake.
Mr. WADE. I will inquire whether this is a
joint resolution or merely a resolution of the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a Senate resolution.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will say to the
chairman of the committee that all I ask is that
the facts connected with the loss of that army
may be before his committee.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I hope it will be
made a joint resolution if it is to pass. It will
devolve upon that committcea very considerable
labor and considerable expense. Of course we
shall be as economical as we can be, but this in-
vestigation will cost something if it is ordered.
The appropriation for that committee which was
passed by the Senate a long time ago has never
passed the House of Representatives, and I do
not know that they intend that it shall pass. It
is evident, however, that the committee on the
conduct of the war are compelled under the in-
stiuctionsof this body to incur considerable ex-
pense in the investigations which they have to
make.
Mr. FOSTER. This resolution should be a
joint resolution, as it proposes to instruct a joint
committee.
Mr. WADE. It is suggested to me that this
subject cannot be sent to a joint committee except
by a joint resolution. Perhaps that may be so;
but it has not been so understood. Each branch
of Congress has instructed the committee on the
conduct of the war to make the investigations
that we have made; but I think it would be bettpr
for both bodies to join in giving instructions upon
a matter so important and so extensive as the in-
quiry now proposed.
As to what the Senator from Illinois has said
about our making investigations that impinge upon
the character of individuals without giving them
notice, 1' will say to that Senator that we are not
obnoxious to any such chaige. We have never
made any report or presented any evidence against
any man unless he has been apprised of it, with
one exception, where we took a little evidence for
the purpose of enlightening the Senate in execu-
tive session on certain occasions, and of course
that was secret. In'every other case, if the testi-
mony seemed to involve the character of any mftn
or to impute anything wrong to him, we have al-
ways apprised him of it, and asked hirn to give
every explanation he could give. Further than
that, we have not made any of these military ex-
aminations that I know of without the concur-
rence of the Secretary of War, who has" coop-
erated with us all along, and been exceedingly
anxious that we should make thetii. Of course,
we are not anxious to make this investigation,
and shall only do it if it is the law of Congress
that we should doit. 1 assure gentlemen it is not
a thing to be sought after. ,
Mr. WILSON. Mr.President,X have no de-
sire, after what has been said by the Senator from
Kansas, to arrest the passage of his resolution to
inquire into the condition of affairs on the Red
river. A great misfortune has fallen upon our
army westof the Mississippi,and the public press
teems with comments upon the origin and man-
agement of that ill-starred expedition. To-day the
Senator from Kansas introduces this resolution
of inquiry, and before the facts are ascertained he
indulges in declarations, assertions, and com-
ments derogatory to the management of the Red
river campaign. He makes an arraignment be-
fore the Senateand the country of Major General
Baijks, the commander of the forces there. He
desires to vindicate General Lee, the commander
of the cavalry in advance, and to do so ho casts
blame upon the commander of the expedition.
Will it not be time enough to praise or blame
when the proposed investigation shall disclose
the facts ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think the Senator
from Massachusetts misunderstood me. I will
state to him that 1 heard, I think on Monday, that
the order for this expedition emanated from a
western general; that it was sent on here and in-
dorsed, reluctantly perhaps, by the authorities
at Washington city; and the expedition was un-
dertaken against the better judgment of General
Banks, as I wasinformed. 1 do not arraign Gen-
eral Banks, fori do not know who prevented Gen-''
eral Lee from having the infantry to supporthim.
Mr. WILSON. In victory we overpraise
men; in defeat we undervalue them. There is a
disposition everywhere now to censure the com-
mander of the Red river expedition, to under-
value his merits and his past services. General
Banks is a gentleman of capacity and character,
and has possessed, fti his own State and in the
country, a large share of the public confidence.
This misfortune has shaken somewhat that pub-
lic confidence. I trust the facts which the pro-
posed investigation will disclose will vindicate the
management of General Banks. If he has errjd
in the management of the campaign ill western
Louisiana, he must share the common lot of pub-
lic men in civil life and in military life who com-
mit mistakes in the direction of important affairs.
I trust the investigation will be conducted with
impartiality and fairness, that General Banks will
have the opportunity his public services entitle
him to receive at the hands of his countrymen
to explain his action and vindicate his conduct.
When the record is made up it will be time enough
to cast censure upon his action. I demand of
Senators who propose this investigation that they
shall not, in advance, put upon the records of the
country declarations tending to condemn the man-
agement of General Banks in this Red river move-
ment.
The PRESIDENT wro tempore. The question
is on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I proposed to amend the res-
olution.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am willing to ac-
cept, the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Whatever may be the remarks
of the Senator from Kansas to which the Senator
from Massachusetts objects, there is nothing in
the resolution itself that casts reproach upon Gen-
eral Banks or anybody else. The administration
of his department is a legitimate subject of inquiry
by Congress. I do not desire an investigation as
to the simple fact whether he directed his artillery
or his cavalry or his baggage train in a proper
manner, but into everything connected with the
administration of the department. That is what
the people of this country desire at this time. If
General Banks has behaved well, and as his
