198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
hundred copies of the reportof the Institution for
the Deaf and Dumb and the "Blind, for the use of
the institution, have instructed me to repoitit
back without amendment, and to ask for itspres-
•ent consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution; and it was agreed to,
as follows:
Tlesolved, That five hundred copies of the report of the
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind be printed
for the use of the institution.
CHICAGO WATERWORKS.
Mr. CHAHDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred Senate bill No. 57,
have directed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that jjt pass; and I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider it at the present
time. It merely authorizes the city of Chicago
to use fresh water.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the title of the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary. "A bill declaring the as-
sent of Congress to an act of the Legislature of the
State of Illinois therein named."
By unanimous consent, the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole proceeded to consider the bill.
It gives the consent of Congress to the operation
of the eleventh section, chapter fifteen, of the act
of the Genera] Assembly of the State of Illinois,
approved February 13,1863, entitled u An act to
reduce the charter of the city of Chicago and the
several acts amendatory thereof into one act, and
to revise the same;" which section is as follows:
" Said city shall have the power to extend aque-
ducts or inlet pipes into Lake Michigan so far as
may be deemed necessary to insure a supply of
pure water, and to erect a pier or piers in the navi-
gable waters of said lalje for the making, preserv-
ing, and working of said pi pet > raqueducts; pro-
vided that such pier shall bo furnished with a bea-
con li^ht which shall be lighted ntall such seasons
and hourg as the light on the pier at the entrance of
Chicago river."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amend mont.
Air. POSTER. I should like to ask thcchctir-
 fmn of the Committee on Commerce what neces-
sity there is for any consent of Congress to enable
the city of Chicago to draw water from the lake?
Mi. CHANDLER. The proposition is to run
a tunnel under the lake for about two miles, so
that the city may procure water beyond the reach
of the debris from the. Chicago river. The Legisla-
ture of Illinois has granted them the permission
of the State, and they now deem it important to
have the sanction of Congress with the permis-
sion given by the State, it being navigable wiuer.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed foi a thu d
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
SECOND ASSISTANT BECIUSTAltY 01? tVAll.
Mr. WILSON. If there is no furtht r morning
business, J move that the Senate take up the bill
(S. No. 50) to authorize the President to appoint
a Second Assistant Secretary of War.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authoi ize the Piesident, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint an
ofKcor in the \Var Department to be called the
Second Assistant Secretary of War, at a salary
of $3,000 per annum, to perform such duties in
thai Department as shall bo prescribed by the Sec-
retary of War, or as may be req aired by law.
MV..IOITNSON. 1 rise to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs if there
is any necessity for the appointment of an addi-
tional AssistantSecretaiy. Theie is one already,
I understand. It serms to me that we are going
on multiplying offices to a very great extent.
Mr. WILSON, i will say to the Senator that
early in the war we authorized the appointment of
three Assistant Secretin ies of War, but we limited
the duration of office of the Second and the Third
Assistants to one year. The time expired many
months ago, nearly a yeara^o,and the office now
is very much buidened. The present Assistant
Secretary of War has been for several months
during the past season confined by sickness,
brought on, as he and his friends think, by over-
exertion, and the Department i« very anxious to
add one more assistant. -
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not object to it if the
Secretary of War says it is necessary; but I would
suggest to the chairman of the committee whether
it would not be better to Krnitthe duration of the
appointment to the termination of the war.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to limit it
to one year if the Senator chooses.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will move that limitation.
Mr. WILSON. Say " one year or during the
war."
Mr. JOHNSON. " One year" will do.
Mr. WILSON. We can renew it next year. "
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, we can renew it if it be
found necessary. I move to amend the bill by
inserting at the properplace, " forthe term of one
year from the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask to be excused from any
further service upon the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator's ser-
vices on that committee are very important,and
I should be very sorry as a member of the com-
mittee to dispense with them. I do not wish, of
course, to have him retained there against his will;
but unless there is some very strong reason why
he wishes to leave us, I hope he will continue
with us. I can assure the Senate that his ser-
vices are quite important to the country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Kansas that he
be excused from further service upon the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OP THE JOINT RULES.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, some time ago I
proposed an amendment or modification of one of
the joint rules of the two Houses. It is proper
business for consideration within the morning
hour, and I ask that it be taken up now for con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution m relation to the rules indicated
in his motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
now before the Senate. It will bo read,and will
then be open to amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
llesolvcd by the Senate, (the House of "Representatives
concuiiing,)*That the first joint rule of the two Houses be
amended to read as follows:
When amendments are made by either House to a bill,
joint resolution, or eoncurient resolution from the other,
the course of pioceedmgs thall be as follows :
I. The Houdc originating the bill, £*c., may, in whole or
in part, ngiee to *uch amendments—agree to Mich amend-
ments with amendments, or disagree to them.
a. The House making the amendments may in like man-
ner proceed to act upon these pioccedingy of the oiigmating
Jloih'1.
3. Should this last action not he agreed to by the origin-
ating House, and thereby produce a disagreement between
tin: two House*, either nviy recede from its disagreement,
thereby pacing the bill, &c., or may insist upon it, and
a^k a free conference on the point or points ot such disa-
L'leement; appoint a committee of conference on its p.ut,
and t-end the bill, papers, &c\, to the other House.
4. The latter House may also insist upon its disagree-
ment—agree to the confeieiiec, and appoint a committee
on its pan.
">. The joint committee of conference may then proceed
freely to eonlerupon. the pomtor points of disagreement
between the two Houses, but shall not be at liberty to affect
any other part or pai ot the bitf, &e., already agteetf to by
hoth Houses; and shall promptly make repoitot the result
ofsueh conference to their respective Houses the bill, pa-
pejs, &e., being biougiu into the Hou&e fust pioposnig the
oonlerenee.
6 This latter House shall first act upon the report of the
committee; its action upon the lepoit shall then be sent,
with ihe bill, papers, &e., to thp other House, which may
then also act upon it.
7. Should the committees, lespcctively, report a disagree-
ment between themselves/ second committees may be ap-
pointed, who shall pioceed in like manner as the first.
8. Should the second committees ainee to a common re-
port lor settling the disagreement hetvvern the two Houses,
it will bo made to the respective Houses, upon winch the
Houses will act as stated in the sixth article of this nile.
9. Should the second committees disagree, the fact will
be repoited lo the lespectivc Houses, as in the first instance,
and the House asking the second conference shall tirst act
upon tins second repoit.
JO. The term of conference being then passed, this House
may recede from us disagreement, winch will pa-sS the bill,
&e.,or,by a simple resolution, it may state its reasons and
adhere to it* disagreement, or it may simply adhere to its
disagreement, ami send the bill, papers, &c.,to the other
ItotKC.
II. The othci Ilouac may then procccd in the same man-
ner, and should this House recede from its disagreement,
the hill, &e., will be passed; but should this Hou-sc al o
adhere, with a statement of its reasons or not, the bill, &.C.,
will then he lost.
12. Should a bill, &c.,be thus lost or defeated, such paits
of the same, verbatim ct literatim, as may have been agreed
to by both Houses, and have not been effected by any dis-
agreement between the two Houses, may, in either Iloti.se,
be immediately introduced as a new bill, &c., by any mem-
ber thereof, and shall take preccdcnce of all other business-,
and be acted upon in all its readings and stages immedi-
ately and without debate, and if passed, shall forthwith be
sent to the other House.for concurrence, which House shall,^
in like manner as the first, immediately proceed to act upon'
the said bill, &c.; and should this House also pass this bill,
&c., notice thereof shall immediately be sent to the first
House, and the bill, &c.5 may immediately be signed by the
Piesidmg Officers of the two Houses, as other bills, &c ,are
signed, and presented to the President of the United States
for his approval or disapproval, as in otliec cases.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, a few words by
way of explanation will perhaps be all that may
be required in order to show the importance, and
sometimes, indeed, as I think, the urgent need of
some such amendment or modification of the first
joint rule of the two Houses of Congress as that
which is now before us. I will ask for the read-
ing of the first joint rule of the two Houses of
Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"1. In every case of an amendment of a bill agreed to in
one Hous^ and dissented to in the othei, if either House
shall request a conference, and appoint a committee for that
purpose, and the other House shall also appoint a commit-
tee to confer, such committees shall, at a convenient hour,
to be agreed on by their chairmen, meet in the conference
chambcr, and state to each other .veibally or in writing, as
either shall choose, the reasons of their respective Housefi
for and against the amendment, and conferireely thereon."
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, it will be observed
that this rule as it now stands merely provides
for the first or preliminary stage of proceeding in
case of disagreement and conference between the
two Houses of Congress, and consequently, leav-
ing all subsequent proceedings thereon to bo reg-
ulated and controlled by the common parliament-
ary law, or those rules of practice which have
been adopted from time to time through a long
series of years and from an early period by the
British Parliament—rules, marty of which are
incoherent, many of them vague and indefinite,
and many of them inapplicable to the more sim-
ple forms of legislative proceedings in our Govern-
ment, and which have sometimes enabled a fac-
tious few arbitiailly to oppose a successful re-
sistance to the willof the great majority, and to
defeat for the time being important and even vital
public measures. It will be observed, however,
that all the articles of the proposed amendment,
with very little variation, if any at all except the
lastarticle,are but the expression of the common
parliamentary law or modes of proceeding on
questions of disagreement and conference between
the two Houses of Congress. It is only the last
article of the proposed amendment which pro-
poses any material innovation or change in the
existing parliamentary rules of practice. It is to
this article, therefore—to the proposed change or
rather the proposed addition to the present par-
liamentary process on questions of disagreement
and conference between the two Houses of Con-
gress—that I invite the particular attention of
Senators.
It will be seen that it merely provides a simple
and summary process by which the mam body
of a bill, essential,perhaps, to the suppoit,and, it
may be, to the very existence of the Government
itself, may be saved and become a law, notwith-
standing the final disagreement of the two Houses
of Congress, as is notunfrequentiy thecase, upon
some mere technicality or upon some trivial and
comparatively unimportant matter which it may
contain. I submit that it is not a wise rule, that
it is not a practical rule, that it is not indeed a
sensible rule, under the operation of which an en-
tire bill, however important to the public intei est,
must necessarily be lost because of the final dia-
ls agreement of the two Houses upon some trivial
|[ and comparatively immaterial portion of it; and
|j it is only strange, indeed, that such a rule of an-
il cient and foreign origin, and incompatible with the
:! principles of our system of Government, where
;! 'majorities express the popular will and speak the
!• law, should have so long obtained a place in the
|i proceedings of American legislation.
ij It is hardly necessary to say, Mr. Piesident,
:i that each House of Congress for itself, and that
i! the two Houses concurrently have often times, in
