2220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
friends claim that he has, a proper report on the
subject will greatly quiet the public anxiety in
connection with his name and with the adminis-
tration of that department. If he has not, here is
a committee of his own political friends and ad-
herents, and if they decide against him let him
take the same fate that other men take under sim-
ilar circumstances who have behaved badly.
Mr.RICHARDSON. I desire to say,sir, after
the statement of the chairman of the committee
on the conductof the war,the Senator fromOhio,
[Mr. Wade,] that they have furnished every offi-
cer who seemed to be implicated with the charges
implicating him, that it is a species of information
1 had not before; and I do not desire when the
information is given me to let even that misap-
prehension from my mind to go to the country.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 have not felt dis-
posed to cuticise this expedition and fight, but I
do propose now to say a word about it. The idea
of permitting a fight to come off atall until Steele
and Thayer had formed a junction with the com-
mander of that expedition was, in my opinion,
the act of a man who had not prudence at least
as a characteristic of a commander. The expe-
dition itself, in my opinion, wasill-timed. Kirby
Smith was at Shreveport. He could be found at
any time if we wanted to whip him; and if to-day
a disaster is happening to General Sherman, it is
owing to the fact that that army was not threat-
ening Mobile. I do not know who is responsi-
ble for the expedition; but that the expedition it-
self* was a mistake I have no doubt.
Mr. WILSON. It is said that General Sher-
man ordered this expedition. I do notknow how
it is; but that is the report.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 do not wish to say
how that is. An officer who would send those
gutaboats up Red river at this season of the year,
knowing the uncertainty of its navigation, in my
opinion is not entitled to the reputation of pru-
dence, at least. We of the West know that the
navigation of the Arkansas and of the Red riveis
is too unceitain to trust a large fleet of our most
valuable? vessels upon their bosom; and yet here
are millions of dollais ' worth of vessels that it will
take time to replace, endangered, for an expedi-
tion fruitless if successful, because i hear that it
was understood by the general who oidered that
expedition that it was to take Shreveport, and re-
turn to threaten Mobile, so as to keep the force
there at that point; that that was the reason
upon which the orderfor the expedition was pred-
icated. But the idea of permitting any portion of
that force to engage Kirby Smith when Thayer
and Steele, with twenty or thirty thousand men,
were moving to form a junction with lum w as an
imprudent step, to say the least of it.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. I am not cjmto satisfied
to have this debate close and go to the country
when the Senator says that ihe whole project of
the expedition to Shreveport wn'j unwise, and that
if successful it would have been an unwise expe-
dition. I do not profess to undeistand military
matters very well; 1 claim no knowledge on that
subject; but I understand, and I behove theeoun-
try has understood, that if the expedition had
been propelly managed and had been successful
in the capture of Shreveport jt would have been a
mostsuccessful expedition and in its i esults most
important to the country. I do not dcxiie to say
any thing further than simply to say that I do not
acquiesce in the statement of the Senator from
Kansas that if we had been successful in the cap-
ture of Shreveport, on tiie Red uver, it would
have been a thing of no account.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The whole power of
this Govcinment was being put forth 10 crush
the armies of the rebellion east of the Mississippi
river; and I ask the Senator fiom Wisconsin how
the rebel armies west of the Mississippi could
Sid rebeldom east of the Mississippi? ih'ie we
are, at a time when we aie making a combined
effort to crush the rebel armies east of the Mis-
sissippi river, sending a force that was within a
few days' inarch of Mobile, west of the Missis-
sippi iiver to engage troops that could not par-
ticipate with and aid the lebels east of the Mis-
sissippi. I repeal that it was a childish thing
dfviding our forces when we were endeavoring to
concentrate everything upon rebeldom east of
the Mississippi river. I rndeistand that if was
the intent and purpose of him who first ordered
the expedition that it,-should ictuin in time to pat-
ticipate in this campaign, forgetting the uncer-
tainties of the navigation of Red river, forgetting
that we might be defeated. If we had reached
Shreveport, what would have been the lesult?
The rebel army would have retreated further
south into Texas. Itj would have resulted in
nothing but to get a few bales of cotton. That is
the reason it wasundertaken—for gain. Idonot
say for gain for the officers or men, but the ex-
pedition itself wasill-timed, and stands forth be-
fore the world as the most mismanaged and most
disastrous expedition of the war.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One word by way of re-
ply. This expedition upon the Red river, as I
am informed, received the sanction of General
Curtis, General Steele, General Banks, General
Sherman, and the War Department, including the
sanction of Lieutenant General Grant, and 1 un-
dertake to say that if it had been managed in such
away that we had captured Shreveport we should
have accomplished in that operation one of the
grandest succcsses that we have accomplished at
all. We should have secured Arkansas;weshould
have relieved the Indian country and Kansas
fiom all danger; we should have threatened the
enemy in Texas by the advance of a column in
overwhelming force in Texas, where we could
have met ourfnends who still exist in large num-
bers in western Texas, arid it would have given
us the whole of the country west of the Missis-
sippi river. I regret as much as the Scnatorfrom
Kansas, or any other man can, the fact that we
have met with a reverse in this expedition. The
mismanagement rests somewhere. I do not ob-
ject to an inquiry into that mismanagement, or
that the committee on the conduct of the war
should inquire into it. I desire that the real truth
should be known, to cover up nothing; but I am
not satisfied to have the Senator from Kansas in
such strong language denounce the whole project
of the expedition upon Shreveport, and turn ltofl*
by saying it was a mere speculation in cotton.
Mr. President, 1 have no idea that General Cur-
tis, or General Steele, or Genet al Banks, or Gen-
eral Grant, or (he War Department, had any idea
they were making an expedition for the capture
of cotton. No, sir. It was to take possession
of the country beyond the Mississippi, and to
settle it for the Union and the Union cause.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no knowledge as to
who originated the campaign, and I have no crit-
icism to make as to its conduct; hut the remarks
which have been made by gentlemen here cer-
tainly ought to convince us that there should be
a general investigation into the subject. It is of
no use to conceal the fact that in poitions of the
country, and especially in those States from
which the army was raised that fought under
General Banks, there is an intense indignation
against hmi, and I think there ought to be an op-
portunity for the public nund to bo quieted on
this subject.
The Senator from Kansas speaks about the
lowness of water m the Red river, and he says
it ought to have been known that there would not
be water enough there to navigate the gunboats.
I think it will tuin out upon investigation—I am
so informed at any rate—that that was something
winch c.ould riot have been guarded against, for
the reason that at this season of the year there is
generally water enough in the Red river, but the
rebels very adioiily chaiu^d the current of the
river into one of those Bayous which so much
abound in Louisiana and carr>ed off a large por-
tion of the volume of water that oidinarily ilows
through that stream in another direction into the
Gulf of Mexico, and thus reduced the water in
the river, so that vessels weie immediately put
aground. If this he so, it is due to General Banks
and (he men who cooperated with him, and to the
other officers of the Army who were said to have
given their approval of tins expedition, that this
Taet should be developed in some authentic way
befoie some oigan of this body. It is due to
them that that fact should be made public if it be
i a fact, arid I was informed on Sunday by an offi-
j cer v\ ho left the lleet nine days befoie that it was
| a fact. It is due, I think, to all patties, to the
i public sentiment of the country, to the Govcrn-
I ment, to the officers of the Army and Navy who
| had charge of the expedition, that theie should
I be a fan inquiry into the facts connected with it.
1 I have submitted an amendment changing the
I resolution inioaconcurrentresokiUoiijUnd chang-
ing the character of the inquiry so as to make it
a general inquiry into the administration of the
department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Anthokty.)
The amendment of the Senator from Iowa is to
make the resolution read as follows:
Rcsolred by the Senate, (the House, of Representatives
concuiring,) That the joint committee en tiie conductof
the war be requested to investigate the causes of the recent
disasters on Red river, and inquire into the genera] admin-
istration of that department, with power to send for per-
sons and papers.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make one
remark in answer to the Senator from Wisconsin.
With Steele's troops at Little Rock, and Thay-
er's troops at Fort Smith, Kansas and the Indian
country were secureasagainstevenguerrillas; we
were keeping guerrillas out of the country. I
say that the movement of Thayer's troops and
Steele's troops on Shreveport, even if there had
been a success, endangered the Indian country,
and endangered the State I have the honor in part
to represent. The only way to defend the Indian
territory is by troops in its immediate vicinity.
You withdrew them to Shreveport, and opened up
the Indian territory and Kansas and Missouri to
the incursions of guerrillas. So far as the protec-
tion of Arkansas, so far as the protection of the
Indian territory, so far as the protection of Kan-
sas was concerned, it was much better that Steele
had remained at Little Rock and Thayer at Fort
Smith. The Senator from Wisconsin is mistaken.
Here is Kansas, which has furnished sixteen
thousand troops, and to-day her citizens are ex-
posed from south to north; the families of those
gallant soldiers exposed to the murderous Q,uan-
trell by this mistake. It is charity to denominate
the movement a mistake.
I have avoided criticising our authorities as
carefully as the Senator from Wisconsin; I am
as desirous to sustain them as the Senator from
Wisconsin; but here is my own State calling now
for assistance, with only something like fifteen hun-
dred troops within her borders out of the sixteen
thousand she has furnished, with her whole south-
ern and eastern border exposed to the incursions
of guernllas, and her brave soldiers hundreds,
and some of them thousands of miles from her
border, while their families are being exposed to
duantrell's muiderous bands, owing, as I be-
lieve, to a mistake from some source. I do not
know from what authority the Senator from Wis-
consin speaks when he says that General Curtis
sanctioned this expedition. I would like him to
give me that authotity. I do know that for
months, ever since that gallant general assumtd
command-of the department, of Kansas, he has
been demanding troops for the protection of his
depaitment; and 1 cannot believe that General
Curtis sanctioned an expedition that took fiom
Kansas almost till the piotection she had. I would
like also to know the authority that authorized
the Senator from Wisconsin to state that General
Banks sanctioned this expedition. I stated here
a few moments since that I had understood that
this expedition originated fiom a western general,
that it came here and was reluctantly indorsed,
and that it was in direct violation of the wishes
of General Banks and contraiy to his judgment.
Now, I ask the Senator from Wisconsin, when
lie states that Gcneutl Curtis sanctioned this ex-
pedition, to give his authority. It the statement
[ have made that Geneial Banks was opposed to
this expedition be true, I ask him, in justice to
me as well as in justice to General Ranks, to state
his authority that authorized him before the na-
tion to state that that officer sanctioned this expe-
dition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not feel at liberty to
refer to those letter« and papers which I have
seen, which purport to be copies of letters ofGren-
cral Banks and other gentlemen in relation to these
matters, and state the contents of them. I will
state to my friend from Kansas that I believe such
to be the fact.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am especially anx-
ious to know. The statement that the Senator
from Wisconsin has made will be extremely dam-
aging to General Curtis, and unless he can state
with^a knowledge of what he says that General
Curtis sanctioned this expedition,! should like
to have him withdraw the allegation altogether.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not state that I have
any means of knowledge within n y power that
General Curtis .sanctioned this precise expeditions
