mm
THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2$,
If the statute stopped there, the only limitation of
time to which theauthority of the President could
be subject would be the continuance of the rebel-
lion. The other words are put in to guard against
the contingency that the rebellion will last rather
longer than it is advisable to force the same setof
■men mto the field, and it goes on to provide that
they are to continue in service " during the pres-
ent rebellion, not, however, exceeding the term
of three years." But they must be called, if the
rebellion lasts so long, for three years, and al-
though they are out under the call for three years,
their service terminates at the termination of the
rebellion.
. Now, I agree with my friend from Ohio, who
has just spoken—and I was very glad to hear the
doctrine, but notsurprised to hear it coming from
him—that upon considerations of general policy,
which are peculiarly applicable and controlling, as
I think, in a discussion of this kind, under our
institutions it is very perilous to have put into
the field as soldiers thousands and hundreds of
thousands of men for a period so long as three
years. There is nobody who is at ail conversant
with the soldier's life, either by information ob-
tained by reading or by experience, who does not
know that they form an attachment for it in the
first place, and, in the second place, that as a gen-
eral rule it unfits them for other employment.
I understood the honoiable member from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the Committee on
Militaiy Affairs, in his recollection of the num-
ber of men that have been called out already, as
telling us that there have been called out under
the existing laws since the 17th of October, 1803,
600,000 men; that in addition to these 600,000
men there had been obtained in some other way,
1 do not know how, by rcenhstments, I suppose,
principally, 48,000 men, who have been sent to
the aiiny of the Potomac since the commence-
ment of the present campaign; and that there
jjave been put into the field, if I understand him,
m addition to these two numbers, 700,000, mak-
ing a total of 1,348,000, besides the number of
black soldiers and men enlisted for different ser-
vice fiom that class of our people, 350,000, mak-
ing a gund aggregate uf 1,498,000. How long
these men have been enlisted lor or drafted for,
except such portion as may consist of a part of
the one hundred days' men, I do not know; but
assuming that they aie all now out under the au-
thority which the existing law gives, we have
moi'i' than 1,500,000 men who are now in the
Bcrvice for three years, or such portion of the
thlee years as may be unexpired.
Mr. COLLAMER. A Uugepartof them were
nine months' militia men.
Mr. JOl-INSON. lam not speaking of nine
months'men; there have not been any of them
since 1^63.
Mr COLLAMER Yes, sir.
Mr. JO UN SON. There were no nine months'
men in 1803.
Mi. HARRIS. Some.
Mr. JOHNSON, Very few, at any rate.
Mt. COLLAMER. They had two brigades
of them f'i om Vermont at the battle of Gettysburg.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is quite enough for
the puipose of jliusti atiou; I do not care whether
it is one million and a half or half a million, it is
quite enough. Suppose wo have half a million
of men enlisted ni that way, is that not enough?
The honoiable member fiomOhio is right i have
heard U from ofliceis who have been present in
some of the leading battles—he is light when he
says that those men who are almost fresh from
the plow or from the shop, when they are put in
association with veteran soldiers and under com-
petent ulHceis, fight nearly as well, if not quite as
v/ell, as ihosc who are called veterans.
Mr. SPRAGUE. By the courtesy of theSen-
ator fiom Maryland, 1 would ask him why it is
that in the leturns of the killed and wounded,
the new legiments, the regiments thathavc never
been undei fire before, show a loss of two, three,
and sometimes four times as many as those who
have had experience m receiving fire? That is a
fact.
Mu JOHNSON. I do not think it exactly
snows that they are not very gallant men. and do
not fight very hard.
SPi' AGUE. Undoubtedly they are gal-
lant. s b
Mr. JOHNSON, i can only conjecture it as
one of the reasons; I suppose it is because" being
new men they are put in advance, and have not
learned to run away.
Mr.-SPRAGUE. Because they cannot take
care of themselves when they get there.
Mr. JOHNSON. What, in the fight?
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is because they go where
they have no right to go. It is because they go
where they are not ordered to go. It is because
they are not under proper restraintand restriction
that theygo. Itiscertainly because they are not
disciplined that they do go.
Mr. JOHNSON. One battle would correct that.
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, it does not.
Mrv JOHNSON. 1 should think it would.
With that natural instinct to which we have had
reference here on other occasions, I think one
considerable battle would put an end to that; but
that is immaterial for my purpose. How long is
(his rebellion to Inst ? With the powerand means
we have had, I think it ought to have terminated
certainly a year since; and now it would seem if
the power in the hands of the Executive is prop-
erly wielded—and I have no reason to doubt but
that it will be under the present military com-
mander—if the rebellion is terminated at all, it
will be terminated in one or two years. Why,
then, attempt to go into the country and seek to
draft men for three years, and especially to do it
after repealing the commutation clause? I say
what I believe, I do not think you will be able
to execute such alaw—notthatthere is any want
of patriotism, not that the ardor ofthe nation lias
subsided, but it will be looked upon as unjust
that after three years or nearly three years when
you have given to those that have been drafted
before the privilege of commuting, you take tt
away now from those whom you are about to
draft. If I was a politician in the party sense of
the term, and looked to a change of the Adminis-
tration either in its men or its measures, and I
was capable of advocating a policy which I be-
lieved would be injurious to the country, I
would say, " Repeal the commutation clause, re-
peal the permission to furnish substitutes, diaft
for three years;" and then I should be very much
surprised if you did not find the public voice of
the country spoken in terms which neither the
Administration nor the party that supports the
Administration would be able to resist.
1 hope that the amendment suggested by the
honoiable member from New York will be
adopted as preferable to the one offered by the
honorable member from Michigan,and above all,
whether it be adopted or not, that the commuta-
tion clause be retained.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Conness,
Gimies, Harlan, Howaul, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Pom-
oroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Spiague, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
and Wilkinson—16.
NAYS — Messrs. Buekalew, Carhle, Clark, Collamer,
Davi?, Dixon, Doolittlc, Foot, Foster, Hale, Haras., Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Moigan, Morrill, Powell, lliddie, Sauls-
bmy, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wilson
—23. '
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Fcssendcn, Harding, Uen-
deition. Hicks, Lane of Indiana, AlcDougalI,Net$mitli, Rich-
ardson, and Wught—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask that the amendment
be reported before we pass upon it.
The Secietary read it, as follows:
Jlnd be it fur tho enacted, That in calls for drafts here-
after made under the act" for cniollmg and calling out the
national forces," and the aefsin addition to oi amendatory
theieof, the same may be made foi such tctni of time as
tlif PtesjUciit shall dnect, not exceeding one year.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. In my judgment the effect
of this movement is to destroy your armies. The
Senator from Ohio says that he does not wish to
throw all the burden upon a few. Now, as we
have been informed to-night, more than one mil-
lion men have alteady voluntarily assumed that
burden, have gone into the war for three years,
and fought gallantly; and now you come in at
this late day and say the rest who would not go
voluntarily shall be drafted for but one year, and
shall bear but one third of the burdens of those
who willingly entered early and bore the burden
for three years.
The Senator from Ohio says he does not wish
to make soldiers of the men in our Army, or
words to that effect. Does not the Senator kno&
that there is not a man capable of bearing arms
in all the southern confederal that is not a sol-
dier? Does he not know that every able-bodied
man in all the southern confederacy has been con-
scripted for the war, andcannotgohome untilthe
war is ended, and is shot if he attempts to go home
until the war is ended ? What do you propose to
meet these war-worn veterans with ? They are sol-
diers. How do y,ou propose to meet them ? You
must meet soldiers with soldiers, or you must be
prepared to be conquered by soldiers. You can-
not meet veterans with raw militia. You cannot
change your troops once in twelve months "and
hope for success m the open field. All the his-
tory of war has taught us that lesson. Shall we
not avail ourselves of the experience of ages?
Shall we come in here now at this late day after
three years of hard fighting and say we will meet
war-worn veterans of three and four and five
years with one-year militia ?
Mr. President, I hope this amendment will not
prevail. 1 hope the good sense of the Senate will
satisfy them that if you hope to conquer this re-
bellion you must conquer it with soldiers, for
you never will put it down with anything but
soldiers.
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Michigan
seems to have a hankering after the manners,
customs, and habits of the southern confedeiacy.
I do not propose to follow their example very
closely. They hunt up conscripts with blood-
hounds and put them into the ranks, I understand.
I do not know but that the Senator thinks we
ought to follow their example close enough for
that, and put men in for an indefinite time. "But
I can tell the Senator that freemen do not like
this idea of being conscripted for such a length of
time.
H says a great number of men have volunteered
for three years. 1 know it, sir. It shows the
patriotism of our people. 1 wish we could raise
all the troops we want in that way, but experi-
ence has shown us that we cannot do that, and
it was well in the early part of this war to have
soldiers as many as we could get, and for the
longest term, and now if you will get them by
volunteering as the Senator says we have done,
and intimates very clearly that we can in the fu-
ture 
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no, sir.
Mr. WADE, if we can do that, let them vol-
unteer, and for the longer tune the better. I am
agreed with him upon that. Hut 1 repeat that when
you take a man from hi.* farm or from his work-
shop and put him nitothrhfld lor three long years,
you cause him to lose his character of a citizen for
that of a soldier. 1 do not know that he is any
better soldiei for being there fhree years or for
life, than he would if he were there long enough
to be accustomed to the habits of military life,. I
do not believe that our expeiience has sho^vu us
that the longer the soldiers are in the field the
better they are. The Senator talks of the war
veterans of the South. Well, sir, the war-worn
veterans of the South, in my judgment, are very
nearly worn out. They are "war-worn," sir,
worn clear up, and they never have been able to
meet us with any odds in the field, i utterly deny
the insinuation the Senator makes that our sol-
diers are not equal to the veterans of the South
that he sneaks of.
Mr. CHANDLER. Ou rs are veterans.
Mr. WADE. Some of our s are veterans; and
some are not veiy veteran, and the greenest
troops we have had have shown themselves as
efficient in battle as those who have been in the
ranks. Look at Fort Dcfnelson. Your raw regi-
ments there, just arriving, fought like veterans,
and were as efficient as any soldiers we had.
Look^atGettysburg. There new recruits coming
right in, and one regiment from Vermont, 1 was
told by an eminent man, fought bravely and well,
and was in the hardest part of the fight, and never
shrank from it. They distinguished themselves
among veterans. They8 had only just got there.
Mr. COLLAMER. They were mihtia, too.
Mr. WADE. Yes, they were miluia. You
need not tell me that it adds couiage to a man to
go about drilling him till he is worn out or a war-
