1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1M
incorporated into the constitution of the State
the following provisions:
" 1. No person who has held or exercised any office, civil
or military. State or confederate, under the usurping power,
shall vote for or be a member of the Legislature, or Gov-
ernor.
"2. Involuntary servitude is forever prohibited, and the
freedom of all persons is guarantied in said State."
From the very commencement of civil war, to
statesmen, as well as to the masses of the peo-
ple, the question of reconstruction has been a
source of great embarrassment. While in some
quarters theories and plans were suggested at an
early day, in others it was insisted that the ques-
tion should be postponed until after the suppres-
sion of the rebellion and the restoration of order.
It is difficult, however, to understand how the
latter proposition can be carried into effect, how
seven million people can be reduced to order with-
out some kind ofcivil government. But for some
months past we have been admonished by the
course of events that delay cannot, with safety,
be much longer tolerated. In Arkansas, Louisi-
ana, and Tennessee the loyal men. are demanding,
protection and deliverance from anarchy, mis-
rule, and tyranny. Their voice has been heard
at the Executive Mansion, and responded to in a
proclamation accompanying the last annual mes-
sage. This is the firstdistinctact of any branch
of the Government looking to a solution of the
difficulty. "Without stopping, sir, to inquire to
what extent this power is conferred upon the ex-
ecutive department, I hail the proclamation with
gladness as a step in the right direction. It is a
beacon-light by which we may be led out of the
labyrinth in which we have been groping. The
President has performed his part; it remains to
us to do ours. What he has thus happily initi-
ated we must fashion and complete. He could
do no more. He is the Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy. He can declare martial
law and repress rebellion, but he has no power
to institute civil government. He may impose
conditions, grant pardons, and proclaim an am-
nesty, but he cannot admit new States. This
bill, or something akin to it, comes in requisition
as a handmaid to the proclamation, in order to
render it safe and efficient. Nor is there any con-
flict or incongruity between the two. The proc-
lamation asserts that " the loyal State govern-
ments of several States have for a long time been
subverted." Itassumesthe right to require oaths
and to prescribe terms as conditions precedent to
the reestablishment of a State government that
"shall be recognized as the true government of
the State."
The bill goes somewhat further, but the princi-
ple upon which the authority is assumed is the
same in each. If you have power to intervene in
the local affairs of the seceded districts, it is upon
the assumption that the State or at least the local
government is overthrown. Certainly you could
not require test oaths, nor dictate as to the class
of persons who should control the government of
Michigan or any other loyal State. If you can
impose one condition you mayinsistupon others.
The proclamation suggests it, " as not improper,
that in constructing a loyal State government in
any State, the name of the State, the boundary,
the subdivisions,the constitution,and the general
code of laws, as before the rebellion, be maintained,
subject only to the modifications made necessary
by the conditions" therein " stated, and such oth-
ers, if any, not contravening said conditions, and
which may be deemed expedient by those framing
the new State government."
Now, it is manifest that if the President has
power to direct the organization of a " new State
government" with " modifications" he may di-
rect and require just such and just so many mod-
ifications, not inconsistent with the Federal Con-
stitution, as shall seem to him expedient. If he
may require modifications that shall guaranty the
liberty of freedmen, he may also insist upon such
changes in the constitution and laws as will abol-
ish the institution of slavery and exclude traitors
from the elective franchise. Conceding, then, the
competency of the proclamation, it is clear that
the difference between that instrumental^ the bill
does notarise outof the question of constitutional
authority, but that it consists in the extent to
which the acknowledged power is proposed to be
exercised. It is a difference in degree and not of
principle.
Should there be any doubt of the correctness ot
my construction of the proclamation, in so far as
it relates to the condition of the seceded States and
the power of the Federal Governmentas an agent
in reconstruction, it would be removed, I think,
by reference to the proclamation of General Banks,
issued at New Orleans, January 11,1864, in pur-
suance^ he says, " of authority vested" in him
if by the President of the United States," inviting
the loyal citizens to cast their votes for the elec-
tion of State officers. This proclamation declares
that certain officers therein named "shall, when
elected, for the time being and until others are
appointed by competent authority, constitute the
civil government of the State under the constitu-
tion and laws of Louisiana, except so much of the
said constitution and laws as recognize, regulate,
or relate to slavery, which being incompatible
with the present condition of public affairs, and
plainly inapplicable to any class of persons now
existing within its limits, must be suspended,and
they are therefore and hereby declared to be in-
operative and void."
The proclamation also asserts the authority to
call a convention for the revision of the constitu-
tion, to declare the basis of representation, the
number of the delegates, and the details of election,
in the following language:
" IV. In order that the organic law of the State may be
made to conform to the will of the people and harmonize
with the spirit of the age, as well as to maintain and pre-
serve the ancif-nt landmarks of civil and religious liberty,
an election of delegates to a convention for the revision of
the constitution will be held on the first Monday of April,
1864. The basis of representation, the number of delegates,
and the details of election will be announced in subsequent
orders."
It is hardly possible to assert a more complete
and total abrogation of the constitution and laws
of Louisiana, or to claim a more absolute and un-
divided authority and control over the local affairs
of that disorganized portion of our country.
I have said that 1 approve of the President's
proclamation as a step in the right direction. I
do not complain that it goes no further; but with
profound respect 1 submit that the aid of con-
gressional action may be found convenient, per-
haps absolutely necessary, to render it entirely
adequate to a safe reconstruction of the govern-
ment.
" New States," says the Constitution, u may
be admitted by the Congress into this Union."
Now, if the restoration of Florida would' not be
the admission of a new State, it would at least, in
the language of the President's proclamation, be
the recognition of a " new State government."
It would be giving an influence and participation
in the administration of the governmental affairs
of this country to a State government that now
has no existence. It is certainly analogous to
the admission of a new State, and I need hardly
amplify the argument to show that it is a proper
subject for the deliberation of Congress.
I will now, for a moment, call your attention
to the proclamation with the view to consider
whether, independent of the suggestions just
made, the object to be attained would not be fa-
cilitated and more certainly secured by concurrent
aid from legislation. That document grants " a
full pardon" to certain persons " upon the con-
dition that every such person shall take and sub-
scribe an oath, and thenceforward keep and main-
tain said oath inviolate," and directs that said
" oath be registered for permanent preservation."
I read from the proclamation:
" l} , do solemnly swear, in the presence of Al-
mighty God, that I will henceforth faiihfully support, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution of the United Slates, and
the Union of the States thereunder; and thatl will, in like
manner, abide by and faithfully support all acts of Congress
passed during the existing rebel! ion with reference to slaves,
fcolong and so far as notrepeaied,modified,orheld void by
Congress, or by decision of the Supreme Couit j and that
I will, in like manner, abide by and faithfully support all
proclamations of the President made during the existing
rebellion having reference to staves, so long and so far as
nut modified or declared void by decision of the Supreme
Court. So help me God."
It also contains a proposition for the rGestab-
lishment of State governments which I will also
read:
" And I do further proclaim, declare^ arid make known,
that whenever, in any of the States ot Arkansas, lexas,
Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, Flor-
ida, South Carolina, and North Carolina, amnubur of per-
sons, not less than one tenth in number ot the votes eastiri
such State at the presidential election ot the year of our
Lord 1860, each havingtaken theoath aforesaid and not hav-
InEamce violated it, and being a qualified voter by the elec-
tion law of the State existing immediately before the so-
called act of secession, and esclading ail others, shall re-
establish a State government which shall be republican,
and in nowise contravening said oath, such sliall be recog-
nized as the true government of the State, and the State
shall receive thereunder the benefits of the constitutional
provision which declares tfiat' the United States shall guar-
anty to every State in this UnionarepubUcan form of gov-
ernment, and shall protect each of them against Invasion;
and, on application,of the Legislature, or the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against domes-
tic violence.'"
There is also another sentence in the procla- *
mation to which it may be proper to call your
attentions
" And it is suggested as not Imprbper that, In construct-
ing a loyal State government in any State, the name of lite
State, the boundary, the subdivisions, the constitution, and
the general code of laws, as before the rebellipn, be main-
tained, subject only to the modifications made necessary
by the conditions hereinbefore stated, and such others, if
any, not contravening said conditions, and which may be
deemed expedient by those framing the new State govern-
ment."
Now, it will not escape observation that the
proclamation does not require nor suggest any
modifications of the constitution and code of laws
existing before the rebellion declaring the qualifi-
cation of voters, nor does it require or suggest the
adoption of any constitutional provision abolish-
ing slavery. On the contrary, "it is suggested as
not-improper, that in constructing a loyal Starts
government in any State," "the constitution and
the general code of laws as before the rebellion
be maintained, subject only to the modifications
made necessary by the conditions " thereinbefore
stated, "and such others, if any, not contravening
said conditions, and which may be deemed ex-
pedient by those framing the new State govern-
ment."
What are those conditions, if any, which by
the terms of the proclamation require modifica-
tions of the constitution and general eode of laws?
There is a condition demanding an oath. It is
also made a condition that the State government
shall be reestablished by a number of persons
having taken the oath not less than one tenth in
number of the votes cast in the presidential elec-
tion of 1860. I do not observe that any other con-
ditions are mentioned. It does not make it a con-
dition precedent that the constitution and laws
shall be changed in regard to the, qualification of
voters. Now, I understand that the elective fran-
chise is entirely under the control of State regu-
lation, and that it is generally provided for in the
organic law. When, therefore, the " new State
government" has been reestablished in Missis-
sippi, by one tenth of the voters, retaining "the
constitution and general code of laws as .before
the rebellion," what shall hinder Jefferson Davis
from exercising in that State the elective fran-
chise? Is there anything in the constitution and
laws of Mississippi that will disqualify an uncon-
victed rebel from voting? Where will you find
authority to prevent the traitors, the other nine
tenths of the voters, from overpowering the one
tenth at the polls, and taking possession of the
government of the State? Care is taken to secure
the protection of the freedmen, to the extent of
the ability of the one tenth,againstthe nine tenths;
but I .do not discover that any modification is en-
joined that will have the effect to abolish slavery
in the State. Conceding the legality and suffi-
ciency of the executive proclamations for libera-
ting the slave, I fail to perceive that any one of
them has vacated the constitution or laws under
which the institution of slavery is protected find
sustained. The people of the newly organized
governments may be true to their oaths and sus-
tain in good faith all the proclamations of the
President, and yet in those reestablished States,
as in times gone by, you may again hear the cry
of the wretched slave writhing in agony under
the taskmaster's lash, and again you may wit-
ness, with pity and shame, the sale of men and
women upon the loathsome auction-block. The
oath does not eschew the traffic in human beingsi
The recipient of the amnesty does not forswear
the slave trade. When Arkansas shall have been
restored, though all of her late slaves shall have
been emancipated, commerce will be left free and
unrestrained; and what legal principle shall pre-
vent her people from buying and holding in bond-
age all the slaves in Kentucky and Tennessee?
The bill proposes to interpose guards against
the possible occurrence of the calamities to which
I have referred; and it also makes special provis-
ions for initiating and regulating the preliminary
