1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
other cases, made rales for themselves in accord-
ance with their own judgment and in conformity
with their own peculiar circumstances and con-
dition, and, thus so far forth, superseding the com-
mon parliamentary law. This is done under the
' authority of that clause of the Constitution which
declares that "each House may -determine the
rules of its proceedings;" and rules so determ-
ined are, to that extent, paramount to, and neces-
sarily take the place of, all other rules in the gov-
ernment and proceedings of the respective Houses,
Is it not reasonable and proper, when experience
has shown that certain rules of practice made by a
foreign Government,and in ancient times by other
parliamentary bodies, are unsuited to the more
simple forms of legislative proceedings ofthe Con-
gress of the United States, that it should setaside
such rules and frame others in their stead better
adapted to its own condition and circumstances,
and better calculated to regulate and facilitate its
own practice and proceedings?
The want of some plain, practical, explicit joint
rule regulating the mode of proceedings upon
questions of disagreement and conference between
the two Houses of Congress has long been felt
as a very serious one, and has been the occasion
oftentimes of very serious inconvenience, and in
some instanccu of the loss of very important pub-
lic measures. In Congress, as in all other legis-
lative bodies, disagreements upon bills and' con-
sequent committees of conference upon them take
place for the most part near the close of the session,
when time is precious, when the time for consid-
eration of measures is short, and when, as the
experience of all of us has shown, many of the
most important measures of the session are
crowded into a brief space, into the space of a
few days, and sometimes even of a few hours.
And it is at such a time as this and under these
circumstances that proceedings upon disagree-
ments and consequent conferences, and persistent
and repeated disagreements perhaps, oftentimes
upon some trivial portion of a bill, have caused
the loss of the entire bill, vital, though it may be,
to the operations of the Government, and at a
period of tho session when there is not time to
renew the bill, divested of contested matter, with
any hope or prospect of its passage under our
present rules, when a single objection may arrest
its progress or defeat its passage.
There are two recent instances of this kind
which are doubtless within the recollection of
Senators; one instance to which I refer was that
of the loss of the Army appropriation bill during
the administration of Mr. Pierce, and which ren-
dered it necessary to recall Congress immediately.
The other instance to which I refer was that of
the loss of the Gcneial Post Office appropriation
bill a few years ago, during the administration
of Mr. Buchanan. The loss of that general ap-
piopriation hi I! by a single objection at the last
day and the last hour of the closing session of a
Congress, caused very serious inconvenience and
indeed seiious embarrassment in the operations
of that Department.
Now, to avoid these serious consequences, and
to render all such proceedings upon bills plain
and simple and easily understood, and finally by
a summary proccss to rid those bills of all con-
tested matter upon which, after reasonable trials,
it has been found impossible to bring the two
Houses to an agreement, this rule is proposed,
which, if adopted, can hardly fail to have the
effect of saving so much of tiic bill as has been
actually agreed to by both Houses, and yet at the
same time giving both Houses the opportunity
of reaffirming or reversing their previous agree-
ment to such paits of a bill.
Mr. President, I see no possible objection to
the adoption of this rule, while there are, on the
other hand, many and urgent considerations in
favor of it. But with these explanatory remarks
I shall submit the question to the better judgment
of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have read carefully the
proposed amendments to the rules, and J agree that
they are wiseandoughttobeadopted. There are
two points, however, to which I would call the
attention of the Senator from Vermont, who per-
haps will agree with me upon them. The fifth
clause ofthe proposed new rule prohibits a commit-
tee of conference from changing the text of the ori-
ginalbillalreadyagreed upon. 'That isthegeneral
pai liamentary rule; but there are often cases whei e j |
the text already agreed upon is inconsistent with
the report of the committee of conference, and it
must be modified in some slight respect. 1 have
known in practice seveial cases of that kind where
it became necessary to change the text of the ori-
ginal proposition in order to make it conform to
the meaning of the amendments agreed upon by
the committee of conference. I propose, then,
with the Senator's consent, to insert in the fifth
clause of the proposed rule, after "Houses," in
the fourth line, these words: "unless they pertain
to or effect the meaning of the points of disagree-
ment;" so as to make that clause read:
Tiie joint committee of confeience may then proceed
freely to confer upon tho point or points of disagreement
between the two Houses, butshallnotbe at liberty to affect
anyotherpatt or partsof the bill, See., already agreed to by
both Houses, unless they pertain to or affect the meaning
of the points of disagreement.
Mr. FOOT. I see no objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio. I am aware that
there have been within my own experience some
three or four instances where it has been desira-
ble that a committee of conference should change
the body of a bill already agyeed to by both Houses
of Congress but excluded from the jurisdiction
and consideration of the committee of conference
by the general rule under which those proceed-
ings are regulated. If it can be confined to such
parts of a bill as on the face of them arc inconsist-
ent with other portions of the bill, and not open
the whole bill, which the two Houses have agreed
upon, to the consideration and modification of a
committee of conference,! have no objection to it.
*Mr. SHERMAN. That is my purpose; and
if I have not used the correct words to expressit,
I hope the Senator will propose them.
Mr. FOOT. I think the words are apt and
brief.
Mr. SHERMAN". The next difficulty I have
is upon the last proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
first be taken upon the Senator's first amendment,
to insert at the end of the fifth clause the words
" unless they pertain to or affect the meaning of
the points of disagreement."
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The sixth line ofthe twelfth
clause requires action upon the new bill in both
Houses immediately and without debate, i do
not think the Senate ought to surrender its right
to debate any proposition, especially so important
a proposition as tho passage of a bill. A slight
explanation may change the minds of Senators.
In the House of Representatives, under their rules,
by the previous question they can cut off debate.
I do not think it desirable to cut olF debate in the
Senate on all occasions. If there were any way
to limit the debate, I should have no objection to
that; but to requiie a bill to be passed through all
its stages in the Senate without debate, without
explanation, without any opportunity to make a
suggestion, seems to me rather an arbitrary pro-
ceeding. I would prefer tins rule if the words
" and without debate" were stricken out. I think
there will be no practical difficulty if we strike
out those words, and I therefore move to stnke
them out,
Mr. FOOT. That simply defeats the whole
object of the proposed rule The Senator will
recollect, although he was not then a member of
this body but ofthe other House, I think, that a
few years ago the General Post Office appropria-
tion bill was defeated bydebatr, speaking against
time, purposely and avowedly to kill the bill.
The proposed rule provides that only so much of
a bill as has been agreed to by both Houses, as
has gone through all the oidinory stages of legis-
lative proceedings, as has been fully debated so
far forth as any mem be r of either House has chosen
to debate it at every stage of Us proceeding—not
any new matter, but only so much of a bill us has
gone through a full and considerate deliberation
of both Houses—shall be put through without de-
bate. If you admit debate then, your bill is lost;
you are where you were before without this prop-
osition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Rather than endanger the
passage of this resolution, I prefer to withdraw
my amendment, as I see the importance of pass-
ing the amendatory rule. At the same time 1 think
it is dangerous.
Mr. GRIMES. Itseems to me that as we have
adopted the other proposition of the Senator from i
Ohio, we ought to adopt this; or at least, if we i
adhere to the resolution as submitted by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, we ought to reconsider our
vote*on the other proposition of the Senator from
Ohio.
HJj*. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
The other proposition relates to a bill in its prior
stages, when it is all open to debate.
Mr, GRIMES. But the committee of confer-
ence, under the resolution as' now amended by
the Senator from Ohio, has the right to modify
the language of any of its provisions.
Mr. ■SHERMAN. Only so far as they affect
the meaning of the language of the disagreeing
votes.
Sir. GRIMES. But who is to judge of that?
The committee of conference. When they come
in here with a modified proposition and submit it
to the Senate, they will say that they have only
made some slight modifications, some slight
changes. I may be satisfied that they are not
giving the right construction to that language; and
yet under the rule as it now stands I am not per-
mitted to say to the Senate what my opinion is on
that subject.
Mr, SHERMAN. With due deference to the
Senator, he is very much mistaken. The bill is
then open to*debate. At that stage the Senator
can debate it at any length. The debate under
the twelfth proposition is only cut off when the
two Houses have disagreed, and a new bill is
introduced and passed through the forms of legis-
lation without reference to the action of the com-
mittee of conference. In the case put by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, the bill together with the report
of the committee of confcrcnce would be open to
debate, and the Senate by a majority vote could
disagree to the report of the committee of con-
ference and refer the bill to another committee of
conference, so that there would be no practical
difficulty.
Mr. GRIMES. If debate is free on that mod-
ification, I am satisfied.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perfectly so. Debate is
not cut off except on the final action after all con-
ferences have failed, and when anew bill has been
introduced and is on its passage.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I should like to
suggest to the Senator from Vermont if he can-
not accomplish further good m this same direc-
tion by changing another rule or another practice
which lias obtained herein the Senate; that is, as
to the form in which the question shall be put
upon the coming in of a report from a committee
of conference. As I understand the practice, it
has been heretofore that the question is upon
agreeing to that report.
Mr. FOOT. Concurring in the report as an
entirety.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator now proposes a
modification of the rule which will enable us to
save a part of a bill when there is a persistent
disagreement as to other portions. If, when the
report of a committee of conference comes in, in-
stead of putting the question to the House whether
they will agiee or disagree to thercport, the ques-
tion be put upon adhering or receding from each
of the different pioposiiions which were submit-
ted to the committee of conference, it seems to
mo we might secure an agreement between the
two Houses much further, to larger portions of
the bill, than we do by putting the question as
is now done, and then the twelfth clause of this
proposed amendment would be of greater utility,
as it seems to me, than it will be as it stands, i
make the suggestion. I shall move no amend-
ment.
Mr. FOOT. I listen to the suggestion ofthe Sen-
ator from Wisconsin with great respect, and I shall
be very happy to consider with him the proposition
which he suggests if he will present it in a separate
and distinct form. I would rather he would not
propose itasanamendment to my proposition, I
disagree with him entirely as to the effect of such
a rule. I think it is a mutter of absolute practical
necessity that the question upon the report of a
committee of conference should be put upon
agreeing to the report, or concurring in the report
as an entirety by the Senate or the House of Rep-
resentatives when the report is made. Such a
proposition as he has made would defeat the whole
object and purpose of a committee of conference
to settle differences between the two Houses, be-
cause it would bring the two Houses at odds
again upon the same questions upon which they
