1864.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Lut I think I have knowledge, and I think the
Senator from Kansas must have knowledge, that
General Curtis desired to load just such an ex-
pedition into this portion of Texas from the In-
dian country himself.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I cannot permit that
remark to be made, certainly. I have no knowl-
edge that General Curtis at this time, in the pres-
ent unprotected situation of Kansas, desired such
an expedition as this. I state, and I desire that
to go to the country, that General Curtis, backed
by the congressional delegation, has been,to my
knowledge, for the last four months urging the
Government to send him troops to protect his
department.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And was it not to make
an expedition into western Texas, too?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 did not so under-
stand it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. He may have wanted
troops for an expedition into the Indian country,
not loi any expedition away from the Indian coun-
try.
the PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes.]
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
CONTRACTORS FOR DOUBLE-EXDERS.
Mr HALE. I move to postpone prior orders,
and take up Senate joint resolution (S. No. 50)
fotr the relief of the contractors for the machinery
of the side-wheel gunboats known as double-
enders.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Navy to appoint a
board of competent persons to examine the claim
of the contractors with the United States Govern-
ment for the machinery of the side-wheel gun-
boats commonly known as "double-enders," for
additional compensation for constructing the same,
and to report to the Department what losses have
been suffered by the contractors upon their con-
tracts, how far they are justly entitled to relief,
and what, if any, additional allowances ought in
equity to be made to them by the Government;
and upon the repoit of the board receiving the
approval of the Secretary of the Navy, the Scc-
letary of the Treasury is to pay to the contract-
ors, severally, the sums adjudged to be due them
in equity by the board, but such additional com-
pensation is in no case to exceed an amount which,
compared with the piice stipulated in the con-
tract, shall be in due proportion to the excess m
weight of the engines built over such as were con-
tracted for, except for alterations in form or ma-
terial made by expiess order of the Government.
Mr. HALE. The facts are all stated in the
report, and I wish that the report may be read.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr
Hale on the 4th instant, from which it appears
that at different dates, fiom Mai eh 20, lb(j2, to
October 29, 13ti2, the Navy Department entered
into contracts with vniious iron-woiks and fitms
of New York, Philadelphia, Boston, Baltimore,
Providence, Portland, Newburg, Wilmington,
and Chester, for the machinery of the gunboats
known as " double-Gliders," stipulating for
twenty-eight engines in all, at prices varying from
§73,000 to §85,000, nearly all of them, however,
at the miifoim rateof ^8;2,000each. The engines
have all been completed after considerable delays,
which the contractors claim to be justified by an
understanding with the Department that the time
named in the conti acts foi their fulfillment was not
to be insisted upon with exactness nor the for-
feiture of part of the price therein named in case
of delay. The petitioners, alleging that they suf-
fcii'd gieat losses on these contracts, now come
to Congress and ask relief upon the giound that
the pi ices were fixed by the Navy Department m
offering these contracts to them, and accepted by
them under an cntne misapprehension and mis-
take as to the cost of the work because,
i. The drawings were not made until after the
time allowed for "the acceptance of the contracts,
and the specifications alone could not afford suf-
ficient data for estimating the expense.
Si The work has been done under the direction
of inspectors who have given to every part of the
contract such a construction as to require the best
and most costly work.
3. The expenditure has been greatly enhanced
by the action of the Government in various mat-
ters not anticipated, and which could not be fore-
seen when the contracts were made, causing dif-
ficulties in obtaining the necessary materials,and
increasing the cost of all materials and labor,
while the currency in which payment is made
has been constantly diminishing in value.
The petitioners further allege that they have
used all diligence in fulfilling their contracts with
all the means at their command, and that they
have completed the work in the most thorough
manner, after it was rendered certain that they
were doing so at a pecuniary sacrifice, and in the
hope and expectation that the Government would
finally reimburse them by additional compensa-
tion for their inevitable losses. A considerable
number of the petitioners have appeared before
the committee, and to some extent have been
heard, verbally and by papers submitted to the
committee, since the subject was referred to them
by the Senate. These contractor further repre-
sent that they expected to furnish engines similar
to those of the Paul Jones, a vessel with which
they were familiar, and photographic general
plansof whose engines were furnished by the De-
partment at the time these contracts were made,
as a guide for making, with slight modifications
therein specified, the detailed drawings for the
engines they were to build; that at that time the
detailed specifications were not printed, or, if
printed, had not been furnished them, and they
relied upon the estimate of the chief engineer, and
his assurance that the weight of the required en-
gines would be about the same as that ot the Paul
Jones, and would not, in any event, exceed that
weight more than fifteen per cent.; but that, in
fact, the engines, when completed, exceeded in
weight very laigely both the estimate and their
expectations. The contractors also submit that
they undertook the work at the urgent request of
the Department, at a price fixed by them, and
were influenced to do so by a desire to seive the
Government under ciicumstances then existing
which required the vessels to be afloat as soon as
possible. These are substantially the allegations
upon which the contractors base their claim upon
the Government for additional remuneration.
The committee ^ave examined the case pre-
sented far enough to satisfy themselves that there
is probable ground for some relief to be afforded
the petitioners by Congress. But the proper
measure of relief to be granted them would depend
upon a variety of considerations—such as the
truth of the representations of the petitioners; the
actual cost of the work to the contractors, exclu-
sive of time and profits, over and above the con-
tract price in each case; how far the weight and
amount of materials in the engines actually ex-
ceed the estimates and expectations of the con-
tracting parties; to what extent the Government
is justly responsible for this error, and how far
it is due to improvidence and lack of business
sagacity on the part of the contractors; how far
the unexpected co^t of the engines is simply owing
tu unnecessary delays or to ohang< s in the market
puces of matenahs and iaboi, which the Govern-
ment could not piovido against and should not be
held responsible for; and whether any deduction
should be made for the delay in failing to com-
plete the machinery at the time stipulated in the
contracts. It should be remembeied also that
while the Government must now, as at all times,
be just, it can scarcely afford to be libeial at a
period, like the present, of extraordinary demand
upon all the resouices of the country; and also that
obvious danger would lurk in a precedentatFord-
ing relief to parties for lossesaccrumg merely from
the recklessness or imprudence of Government
contractors.
Two questions in this connection, therefore,
are suggested for consideration, namely: first,
whether relief should be granted at ail; and sec-
ond, if any be granted, whether it should be sim-
ply an amount^sufficjeut to make good the losses,
or whether an allowance should also be made for
time and legitimate business profits.
Moreover, thcie being eighteen different parties
interested in these contracts with the Govern-
ment, each case should be examined by itself and
unon its own merits, because the committee con-
ceive that while there may be good cause for re-
lief in some cases, an application for it in others
may have no equitable foundation whatever. A
just determination of all these questions of fact
and of principle would involve a protracted ex-
amination, the taking of a great amount oT testi-
mony, and the collection of other evidencfe touch-
ing these claims. For want of the te'eHnl&l
knowledge requisite to an intelligent understands
ing of the details of the case, the committee do
not deem themselves specially competent to this
task, even if the business of the Senate would
afford them time for the investigation. They have
not, therefore, sought to institute any inquiry into
the subject further than to justify the conclusion
which they announce, that, in view of the emi-
nent character of these memorialists, the import-
ance to the country and the purposes of the Gov-
ernment of the industry which they represent,
and the credit due to their statements, the 6laisn
which they prefer is one which deserves the at-
tention of the Government. The committee, after
due deliberation, are of the opinion that a board
of skilled and disinterested persons would be,in
a higher degree than themselves, competent to
ascertain the facts.and determine upon the merits
of this claim in a manner just and equitable to
both Government and contractors, and therefore
recommend the adoption of the pending joint res-
olution.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know whether
the Navy Department has been made acquainted
with the facts connected with this resolution and
report, and whether there has been any corre-
spondence between the Naval Committee and the
Navy Department on this subject, and what the
views of the Department are as to the propriety
of passing this resolution.
Mr. HALE. I will state th'e grounds upon
which the committee based the resolution anu ail
the facts in their possession. These firms—1 think
there are eighteen of them—constitute the great
mass of gentlemen who are engaged in this sort
of work in the United States. The contractors
have been before the committee a numbe^of times
and we have heard them with a good deal of pa-
tience; but we came to the conclusion that it would
be utterly impracticable and impossible for the
committee to undertake to settle these questions.
We submitted the memorials to the Secretary of
the Navy, and the Secretary of the Navy gave us
a written answer which I have sent for: it is in
the committee-room. If the Senate have heard
the repoit as it has been read, it will be seen that
these contractors entered upon these contracts re-
lying very much upon the lepresentations made to
them, and in fact "commenced the work some time
before the contracts were actually executed. In-
deed, the contracts never were executed, and
in the mode of conducting the business of the
Department it may be said these contracts are
never executed except in one particular. The
contracts are sent out; there are various stipula-
tions in them; the contractor signs them,and they
are returned and are placed on file in the Navy
Department. That is understood to be the way
in which they are generally done.
These gentlemen contended that there had been
various alterations made, not only from the con-
tracts, but from the proposals which were pub-
lished in the advertisement inviting bids; and that
after they had made their agreementand contract
there were various alterations made in weightand
in the mode of construction. The committee
thought they were such as gave ground for equi-
table relief, but it would be impossible for them to
come to anything like an estimate of what it should
be, and they thought the most safe and prudent
way would be to refer it to the Navy Department
with authority to appoint a board of their own
selection to make the examination and report
what allowance should be made.
These contractors represent that they were told
at the time, although the terms were strict and
iigid, that they would not be held to a strict com-
pliance with them. The Secretary of the Navy
m his answer does not admit the accuracy of thai
statement. But there was submitted to the com-
muter, by a Mr. IJoardman, the agent for one of
these firms who had built these engines, a distinct
statement that such was the fact; that although
the time was specified, the Government would
not hold them to a strict performance within that
time.
As I said before, these gentlemen are engaged
