3198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
in# to bear our burdens, and we have borne them
uncomplainingly. A committee from Boston is
in Washington now bearing a roll certified and
indoised of six thousand five handled and twenty-
lime men furnished to the Navy, not one of whom
are credited to that city. When you count the
men in your Aimy and Navy according to the
number of men fitted for service, there are few
States ahead of the Commonwealth of Massa-
ch use us.
Sir, I hope that after the vote which has been
taken in the Senate, and after the manifestations
in the other end of the Capitol of the sentiment
there, we shall consent so to adjust and franje
this bill as to strengthen the Government and
make the act as accceptabJe as possible to the
people of the country wii.o must bear us burdens.
^3ir, if you. tell the people that they cannot pay a
commutation, that they must go for three years
by draft into the service because other men en-
listed voluntaiiiy for three years, it is a hard
thing for this Government to say and a hard
thing for the toiling masses of our countrymen
to bear.
Mr. SPRAGUE, The Senator from Massa-
chusetts does veiy well perhaps to disclaim any
following of the Administration in the proposi-
tions which tin y make relative to carrying on the
war, although heictofoie I think he has not been
behind any man in the Senate or in the country in
sustaining- the measuies and policy of the Admin-
istration. The policy of the Government to-day,
as indicated byB its war officer, the Secretary of
War, with the sanction, ofcourse, of the President
of the United States, and, as the country under-
stands, of the combined wisdom of the Cabinet, is
that the commutation clause shall be abolished
from the statutes of the United Slates, in the fur-
ther procmement of nu n fur the prosecution of
this v. ai, 1 w tsh the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Senator from Veimont lo understand that
this !s to-day the policy of the Administration,
and when they vote contrary to it they vot.'con-
trary to \v hat is believed by those whom they sus-
tain in carrying on this war to be the better policy,
and until they can get or supply a better head for
the govei nment of the War Department of this
country, it seems lo me that as patriotic Senators
they should suppoit this policy. Until the Sen-
ate of the United State,s tan lesolve themselves
into a Council ol Ten, and be themselves the Sec-
retary ot Wai, the Secietary of the Treasury,
and the Jbesuient of the United States, they must
delegate the execution oi theirdeciees and of their
laws to MHisebudy, and that somebody mustbave
their confidence, and if that officer has not their
confidence it outamly is due fiom tlwm to the
people of tins count! y that tin y should indicate
thai idea. Hut while that ollicer sustains to them
the portion that the Secreiaiyof War does, it
certain 1 y m cm s to me, and I believe it will seem
to the people of tins country, that they should be
governed smuev. hat by tin- policy that lie indi-
cates. Win ti lie .says that he believes he has ati-
thoruy^to dial! men jot one year, that that is not
tlx* dilliculty in this emeigeucy, but that the real
difficulty js thai he cannot obtain men on account
oi this diawkiek, by whu h men can puichase
their sen ice fiom the country by the paymentof
$300, it do"s ieai 1 y seem to me that m this un-
poitdnt < xi^era y, the countiy being to aceitain
extent in the hands of tin; Seeretaiy of War, his '
view's and t!ie v e'W-? of the IVeMth at should be m i
some u ay i ei/aim d. !
Phe PUKSl DKA'T pro tempore. TJm question
is on the amendment of ?ue Si nator from New
"Vorkj upon winch the yeas and nays have been
Ofdeuul. j
The i[Hi'Slion being taken by yeas and nays, '
resulted—yeas nays U; as follows: ' j
Yi:AS—Me^rx. I5u<-k,er\y, Cl.uk. (\>S!amor. Cowan,:
Duvi-., i)i\on, ii'-uiiuU, P.iwt, Hair, iiain-, ilemirick^, '
Jlort e, Joint t,i), ;,<i,m:o1 Is. ,> a-.a-', Alnt>;an, Morrill, Pome - 1
ruy, i'nu'-il, Kh'iianl-'ia. Sumner. Ten lack, Van Win- !
kt« . \\ ;i«l'\ \\ il!"\. aiui Wil on—•*.'>.
liiowu Cathk', Chnndi.-i, Conner,
liowml, McDi.'iuall, ltamse\, Riddle
►iiicii'i._ >ji. era ■. TimnbuH, an-! Wilkinson--14.
An-'i;v ."—Mr Aiale-i,.. p,>s(j(,({:>i)( Urii.UnL'. II.u
Ian, II'm!.-!—in. (i mr of fmiiaiwi, NeMimli, Saul-
bury, .ac' VV.> i^!j t — 111.
So the anieoiine'.if wa^ .screed to.
Mr. COLL AM ER. I offer the following amei d- 1
merit as a substitute for the first section of the bill: <.
Tbat the Uuiteenth section or the act entitled '-Au net
for enrolling and i aliin  out Hie national forces, and for '
other purposes." approved Match 3,1863, is horehv .«o
amended that the s?um to bo paid by a dialled man to the
Government for the procuiation of a substitute biiall not
excecd $<">03, instead uf&300.
Perhaps the amendment is sufficiently clem-
without any explanation of it; but still 1 will say
a few words. At present the law stands that a
drafted man may pay such sum as^the Secretary
of War shall fix for the procuration of a substi-
tute, not excecding$3G0. My amendment follows
the form of the present law, except in providing
that the limitation shall be $500 instead of $300.
The amendment which I have offered presents the
alternative of repealing- the commutation clause
altogether or amending it. In my opinion, with
the amendment which has been adopted limiting
the service of the drafted man to one year, the
commutation of #300 will be amply sufficient to
piocure the men. What is it? Three hundred
dollars for one year's seivice, which a man may
offer to a substitute, or the Government may
offer if anybody pays commutation. That is equal
to paying §900 bounty for three years. There
never has been any such bounty as that paid to
any of the men we have procured the past year.
The Government has paid the commutation
money, $300, and the local corporations have
eoniubuted $>J00 or $200 or $300, in some cases,
but the bounties bun: not gone beyond ^400 or
$500 or $GOO, in anycase for three years' service.
Now, if you draft for one year and fix $300as the
price of commutation, it is equal to a bounty of
$900 for three years' service. It is not necessary
to repeal the commutation clause for the purpose
of securing men for the service under a draft for
one year. There is no necessity of resorting to
so severe a measuie. There is no need of going;
to the people and saying to them, k< We will draft
you for one year, and you must go; you shall
have no oppoitunity of commutation.'' There
is no occasion for .saying it, b«'Cause the men will
be secured without it; but that theie may be no
doubt about U, thatitmay be poi fecdy safe without
repealing the commutation, my pi oposition is tlmt
the Executive may make the commutation $500
if he pleases in oidei to secure the men with more
pei feet and absolute certainty. That is in v amend-
ment.
Mr. SHIillMAJV. Since the Senate have by
a decided vote determined that they will not draft
men for more than one year, 1 shall vote against
any commutation for military service. 11 if? not
a very severe detriment to any man to be called
into the soi vice of the couutry for one year. The
country now needs the ^ervice, and 1 would not
put the Government to the delay and expanse of
adopting the plan of hiring substitutes. If a man
is drafted for one year, a teim which lapidly rolls
atound, he has the pnvilege under the existing
law of hiring a substitute, if the sum stipulated
by the Senator fiom Vermont is sufficient for that
pmpoHc, he can proeute a substitute, he can get
some one else to assume his plaee m the Army of
the United States, and h< is at pcrftct liberty to
do so. If it is not sufficient, the additional ex-
pense and the delay caused by looking aiound for
substitutes ought not to be thiown on the Gov-
ernment at this time. It is not a very severe law
to say that a man now shall take his chances for
a draft, ami if (baited shall actually go into the
seivice of the country or lure a substitute, i
| would not thiow on the Govei nment the necessity
j of employing the substitute.
| I here is another ai^ument which operates on
; me to some extent. Owing to fraudulent and m-
, efficient systems piucUcrd thioughout the couu-
| tiy, peihups by our own offieero themselvts, the
j commutation money has been grossly wasted. In
! many cases it has been paid out to improper sub-
| stitutes. 1 supposed myself originally that the
; ag-uits of the (yovcniment could better be trusted ![
: m the employingor hiring of substitutes tluui the
drafted men; but expesience has shown that the :i
, oilicers of the Government have been moie cheated '!
ond defrauded m hiring substitutes than even the i'
, dmftcd man; ami the cases aie numerous where !'
ofrlcets of the Goveimirnt have employed sub- 'j
| stnutes for the commutation money and within
twe nty-four hours atiet win as tin substi'iue ilt,s 11
deseitt.d: the Government has not only h .st the !
sei vices of the drafted man but of the substitute, ij
and lost the money besides. !
Since,_ now, \vu have said that men shall be '!
drafted for one year, and no more, 1 think it is ;]
not a severe act of legislation to say that they shall
serve the country during that year, or^rer for the
country an acceptable substitute. If you look at
this matter philosophically, there is no obligation
on the part of the Government to bite a substi-
tute. There is no reason why, when a person
has been designated according to law to serve his
country fora year, the Government should be put
to the expense and delay and trouble and annoy-
ance and danger of loss of hiring substitutes, by
employing its provost marshals and agents for
that purpose. On the other hand, the person who
avails himselfof this privilege ought to be subject
to whatever expense and delay are necessary for
the purpose.
There is another argument. The value of
money in different portions of the country is very
different. Five hundred dollars in Massachusetts
may be totally insufficient to lure a substitute,
while in Iowa §300 may be sufficient. The value
of money in the different States depends upon the
richness or poverty of their people. The same
sum of money will go much further in some of
the older States than in some of the new. A fixed
sum of money everywhere is not an equal com-
mutation. The price of labor varies very much.
A day's labor in Wisconsin is woith much less
than in Massachusetts. I say therefore, th<m, no
sum which you can fix is the pioper standard of
compensation; and what the Government wants
is physical service during one year, and when*
you establish any standard, however high, you
make an unequal standaid, because the value of
money and the value of personal service are not
the same in different portions of the country.
If the question was now as to seizing upon
propeity 01* the like, the same difference would
exist; but now the Government desires one year's
service fiom the citizen. If the citizen of Mas-
sachusetts is drafted, he should not avail himself
of the benefit of a provision that is more favora-
ble to him than it is to some other citizen in the
State of Iowa. The only equal and just mode, in
my judgment, now in our necessity, is to enforce
the draft stiictly and fairly m eveiy portion of
the country, without delays or equivocations,
without any excuses, without being deterred by
mobs or riots or threats, to require the citizen to
serve his country for one year, or in case be can-
not do it or does not choose to do it, let him do
the next best thing, hire an acceptable substitute.
That is the only position.
1 trust Congress will notadjourn without pla-
cing it in the power of the Administration to call
into the seivice of the country eveiy man that is
necc.ssary to finish and close up this rebellion.
We cannot tell what may be the fluctuation^and
variations of money in the progress of a gieut
ci\il war like this, and therefore wo ought not to
make money the standard of physical service.
Physical service is what we want, and we must
avail ourselves of this physical service by draft
laws. It has been done in all wars, and we can-
not afford ot this time to substitute money for
physical sei vice.
This bill has now been carefully matured by
the Military Committee. It has been considei/d
by them for nearly six months, and as now 1 im-
ported it seems to me as just a solution of this
whole difficulty as we can ariive at. it repeal
the commutation clause, and icduces the term of
service to one year, making the diaft compulsory,
and allowing 110 evasion and nothing but personal
service or the furnishing of a substitute. I vvndi
we could go a little fuither and compel the au-
thonties at th" other end of the avenue to enforce
the draft—a thing they have never yet done, un-
der any oi our diaft Luvs, and winch i fear they
wiU not do. I wish we cuuld compel them to
enforce the draft fairly and equally in all sections
of the country? so that there couM be no com-
plaint about inequality; and then we should have
accomplished a great result. We know that this *
Go\ ernor will beg off and that Governor will beg
olf, and one State v/iU want to take money and
go to some other State to hire substitutes, Kvt ry
section will have us particula: p!\n and mod- of
doing business. Som will i>o fordoing it
'ne bL. :-j ou tho; ■ 'if a, a ml &>o on. I r * 1 <, ,
now, tnuj, it is impoi tutst for us to 1 mi uce U:l ex-
ecutive authorities to enfoice the draft fumy, so
that no section can complain, s o that each Statu
will contribute Us proportion of one-year men
according to its population; and in addition to
