1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
when they are in the Departments they are exceed- j
ingly ingenious. I am not by any means certain j
that it will not be held by the Department that |
both laws are in force. 1 think the constiuction }
would be erroneous; but the Department may
hold that this provision which you are now about
to adopt, provided you adopt it, as proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, does not neces-
sarily repeal the antecedent provision; and what
I suggested was, that he had better say, in so
many words, that the antecedent provision is
hereby repealed.
Mr. WILSON. Let me suggest to the Senator
that several provisions of the original bill are re-
pealed, and some of them are modified by this
bill; but the act stands in substance. Mostofthe
provisions of this bill are to correctsome portions
of the original act. In the practical operation of
the act it has been found necessary to make these
changes; and 1 believe they are most generally
concurred in by all who have examined the sub-
ject. Now, a simple scction added to this bill,
that " all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with
the provisions of this act are repealed," I think
would meet the Senator's idea.
Mr. JOHNSON. That would do.
Mr. CLARK. I think I can suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts and also to the Sen-
ator from Maryland what will accomplish the
purpose of both; and that is an amendment which*
shall say that whenever a person has been drafted
and furnished a substitute or paid $300 he shall
be exempt from further draft until the enrollment
is exhausted, not exceeding three years. I think
the purpose of both would be accomplished if the
amendment wete modified in that way.
Mr. HOWE. I simply wish to put a ques-
tion, and that is as to the effect of adopting the
amendment now proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetss, which is, as I understand it, to
strike out what is proposed as the twenty-first
section, and to adopt instead of it the language
sent to the Chair. If that be done, will this por-
tion of the bill then be any further amendable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This section would
not be, because the Semite would have agieed to
it in the precise form in which it stands.
Mr. HOWE. I understand also that the prop-
osition submitted by the Senator from Massachu-
setts no wis no further amendable, being un amend-
ment to an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
only method of reaching it would be to vote down
this proposition for the purpose of introducing
any other varying its teims.
Sir. HOWE. In that view of the easel wish
to add one word -to what I said the other day
upon this amendment. I am still opposed to it
upon the ground urged so forcibly the other day
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. \\T,] and
which 1 endeavored to support. I think it is in-
junous to the whole body of the reserve; it is a
wrong done to them to say that a drafted man,
by the payment of a given sum of money, shall
be exempt fiom any further liability to draft until
the whole reserve has once been drawn. It in-
creases the liability of any individual on the roll
to be drafted just in proportion to the number of
those who pay this money. That is one objec-
tion.
Besides that, the-re is another objection which
I desired to meet and to obviate if I could, and
thought 1 did or might obviate by the amendment
which I proposed the other day, and which has
been printed. I think the Ligislatuie ought to
provide some mode by which a person drafted
may, upon some terms, or the payment of some
sum of money, be exempted; because, as 1 stated
the other day, we know that ail men cannot with
equal convenience leave their homes and their
business to engage in this service. There is one
class of men who can afford to do it at a given
price. There is another class of men who cannot
afford to do it for any sum of money which any
one would think of paying, and theie ought to be
some provision, therefore, by which a person
belonging to this latter class who is drafted may
be exempted. As was stated bete the other day, pr<
a man may have a large number of men and
women in his employ, and the effect of taking
him away from his business and putting him into
the military service of the United States would
be to discharge from active and piofitable employ-
ment the whole number of men and women so
employed by him. Therefore I thought it bet-
ter for us to retain a provision which would en-
able a man who chose to do so to pay a prescribed
sum to be exempted from the liability to serve
under that draft.
I do not think, however, that that money ought
to go into the Treasury. I think it ought to con-
stitute a fund out of which to pay bounties to
those who do choose, not to pay money, but to
render service; and therefore if you make a draft
of three hundred thousand men, and one hundred
and fifty thousand of them choose to pay $300,
or whatever the sum agreed upon may be, rather
than to serve, and one hundred and fifty thousand
of them prefer to take the money and serve, that
they may be enabled to do it. The Governments
not then impoverished; the military reserve is not
then reduced; and the drafted man is benefited; he
receives'a bounty for going into the service. He
does not get it out of the Treasury; the people
are not impoverished; and the Army under this pio-
cess may be made as large as you see fit to make
it; for if under the first draft only one hundred
and fifty thousand or one hundred thousand appear
you can make another draft the next week or the
next month, and continue to draw until you get
the numbers in the field that you want to put
there. You do not pay a bounty out of the Treas-
ury, and yet you do furnish money out of the
pockets of those who would rather pay money
than serve, and it goes into the pockets of those
who must serve because they cannot pay the
money. It relieves the burden which personal
service necessarily imposes upon the poor, upon
that class who have no money to pay in order to
avoid service; and it does not impovciish the
Treasury nor the people; and because I would
like to see that provision adopted, as well as for
.the reasons that were urged the other drjy, I cannot
bring myself to support the amendment proposed
now by the Senator from Massachusetts; for, as
I understand from the Chair, if that amendment
be adopted there will be no opportunityto offer
any further amendment. *
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I desire to say
one or two woi ds, and only one or two, in regard
to the bill that 13 before us. It strikes me that
the whole tenor of the debate which has been in-
dulged in proceeds on the supposition that this
bill is virtually a revenue measure, that Senators
expect it to raise money and not to raise men, and
that they are trying their best now to apportion
it in such wise that the tax of money shall fall
most equitably in its operations. I do not see
anyjusufication foraconscription bill asa revenue
measure. I think it is the most unequal and the
most unjust system that can possibly be adopted
y for raising money to hire soldiers. It is raising
I a revenue for that purpose by chance, not by those
| measures that have been provided by the Con-
| stitution, and by those modes that have been
! uniformly adopted heretofore. To show that I
do not speak without warrant in this thing, let
me cite a fact: there has been already one diatt
under the bill containing this $300 exemption
clause; and iff am correctly inhumed in tegaid
to it, out of two hundred and ninety thousand
drafted men, eleven thousand of those drafted have
gone into the service. Now, 1 take occasion to
say that any law which is passed for one object,
and which, failing to attain that object, simply
arrives at another object, is defective in its nature,
is not such a law as we ought to pass here; and 1
think the idea of passing a law to get men to fill
our Army which law in its operation out of a draft
of two hundred and ninety thousand only secured
eleven thousand, is fatally defective. Therefore
I do not feel a great deal of solicitude about the
featmes of this bill if that exemption clause is to
be retained in it. (t will amount to nothing more
nor less than a revenue bill. It will simply, by
lot, tax so many of our people so much each in
order to enable the Government to hire substi-
tutes. ■ •
My own belief is that the Government needs
men and not money. I believe it is going to need
them mine in the future than it needs (hem in the
ent. 1 do not concur altogether with the sen-
timent that has been advanced on tins floor in
tegard to the present attitude of tfffairs, and the
safety with which we can look forward to those
chances that lie befoie us. We have been en-
gaged for three yeais in a war more gigantic than
any ever'knowa to us before. With each iccur- ;
ring spring w$ have looked to the certain termi-
nation of-it by the next year; and yet with each
recurring spring we have had to make new armies
and have had to call for an additional force of men.
I am not prepared to say that we shall not have
to do so in the future. 1 know that we are doing
so now; arid yet in the presence of that demand,
with the recognized certainty that you wantmany
thousands of men, you are here enacting a law
which will permit the men of the nation to stand
back and hand you their dollars instead. 'I can-
not call that a conscription law. You are doing
more than that: you are striking a blow at the ,
very principle which recruits our armies. If you H
come forward and say to this nation, " The crisis
is such that we demand' the personal service of
our citizens; we demand their enrollment and their
assignment wherever the nation shall deem their
services best," you will appeal to the noblest sen-
timents in the human heart, and the appeal will
not be in vain. But if, instead of that, you come
forward and say to them, as you do substantially
say to them here, " It matters not whether you
enter the service or not; giveus your $3G0and go;"
does that piesent thecrisis? Do you not by your
own action justify all the citizensof this Republic
in saying, "If the Government only wants so
much money, and does not need personal service,
we will give it the money and stay at home." It
strikes me in that light. I may be mistaken in
regard to the operation of this draft; but with the
light that is before rne, and with the facts staring
us in the face that, with that exemption clause
contained in it, it has been a failure as a draft, I
do not think we shall do justice 10 our position
or to the exigencies of our country if we still re-
tain that exemption clause in the law.
Now, sir, 1 have shown, or at least I have at-
tempted to show, that this bill as it stands, if the
§300 exemption clause is retained in it, will amount
to neither more nor less than a revenue bill to fur-
nish the Government with the money for secur-
ing recruits. 1 assume to say, therefore, that if
that is the intent, as I believe it will be the prac-
tical operation of this bill, this is the most cum-
bersome measure, the most unjust and the most
unequal mode of arriving at that result that could
possibly be devised. It is not fair in its taxation;
it will not be an equal burden on the country;
and the Government can be supplied with funds
in far better modes than the one proposed. The
only justification that I have heard which strikes
me with any force is that by tins bill you make
the Government the agent for procuring substi-
tutes instead of the individuals who are drafted;
in other words, that you empower the Govern-
ment, by the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to employ substitutes, making
the drafted personspay their$300. Thatdoesnot
touch the question of the inequality of this as a
tax or revenue measuie; and furthermore, I think
that if it is simply the object to make the Gov-
ernment the agent for procuring substitutes or
procuring recruits for filling our armies and pay-
ing out this amount for so doing, it can be done
far better by a simple bounty bili than by all this
cumbrous machinery of enrollmentand lottery. I
shall therefore be compelled to vote against all
amendments that look to the retention of that $300
exemption clause. If I am to vote for a conscrip- *
tion bill, I want one that shall bo applied to the
nation and that shall call for personal service and
that shall effect the end for which it is designed.
If I desire a revenue measure I,wish it shaped
as levenue measures usually are shaped. If the
bounty system is to be retained, then Ictus make
a bounty bill.
I simply desired, sir, to express the opinions I
entertain and intend to hold on this subject, and
to give some of the reasons that operated with the
nmjoiity of the Committee on Military Affairs in
urging that that $300 exemption clause should be
stricken out, and that we should havcin fact, as
we have m name", a conscuptiun bill.
Mr.CONNESS. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will withduiw the amendment that is
now before the Senate, offeied by him, so that
the question may be taken at once by the Senate,
and the sense of the Senate obtained as to whether
we will continue the commutation principle or
not. He presents it now, in the manner in which
it is before the Senate, in a complex and difficult
form. In the first place, it is proposed by the
committee of which he is the ehaunian to repeal
