1-864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1
Jlimselffrom an honest discharge of palpable duty,
exclaims with enthusiasm that slavery is dead.
The ancient allies and present sympathizers with
southern aiistocrats,in order to moderate the ac-
tivity of earnest men, quietly concede that slavery
is dead. Even the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] a few days since produced some
sensation and diew forth the protest of his friend
furni Indiana, [Mr.Voon.HEEs,] by declaring that
he accepted the abolition of slavery as a fact ac-
complished.* Butletnoman be deceived; slavery
" is not dead, but sleepeth." In 1787 it was said
to be smitten with mortal disease; but it " is ever,
ever dying, yet never dead." The wisest of our
early statesmen, with prophetic vision, foresaw
our present calamities, and with promptness and
fidelity sounded the alarm; but their warning voices
died away unheeded. How small an effort at that
time would have looted out the evil and saved us
the ruin that is now upon us; and what a lesson
of instruction is here afforded to show the errors
of the past and to direct our steps in the future !
Then no man attempted to justify slavery on
Christian principles, ft wasadmitted to be a so-
cial, moral, and political evil; but it was said that
it carried within its own system the seeds of dis-
solution, and would gradually and quietly disap-
pear. Philanthropists and patiiots were quieted,
while the magnitude of the evil was steadily in-
creased.
Again, at a later day, thoughtful men were
aroused to action by the astonishing increase of
slavery and the rapid expansion of aristociatie,
power, and public journals were established to
awaken and enlighten the public mind; but again
the people were quieted by the appliances of party
machinery, by the invention of schemes of colo-
nization, and by repeated assurances of the effi-
cacy of natural causes and the humanitarian spirit
of the age,in due time, todispel all appiehension
of danger. Still this waning institution continued
to expand, until new and wider fields were de-
manded for its subsistence and occupation, when
at length its champions, feeling secure in their
position, threw off all disguise, advanced the doc-
trine that slavery is the normai condition of the
colored lace, and caused grave divmts to pro-
claim its divinity from the sacred desk. That
institution which was dying in 1787, but which
has continued to breathe painfully up to the pres-
ent time, has ruled this country with an iron hand
for sixty years; has brought on a war that has
cost us half a million lives and now holds in bond-
age millions of human beings. But in the plen-
itude of its power its devotees became too con-
fident and daring. Not content with the quiet,
unmolested control of all departments of the Gov-
ernment, they sought and demanded a recogni-
tion of its absolute supremacy. They would not
be confined within State limits nor bounded by
parallels of latitude. They would make the Dec-
laration of Independence a lie and the great Re-
public a house of bondage. They cast the Con-
stitution undei their feet and invoked the protec-
tion of the sword. Throwing aside every legal
claim and pretension, they risked all upon the
fortunes of war. In their insane arrogance and
greed for power they inflicted an injury upon their
cause beyond anything that all the abolitionists
of a century had been able to effect, and it cannot
bedenied that at length slavery has been severely
wounded in the house of its friends. The legal
barriers by which it was surrounded have been
broken down, and it now lies bleeding and pros-
trate at our feet. It is at our mercy. Shall we
save or shall we destroy? Shall we imitate our
fathers, and after all our bitter experience wait
with patience to see its flickering lite quietly ebb
away, and thus lun the hazard of lesuscitation
and complete convalescence, or shall we, like
prudent and wise men, di? patch the monster and
bury it out of our sight r Do we desire to put an
end to human bondage? Then let us declare our
inclinations. Do we intend such a lesult? Then
let us act accordingly. For myself, I think the
path of duty lies before us, plain and distinct. 1
have 110 doubt as to what my couise should be.
By no consent of mine shall* a single one of" the
wayward States ever be permitted to participate
in shaping the destinies of this nation until she
has by bet organic law forever prohibited involun-
tary servitude, except as a punishmentior crime,
within all her borders; nor, while I have life and
strength, will I cease to urge by all constitutional
means the freedom of every inhabitant of the Uni-
ted Slates, without regard to color or race.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to present some
views upon this subject, but not expecting this
discussion to come up this morning I am not pre-
pared at this time to present what I have to say,
I will, therefore, ifitbe the pleasureof the House,
yield to some other gentleman who may desire to
proceed with the discussion, or to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means if he de-
sires to go into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. In what position would that
place this bill ?
The SPEAKER. It would come up in the
morning hour as soon as the Delaware and At-
lantic railroad bill, so called, is disposed of.
Mr. ASHLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. OA VIS, of Maryland. I should be glad
to have the bill made the special order after the
morning hour, on some specified day.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. If the gentleman will name
some day I shall have no objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Say immediately
after the currency bill isdisposed of, which is the
special order to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will that
interfere with the reports of committees?
The SPEAKER. It will leave the morning
hour to be used for reports.
No objection being made, the bill was postponed
until after the disposition of the cunency bill, and
was made the special order after the morning hour
from day to day until disposed of.
And then, on motion of Mr. RICE, of Maine,
(at ten minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 23, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. Theodore L. Cuyler, D. D.,
of Brooklyn, New York.
The Journal ofyestei day was read and approved.
PATENT OFFICIO ItlSPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Commissioner of Patents,
communicating the annual report of the Patent
Office for the year 1863; which, on motion of Mr.
Cowan, was refeired to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present a petition numer-
ously signed bycitizensof Washington, praying
for an appropriation for the purpose of clearing
out the Washington canal. They set forth, among
other reasons, that it is necessary as a sanitary
measure. I ask that the petition and accompany-
ing map be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
Alfred Spink and Daniel Wolf, praying for remu-
neration for certain cotton seized by the Govern-
ment at Memphis, Tennessee, on the 9th of Oc-
tober, 18G2; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of La-
salle county, Illinois, praying for the establish-
ment of a moil route from Ottawa to Mendota m
said county and State; which was referred to the
Committee ori Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented a petition of one
hundred and seventy citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying for the passage of an act for increasing
the pay of soldiers in the Army; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. DIXON presented five petitions of citizens
of Hartford, Connecticut, praying for increased
railroad facilities between the cities of New York
and Philadelphia; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of women
of the United States, praying for the passage of
an act emancipating all persons of African descent
held to involuntary service or labor in the United
States; winch was referred to the select commit-
tee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. MORGAN piesented three petitions of cit-
izens of New York, in favor of increased railroad
facilities between the cities of New York and Phil-
adelphia; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. RAMSEY presented four petitions of cit-
izens of the counties of Fillmore and Winona,
Minnesota, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Preston via Arondale and Argo
to Enterprise, in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on PostOffieesand Post Roads.
Mr. NESM1TH presented a petitjoh of citizens
of Oregon and the Territory of Washingtonjpray-
ing that the two Indian tmperintendenctes of Ore-
gon and Washington Territory may be consoli-
dated, and that said State and Territory may
constitute but one Indian superintendency; which
was referred to the Committee on India,n Affairs.
IU5P0KTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom waa
referred the bill (S. No. 301) to amend an act for
enrolling and calling out the national forces, so
as to increase the rank, pay, and emoluments of
the Provost Marshal General, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 308) to establish a Bureau of Mil-
itary Justice, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CARL1LE, from the Committee on.Public
Lands, to whom was recommitted the bi]J(SL No.
109) to expedite the settlement of titles to lands
in the Statpof California, reported i.t with amend-
ments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 166)
authoiizing the archives in the office of the re-
corder of land titles in the State of Missouri to be
delivered to said State, have instructed me to ask
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, as it appropriately belongs to thatcam-
mittee, and 1 suppose it was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary by mistake.
The report was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BROWN gave notice ofhis intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to donate the unsold
public lands along the route of the Iron Mountain
railroad to aid in the extension and construction of
that road to a point on the Mississippi river.
Mr. TR.UMBULL gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to coiistruc't a
ship canal for the passage of armed arid naval
vessels from the Mississippi river to Lake Michi-
gan, and for other purposes. ' '
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No
190) to establish a navy-yard and depot at Cairo,
in the State of Illinois; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee oil Naval
Affairs.
REPORT ON EMIGRATION.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to furnish tile Senate the report of the Commis-
sioner of .Emigration for 1863, with his account of the ex-
isting contracts, and other neee &firy ini'oiination on the
question of emigration.
Mr. HARLAN. Lot it go over. I think we
have that information on our desks.
The .VICE PRESIDENT. Objection, b.eing
made, it will lie over. , ...
■ BILL BECOME' A LAW. i
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolat, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had yes-
terday approved and signed an act (S. No. 142)
for the relief of the owners of the French- ship
La Manche.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. ' *'"
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 355) to authorize the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to stipulate for the release from attachment
or other process of property claimed by the Uni-
ted States, and'for other purposes; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that theSpeaker
of the House of Representatives liad signed the
following enrolled bills: .
A hill (S. No, 25) to authorize the President to
