202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
the commutation clause, and the committee report
an amendment to that end, to which tlie Senator
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the commit-
tee, moves an amendment, and practically says
to the Senate, "If you strike out the commuta-
tion clause and are disposed to vole that way,
you must accept this form of substitute that J
propose;" and the Chair decides that that form
oeing accepted and adopted, it is not subject to
change or amendment. Why not let the Senate
determine first whether this system of commuta-
tion shall be continued or not,and not embarrass
g us with arbitrarily presenting in lieu of it a par-
ticular form of amendment?
And right here, sir, 1 desire to make a sugges-
tion as a matter of parliamentary propriety. I
rose, you will remember, a few moments ago,
ignorant of the rule that governed the action of
the Senate, and asked for a division of the ques-
tion; but 1 find that the difficulty occurs from this
system of a committee reporting an amendment
to an existing law and then reporting an amend-
ment to their own amendment, which is a prac-
tice, in my opinion," more honored in the breach
than in the observance." i hope the Senatorwill
withdraw his amendment, and let the sense of the
Senate be taken on the question as to whether the
system of commut. tion for money shall be re-
tained or not.
Mr. HARRIS. I concur with the Senator
from California in the suggestion that it would be
better for thp Senator from Massachusetts to with-
draw his amendment, and allow the question first
to be taken upon the adoption of the section re-*
ported by the committee.
i, for one, am opposed to that section. I am in
favor of the .principle incorporated in the propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts, but I
should be very glad to offer an amendment to that
proposition before it is passed upon. As it stands
now, the question is simply whether the Semite
will take the. proposition reported by the com-
mittee, or whether it will take the substitute pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
nv, the form of the question in fact is this: the
Committee on Military Affans say tothe Senate,
*4 You have got to take just such a form of legis-
lation on this whole subject as we propose, and
unless you take that, you cannot take anything
else." it is nil wrong.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from California
surely is very much mistaken. The Committee
on Military Affairs instructed me to repott the
bill with this fwenty-firstsection in it. I was op-
posed to that twenty-first section, and I so stated
to the Senate. 1 therefore, as a member of the
Senate, not as a member of the Military Com-
mittee, have proposed this amendmentto the com-
mittee's amendment. I pioposed it to meet an
objection which was made by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and which has been made
by several other Senators, that they weie willing
to retain the commutation clause provided the
person paying the commutation should not be ex-
empted for thiee years. I therefore proposed this
modification.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to say a word right there?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. Cannot the Senator perceive
that the mode proposed by him is obnoxious in the
sense that has been stated,"namely: he tellsus that
the repeal was objectionable to Senators, and they
tofd him if lie would agree to a certain form they
would support it and vote for it. Then should
not that have pointed out to the Senator the ne-
cessity of taking the sense of the Senate as to
whether the commutation should be retained or
not? That being determined, the Senator might
accept the suggestions of other Senators, or pre-
sent his own views in any form that he saw fit. Bat
it is clear if the Senate should say by a majority
vote that this system of commutation shall no
longer exist, if they should say," We do not want
it," that that would be an end to the question of
commutation altogether, and there would be no
necessity of wasting time longer upon that subject.
Mr. WiLSON. I understand that proposition
precisely; but I think the Senator, if he will study
the rules, will find that I, or any other member
of the Senate, have a right to propose an amend-
ment to this pending amendment. I made it, as
I supposed, to represent the views of those who
are in favor of retaining the §300 commutation
clause; but the Senator from New York, who i
thought held the same view the other day us pre-
sented by the Senator from Ohio, now desires to
take a diiect vote upon the proposition of the
committee without amendment; and the Senator
from California, whose views 1 do not know in
regard to the main proposition of repealing the
$300^commutation, desires to take a direct vote on
the proposition of the committee. I am certainly
willing to accommodate the Senators.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not an accommodation;
but, with the Senator's leave, it is by that very
mode that the Senator will ascertain how I shall
vote upon the subject. In the modtfproposed by
him he cannot ascertain, because I shall be com-
pelled to vote against his amendment in the form
m which he presents it.
Mr. WILSON". 1 am willing topntitin a form
to suit the Senator from California.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no; not for me.
Mr. WILSON. And now 1 will say finally,
once for all, ratherthan labor longer in the Senate
on this proposition, I will withdraw my amend-
ment, and allow the vote to be taken on the amend-
ment of the committee. Of course I shall vote
against it; but 1 carc vet y little as to what the re-
sult may be upon it. I have no doubt what the
final vote of Congress will be on the subject, and
I am very anxious that we shall dispose of the
bill to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator with-
draws his amendment to the amendment of the
Committee, and the question now is on the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to add the
following as an additional section to the bill:
Pec. 21. Awl he it fuithcr cnnctcil} That fo much of the
act entitled "An act foi enrolling and calling out the na-
tional toiees, and An other purport,'' approved on the 3<1
day of Match, as :mthoi izcs the diMSbaigu ofpcisons
dratted into the -riviee of the United States under the au-
thoi ny of that act upon the payment of a sum of money not
<\eet dm™ ($300,1)0, and the same i^ hereby, repealed.
The Secrotaiy proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony answered to his name.
Afr. NESMITH. Air- President, when this
proposition was originally before the Senate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call of the roil
having commenced, and a Senator having respond-
ed, it is too hue to debate the pioposition. The
Secretary will proceed with the call.
The result was then announced—yeas 12, nays
2$; as follows:
YEAS—-Me^tx.-Brown, Grimes, Harlan, Lan** nf Indi-
ana, Mo «jnn, Nc^tmth. Uam^oj, Sprngiie,TenEycl\,Tinin-
bull. Wade, and Wilkinson—W.
NAYri—Anthony, J>ucka!evv,Carli I e, Clark, Uol-
I tuner, Conner, Cowan, liovb, Dixon, Doolittle, Fe.^eiw
d<*iu Foot. Foxier, Hale, Uaiding. Harris, Henderson. Ilend-
nek^, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lam'soi Kansas, Porneroy,
Saubbury, riueiman, Sumner,' Van Winkle, and Wilson
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit the amend-
ment of which 1 gave notice the other day. It is
to strike out section four of the bill after the en-
acting clause, in the following words:
Thn t any person em oiled under tile provisions of the" Act
for emollmg and calling out the national forces, and im
other purposes,"approved March 3,1863,or wbomuyhcie-
after be so unrolled, may furnish ut anytime an accept-
able suh-nitute who is not liable to draft, and stich person
so furmshmgasubsutute *hall be exempt from diaff during
the tune -foi winch Mich substitute shall have been ac-
cepted.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That any peis-ou enrolled and drafted into the military
set vice of the United States niav fuims-h an acceptable sub-
stitute, subject to such nxlesaml regulatiOHbasmay be pie-
seiibed bv the ^eeretaiy of War. That if such substitute
h not liable to di aft, the per>on furnishing bun sluili be ex-
empt fiom drait dining the tune foi which ftieh substitute
is not liable to diaft. not exceeding the term for which lie
was drafted ; and if &uch substitute i* liable to draft, the
name of the person furnishing htm shall ayani be placed on
the roll, and shrill be liable to diaft on luture calls. And
any pei?«on now m the uuhl.uy or naval seivice of the
United States, not physically disqualified, whoha^ so served
more than one year, and wlto-e teim of unexpired per/ice
shall not at the time ol substitution exceed six months,
may oe employed us a substitute to serve in the troops ot
the State in winch be enlisted; and if any diafted person
sdtall heiaftei pay money for the procmation of a substitute,
undei the provision^ of the act to which this is an amend-
ment; such payment of money shall operate only to relieve
such p°r^on from diali on that call, and his name shall be
retaaied on the roll, and he shall be subject to dratt on fu-
ture caiN, and the maximum of commutation under said
aet shall hereafter be $500 instead ot §3U0.
Mr. WILSON. I will ask the Senator from
Ohio why he desires to strike out the fourth sec-
tion of the bill.
Air. SHERMAN. Aly amendment embodies
all of the fourth section that is material, and it
makes the phraseology better. It contains every-
thing essential in that section, besides including
some other matters.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator's amend-
ment permit a person who has been enrolled, but
who has not been drafted, to famish a substi-
tute ?
Air. SHERMAN. It does not.
Air. WILSON. That is a provision of the
fourth section, and it is regarded as a very im-
portant one.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection at all
to that provision being letaincd. 1 did not sup-
pose that any one who was simply enrolled would
furnish a substitute. To avoid all question about
it, I will offer my amendment as a new section,
and then if the Senate so determine they can strike
out or modify the fourth section of the bill after-
wards.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Senator from Ohio modifies his
amendment by offering it as a new section.
Air.ANTHONY. I should like to amend that
amendment, but as I have not had it under con-
sideration particularly, I do not know precisely
where to insert my amendment, and peihaps if it
meets the views of the Senator from Ohio who
offered it, he will indicate the place. I quite agree
with him in the measure which he proposes, to
preventus from exhausting the physical strength
of the country; butldo not think a man who has
once been drafted and who has paid his §300
should be drafted again until all others liable under
the same draft have been diafted; and if the amend-
ment could be so altered as to provide for that I
should be inclined to support it.
Air. FESSENDEN. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Ohio. 1 should like
to know the reasons which have induced him to
enlaige the price of commutation from $300 to
$500. That amountof $300 was fixed, after very
great consideration and deliberation, as about the
right amount to accomplish the purpose we had
in view. I am very much afraid if we iaise it
fiom $300 to §500 it will expose the law to gr-eater
atmcks than those to which it was subjected be-
fore, on the ground of its being intended to let off
those who are rich, as they cali them, by the pay-
ment of money,and to compel tjiosewhoare less
able to pay to enter the service. I take it the ob-
ject to be accomplished is twofold. We want to
get men. That is the first thing; and therefore
in fixing the commutation, if we fix one at all,
we must not fix itso low that everybody can pay
it, because then you may fail utteily to get men.
Nor must you fix it so high that you put it out
of the power of a certain class of the community,
not rich, but still able to pay, who are unable for
certain reasons to go into the scrvice, to avail
themselves of it. Now, $300 was fixed upon as
about the right sum. Jf there are any good rea-
sons for changing it, of course I shall not object;
but it strikes me that the Senator will expose the
new law to renewed attacks, it having once with-
stood the force of all that were made upon it, on
the same ground on which the old one was at-
tacked, and in leality he will get the sum higher
than it ought to be. I merely suggest this to him.
I am disposed to vote for his amendment pretty
much as it stands with the exception of that
change, and I suggest to him whether he had not
better leave the amount as it is.
Air. SHERMAN. I am very indjffe rent in re-
gard to the details of this proposition. Myreason
for inserting $500 is, that by experience'$300 has
proven not to be sufficient. The Secretary of War
himself has offered a bounty of $402, showing
that he deems $300 too small.
Air. FESSENDEN. Oh no; he only offers
§300 in addition to the $100 provided bylaw; and
that is only paid to veterans.
Air. SHERMAN. That is true; but still $300
was not sufficient. Those who entered the ser-
vice through the medium of the "draft did not re-
ceive the §100 bounty. They received only the
