3200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23.
from their own Government than from the rebel-
lion. 1 know that that is extensively the con-
viction and the deep conviction of the people of
the United States. Sir, that being their convic-
tion, a change has come overtheir souls and their
purposes in relation to this war, and it is not
strange that it should be so.
if the piesent measures and policy of the Ad-
ministration, if the powers that it claims, if the
subversion of the writ of habeas corpus, the estab-
lishment of a general military despotism, arbi-
trary arrests, the detrusion of civil courts and of
civil law, and the substitution of military courts
and martial law in their stead; if the substitution
of the tyrannic will of military men for Constitu-
tion and law and civil courts had been announced
at the start, there would have been no war, the
people would have refused peremptorily to go into
it. But, sir, that is the present condition of the
country; that is the present policy of the Admin-
istration; that is the present purpose and exercise
of power by the party that now holds possession
of the Government; and under that state of case
it is not at all strange, with that conviction ex-
tensively and deeply and irreversibly imbedded
in the public mind, that a change should have
come over their dream.
Mr. President, there are two thermometers m
relation to this war in the United Status; the one
is in the Houses of Congress and in the Exec-
utive Chamber, and (in; offices of the heads of
Departments; the other is in the country anions
the people who have to bear the burden of this
wai, who have aheady sent millions to its battle-
fields, and of whom a million have either per-
ished by the sword, or by disease, or been per-
manently disabled. This day the public debt,
acknowledged, recognized in its items, or which
would he if they could ho produced to the Senate
of tin' United States and the country, must amount
to 500,000,000, and tins war cannot be con-
ducted another twelve mouths without adding up-
wards of ^£>00,000,000 to that debt. It is now-
greater than the public debtol England. Independ-
ent of this d< bt recognized, ascei tamed, chums
that cannot be contiovei ted, then1 isn vustamouut
of debt and of demands unliquidated, unsettled,
unadjusted, held by the people of the United
States, by the States themselves, by foreign Gov-
ernments, and by the subjects of foreign coun-
tries, amounting, I have no doubt, to more than
000,000,000. The claims for the use and np-
piopimtion of pnvate properly, the destruction
and thedeteiloration of the value of propeity by
the armies of the United Slates, and the claims t liai
the citizens have against the G overnment growing
out of such origination of claim -, 1 havo no doubt
will ailiount thus day to <£'2,000,000,000. 1 have
no doubt that the just, chums of my own State m
th.O respect amount to $300,000,000; and when
you come to Missouri and Tennessee and Alary-
land and Virginia, and to all the rein 1 States whei
th-ie was a loyal population possessed of huge
pi opei t y, ail of whieli has b< en swept h om I lie
owncifi and for which they have a just claim
ei;;ain.\t their own Go\einment fbi lis fan and
11 asonahle \a'ue, the ablegate will amount to
mm- than y>,000,000,000 ' Add th.it to tin
£.*?, ~jOO,OOII,ODO iliat are tuny due a.id it amount^
to st,;vj0v000,000.
Su , in the comnutation of the public debt the
Sec:<tuyof the Tieusury omits one imnoitatil
item, lie Js m the babi', .it the beginning ofevei y
sesMon, of making ai estimate of the uncalied-foi
appiopi moons at the end of the fiscal y '«u . These
uncalled-for appropi iations on the jst ot JuIy next
will amount he t,:MiinaOs to ^350,000,000. On
the 1st of July, lh(j5, at I he end of that ii ai year,
he estimates them at ^400,000,000. By his own
statement these ablegates not only "Xisr as de-
mands agim'-'t the public Treasui y, but have been
actually voted to be paid by laws of (Jon^i'ss,
and y et lie (lednets them from tin* public liabilities
because of his reasonable supposition that those
amounts will not be called for at the end of the
year. Soli they ar" due, and nor only that, hut
tljt y haw been ..ctualiy voted. There is a Single
: tens of s35O,0t j0,000 to swell the Secretary's pres-
ell f estimate of 'he public debt, and there are otin. r
vei v' 1 ii ure and important items.
h-if.su, J spid,uiidJ maintain and believe, that
in ie!,trio!) to this war there me two thermome-
tei s, the one among men :n public ofHce, tlie or her
among the people in the country; and { will test
that position now by a supposition. Suppose
that every member of Congress was called upon
to-morrow inflexibly to consent to peace or to go
himself to the front ranks of the battle, to that
horrible carnage amid which so many of our gal-
lant and true men who had no hand in bringing
on this war have fallen, what would be done?
Since the beginning of the present campaign to
this moment of time I have no doubt that more
than one hundred and fifty thousand of United
States soldiers have fallen, killed or wounded, in
the various bloody battles that we have had.
When that is the storm of death, of iron and
leaden hail that a man is to encounter when he
goes to the front, is it strange that the people of
the United States should shrink from running
such a terrible gauntlet? Sir, for one, with all
the perversions of the objects of the war, with all
the abuses and usurpations of power by the Gov-
ernment, with all the peril to which it has brought
the Constitution and the popular rights and lib-
erties of the country, I would prefer peace a
thousand fold to the continuance of this war, al-
though 1 was once as strong a coeicionist as any
man ought to be.
1 maintain that this war and all the operations
of the Government are intended for the people,
to be subordinate to their rights, their libei ties,
and their will. The vast numbei of American
freemen still in reserve, who have never yet felt
the shock of battle or been in its presence, were
created for something else besides. They are en-
titled to a more glorious destiny; they have a
higher mission than to pay taxes in perpetuity,
to go to battle to be shot down, and those who
survive to vote for the reelection of Abraham
Lincoln. I, sir, protest myself, humble as I am,
against being made the subject of such an ignoble
fate and destiny as that. No man breathes the
breath of life who is more devoted to the institu-
tions of his countrv, to bis Government, to his
Constitution, to the preservation of the Union
according to the bond of that Union, the Constitu-
tion, than 1 am. liut when the ipiestion is pre-
sented t<> me, " Do you prefei the Union without
liberty or hbeity without the Constitution," I
say, in the language of Patiick Henry in the
revolutionary war: u Give me liberty or give
me death." Give me liberty with the Union
slmeied into a thousand fragments before you
give me a Union withaconsohdated military des-
potism, the Constitution struck to the dust, and
tin* hbeities of the people utteily overthrown.
I believe that the latter fate awaits them. I be-
lieve that if the piesent incumbent is reelected
that fate will bo ureveisibly M-aled upon them,
or that n can only be icmoved by civil convul-
sion, civil war, u frantic precipitation of the sec-
tions and of the men of the United States against
each other, moie hornbie, more direful in its
bloody and desolating consequences than the
Woild has ever yet seen.
Sir, it is for this reason that I am for subor-
dinating this war to the w ill of the people. I am
tor consulting their wi'l m Us management. The
Pres-dent has no power to conduct this war ex-
cept as Commander-in-Chief of the Anny. The
du'y to Mippu ss the insurrection is devo! ved upon
Congress by an express provision of the Consti-
tution Congress represents the States and the
people,and Connies* is the only legitimate power
to take under its control this vast concern of con-
tinuing this war or bringing it to a ojose. 1 be-
lieve tune has demonstrated that eiui war is not
the proper lemedy to restore the Union, and,
above all, to preserve constitutional liberty; and
therefore J, for one, am for saying to my con-
stituency, to my State, to my eountiymen, that
the time lias come, m view of the bloody and de-
stine live and revolt!tionai y policy which has been
inaugui rued to carry on tins war, for the people,
the masters of the Government and of ali men
| who w i' Id authouty under it, to ri^e in their ma-
> jesty and strength, and to take tins affair into
' theirown hand** and manage it mtheirown way.
I Mr. HKNTJRICK.S. Mr. Pnsidetit, a few
days ago the Senate voted against the proposition
I to repeal the law that allowed the commutation,
| and we may as well at once decide whether the
j Senate is of that opinion still; and to arrive at a
j vote [ propose to amend the bill by stnkiug out
' all of the first section aUer the enacting- clause,
; which motion, I suppose, will take precedence
; of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont. I am not myself in favor of increas-
inic the commutation allowed by existig laws
I think $300 for one year is heavy enough._ It
is three hundred per cent, above that which is in
the existing law, because it is equivalent to £>900
for three years. I believe if a proper policy is
adopted by the Government it can by the use of
p00 secure a volunteer for a year more readily,
with less trouble in the country, with less hostil-
ity excited against the Government, than by any
draft that can be adopted.
But, sir, I did uotrise with the view of making
any speech, but hoping to come to some result
upon this question, which I presume every Sen-
ator thinks has been sufficiently discussed, that
we may understand the different propositions.
My motion is to strike out all of the first section
after the enacting clause.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that the amendment of the Senator
from Veimont takes precedence to perfect the
bill before striking it out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My motion is to strike
out more than he proposes to strike out by one
word.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is aware of that.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, so far as the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator from
Vermont is concerned, I can only say that I shall
be compelled to vote against it. If there be any
idea more distinct than any other lying at the
bottom of the policy of conscription, in othe,r
words, drafting, it is this: to piocurc the personal
services of men fit for military duty in tins war,
to rely upon their personal services rather than
upon their money.
One object of the amendment which has been
offered by the honorable Senator from Vermont
is to enable any person to purchase Ins liberation,
so to speak, from the draft by paying §500. I
am opposed to that. I think that from the be-
ginning Congress made a mistake m allowmgany
person to purchase an exemption from the diaft
by the mere payment of money, and sure i am
that the fact that Congress incorporated this idea
into the act of 1863 made that bill obnoxious.
The party opposed to the prosecution of the war
fit heart, the men who hate the prosecution of the
war, who hate the origin of the war, have op-
posed the raising of tioops by draft under the
pretense that Congress had required the poor man
to lender his military service, to take his musket
and go mto the ranks and risk his health, his Air-
tune, and his life in defense of the country, while
at the same time they had said to the personable
to pay $300, "We exempt you on such payment
from undergoing thesame perils;" and there was
no featuie of the statute- upon which demagogues
exerted themselves more ingeniously or more ef-
fectually than upon this particular clause. They
made the bill in some localities so odious, so hate-
ful to the people by their misrepresentations of
it, and 1 may say by their stump eloquence, that
it almost resulted in civil war and local insurrec-
tion. I believe there were cases in the State of
Illinois in which theie were actual outbieaks of
tin'people in resistance of the draft, growing out
of  his same argument, if it be woithy of the
name of an argument, that the rich man was ex-
empted while the poor man was drafted.
Now, sir, I am for trying the opposite policy,
it is very true that I voted for the original bill. I
did it with reluctance. Let us uy the opposite
policy. Let us disable every man capable of
doing military duty from procuring his liberation
from that duty by the mere payment of money,
\% bile at tin. same time we allow any man who is
able to do so to purchase a substitute to take his
place in the rendition of the pcrsotiui service rc-
[ quired by the bill.
I Sir, 1 am willing to meet this exigency; lam
;| willing to meet the necessities of this war, let them
ij present themselves in any posture and m any fra-
il ture they may. 1 have gone mto the suppoit of
fi this war with earnestness, for the purpose of
making it successful, for the purpose of subduing
and subjecting to the authority of the Uniteu S'ates
the rebellious districts of the country. 1 have
sons, and so have other houoiable Senatois sons,
engaged in the prosecution of tins War, whose
lives may be the forfeit of then taking up arms.
Sir, 1 say to them when they goto this war as the
: Roman mother said to her son, when she passed
