THE
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C." RIVES,' WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1864.
New Series.....Np. 201.
to him his shield, " Return either with it or upon
it:" come back victorious or comeback a corpse.
And, sir, if 1 understand the nature of the case,
unless we who fire true to the old Government
act with this spirit, act with a determination to
conquer or die in this cause, we shall not conquer
whethpr we die or whether we survive.
1 am for calling out every able-bodied man
whom this draft can reach, whether he he in the
social scale high or low. I would say to him,
" Render your personal service or put a man in
your stead who is able to render the same service
to the country in this great exigency;" and let us
go on shoulder to shoulder, hand in hand, fear-
lessly, without faltering, withoutdiscourgement,
willing to accept occasionally a reverse, a rebuff,
or a repulse, not expecting that the course ofour
cause will forever run smooth, for we know it
will not, but bearing up under all reverses with
a manly, patriotic, und I may say hetoic spirit,
never forgetting the immense value of the cause
which we have in hand, never faltering, never
ceasing to act up to the greatness and the magni-
tude of the occasion which calls upon us for the
exhibition of manly, patriotic, and heroic qual-
ities.
. Sir, I have been pained to listen to the speech
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky. It
grieves me to the heart to witness such an exhi-
bition as he has made of his patriotism here on
this occasion. I had the pleasure twenty odd
years ago of being quite well acquainted with that
honorable gentleman in the other House of Con-
gress, and to admire the steadfastness of his pa-
triotism and the correctness of his political prin-
ciples, and I regret at this great crisis of the fate
of this nation, when we require the exhibition of
steadfast and manly qualities on the part of every
member of Congiess, when especially we require
the exhibition of these qualities on the paitof
Kentuckians, to see him faltering, breaking down,
giving up the contest, giving up the hope of the
contest, and expressing Ins willingness to do what,
sir? To make terms with the rebels, to come to
terms with them, and accept sucii conditions as
they shall see fit to prescribe to us in order to
bring this contest to n close !
Sir, is the honorable Senator from Kentucky
willing to get down upon his knees befoie Jeff.
Davis and his Congress and say to them: 44 [ am
willing to accept any terms which you shall pro-
pose for the settlement of this great controversy,
in order to prevent the further shedding of blood?"
He will say, u No; I will get down on my knees
to no man, to no Government." Then i ask
that genilernan-upon what terms does he expect
to settle a peace with the lebcl government?
Will they listen to any terms from hirn? Will
they agree to come buck again into the Union and
perfoi m their functions as States of this Union on
any known terms or even on any imaginable terms?
No, sir. They have not fiom the beginning
shown the slightest disposition to return to their
allegiance upon any terms whatever. They in-
sist upon absolute independence, and upon our
Acknowledgment of the*r absolute independence
as a nation. I ask that Senator, as a loyal man,
as aKentuckian, as a once filend of the immortal
Clay, whom he and I alike admired, is he or is
any patriotic man, is any sane man af this time
willing to accept of any such terms? Would you
dismember the United States? Would you sur-
render up the mouth of the Mississippi or any
part of the Mississippi to the rebel confederacy?
You would be compelled to do so, if you agree
upon any terms that should give them their inde-
pendence. Will you agree for all time to come
u> have an independent government on the south-
ern border of the United Suites, a military gov-
ernment, a turbulent, aristocratic, and m all
probability within a short time a monarchical
government? Will you agree to have that govern-
ment as your neighbor; a government full of ad-
venture, lull of ambition, necessarily military m
its character, because the largest portion of the
white population will have no industrial employ-
ments, and the Army and Navy will be their
201
regular home so far as vocation is concerned ?
Are you willing to run the risk of keeping up a
perpetual quarrel and being in a perpetual quar-
rel or an intermittent quarrel with this nation
on the south for the next hundred or the next
two hundred years, incurring month after month
and year after year the danger of armed collision,
and being engaged in armed collisions from time
to time, thus spinning out a war which ought to
be settled now if it costs any amount of blood and
treasure, spinning it out to a century of length,
or perhaps two centuries, until ftnallv the one or
the other of these nations will exhaust and ex-
tinguish its adversary by mere mam strength:
Sir, has nil national pride fursdken the heart of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky ? Does he
no longer take pride in the-fact that the stais and
stripes, the emblem of his country's greatness
and power both here and abroad, have once been
great, and by the blessing of God and by proper
assistance on his part and on mine will still con-
tinue to be great and grow greater and greater for
the next thousand years? Does he desire, is he
willing that his posterity and mine shall inherit
as their political inheritance a divided empire, a
divided power? Sir, is he willing to run the fur-
ther and more enormous risk of a final division
of the noithern free Suites? Is he willing to say
to the Pacific. States, " Depart in peace, provide
for your own security, form a republic upon the
Pacilicslope, and take care of yourselves; we will
discharge you from all liability in the national
debt?" Is he willing to say the same tlnng to
the States on this side of the Rocky mountains?
What is he willing to say to the old northwest
States and the States on the west side of the Mis-
sissippi? Is he willing to run the enormous risk
of breaking up the whole system of States into
half a dozen or a dozen small petty confederacies,
and thus disgracing the once proud American
name, and humbling the once pioud American
nation at the foot of the trading throne of British
aristocracy and the British manufacturing inter-
est? Is he,is anybody hcie, in the name of God
can there be an Ameiican anywheie worthy of
the name, with the heaitofan Ameiican beating
in his bosom, who is willing tq incur all these
risks for the sake of a tempouiry and delusive
peace with these accursed rebels whom we are
now meeting face to face, hand to hand, and throat
to thioat, and whom, with a little patience, with
a little forbearance, with a inile coinage, with a
little endurance, we shall certainly subdue, and
subdue fore\er? I will rather believe that my old
and honored friend from Kentucky is laboiing
under a self-delusion, and tlmt he does not retiily
entertain the sentiments which he urges upon the
consideration of the Senate. I think that that is
by far the more chai itable view to take ol .the po-
sition he occupies befoie the Senate.
But while I say these things of my honorable
and ancient friend, I must at the same time in
justice to many other gentlemen on this floor say
that I do not, because tiuth will not permit me
to do so, asenbe the same sentiments to them.
I know something about the value and the potency
of the old Democratic name; 1 know something
of the power and prestige ot the ancient Demo-
cratic party; and I know that up to the com-
mencement of this war and during the wr.r, even
up to this moment, the heart and soul of the old
Democratic party and the heart and soul of many,
very many of its re\ered and respected leadeis,
some of whom I am oroud to say are membeis
of this body, are true to the Union, true and
abiding in the fdgfth of the fathers—hearts which
will never faint, but winch will m their aspira-
tions for success and national glory pulsate with
our own until the last struggle shall finally end^
in the complete overthrow and suppression ol
this rebellion.
Mr. President, I have said much more than I
i expected to say, and I beg pardon ol the Senate
; for occupying so much of their nine. 1 am will-
1 ing to try the experiment which is presented to
j us m the bill now before us, and shall vote ioi it.
\ The only doubt I have had at all upon the pro-
priety of it has arisen from this circumstance:
that, possibly, by restricting the term of the con-
scription from three years to one year we should
furnish to the rebels an appearance of'being dis-
couraged and beginning greatly to be inclined to
give up the contest. 1 wish to put in my caveat
against any such conclusion from the languugeof
tihisbiil. So far as 1 am concerned,so farasmine
are concerned, so far as my constituents are in-
terested, I say it, and say it with confidence and
pride, we are in for this war to the bitter end,
cost what it may, end when it may.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am bound to
the Senator from Michigan by the ties of ancient
friendship and of the deepest personal respect,
and I never want the golden cords that connect
him and myself together to be severed. Il separ-
ation should ensue, and if this galaxy of States
should Ife resolved into its original elements, and
each State should be thrown back upon its ori-
ginal sovereignty, which seems to me to be the
destiny that is to come upon the country, one of
the poignant sources of my regret would be that
the honorable Senator fi om Michigan and myself
were no longer members of the great confederated
Republic of free and United States.
Hut, Mr. President, although I have worshiped
the Union, although it has been the sacred fane
in which I have kneeled and to which I have
poured forth all the aspirations of my heart, and
to which I have given all the feeble services that
I was capable of rendeiing to any interest, still
theie is a matter to which I am infinitely more
bound, and which is incomparably dearer to the
deep irrepressible emotions and affections of my
soul than this Union; and that is, devotion to
liberty. 1 care not who may assault constitu-
tional liberty as it was won by the sword and
secured or attempted to be secured by the wis-
dom and patriotism of Washington and his com-
peers, whether it be Jefferson Davis at the head
of a wicked and most atrocious rebellion, which,
in my judgment, constitutes ono of the greatest
cumes that has been recorded m the history of
man, or whether it results in the wickedness or
selfishness or wickedness or charlatanism of
Abraham Lincoln, i am equally and uncompro-
misingly the foe of both assailants of this constitu-
tional liberty. 1 prefer the perpetuation ofiiberty
to the perpetuation of the effigy of a Union with
the Constitution and all the rights and privileges
and liberties of the people struck down by a mili-
tai y despotism.
I announced the principle of action at the com-
mencement of my remarks upon which L have
basml my political opinions arid my principles of
statesmanship; and it is, that the only legitimate
government is founded upon the will of the gov-
erned. 1 will read u sentence or two upon this
point, and 1 witl challenge any gentleman piesent
here to dusent from tlieni:
" Any people anjwhere, being inclined unci having the
iio\v< r,*hiivr ilic i i^lit to up and shake off tin; existing
L'oveiiimeut. <nid [una a new o:ie that suits tlit'in better.
TIih is a ainvt valuable, a most sacieil iidit; a rijslit which
we hope am! believe- is, to liberate tlie world. Nor is thlrf
right confined to eases m winch the whole people of an
i existing government may choose to exercise it. Any poi-
I tion officii people that can may revolutionize mid m.ik«
| theii own of much ol the leiutorv as th«\\ inhabit. More
' than this,a majoiuyoi any portion of -'licit people may uv>
' onuioiiize, putting liovvn a minority, inleimnigted with or
' neat about tiiem, who may oppose their movement^.''
i I do not go to that extent, hut I challenge any
I Republican Senator here present to dwsent from
the sentiments and prtneinles there announced.
' I pause for a reply. I take it fur granted, then,
1 that the principles here announced receive the
1 sanction and the approval of every Republican
member of this body. ^Vho uttered those senti-
i ments5 The present President of the United
States when he was a member of the other House
■ of Congress m the yeer 1846, and any gentleman
who chooses to read them will find them in the
jl Appendix to the Congressional Globe, fiist s«s-
j; S1U.1 Thirtieth Congress, page 94. Has not the
I present Executive of the Umted States then gi ven
! Sua deliberate and well-considered sanction to this
