3202
THE COJNTGliESSlONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
revolutionary movement of the South ? I dissent
from his doctrine. It is more radical and revo-
lutionary and destructive to government and or-
der and law than any doctrine to which I can give
my assent.
But, sir, I will read the sentiments of another
distinguished gentleman, a member of the present
Senate,a man of strong and vigorous and power-
ful intellect, as he has proved himself in debate
to-night; an upright and a downright man, who
thinks strongly and correctly, and for whom I
cherish the profoundest personal respect and
friendship. 1 will read from his speech that he
made in this body a few years ago. I allude to the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who, in my judg-
ment, is a man of about as strong a head, as pure
a,heart, and as upright intentions as belongs to this
or any other body of men; and when I can have
the benefit of the illumination of his mind and
principles to guide me in the devious political
path, 1 will rush to that bright and burning path
that I may tread safely. What does that honor-
able Senator say ?
But southern gentlemen Ptnnrf here, and, in almost all
their speeches, speak of tin; dissolution of the Union as ;m
clement of every argument, as though it were a peculiar
condescension on their pait that they permitted the Union
to wand at ail."
1 have no doubt such was the spirit of their
pride and arrogance, and if I had been present !
would have felt a spint to rebuke it as stern and
implacable as that of the Senator from Ohio.
" if they do not fee] interested in upholding this Union,
If it really nouches on their lights if it end.ingej> their in-
stitution* to such an extent that they cannot feel stcure
under it, it' their interests are violently assailed by means
of tins Union, l^un not one of those who expect that they
will long continue undei it. I am not one o( those who
would ,i>k tlu'i't tu continue In >*uoh a Union. It would
l>e doing violence lo the platform of the party to which I
belong. We haw adopted the old Declatatmn of Inde-
pendence as the Ikish of our political movement, whuh
declares that any people, when their Government ceases
to protect their lights, when it K so subvened trom the tine
puipoMN of government as to oppies-f ihern, have the right
xo recur to itimlamental pimeiplu^ and, il need ho, to de
Mioy the Government under winch they live, and to eject
on its mln«; anoihei moie conducive 10 their Weli.ue. I
hold th.it thev h.tve tins light. 1 will not blame <utv pro-
pie tot c\t>icisum it whenever they think the eonttngenev
liascoiue." * *   * " I v,iy acain that thev
have the same interest In maintaining this Union, in my
jmlsjment, that we of tiie North iiave. 11 they Hunk they
have not, he it < o. You cannot loiciblv hold men in tins
Union ; tor the attempt to do so, it seems to me, would
Kuhveit the hint principles! of the Government under which
we live."
Sir, there is the great corner principle of ail pop-
ular and legitimate government, it is enunciated
in the Declaration of independence, an extrac.t
from which 1 have hpfoic me. That lays it down
as one of ihe fundnmentaml principles of human
right that every people who choose have the in-
herent light to subvert their existing form of
government, and to erect upon its ruiris one that
suits them better. 1 do not go to the extent of
the tight of tevuiutum which the present Chief
Magistrate of the United States has laid down.
I suy (hat no people have a right to revolutionize
their Government unless they labor under great
and fieuons oppressions that cannot be peacefully
redressed and collected.
Now, sir, I say if is because the purposes of our
Governmenl, the gieat objects of the Constitu-
tion, itsgieat n strictions of power, the nghtsand
liberties and privileges which it gives to the citi-
zen—it is bccause all these great ends of govern-
ment for which our Government was formed, and
without which it never would have been formed,
are being struck down by the party in power and
by the piesent head of the Executive Govern-
ment that I am deteimmed togjve every thought,
every energy, every effort of a feeble mind and a
feeble body for their ejection from oflice. In this
woik ! shall engage with as much heartiness and
zeal as I would engage against the aggressions
of Jelieison Davis upon my State. I never will
bow to the rebel chieftain and lo the usurpation
of power by himorby the southern confedeiacy;
nor will I ever bow to thut more dangerous and
objectionable and hateful tyranny by which this
Administration and the ignoble head of tins Ad-
ministration aie attempting to fetter the people
in peipetua! chains. 1 never will yield to either
of these despotisms. The last pulsation of my
life, the hist etfort of my mind, the last wish of
my heart would he to overthrow both, and to
that which srem<-d most threatening, most par-
ticularly dangerous to my cou:itry; to jts Consti-
tution and to the liberties of the people, I would
give my first and my chief attention.
Sir, if it was the last word that I could utter
in life and I was to be called the next moment to
the bar of eternal retribution I would aver this
conviction, that the danger of our Constitution,
of our liberties, of human liberty and popular
government generally is greatly more in danger
at this time by the Administration of our own
Government than it is by the southern rebellion.
Therefore I feel a greater desire to eject this Ad-
ministration than 1 do even to put down the re-
bellion. The way to put down the rebellion, to
bring it to utter and complete discomfiture, is to
eject the present President of the United States,
who is a candidate for reelection from a position
the powers of which lie is as grossly inadequate
to grasp and properly to wield as any man who
ever filled an office and wielded great and formi-
dable power.
1 beg pardon of the Senate for trespassing on
their time.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate do
nowadjourn.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us vote on this
bill now.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think we can get
a vote to-night. Several Senators desire to speak
upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have a great many
measutes before us, and as Senators are very anx-
ious to get away, I think we had better dispose
of this bill to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There were some sug-
gestions made by the Senator from Michigan that
we of course expect should be answered. I de-
sire myself to come to a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN, i should like to have the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. 1 desire simply to say
that I shall vote 14 yea" for the reason that the
Senator from Indiana desires to discuss this ques-
tion and wants until to-morrow.
Mi- HENDRICKS. The Senator ismistaken.
I do not wish the Senate to understand that I
want to discuss it. It is the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richardson.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 22; as follows:
Yiw\rf—Messrs. Biown, Buokalew, Cailile, Clark,Col-
lainct, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Guinea, Hale, Hums, llen-
ducks, MeDousjall, Pomeroy, Powell, ltichaid oii, Riddle,
Saulfburv, Tiunibuil, and VVilley—-20.
NAVS—Messrs Amhonv, Chandler, Gonnecs, Doolit-
ti<\ I'V^senden, Foot, Foster, llai inn, Howard, Howe, John-
son, Lane o{ Kansas, Mnijjan, Moti ill. Ramsey, Sheiinaii,
Spiague, Sumuei, Ten K)ek, V an Winkle, Wade, and Wil-
son—
ABSENT—Mes«5i3. Ilaidinc, Henderson, IItcks3 Lane
of Indiana, Ne^nuth, Wilkinson, ami Wright—7.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, there
were some remarks that fell from the Senator from
Michigan that merit a reply.
If a person, a stranger to the history of those
who passed thcconsci iption bill and placed in it the
very clause of which the Senator complains, had
heard him to-night he would have supposed that
the only Senators who originally voted the com-
mutation clause in the bill were those who be-
long to the Democratic party. Sir, that is not
the fact. The Senator from Michigan himself,if
I mistake not, in connection with the party to
which he belongs, the Lincoln party, are respons-
ible for the $300 commutation clause in that bill
overall the votes of the gentlemen who cooperate
with me in this body, lie says that it is a meas-
ure calculated to make the poor fight the battles
of the country, while the rich can pay and be ex-
empted from that onerous duty. If it is of that
character the Senator arid those who are associ-
ated with him are responsible for placing it in the
bill, and they are responsible to that class of peo-
ple. They placed that clause and every other
objectionable one m the bill, and then passed the
bill against the votes and piotestations of every
Democrat and conservative Senator then here.
But, sir, it is true that although the clause was
placed in the bill against my vote and against the
votes of those who cooperate with me here, yet
when a part of the country has been exempted
from the operation of the conscription bill by the
payment of the money commutation, I mn un-
willing now at the command of the Senator or
the command of the Secretary of War and the
President, or all combined, to change the policy
of the country, and let them draw upon the sec-
tion from which I come with no means to escape
from the service. Immediately after the passage
of that bill with that clause in it, in whatever of
public speeches I made before the people I con-
demned the bill and the clause now sought to be
stricken out. I am no w satisfied that it is better to
have that provision than to have the conscription
with no means of escape, that the peace of the
country would be best preserved by it; and hence
it is that I have changed positions with the Sen-
ator. He has kept it in operation as long as it
suited his purpose. Even-handed justice requires
that it shall be kept in longer. To this eternal
change I am opposed.
. Mr. President, this question involves very grave
considerations, and we should approach its dis-
cussion after mature deliberation, and determine
upon our course. The Senator from Michigan
says that he is in favor of fighting this war out
to the bitter end. Other Senators have said that
they mean to fight it as long as they live, and
when they come to die they mean to bequeath
it to those who come after them. Sir, I am for
ending this strife as soon as we can properly. I
want to make a manly effort to enforce the laws
throughout the extent of this country; and I am
for enforcing the laws upon Presidents and Gov-
ernment officers too. They are as amenable and
as responsible to the laws as any other class of
people. When the President disregards the laws
and violates the Constitution and asks me to say
nothing about it, to remain silent, not to discuss
it, I tell him that that is not the position of either
a patriot or a freeman. Mr. Lincoln is a candi-
date for reelection, and his acts and usurpations
of powers not conferred by the Constitution or
warranted by law must be discussed fully and
freely here and before the people.
This is our right and duty; a right never ques-
tioned in this country till his election; a duty im-
posed by the highest considerations that can in-
fluence the action of man.
During the war with Mexico Mr. Lincoln was
a member of "Congress, and he there exercised the
privilege of fault-finding against the President,
without ever assailing or condemning our ene-
mies. On the 12th of January, 1848, Mr. Lin-
coln, then a member of the House of Representa-
tives, said:
" Some of the gentlemen on the other side of the House,
if not all of them, who had addressed the committee with-
in the last few days, had, if he find understood them cor-
rectly, spoken somewhat complninii.giy of the vote winch
was given some week or ten days since in this House, by
which it was declined that the present war with Mexico
was i unnecessarily and unconstitutionally commenced by
the President of the United States.' lie agreed with them,
if lie understood them piopeily, so far as to say that such
a vote ought not to have been given wantonly ; that it was
wrong if so given; that no member ought to have given
such a vote unless he thought he was voting in accordance
with the tiuth. lie was one of those who had voted thus,
and he proposed to present some of the reasons which act-
uated him in so doing.
" When this war first commcnced lie did not expect It
would last so long as it has already done."
I have been during the present contest in the
same fix that Mr. Lincoln was then. I did not
expect this war would continue near as long as it
has done. I do not think it ought to have con-
tinued thus long. 1 think if our counsels had
been directed by wisdom, if the Army had been
aided by wisdom here, when you had the basis
of union in the southern States, you could have
put down the rebellion long ago; but we had not
that. However, to continue with this speech:
44 It was then his opinion that all those who, for the rea-
son of not knowing enough, or <>i knowing too much on the
subject as they understood it, could not conscientiously
approve the course of the President ot the United States in
relation to the commencement of the war, should never-
theless, as good and patriotic citizens, remain silent upon
thatquestion until the war should have terminated. And
in accordance with that view, lie had up to the time ho
arrived in tins city at the commencement of this session
never expressed his opinion in relation to whether or not
the war was justly commenced on the part of the President
of the United States. lie had tried to act upon that prin-
ciple, believing he was doing right in so doing. He lound
that view had been taken by some with whom he agieed
in political sentiment, and especially by Mr. es-President
Van Bureu."
fcTe then proceeds to assign the reasons why
he did not remain silent. He and myself were
both members of the House of Representative
together at that time. He says:
u P ut, In addition to this, one of his eoi!e: gue«< fMr.
RttfHAKDSOH] came into this House with a ie*>ohttloa m
