1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sion unless there seemed to be strong evidence in
its favor, unless the ease was exceptional. I did
not go as far as the Senator from Illinois, to re-
quire that the exceptional circumstances should
be in the nature of a casualty, for it does seem to
me, and I submit to the Senator, that that is ask-
ing too much. It seems to me that the exceptional
circumstances have been more properly presented
by the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania. If it appears
satisfactorily that owing to the peculiar nature of
the invention or some particular circumstance in
connection with itsoperation, itsadvantages could
not becomclcnown during the fourteen years, or,
if you please, during the twenty-one years which
it is said this ^pvention has had to run, those con-
siderations are of such a character as to make a
just ground for exception; otherwise why are we
called upon to consider the case of the extension
of this patent? We had better adopt a rule, as
suggested by the Senaterfrom Pennsylvania, not
to entertain any such cases, or not entertain any
such cases unless the parties in their petition posi-
tively set forth what the Senator from Illinois
calls casualties. I do not think the Senate are dis-
posed to adopt any rule so rigid and exclusive as
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire of
the Senktor from Massachusetts,who is a member
of the Committee on Patents 
Mr. SUMNER. No; not now. I was last
year, but not now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps the Senator may
be informed, or some other member of the com-
mittee, whether Congress has in the last ten years
in any instance authorized the extension of a pat-
ent a second time, unless it lias been for some
casualty, as the Senator from Massachusetts re-
marks.
Mr. COWAN. I can answer the honorable
Senator from Illinois that there are, I think, three
or four cases at least within three or four years,
perhaps longer, where Congress lias interfered and
authorized an extension; and I think in one or two
cases they extended the patents by law them-
selves. There is a case—I do not remember the
name of the inventor—of a patent for a metallic
coffin which wasextended perhaps at this session,
or authority to the inventor to go before the Com-
missioner of Patents and ask for an extension,
the same as m this bill.
I will further remark that in both these cases
the patents have not yet expired. One of the rules
which has governed the committee in its action
upon these cases is that the applicants shall en-
deavor before their patent expires to have the re-
newal made, so that the right would not lapse to
the community, or allow third persons to be in-
volved in trouble by supposing that it had lapsed.
Mr. GRIMES. I shoulcHike to know if 1 un-
derstand correctly the case before us. If I un-
derstand it, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
puts it, one of these patentees has discovered, as
he imagines, some sort of an indestructible com-
position to be used in the making of fire-proof
safes. He wants his patent extended, because
there have not been a sufficient number of fires
yet occurred where these safes have been exposed
to test the question as to whether they are really
fire-proof or not; and, as I understand it, he de-
sires us to extend it until these fires shall have
been of frequent occurrence enough to settle the
question as to the value of this particular species j
of non-combustible material. I think that is the
whole case. This man twenty-one years ago
discovered what he believed was an indestructi-
ble material. He has been using it; but up to
this time he has not had an opportunity to determ-
ine satisfactorily to the public whether it is in-
destructible or not; he has not had sufficient op-
poi tunity to submit it to -tests to which he might
himself subject it at every cross-road.
Mr. COLLAMER. He says it will last for-
ever, but he has not had time to try it.
Mr. GRIMES. In the language of my friend
from Vermont, he says it will lost forever, but
has not yet had time to try it; and the Commit-
tee on Patents seriously come in here and ask
us to extend this patent more than twenty-one
years in order to give this man an opportunity to
submit his safes to more trials to settle the ques-
tion whether this material is indestructible or not.
That is the .way I understand the case. If the
Senator from Pennsylvania can explain it in any
other way I wish he would do it.
Mr. COWAN. The Committee on Patents have
seriously asked no such thing. The honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa has very humorously treated what
they ask the Senate to do. Nobody has said,
that I know of, that the patentee required twenty-
one years to be convinced of the qualities of his
safes; but it was asserted that the public might
require that and evem a longer period before they
would be so well satisfied of the value of the im-
provement, and by adopting it would remunerate
the person who discovered it for the time and labor
and money which he had expended in procuring
for them this benefit and advantage. It is per-
fectly obvious that there are many improvements
which might be of that nature. Although he who
invented them and discovered them, or he who
had actually tested them, might learn in a very
short time whether they were valuable or not, yet
I it requires a long time to convince the public of
| it so well that they will make it remunerative to
the inventor.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I understand the ar-
gument of the Senator, he goes upon the ground
that we have recognized in our Jaw the principle
that if a man, in the time granted to him by his
patent, has not had an opportunity to obtain re-
muneration pecuniarily, it should be extended,
and that on that principle it is proposed to extend
these patents. The inquiry I wish to make is this:
if we recognize the principle that where a man
has not had opportunity to get remuneration, his
patent should be extended a second or third time,
why should we not have a geneial law to do it?
We have a general law now providing that any
patentee by going before the Commissioner pre-
vious to the expiration of the patent and showing
him that he has not received sufficient remunera-
tion, may receive an extension from him for seven
years. If we are to apply that principle still fur-
ther, why not apply it in the same way, and say
that at the end of that seven years he may again
show to the Commissioner that he has not re-
ceived sufficient remuneration and the Commis-
sioner may again extend it. It seems to me, in-
stead of passing bills granting* permission to a
patentee in a particular case to go before the Com-
missioner, we should have a general law allowing
all men to *>o before the Commissioner and show
the facts in any case again and again, if itis prop-
er to do it at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading
Mr. TEN EYCK called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yen-< 19, nays 3 4; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Carlile. Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Lane of Indi-
ana, Morgan, Fomeroy, Ramsey, Kichaidsou, Sherman,
Spraguc, Sumner, and Tea Eyek—19.
NAYri—Messr«. Ruckaiow, Oollamer, Comiess, Doolit-
tlo, Fcirsenden, Gnmes, Ilowaid, Johnson. Lane of Kan-
s-a*, Tiumbuli, Vau Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
ley—14.
ABSENT — Messts. Brown, Dixon, Harding, Hams,
Henderson, Ilendncks, Hicks, ilowe, MeDougafi, Morrill,
Nopmith, Powell, Riddle, Saultbuiy, VVil&on,amt Wiigbt.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
athird time. It was read the third time,and passed.
LAND GRANT TO AN IOWA RAILROAD.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R.No. 159) for a grant of lands
in the State of Iowa in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of a railroad in said State. It
proposes to grant to the State of Iowa, for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of a railroad
from Sioux City, in that State, to the South line
of the State of Minnesota, at such point as the
State of Iowa may select between the Big Sioux
and the west fork of the Dos Moines river; also
to that State for the use and benefit of the McGregor
Western Railroad Company, for the purpose of
aiding in the construction of a railroad from a
point at or near the foot of Main street, South
McGregor, in that State, in a westerly direction,
by the most practicable route, on or near the forty-
third parallel of north latitude, until it shall in-
tersect the road running from Sioux City to the
Minnesota State line, in the county of O'Brien,
in that State, every alternate section of land desig-
nated by odd numbers for ten sections in width
on each side of the roads; but, in case it shall ap-
pear that tiie United States have, when the lines
or routes of the roads are definitely located, sold
any section oranypart thereof, or th^ti^e
preemption or homestead setUeraenVhas.attached
to the same, or that the same has been reserved by
the United States for any purpose whatever, thernt
is to be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be selected, from the public lands of tit©
United States nearest to the specified tiersof sec-
tions, so much land in alternate sections, or part£x>f
sections, designated by odd numbers, as'shall be
equal to such lands as the United States have sold,
reserved, or otherwise appropriated, or to which
the rights of homestead settlement or preemption
have attached, which lands thus indicated by odd
numbers and sections, by the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, are to be held by the
State of Iowa for the uses and purposes of th«se
railroads. The land so selected is in no case to be
located more than twenty miles from the lines of
the roads, and all lands heretofore reserved to the
United States by any act of Congress, or in any
other manner by competent authority, for the
purpose of aiding in any object of internal im-
provement or other purpose whatever, are re-
served and excepted from the operations of this
act, except so far"as it may be found necessary
to locate the routes of the roads through such re-
served lands, in which case the right of way is
to be granted subject to the approval of the Pres-
ident of the United States.
There is also a section which grants to the State
of Minnesota, for thepurpose of aiding in the con-
struction of a railroad from St. Paul and St. An-
thony, via Minneapolis, to a convenient point of
junction west of the Mississippi, to the southern
boundary of the State, in the direction of the
mouth of the Big Soox river,four additional al-
ternate sections of land per mile, to be selected
upon the same conditions, restrictions, and lim-
itations as are contained in the act making a grant
of land to the Territory of Minnesota, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in that Territory, and granting public lands
in alternate sections to the State of Alabama, to
aid in the construction of a certain railroad in that
State, approved March 3, 1857. The land to be
so located by virtue of this section may be se-
lected within twenty miles of the line of the road,
but in no case at a greater distance therefrom.
The bill contains other sections which are com-
mon to such bills. B
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
rending, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion \£as agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 11, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channinq.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER stated the first question in
order to be the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday, being the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 40, making appro-
pi iations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1865, the pending question being on the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out the following amendment of the Senate :
Sec. 3. Jlni be it further enacted, That the President
may, m ins discretion, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, appoint an envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary to the kingdom of Belgium, who shall re-
ceive no higher compensation than is now allowed to a
miMistei resident,
And in lieu thereof insert the following s
That the sum of $12,000 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated to pay the salary of an envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary to the kingdom ot Belgium, if the
President, in the exercise of his constitutional power, shall
see fit to appoint such officer.
Mr. KASSON. I have prepared a substitute
for that amendment which 1 intend to submit;
but I do not see the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Pruyn] in his seat.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
That lithe President, in his discretion, shall nominate an
envoy extvaordmajy and minister plenipotentiary to the
kingdom of Belgium, the sum appropriated to the minister
resident is hereby transferred to*uch envoy, and the addi-
tional sum of $2,500 is hereby appropriated in conformity
