2228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
with the first section of the consular and diplomatic act,
approved August 18, 1856.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I know that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn] wants
to say something-on this subject; and as he is
not present, I move that this section be passed
over for the present.
There was no objection, and it was agreed to
accordingly.
Thirty-first amendment:
Add the following us a new section:
Sec. 4, Jin# leit further enacted, That the third section of
an act entitled "An act making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of Juno, 1800,'" appioved March 3,
1859, i* hereby repealed. And the fee (or certifying in-
voices to be charged hy the consul geneial for the British
North American provinces, and ins suboidiuatc consular
officers and ajrenN,for cood^ not exceeding $100 in value,
shall be one dollar, and the >.amc fee ehall be charged for
certifying the growth ot pioduction of goods tnadednty fiee
hy the reeiptociiy treaty : Pi voided, hue t r er, Thai no such
certificate of growth m "pindnotion «?hal! be inquired tor
goods not exceeding in value the sum of $'200.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add the following
proviso:
Provided further, That the salaries fur consuls in the
Bnttsh province.-* ot Noith Ameiiea s-ball be paid in the
lawful currency of the United States.
Mr. KASSON. While this is notfrmn the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means I have personally no
objection to it, and do not know that there is any
objection to it. It is intended merely to provide
that the consuls along our northern frontier, across
the water from the United States,shall be paid in
the legal tender of the United States.
Mi. BROOKS. Will the fees pay the salaries
of these consuls ?
Mf. KASSON. The communications from the
Executive Depnitmcnts show that they will moie
than pay the salaries of these consuls.
Mr. BROOKS. How mueh moie?
Mr. KASSON. They cannot do more than
approximate to it.
Mr. BROOKS. These consuls will have to be
paid better than they have been paid; for under
the new tax law we will have to adopt .some reg-
ulations like these in operation upon the boiders
of Relgium and other countiies. The labor of
these consuls will, of course, he great. Ami un-
der our present* iate of duty smuggling will he
immense unless the frontier is guarded carefully.
Mr. ICASSON. The gentleman wifl see by
looking to a previous pait of the hill that these
consuls are paid a salary of $1,500 a yrai. This
proviso merely provides that, payment shall be
made in the legal tender of the Umnd States.
Mr. BROOKS. What about the fees >
Mr. KASSON. They go into the Treasury.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concui led in.
Thirty-seeond amendment:
Add a^ a new -eeliott •
Si c .'hill he it f in/her cnutted, That the ntlico of com
jih■ i<'MI iii/eiil .H n.iUnd.idi, Japan, iri.t\ at the dlM-ietum
ot fie SeeieMiv oi Stale be eh.nmed to ihat of con-ul. lo
be d with i oiimiU <) 111 * * i lii.in iIium- luuiH'd in s-ehed-
ules II and (! in ii)e ,tct rippioved August IS, IS"15.
'i'he Committee of Ways ami-Means recom-
mended a coifcurronre.
'I'he amendment was concurred in.
Tinrty-third amendment:
Amend th<i tifl'1 ot the full by adding thereto the word*.,
and tor other pin poses.
The amendment was agreed to.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the twenty-ninth amendment, of the Niiiate,
heretofoie passed over, and which is as follows:
Si f \>, Jivri be it fmtker enacted, Th.it the second Mo-
tion t>i an act eiititb (j •• An a el inakiiiu apptupi i.u toi
ih . « 'xi-ul.u ami ihpinuuue e\p.'ii c  of tin* (Joyeunnf nt
loi the \ <*ai endma the :«Uh of June. IdV?,'" .ippmved Fcb-
rtruy 7, 1^7, be, and the ^aine l- ben In, repealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-eoiiCiu it uce in this amendment.
Mi. PATl'KRSON. Mr. Speaker, having
given some consideration to this bill from a desne
for persona! infix mauon, I arn constrained, rel act-
aiiily, to withhold my assent to the recommend-
ation of the committer that the House do notcon-
cui m the amendment of the Senate, restoring that
section of an act of lt>5G authorising the appoint-
ment of twenty-five consular pupils.
The functions of our consuls are of the highest
importance to our commercial prosperity, and
often involve the peace of the country and the honor
of the Government. The field of their duties lies
beyond the limits of the nation they represent,and
is far removed from the ordinary sources of in-
formation. Their operations are not confined to-
commercial affairs, but extend by treaty stipula-
tions with several of thfc Barbary States and Eu-
ropean Governments to the exercise of judicial
powers. In Turkey, Siam, Japan, and China,
they are called upon to determine the destination
of immense treasures, and have the entire crim-
inal jurisdiction of citizens of the United States.
These, sir, are extensive powers, and infold the
permanent welfare of the country. The proper
discharge of such functions in ti foreign land, and
sometimes in collision with the able and wary
officials of States jealous of republican institu-
tions and of ourgrowmg power, demands the ex-
ercise of special gifts and peculiar accomplish-
ments.
But, sir, I apprehend we do not ordinarily find
these rare qualifications brought to the adminis-
tration of our consular system as at present or-
ganized. Nor can we with leason icquire this
until it is brought into accordance with the Eu-
ropean systems which cducate men for these spe-
cial duties.
Oar consular system is embodied in the act of
3S5G, in whieh the scattered legislation upon the
subject was gathered up, revised, supplemented,
and framed into a single statute.
The origin of the system was a bill, generally
believed to have been drawn by Chief Justice
Ellsworth, at the time chairman of the Senate
committee to whom the recommendation of Pres-
ident Washington upon the subject had been re-
fened. The names of that committee have since
become familial and levered through all the land,
and could they but speak to us of the eaiiy hiss-
to i y of the Republic they might without arrogance
or presumption adopt the language of the Latin
poet,
♦'(iurtium p;ir^ mairua fin.''
The bill, with some amendments, passed both
1 louses unanimously, and became a law in ]79;2.
More than seventy yeais have since elapsed, and
the act, m substance, is still in force. In Jci54 a
distinguished member of this House pronounced
the original system '' cumbersome in its details
and nosuifed to the nature of American institu-
tions. "
1 will not give judgment upon the justice or
in|ustiee of this criticism, but will piesume to
suggest that the fact that the original actMill sur-
vives in its mam features, though somewhat mod-
ified and supplemented toadapt it to the changed
conditions .uid enlaiged demands of oui expand-
ing commerce, testifies unmistakably to the pio-
found, sagacity if not to the comprehensive wis-
dom of its frameis.
In 1803 an act was passed pioviding in various
ways for the protection of American secunen, for
the payment of fees, for the authentication of the
transfer of United States stocks, and for penal-
ties tor the issue of ialse certificates and passports.
The pros isions of this act, in part at leard, wore
made upon the i eeommend.ition of the elder Ad-
am.-- in his mh oud annual addiess to Congtess.
Tins, sir, was the sum total of oar legislation
foi more than sixty ye.us upon an mteiest in-
volving mote than any other not only the security
of our citizens and the respectability oi the Re-
public among foreign nations, but also the pi elec-
tion and enhugenient of our commeice, the ex~
haustless souice of national wealth, fiom winch
the Government draws its levenues in time of
peace, and by which, once at 'east in our brief
Sustoi y, it has liquidated a debt whose ratio to the
whole wealth of the country was neuilyas large
as that of the present debt to the pioaent wealth
of the eountiy, and after that tilled the Treasury
with a suiplus of ^40,000,000.
A repot t commending itself by its wisdom and
ability to all well-informed men had been made
upon this subject by Mr. Liv mgston, the Secretary
of State, during the administration and under the
sanction of Tiesuient Jackson. But, with the ex-
ception of the ill judged act of 1<V;40, regulating
the shipment and discharge of seamen, and the
duties of consuls, no essential changes were made
in the system by our legislation til{ 1655.
In 3844, a bill to remodel the system was in-
troduced into the Senate by Mr. Semple, of Illi-
nois, and indefinitely postponed.
In 1845 a similar bill was referred to Mr. Buch-
anan, at the time Secretary of State, with a re-
quest for a report upon the same to the House.
The Secretaiy's report, made at the commence-
ment of the following session, was one of maiked
ability, and gave evidence of careful research and
extended observation. It reviewed the whole
subject, and recommended such improvements as
would adapt the system to the then present am-
plitude of our commerce, and to the policy prac-
ticed by other nations in their commercial and
diplomatic intercourse. No immediate action re-
sulted from this report, but it furnished valuable
materials for future legislation. %
Mr. Perkins, of Louisiana, after a thorough
investigation of the subject, prepared and pre-
sented to the House in 1854 a bill to remodel the
entire diplomatic and consular system of the Uni-
ted States. The bill was a great improvement
upon the existing laws. Among other things it
piovided that consuls and commercial agents
should not be absent from their districts more than
ten days without leave from the President, and
that their salaries should cease if they were ab-
sent a longer time either with or without leave;
that none but citizens of the United States could
receive such appointments, be employed as clerks,
or have access to the archives of the foreign of-
fices of the Government; that consuls in none of
the principal ports should transact business in
person or by an agent; and that they should re-
ceive their pay by salary and not by fees; that
commissions and fees should be in part abolished
and in pait reduced, and the funds thus received
returned to theTreasury and used to pay the con-
sular salanes. The bill passed the House by a
very huge majority, and the Senate unanimously.
It was approved March 1, 1855. Immediately
on its passage Mr. Marcy set about the prepara-
tion of a volume of instructions, which was com-
pleted and tiansmitted to our consuls.
The examination thus given to the subject by
the Secietary and by the Attorney General m the
prepatation of tins volume, led to the discovery
of many defects tn the law, and to an earnest rec-
ommendation of an early levision. The result
was the act of 185G.
In this bill first appeared a provision for the
appointment of consular pupils, though it had
been anticipated in a treaty negotiated with France
by Mr. Everett. The act was passed and ap-
pioved near the close of the session. At the open-
ing of the nextsession an appropriation wasasked
to pay the salaries ofthe twenty-five pupils whom
the law authouzed the President to appoint. Af-
ter a spitited and somew hat pi otracted debate, in
which theie was a gieat deal of talk and a little
sound reasoning, the appropriation was refused
by the House. When the subject came before
the Senate, the members of that body not only
refused the appropriation, but voted to rescind
the section authorizing the appointment of such
pupils. Then, as now, the principal argument
used by the opponents of the measure was the
very obvious and unanswerable asseveration that
the innate sagacity of an American citizen was an
o\«. r-nlatch tor the learning, skill, and aptitude ot
any foreign merchant or oificial acquired through
years of tedious training.
Now, sir, I am not so foolhardy as to attempt the
refutation of a self-evident truth, for " thank God
I, too, am an American citizen," and will there-
fore devote myself to some objections in which
we are not so well-agreed.
It is urged in opposition that the law provides
no guarantee that these young men will not be
removed with every change of Administration;
none that the Government will advance them to
higher consular duties when educated, or that
they will consent to seive in that capacity if de-
sired so to do. The greater inducements held out
by mercantile pursuits, it is affirmed, will mevi-
taoly diaw them away from the service of the
Government. Ail these anticipated evils may be
provided against, if it is thought wise, by specific
provisions of law.
Ikit, sir, the objections lose their force when it
is u-membured that these young men, unlike the
students m our naval and military schools, would
render a full equivalent, m service, for all they
receive from Government during the process of
their consular education; for they are to be as-
