206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
£nd dealt rather gently. But,sir, the denomina-
tion as a class are conscientiously opposed to
bearing arms. They have proved that by more
than one hundred yours of profession and prac-
tice. I have a strong objection to forcing a body
of men whose lives prove that they are conscien-
tiously opposed to bearing arms to do so. This
provision, X think, relieves all who are conscien-
tiously opposed to it, who belong to a religious
denomination of which opposition to bearing arms
is a part of the faith and crced. But we provide
that they shall render service in the hospitals or
pa$ money to be used for-our sick and wounded
soldiers. We need their money for that purpose,
more than we can get, and we need all their per-
sonal service for that purpose. It will be a relief
to them and will not weaken the strength or power
of the country, for we want more men than we
can get for the hospitals by any draft of this kind
upon this class; and we need more money, and
always shall while the war lasts, than they can
furnish. It relieves them and docs not injuie or
weaken the Government in any respect.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish 10 say one word in
reply to the Senator from California. He con-
tends that this amendment would exempt the Uni-
tariansas wellasthe&uakers, because the founder
of the Unitarians was a peace man. That would
be true if the Unitarians m that respect followed
the precepts of their founder, but they certainly
do not. The Unitatidnsasaclassarenotopposed
to bearing arms, and this amendment would have
no sort of relation to them. If Channina: was a
peace man, a greater than Channing, the Founder
of our religion, has told us to pray for our ene-
mies and to do good to those that despitefully use
us.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
one moment? With the Senator's permission I
will make the additional statement that not long
since 1 had the pleasure of renewing my acquaint-
ance by making a visit among some of my ohl-
. time Q,uaker friends, and I am very happy to be
able to state, and I was very proud to hearitfiom
them, that their chiefanxiety in regard to my own
conr-se, knowing that I was a Senator, was lest I
should in any manner whatsoever fail to urge on
this war to a successful conclusion by the use of
ail the powers of the American people. I found
them the truest, the noblest, and the sternest pa-
triots that I have met in the countjy; and then,-
was no begging for exemption, there was no dis-
position to avoid their part of the responsibility.
[ am fully free to admit that there are among
them men who have taught themselves that it is
a conscientious duty on their part to avoid a con-
flict of arms, but I would have them to reflect,
and learn, and be taught by the age in which they
live, by this period and time.
I admit what lias been stated, for I know it to
be true, that our armies have been very Imgely
made up from members of the Society of Friend.-:,
though there have been here and there instances
where they have totally objected to military ser-
vice; but I am free to say, even if f should incur
the opposition of every one of them in the United
States, that if it were left to me to determine, 1
would not exempt them fnmi the necessary obli-
• gallons that f think are imposed upon them by
this wai. U is, as I said befoie, their war; it is
the war of all men like thorn; it is the war of Chris-
tianity; it is the war of patriots; and t heie should
ho no sickly sentimentality while we are pressing
it on. Every man who i« abh; to bear armsowes
all his services to the Government. Everyman
who has got n dollar's or a million of dollars'
woith of propei ty owes it all to the Government
if the Government require if. The Government
are entitled to the Senator's services and to mine
in the field, and I am very free to say that they
can get mine when ltbecomcs my duty, and I pro-
pose no lule for another that I am not willing to
come undei myself; but I object in toto, in this
gieat ciisis, when the world is lookmg on, and
when a large portion of the world is anxious to
take paiteven against us, to any modification of
om laws that in its direct tendency must tend to
reduce the prospect of our immediate success.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is proper to state
the number of persons that would probably be
affected by this exemption. It is supposed by
those who are most familiar with the statistics of
the society that under a di.ift for three hundred
thousand men about a thousand members of the
society would be drafted; and as half the quota
has already been filled, the number who will be
affected by this exemption is reduced to about
five hundred. If still other States, as we have
every reason to hope they will, shall fill up their
quotas without drafting, the number will be pro-
portionably diminished. The State of Indiana,
which is one of the largest Quaker States in the
Union, has filled its quota or will fill it; the New
England'States, where the Friendsare somewhat
numerous, have all filled or will fill their quotas
without drafting; so of Ohio, where there area
great many; and Iowa always fills her quota
without drafting, and there are many Friends
there.
Mr. CONNESS. But you arc passing a law
to last as long as the war lasts.
Mr. ANTHONY. But we hope the same spirit
that has filled the quota under this call will fill all
others.
Mr. CONNESS. Ilope is not a very good
basis to conduct war on.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was about saying, when
I gave way to the Senator from California, that
we all believe in the divine inspiration of the
words which I quoted; and we also all believe
that it is perfectly proper, that it is our first duty,
to carry on this war vigorously; we believe in
that path to heaven which the Senator from Cal-
ifornia marked out; but I do not think he or I (I
know I could not) would undertake to stand up
here and reconcilc the two. I believe them both,
but I cannot reconcile the two together; and I
wish to manifest a respect for the consciences of
those who cannot reconcile them and will not un-
dertake to do so.
Mr. CONNESS. I think more of the country
than I do of their consciences.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the propo-
sition of the Senator from Iowa [Mr. IIarlan]
will be adopted 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will my honorable friend
allow me to suggest a form of words that I think
will express the idea at which gentlemen aim
rather more definitely than it is expressed in the
pending amendment, before he goes on with his
speech ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not propose to
make a speech, but merely to mak'e a suggestion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE* I propose to have the
amendment read thus:
'• That ail imnMi'is of religions denormnnhon5? m good
standing, and acton,' as such, ami all member-* of relhziou*
denominations in quod standing a* such, by the articles of'
taitli and practice of winch denomination the beminir of
ai ms in war i* Unbidden, and who hhall by oath or afihiun-
tion deotaie that lie w conscientiously opposed to hearing
arm* in warfitc.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have had some
declines with the Quakers, and 1 desire to say, for
the edification of the Senator from California, that
it is perfectly ridiculous to attempt to force a
Clunker into the ranks of the Army. It cannot
be done, or if you should succeed 111 doing it, he
would he worthless as a soldier. Besides, the
attempt to collect money from the Quakers 111 lieu
of military service will cost the Government ten
dollars where thi-y obtain one, if they get it at nil.
It is a losing; business to attempt to collect money
from Quakers in lieu of military service. But if
you adopt tile proposition of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] giving ihem the privilege
of serving m hospitals, and permitting them to
pay their money in lieu of hospital service, they
will promptly and cheerfully come t'orwaid and
pay that money, their conscientious scruples not
beinq violated by such payment.
Mr. POWELL. 1 had d rawn an amendment
which I intended to propose tn the ninth section
of this bill, and as that amendment expresses my
views on the subject, though it is not now in or-
der to offer it, I will read it for the information of
the Senate. I would add to that section these
woids:
That minNtcis of the gospel, who have no secular pur-
suit. and who l>a\u nor an e>tute or income sufficient to
snj)j>oit theni-.e)v\;-> and their families sUlr| wj10 devote
themselves exclusively to the mmi>tij', shall be exempt.
That, in my judgment, is as far as we ousht to
go in this matter. The Senate has determined by
a vote to retain the commutation clause. This
1 amendment, which I shall propose at the proper
| time, if none other beadopted on thissubject, ex-
empts all ministers who devote themselves exehi-
Mvely to the ministry, and who do not follow any
secular or outside pursuit, and who have not an
estate sufficient to support themselves and their
families. That would exclude from the exemption'
those who have sufficient means to pay the com-
mutation.
When the conscription bill was originally
passed, and while it was under consideration, I
was in favor of exempting clergymen, and I was
in favor of exempting Friends; but I cannot un-
derstand the subtile logic of gentlemen who seem
to think that if you compel a Friend to pay $300
commutation money in lieu of hospital service
he can do it conscientiously when lie cannot pay
the money in lieu of military service. The hos-
pital service is just as much an attendant upon
war as any other service connected with the Army.
You frequently have to detail soldiers to attend
to your sick and wounded. Assigning them to
hospital service and to military service is in effcct
the same. I would put the Friends in the same
status and upon the same principle as clergymen
in the amendment f shall propose. How a man
can conscientiously pay the taxes that the Gov-
ernment imposes for the purpose of raising men
and paying them and buying munitions of war,
when he cannot conscientiously pay the commu-
tation money, is a matter that I cannot well com-
prehend. I cannot see any difference. If a man
cannot conscientiously go to war, and cannot con-
scientiously give mon^y to carry on war, how can
he conscientiously pay the taxes that the Govern-
ment imposes for the purpose of carrying on the
war? Why, sir, if a man can conscientiously pay
the taxes, he can just as conscientiously.pay com-
mutation money. As the law now stands, a man
can exempt himself from military duty by paying
commutation money. That is but a form of tax-
ation for the purpose of getting soldiers into your
Army. The money goes to hire substitutes or
to pay bounties. So the money that is raised by
taxation is taken out of your Treasury for the
purpose of paying bounties to soldiers and paying
them their monthly stipend or wages. Where is
the difference? There is none.
1 do not think it is right to enlist in our armies
ministers of the gospel, who have no secular pur-
suit, and who devote themselves exclusively to
the ministry. All such persons, in my judgment,
should be exempt. Neither do I think it right to
force those to fight who are conscientiously op-
posed to it; but as you have retained the commu-
tation feature, if they arc not in favor of fighting
they can pay their money like any bodyelse. If
the amendment which I intend to propose shall
prevail, all those who arc ministers of the gospel
and who are not able to pay, will not be subject
to draft. I shall vote against the amendment now
proposed, hoping to defeat that and then to have
the amendment which I intend to offer hereafter
ingrafted on the bill. If it were now in order to
do so, I would move it as a substitute for the
pending amendment; but as that is not now in
order, I shall have to abide my time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am sorry that the Senator
is degenerating so, for I believe that at the last
session he offered a more comprehensive amend-
ment than this.
Mi. POWELL. Notmore comprehensive, but
an amendment exempting those who had consci-
entious scruples. I do not wish to force them to
flight now.
Mr. ANTHONY. It may not have been more
comprehensive as to the persons, butitwas mote
comprehensive in its exemptions.
Mr. POWELL. I was opposed then to min-
isters of the gospel being compelled to light. 1
j am now; but I could not prevent it. I tested the
i sense of the Senate both on the Friends and on the
[ clergymen, and I was defeated; and hence I have
drawn this amendment to exempt such clergymen
] as devote themselves exclusively to the ministry,
j and have no secular pursuit and no estate the in-
j come of which is sufficient to suppoit themselves
and their families. This is the best I think I can
do for them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In reply to the Senator
, from Kentucky, I will say that i think there is a
distinction between military service in the field
i and hospital service. The one is to take life and
| the other to preserve life, as broad a di-stinction
| as can be. They are the antipodes of each other;
, the one to destroy life and the other to preserve
life. Nor is theeffou to preserve life confined to
: our own soldiers. The hospital servant adminis-
