1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
from Missouri: when at the same time a letter was
produced from an officer stating that such was the
fact. If riot the/act, Major General Rosecrans
must be exceedingly ingenious in framing orders
for imaginary causes, m order that his name may
appear in print; for the following is part of the
first paragraph of General Orders'No. 35, dated at
St. Louis, March 1, 1864:
[General Orders, No. 35,]
Heabquarters Department op the Missouri,
St. Louis, March 1,18(54.
I. Missouri, for the coming year, needs all the slave-
&nd other labor she has within her own border. Human iiy,
as well as justice, forbids sending away to other States our
helpless slaves. Moreover, bad men have been engaged In
stealing and carrying negroes out of the State, and selling
even those who were free. The exportation of negroes from
Missouri is therefore prohibited. * * * *
By command of Major General Rosecrans :
0. D. GREENE,
Assistant Adjutant General,
" Bad men have been engaged," &c., " selling
even those who were free. '* Here, then, are three
cases in which the statements of the gentleman
[Mr. Blair] who testifies in his own cases are
proven to be incorrect. Apply the principle,
♦* false in one, false in all," and what becomes of
his maddened attempt to relieve himself of the
suspicion of an effort to speculate by smuggling
liquors in violation of regulations? His state-
ments fall to the ground as of a witness not enti-
tled to credibility. But, Mr. Speaker, I have a
feeling of sympathy for a fellow-man when I see
him in distress. The gentleman [Mr. Blair] is
embarrassed, and well may he be. As I can re-
lieve him, it is my duty to do so, especially so
when 1 Have no disposition to treat any member
unjustly. But it is such relief as is experienced
by the condemned criminal when suspense is re-
moved by the sentence of condemnation. Not
believing he [Mr. Blair] would be able to procure
from Mr. Bonner the statement he desired and
"which is necessary to sustain him in the assertion
which he made on the 9th instant, I volunteered
to correspond with Mr. Bonner. One result is a
letter from Mr. Bonner, which is as follows:
' St. Loots, March 17, 1864.
Sir: I have read with great surprise the remarks of Con
eral F. P. Blair, Jr., as repotted In the Congressional Globe
of the 9th instant. The language used by him appears to
have been used for the purpose of relieving himself from
the odium of a transaction iu which he was engaged known
in common parlance as "Blah's liquor speculation,M and
appears in the Globe as follows:
" Mr. Blair, of Missouri. I ask my colleague if ho does
not know that the order which he has quoted here was a
forgery committed by one of Mr. Chase's agents, and that
its publication was pioeured by another of Mr. Chase's
agents, who knew it to be a forgery, in a paper which was
in the pay of Mr. Chase. The whole thing can be traced
to malice and malevolence. It Is acknowledged now to
have been a forgciy on tile part of those two agents of Mr.
Chase.
" I was In the field doing my duty when those miserable
miscreants committed thisfoigery which the gentleman pa-
rades heie. I suppo.se he has seen the denunciation of that
pretended order a«  a lorgery in a St. Louis paper, ami he
may have all the credithe can get for circulating the forgery
of Mr. Chase's agents.
" Mr. McCmjrq. Will my colleague give us the name
of the person ho alludes to?
" Mr. Blair, of Missouri. I allude to Mr. Bonner.
<( Mi. MeCbDRo. lhaveseen the printed correspondence
on this subject between the gentleman's friends and the
friends of the Treasury Depaitment, and [ am confirmed
In the belief that I have given the fan and correct interpre-
tation of this whole matter. I shall, with great pleasure, at
any time acknowledge the error if the gentleman will con-
vince me of It; but he does not convince me by the re-
marks lie has now made.  
"Mr. Blair, of Missouri. i tell the gentleman that 1
have the admission of Mr. Bonner himself that he knew it
was n forgery at the time he published it.
'•Mr. McCi-uro. If the gentleman will get his wiitten
admission and produce it to me, I will withdraw and re-
tract what I have said about this matter."
Now these ate the simple facts of the case: on the 10th
day of July, 18G3, J recened the appointment of assistant
special aj/ent of the Treasury Department and entered upon
jtbe & chaigc ol the duties oi my ofiice on the 20th of that
.•nouth. By reference to the books and original papers on
fiie at the custom-house it appears that one Michael Pow-
ers, who for many years past lias been and sull is a warm
personal and political friend and patiisan of General Blair,
name to St, Louis, with apowet of attorney purporting to be
signed by General Blair and the members of hi=! btaff, for a
quantity of liquors, eiqars, &c. The purchase was made
some time m June last, of Mr. David Nicholson, and
amounted to$8,(5">1. On this amount the Government tax
of five percent, was paid, and on the loth day of June, 18i3M,
a permit forrhe shipment of tlk* meiohandise was obtained
from Mr. It. J. Howaid. collector of the poit of St. Louis,
who 4. demoted personal friend and paitisan of General
Blair, and ha* been  o foi'many years. This merchandise
was shipped on the steamerGl'admtorabout the date of the
permit. These facts be/roming known led toseveial anon>-
sasous cornmunie&tions in several of the newspapers of St.
LoiiiSf wttHher of whieh was written or advised by me, in
which copies of the original power to purchase, the invoice,
and permit all appeared. IJuring the publication of these
articles, and for months afterwards,! never heard the gen-
uineness of the papers questioned, although General Blair,
for a portion of the time at least, was in St. Louis. Some
time after tfiese publications, Mr. It. J. Howard told me that
one of General Blair's staff told him that one word in the
power of attorney authoiizmg Powers to purchase the
liquors, also the last item for canned fruits, had beenfraud-
ulently inserted after it was signed.
At the earnest solicitation of several of the friends of
Geneial Blair, I published the following card, to wit:
Editors Missouri Democrat;
I am requested by personal friends of F. P. Blair to state
what has come to my knowledge with reference to a cer-
tain order made by General Blair and members of his staff,
on which Mi. Michael Powers obtained a permit from the
collector of this port for the shipment of a certain lot of
liquors to Vicksburg, and as tu the forgery of any part of
said older.
I will state that I never saw the order referred to until
after the liquors were seized at Cairo. No suspicion was
raised in my mind as to any part of the order being a for-
gery until after there had been some newspaper criticism
in relation to the shipment, when Mr. Howard, the col-
lector, called my attention to the original order, stating that
a member of General Blair's staff had, on examination of
the paper, pronounced the word Cleach," as it appeared in
the order, also the last item on the order, as forgeries. Mr.
Howard also gave it as his opinion at the time that the same
were forgciies, and while I am not prepared to charge that
any gentleman connected with this transaction would per-
petrate a forgery, 1 will state that to my mind there does
exist a dissimilarity between the chiiography of the word
"each," also the last item of the order, and the balance of
the order.
Yours, very respectfully, B. It. BONNER.
This is the only statement, verbal or written, which Gen-
eral Blair or any other person has ever had from me in re-
lation to the genuineness'of the power alluded to.
1 will state further thatsince the publication of your speech
1 have compared the copies of the power and invoice as in-
serted in your speech with the original papers on file in the
surveyor's office in St. Louis, and find no error in your state-
ment. That the word " each" and a small item for canned
fruits, which aro the only items which General Blair's
fi lends ever claimed not to be genuine, affect merely the
quantity—-nothing nioie.
Upon a fui ther examination of the original papers (which
I have obtained from the surveyoi) t am very tar from be-
ing convinced that any such alterations as claimed by Gen-
eral Blair were made after the execution of the p<}wer.
With General Blair's signature I have, long been familiar,
and have no doubt of itsgenuinene^s to the power in ques-
tion. Although the paper has been submitted to several
persons most familiar with General Blan's handwriting and
signature, I have found no one who doubts that General
Blair signed the paper in question. The original power is
dated June 3, 1863. On the loth of June the peimitfor the
shipment of the merchandise on the htcamer Gladiator was
given by Collector Howard. My appointment was made
July 10,18*53, and I euteied upon the discharge of the duties
of mv office on the 20th of July, nioie than a month after
the puichase and f-hipinent of the liquors. And never un-
til in August afterwards did I have any knowledge or inform-
ation of any kind of the transaction referred to when 1
w:i> applied to in my official capacity hy Mr. Nichol&on,
the vendor of the goods, to have liiem lele.ised from seizuie
at Cnlio.
It will thus be seen that General Bl.ur, without the slight-
est excuse, has coolly and impudently, m the House of
Representatives of the United .States, uttered a willful,
malicious,and deliberate falsehood; and now stands branded
and must forever stand branded as a leckless and unscru-
pulous slandeicr, utterly regardless of truth.
Yours, very respectfully,
B. 11. BONNER,
•Assistant Special Agent of the Treasury Department.
Hon. J. W. McCi.uro, Washington, D. C.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
if this is read as a part of the gentleman's speech
it is clearly out of order, as violating the rule of
the House forbidding personalities.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. Speaker, it appears,
from the only communication Mr. Bonner evpr
made on the subject, he did not acknowledge that
a forgery had been committed by any one. He
says Mr. Howard—collector of the port of St.
Louis, an appointee of Mr. Lincoln, and a per-
sonal and political friend of my colleague, [Mr.
Blair]—contended there was a forgery. And this
was some time after a permit had been given for
the shipment of the liquors, by a deputy of Mr.
Howard. Mr. Bonner, m his kindness of feeling
to one [Mr. Blur] who has shown himself incapa-
ble of making return, except in abuse, was induced
to commit the indiscretion of saying there ap-
peared to be some disagreement in the chirog-
raphy of the order, in one or two parts. This
was some time after the order had been acted upon
by Mr. Powers, the personal and political friend
of my colleague, [Mr. Blair,] and by Mr. Nich-
olson, who filled the order, discovering nothing
wrong in it, and after the permit for shipment had
been granted by the deputy of another personal
and political friend. Jfo one had anything to do
with that order excepf the personal friends of my
colleague until the " liquor speculation" became a
matter of public discussion. The forgery was an
after-thought, after discussion, and the attempt is
made to mystify the transaction by casting suspi-
cion somewhere; and the gentleman [Mr. Blair]
thinks best to throw it upon aTreasury agent who
was not appointed until weeks had elapsed after
the liquors were shipped. In his recklessness he
[Mr. Blair] again suffers himself to be guided by
his natural instincts, and attempts to place a dag-
ger in the heart of an old friend, Mr. Bonner,
whose proverbial kindness of heart is shown in
this instance by a disposition to conceal the faults
of one he had loved, [Mr. Blair*] but who was at-
tempting to tear himself [Mr. Blair] from the
embrace of those who reluctantly gave him up.
But my correspondence with Mr. Bonner nad
another result, which will enable others to see
whether or no they can discover any disagree-
ment in the chirography of that order in any of
its parts. It imposes upon me the duty devolv-
ing on the executioner, whose trembling hand
severs the cord that binds to life. That corre-
spondence has brought me the original order, the
original invoice, and the application and affidavit
for the shipment, all which I hold in my hand,
and which are for inspection. My colleague can
examine them if he desire, and 1 would like to
know, when I shall have concluded, if he deny
the genuineness of the signature, "Frank P.
Blair, jr.," which appears to that order. If he
do not, it will require more than the Words of
all the generals in this House to convince one
scribe that the word each (as Mr. Howard con-
tended) was not written when that order was
written. It was by the same hand, with the same
pen, from the same ink. That all who desire
may satisfy themselves, I have had these original
papers photographed, and will have photographs
in a few days, and others can be had at a trifling
expense from the same negatives. The last item,
" 25 box. can fruits," appears to have been writ-
ten by the staff officer whose name is last signed.
And it was perfectly natural for the appetites of
the group of nine, whetted at the prospect of the
excitement to be produced by such an abundant
supply of choice liquors, to suggest " canned
fruits;" and surely twenty-five cases were not
a large addition for each one, who had already
shown to each of his comrades that his mind was
capacious enough to contain twenty-five gallons
brandy, twenty-five gallons whisky, twenty-
five half barrels ale, and Catawba, claret, and
cigars in proportion. Michael Powers under-
stood all this, and purchased nine times twenty-
five cases " canned goods," and other articles in
proportion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have performed
a duty to myself in placing this question of for-
gery in its true light, as it had been intimated I
must have seen a different and satisfactory ex-
planation; a duty I owed to Mr. Bonner, who
sustains as high a character as any citizen of St.
Louis; a duty I owed the country, to enable pub-
lic men to be seen in their true colors. Justice
must be done, though tears of anguish be drawn
from the past and present friends of the con-
demned criminal.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri asks leave to be heard in reply to his col-
league. Is there any objection?
Mr. SPALDING. I will not object to the gen-
tleman replying to his colleague. I shall hear
him with pleasure; but I give notice that after he
has concluded I shall object to any further time
of the House being taken up in this way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion; and the gentleman from Missouri will pro-
ceed .
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move—and I hope
the House will do me the justice to vote for my
motion—that a select committee of three mem-
bers be appointed by the Speaker of this House
to investigate the charges made against me by my
colleague.
I pronounce his allegation from beginning to
end a base and miserable falsehood. He has
taken the place of the forger and falsifier, and 1
pronounce him an infamous liar and scoundrel.
[Great sensation.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state tothe
gentleman from Missouri that those remarks are
in violation of the rules of the House, as the Chair
stated of similar remarks which his colleague had
read. The Chair intends to enforce the rule for-
