1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
ters not only to the wants of our own, but to the
soldiers of the enemy. There is no comparison
between the two species of service.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it possible to have a division
of this question, so that we can vote on the Quakers
separate from the preachers?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has not
examined the amendment carefully; but if it con-
tains more than one proposition it can be divided
into as many questions as there are distinct prop-
ositions.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire a vote on the propo-
sitions separate and distinct from each other. I
should vote for the exclusion of one perhaps, and
not for the exclusion of the other.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest that the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his amend-
ment for the present^ and let us take the vote on
the preachers first, and then he can renew the
other as to persons conscientiously unable to bear
arms.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatoi from
Iowa will designate what his own division is, and
- then the Chair will decide whether it is in order.
The impression of the Chair hastily is, that you
cannot make two distinct propositions of this
amendment which would stand appropriately dis-
tinct by themselves.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggestto my colleague
that he can reach the object he intends by rrfftving
to strike out the words " ministers of the gospel."
Mr. GRIMES. Can that motion be made ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the words
" miuisteis of the gospel."
Mr. BUCKALEW. Let the amendment be
read as it now stands.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jlntl be itfinthrr enacted, That ministers of tile e;0Bpel,
or niembeis of religious denominations conscientiously op-
posed to the bearing ol arms, and who aie prohibited Yiom
doing so by the ntlos _and articles of faith and practice of
said religious denomination, may when drafted into the
militaiy service be considered non-combatants, and shall
be assigned by the Secretary of War to duty in the hospi-
tal-*, or to the caie offrepdmen, or shall pay the sum of
£•'300 to such pet^on as the Seeretaiy of War shall dCMijnate
to leeeive it, to be applied to the ben<'iit ot the mcK <uul
wounded t-ohliei-'. and Mich draltud peuons shall thi-n he
exempt ti urn dull dining the tune for winch they shall have
been dialled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa will also include the word ''or" in his mo-
tion to strike out, to meet the view which lie has.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on striking out the words " min-
isters of (he gospel, or."
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that that is
in order now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so un-*
derstnnds it.
Mr. SUMNER. The case, as 1 understand it,
is this: the Senator from Connecticut moved an
amendment to the bill, to which my colleague
moved an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Connecti-
cut has accepted it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chnirnncler-
stands that it has ahendy been accepted asa mod-
ification,and it now simply stands before the Sen-
ate as a distinct amendment; and it is, therefore,
open to amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from lowa that he ought to propose to strike
out the word 44 may" and to substitute the word
"shall." As it reads now, it only gives to the
Dcpaitment the power to consider persons in the
predicament which the amendmentassumes, to be
non-combatants. I propose to strike out the word
"may" before the words "when drafted,"and to
insert " shall."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That can be done after-
waids.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator front Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes,] to stiike out the words, " minis-
ters of tin1 gospfl, or."
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish this division could
be made in some other way, so that we might vote
affirmatively and not negatively upon the propo-
sition. I do not wish to vote against including
ministers in the section; and yet i fear that if that
exemption is in it will weaken the remaining part
of the amendment. 1 want a vote upon each sep-
arately, without voting negatively on either. I
think if the Senator from Iowa would modify his
amendment so as to leave out the portion now
moved to be stricken out, he could afterwards
move to make the same provision for the clergy-
men if the other proposition were adopted. I
think the Quakers are a little stronger than the
^ministers, and I want to take a vote on them sep-
arately. I do not want to vote against the minis-
ters. I want to vote for both.
Mr. GRIMES. I may be mistaken in my con-
struction of the phraseology; but as I understand
it, the qualifications that follow the second line
of the amendment relate only to the Friends who
have conscientious scruples.
Mr. CLARK and Mr. JOHNSON. No.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, who drafted it, says it is so, and that is
pretty good authoiity; and I think myself that is
the proper construction to be given to it. If that
be so, the amendment, as it now stands, exempts
all ministers of ihe gospel. It does not say " or-
dained ministers;" it does not require that they
shall have charge of a parish; but anybody who
carries in his pocket a license to preach is exempt.
Mr. DIXON. Let me suggest that if that is the
difficulty, the Senator should propose an amend-
ment to remedy that defect.
Mr. GRIMES. If I were anxious to exclude
the ministers from being compelled to bear arms,
pet haps I would propose the amendment; but I
am not anxious to do it; I am in favor of making
them fight or pay.
Mr. DIXON. They do now by this amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I am in favor of putting them
upon exactly the same platform upon which we
put men of any other profession in the country.
I know perfectly well that they can all be ex-
empted now under the general provisions of the
bill by the payment of $300. If there is any cler-
gyman whosegpervices are worth to his parish
more than $300, his parish will buy off his mili-
tary services and keep him in charge of the parish.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If they will notdo it,
he ought to be put into the service.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes. If we had stricken out
the $300 clause I am not prepared to soy that 1
would not go with the Senator from Connecticut
to exempt the clergymen; but we have retained
that clause, and it seems that it is to lemain as a
part of the settled policy of the Government that
any man's military service can be bought off for
$300. Now, I say there is no reason in the world
why a clergyman should be exempted under the
provisions of this bill, if we pas's it into a law,
that does not apply to a great many other classes
of citizens in the country; and I want a distinct
vote on that proposition.
Mr.-LANE, of Kansas. I ask for the yeas and
nays on excluding preachers.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I will vote for theamendment
ptoposcd by my colleague, because I consider
the words surplusage. 1 suppose there isnomin-
lster of the gospel who is not a member of the
religious society for which ho serves, and hence
I consider the words perfectly useless and am in
favor of striking them out.
Mr. DIXON. One objection ofthc Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] to this proposition is that it
is too broad, that it includes too many, that it
applies to all ministers of the gospel, without ref-
eionce to the fact whether they are employed as
such or whether they are recognized as such by
any ecclesiastical outhouty. Now, I wish to in-
cpnre whether it is in oider at tlus stage to amend
that clause *
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order.
The rending amendment is an amendment to an
amendment, and therefore a further amendment
is not now in order.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it not in order to move
an amendment to the words which it is proposed
to strike out ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, because
that would be an amendment in the third degree.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do notspcak of a propo-
sition to amend the amendment now under con-
sideration , but to amend the words which it is
proposed to strike out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And the pending
amendment is to strike out the very words which
itia proposed to amend.
Mr. DIXON. This is an original proposition
of the Senator from Iowa to strike out certain
words. That motion has not been agreed to, and
I wish to ask the Chair whether those words fhus
proposed to be stricken out are not amendable)
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not in the opinion
of the Chair.'
Mr. DIXON, Then I hope the Senator will
withdraw his amendment for the purpose of al-
lowing me to amend the first clause.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well, sir; V am willing
to give the Senator from Connecticut an oppor-
tunity to amend the proposition, although I am
unalterably opposed to any amendment that he
may propose, and shall vote against it. I with-
draw my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theyeasand nays
having been ordered, it requires the unanimous
consent of the Senate to allow the Senator from
lowa to withdraw his amendment. Is there any
objection? The Chair hears none. The Senator
from Connecticut can now propose an amendment.
Mr. DIXON. I propose itin the form in which
I first proposed it before accepting the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts. I move to
strike out the words "ministers of the gospel,
or," and insert, "all persons recognized as min-
isters of religion by the ecclesiastical authority of
the denomination or communion to which they
belong, or."
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire, as a ques-
tion of order, whether, if these words are put in,
they can be stricken out with the other amend-
ment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut proposes to strike out the identical
words which the Senator from Iowa moved to
strike out, and to insert other words. If the other
words shall be inserted, the same words having
been stricken out that the Senator from lowa
moved to strike out, they could not again be re-
placed.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I trust,the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut will not prevail.
Now let me tell tjie Senate a case that occurs in
my own State. There is a religious society
known there as the Amana Society; they believe-
in the present inspiration of their own members.
There is a large colony of them settled also in
Erie county in the State of New York. Every
member of that denomination is a preacher, so
that the provisions of this amendment would ex-
empt every one of that large class of people; and
yet they are among the very wealthiest persons
m the United States.
Mr. FOSTER. Does not the Senator believe
that that class would very much increase if this
amendment should be made? [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt it would.
There is no telling to what abuse the proposition
of the Senator from Connecticut might be carried
if it should be enacted. Now, I think there is no
call from the clergy of this country for this ex-
emption. I know that the bishops of some of the
Episcopalian dioceses, for one cause or another,
have petitioned in behalf of themselves and the
pastors in their charge; but they embracc but a
small fraction of the clergy of the country, and,
as was well said by my colleague the other day,
the clergy generally throughout the Northwest,
where 1 live, have been grateful to Congress be-
cause in the passage of the enrollment bill they
recognized their manhood and required them all
to perform military duty in this hour of peril to
the nation; and they have congratulated them-
selves in their ministerial conventions and asso-
ciations that they had been recognizcd as men and
as citizens who were willing to do and die in be-
half of the country. There has been no general
call fsorn the clergy for thisexemption,and I be-
lieve there has not been a single petition sent up
here by the flocks of these Episcopalian bishops
and clergy. I have not had my attention, at any
rate, called to a single petition that has been sent
here by the laymen. Then, this proposition being
without any call from any respectable portion (1
mean in point of numbers) of the clcigy of the
country, it is wholly uncalled-for for us now to
undertake to exempt this class of our fellow-citi-
zens.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, as to the ques-
tion whetherthis is called for by the clergy them-
selves, I will state that I have presented petitions
from the bishops, I think, of every diocese except
