1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bidding personalities against both sides of the
House, if the House will sustain him in so doing.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There is no other
fit language that can be used toward him.
The SPEAKER. Such language should be
used elsewhere than in this Halt.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There can be no
other fit language to apply to an allegation so un-
Frovoked, so false, and so utterly contemptible.
make the motion that a select committee of three
be appointed by the Speaker with power to send
for persons and papers, and to investigate this
matter. If I have been guilty of the crime charged
by my colleague, I am not a fit person to occupy
a seat in this House. I desire to bring this mat-
ter to an arbitrament that will either fix this guilt
where it is alleged to rest, or will let it recoil
on those who have assumed to make the charge
here.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will please reduce his resolution to writing.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir. 4
The SPEAKER. And the Chair will feel
obliged if the gentleman will state in the resolu-
tion the charge he refers to.
Mr. M6CLURG. 1 have no sort of objection
to any investigation being made. I have papers
now before me purporting to have been written by
some officers on my colleague's staff, which I will
be very much pleased to lay before the public.
It, of course, will be noticed here that I produce
the original order. The gentleman does not pre-
tend to say that he did not sign it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not propose
to reply to any inquiry put to me by that infa-
mous scoundrel.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must again call
the gentleman from Missouri to order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire that this
matter may be investigated by a select committee
of three of my brother members, and I desire him
to bring that paper before the committee, where
it will be found whether this loose talk of his be
true or false.
Mr. McCLURG. I ask that the original doc-
ument be examined by the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. This debate cannot proceed
until after the gentleman [Mr. Blair] shall have
submitted his resolution.
PATENT OFFICII REPORT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Patents,
transmitting the annual report of that officer for
the year 1863; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
one hundred thousand extra copies be printed.
The motion was, under the rules, referred to
the Committee on Printing.
KANSAS SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. WILDER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to grant to the State of Kansas lands
for school purposes in lieu of school lands before
taken for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
DUTIES ON WOOL.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, of-
fered a resolution, which was read, considered,
and agreed to, instructing the Committee of Ways
and Means to inquire into the expediency of im-
posing adequate duties on all wool imported from
foreign countries from the 1st day of July, 1864,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
ARMY FENCING-MASTERS.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs the memorial of Edward de Reu for the
employment of competent fencing-masters to in-
struct officers and men of the Army, and asked
that the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the memorial be laid on
the table.
It was so ordered.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF NJsSW MEXICO,
Mr. MILLER, of New York, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee on
Public Lands adversely a bill (H. R. No. 102) to
provide for a geological survey of the Territories
of New Mexico and Arizona, and asked that the
committee be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be laid on the table.
It was so ordered/
CHARGE AGAINST A MEMBER.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I now offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of three members be
appointed by the Speaker, with power to send for persons
and papeis and to investigate the charge made by Hon. J.
W. McClbrs of Missouri against Francis P. Bunt, Jr.,
of said State, of violating the iaws in the matter of an alleged
liquor speculation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentleman
to modify his resolution by referring to himself
as a Representative from the first congressional
Sistrict of Missouri.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that perhaps this
resolution will not exactly meet the question, and
that it should instruct the committee to inquire
into the genuineness of the order alleged to have
been given by the gentleman from the first dis-
trict. That seems to be the whole question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think the resolu-
tion that I have offered covers the whole ground.
It authorizes the committee to investigate and
examine into the whole matter, and that is what
I want done.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman modify
it so as to authorize the committee to inquire into
the genuineness of the order referred to by his
colleague?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the resolution be again read.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish the truth of
the charge to be investigated.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
resolution, and it is open for amendmentoraction.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri does not wish the floor I will move an
amendment. ,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will hear the gen-
tleman's amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the last
part about violation of law. Read it.
The SPEAKER. The words proposed to be
stricken out are, "violating of the laws in the
matter of an alleged liquor speculation."
Mr. STEVENS. And I move to insert in lieu
of them these words, " and inquire into the gen-
uineness or falsity qf the document which the
gentleman produced and alleged to be genuine."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That is an ingen-
ious attempt to narrow the case down. It does
not cover the case. The allegation was against
me, that I had violated the law in attempting to
make a speculation in liquor. I desire the whole
matter to be investigated.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to add the words
which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows: " and to inquire into
the genuineness or falsity of an order for the pur-
chase of liquor."
Mr. STEVENS. Alleged order. I do not
assume it to bij genuine.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is impossible to
be genuine, for it is a forgery.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to say " alleged order
dated June 3, 1863."
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move, after the name " F.
P. Blair, jr.," to insert, "of the first district of
Missouri," so as to be descriptive. I want it to
appear that this investigation is in regard to a
taember of this House, and not in regard to an
outsider!
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved toreconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will announce the
committee during the day. Under the practice,
unless the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair]
declines, the Chair will have to appointhim chair-
man of the committee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I hope that that
formality will be dispensed with in this instance.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not wish to
act so that the gentleman can complain of his
course.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I only defendedfthe
Speaker the other day against the allegations of his
friends. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair merely statedthe
fact to prevent any misunderstanding,
HON. A. G. MILLER. -
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent of
the House that the Committee on the Judiciary
be discharged from the further consideration of
memorials for the impeachment of Hon. A.0.
Miller, judge of the district court of Wisconsin,
and that they be laid upon the table.
There was no objection.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say •
in .behalf of the Committee on the Judiciary that
they have given this matter the most careful con-
sideration. The case has occupied a large por-
tion of the time of the committee since its refer-
ence by the House. Witnesses have been
examined, records have been inspected, and every-
thing done necessary to arrive at a just result.
The interest which had centered in this case in-
duced the committee to bestow on it more than
usual care and labor, and this course has brought
the committee to the conclusion that no one of the
charges contained in the memorials, which, if
true, would successfully sustain an effort to im-
peach the judge, can be maintained by proof, arid
that there is nothing in the case showing that the
judge acted corruptly in regard to any of the acts
of which the memorialists complain. I move
therefore that the committee be discharged from
their further consideration, and that they be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY AND POST ROADS.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be House bill No. 307, to declare cer-
tain roads military and post roads and to regulate
commerce; on which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, addressed the
House. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, as a Representa-
tive of the State of New Jersey I hope that the
bill now under consideration will not become a
law; and without needlessly consuming the time
of the House I shall attempt in the briefest pos-
sible compass to give objections which I trust
may serve to dissuade this body from an act of
legislation which is not only unwarranted and
uncalled for, but derogatory to the honor of a loyal
sovereign State, and constituting an invidious and
unfriendly enactment which presentsan unworthy
return for inestimable services promptly and cor-
dially rendered to the nation in its hour of peril.
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, the road con-
templated by this bill is superfluous. Neither
the public service, nor the public welfare, nor
the public necessity requires it. The bill pro-
poses to authorize what alreadyexists and which
is ample for every civil or military emergency,
namely,continuous line between Philadelphia
and New York for postal and military purposes?*'
This, I repeat, Mr. Speaker, we have already.
A continuous line of the character described, fully
adequate to the wants of the traveling and com-
mercial community, as well as to those of the
military service, already exists; and it has faith-
fully performed its full duty to the public and
to the nation with as little hitiderance as could
possibly be insured by any other route or mul-
tiplication of routes, such delays as have occurred
having been purely exceptional and accidental,
and proceeding from circumstances which no hu-
man foresight or energy could anticipate or con-
trol,
For the past three years the exigencies of war
have required hundreds of thousands of soldiers
and vast amounts of munitions of war to be car-
ried to and fro over the existing lines, and oft-
times the demands for transportation have been
made without an hour's warning.
But, notwithstanding these circumstances, I
challenge the most earnest advocate of the new
route as a military necessity, to3how that in a sin-
gle instance any serious delay has occurred, auy
inadequacy of means of transportation been ex-
perienced, or any indisposition or inability to sup-
ply promptly the requisite means of transit for
this sudden and unprecedented demand been man-
