1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
The question bping taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 25, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. IJuekalew. (Jarlile, Davis, Powell, Eich-
ardbon. Kiddie., and ^auWiui v—1.
NAYfr—Mcsm\-s. Anthony, Hi own, Chandler, Clark, Doo-
Httle, Fool, For-ter, Grimes, UarJan, Uoward, Lane of Kan-
sas, MrDnu^dii.Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy. Ram.<cy, Sher-
man, Sprague, Ten l)>ek, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
W lkin oii, Wiliey, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Coliamer, Cotmcss, Cowan, Dixon,
Fcpsonden. Hale, Harding, Nariif, Henderson, Uendneks,
1]ick^j llowc, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Nesmith, Sum-
ner, and YViiglit—17.
So tho Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. FOOT. I am aware, sir, that the hour is
late and that the body is weary and impatient of
further debate upon this question to-night. 1 had
intended at an earlier hour of the evening to have
submitted some few remarks in response mainly
to some suggestions made by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Dayis,] but i am not in the habit
of detaining tiie Senate in debate at any time,
especially at so unseasonable an hour as this, and
if ihe Senate desires to take a vote now upon this
question without further discussion, I will not
detain them.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will al-
low me, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. FOOT. I ask no adjournment and cannot
consent to an adjournment for my accommoda-
tion. I shall detain tiie Senate buta few moments
at the outside.
I do not rise for the purpose of speaking now
upon the question directly before theSenate; that
is, upon the question of commutation. I have
already very briefly expressed my opinions on
thatquestion. f have no occasion to repeat them,
and as yet no occasion to change them.
The Senator from Kentucky dilated at some
length, and with much emphasis, upon the cost
and the sacrifices of the war in which we arc en-
gaged; upon the afflictions, the wretchedness, and
the woe that it was bringing upon th*e countiy;
that the public mind had become tired and weary
and in disgust at the manner in which the war
had been conducted, and the object Cor which it
was now conducted, ail calculated, as it seemed
to me, to disparage the war and to disaflect the
public mind. It is true, Mr. President, it is hut
too sadly true, that our country is involved m
war, in flagiant, bloody, civil war, but a war, j
nevertheless, into which it has been di iven by the
inevitable necessifk s of self-existence. It is a war
of self-defense.
Mr. SPRAGUE. And self-preservation.
Mr. FOOT. Jt is a war of self-prest rvation,
to lepeat the suggestion of my friend. It is a
war for the rescue and for the salvation of this j
Republic, and for the salvation of republican in- j
Btitutions and of lepublican liberty, against the
assaults of a gigantic and causeless and unpro- !
yoked rebellion. *• \
Shall we prosecute the war to its final issue,
or shall we ignobly and lgnonuniously surrender
our national life and our national being? That is
the question before us to-night, Mr. Piesidetit,
and the American people have answered thatques-
tion' for themselves, and for you, and for me.
The true and loyal people of the country have
long since fully made up their minds upon this
whole subject of the war and of the rebellion.
They have taken their stand upon it. They have
spoken their purpose in relation to it. They have
proclaimed it in the face of the nations that this
accursed rebellion shall die, and that this Repub-
lic of ours shall live, cost what it may: yea,
more, as a necessary incident of the war, or, if
you please rather to have it so, as an inevitable
result of the rebellion and of the war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, the instigatingcauseand
the sustaining power of the rebellion muht die
out with it, so as never to rise again to plague
this people and to desolate this laud of ours. To
this great consummation—the suppression of the
rebellion, the restoration of the Union, and the
salvation of the Republic—the loyal people of
our counti y, like the immortal authors of the Dec-
laration of Independence, have consecrated their
lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor.
Though the trial may be long and severe, though
the contest shall wax fieicer arid hotter than ever
b. fore, though the cost and the sacrifice may be
gtoat indeed, it is to be borne m mind all the while
that the stake at issue is far gi eater still. Sir,
whatever may be the cost or whatever may be
the sacrifice of saving your country, it will be in-
finitely less than the cost and the sacrifice of losing
your country. If the Republic be saved all else,
comparatively speaking,is saved with it. If the
Republic he lost all else of this world's goods or
of this world's hopes, which ore worth living for
or worth dying for are lost with it,and lost irre-
coverably and forever.
Senators may dilate upon and deplore as they
may the cost and the sacrifices of the war. They
may expatiate upon and pour out their laments
over the miseries aud the manifold horrors of the
-war. We concede it all. We have no contro^
versy or disputation with them upon that ques-
tion. But, sir, who caused it all ? Who brought
all this horror and misery of civil war'upon our
country? Who are responsible for this greatin-
iquity*that afflicts our land* Who are answer-
able for it before the tribunals of God and man?
The Senator from Kentucky did not answer that
question; he did not anticipate that questien; he
'did not anticipate the answer to that question.
Treason, rank, bold, audacious treason, plunged
your country into all the horrois of civil war.
Treason in its madness and in its blind ness brought
this great Affliction upon your country, appealed
to arms, fired the fust gun, struck the first blow,
and forced upon your country the tembie issues
of civil war. It left us no other alternative ex-
cept the still greater calamity of national abase-
ment, of national dishonor, and of national degra-
dation. It challenged us to the wager of bailie.
From necessity we accepted the issue. By that
issue we abide. 13y that issue treason itself must
abide, be the consequences what they may.
• There can in the naiuie of things he no terms 1
of settlement; there can be no terms of conipto-
mise; there can be no piofieisof negotiation to
tiaitoism arms against youi availed and betrayed
country, shortot their entiie subjection, (he com-
plete overthiow of iW-ir military power, or their
unconditional surrender and absolute and unqual-
ified submission to the authority and the laws of
the Government they have attempted to destroy,
and with ample sureties for keeping I he peace for-
ever thereafter. Would you concede anything
more? Would you concede anything less?
Talk of compiomise on such a question! Talk
of negotiation with such a foe at such a time and
under such circumstances I Compromise! Com-
promise of what, pray tell an ' Compromise of
the question of our right to exist and to have a
being as a nation? Compromise of the question
whether we shall subdue the rebellion or whether
the rebellion shall subdue us? Compromise of our
right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness ?
Compromise of the question of our right to self-
existence and to self-protection as a nation upon
the earth > Is that what you mean? _
[Negotiate! Negotiate uuh whom—in Heaven's
name, with whom? Negotiate with armed trai-
tors in the field who are s< eking the life o( the very
Government that gave them birth and nourished
them and brought them upr Negotiate with armed
assassins who aie seeking to cut your throat, who
demand your life or your inhefiteneor Negotiate
with an enemy who spurns and laughs to acorn
your every suggestion of settlement? The very
consideiation of such a proposition at tho present
time and under the existing condition oftlnngsis
derogatory, is abhorrent to every loyal and manly
and independent and patiiotic mind.
Mr. President, there is but one plain and pal-
pable course for us, and that is to piosecnte the
war with all the \igor and with ail the energy
and by all the means that God and nature have
placed in our hands, and within the recognized
limits of civilized wtufaie to putdown this r< bel-
lion. Sii , tins Republic mu.;t conquer the rebel-
lion or the rebellion will conquer this Republic,
and there is no other alternative. J lusting that
the God of battles, through the agency and the
instrumentality of our gallant and heroic officers
and men now fighting in the field for the cause ot
the Union and of free lepublican government, will
soon crown our arms with tuumph and give us
, victory and peace, we wait in patience, we wait
I in hope and in confidence, the .final issue of the
contest.
Never despair of the Republic. This rebellion
must be put down. This Union must be restored. '
This Republic of ours, with all its promuis and
with alius hopes for the future and lor the wotki,
must be saved. I repeat, tins monster rebellion
must be putdown; this foul conspiracy agamstthe
life of the best and the moat beneficent Govern-
mentthe world has ever seen must be crushed out.
We are not at liberty to dqubt.<about it; we arc
not at liberty to speculate about it; i had,almost
said we were not at liberty- to .debate $bout it. ;Ifc
is simply and only a thing to he done, to be do.ae
at all events, to be dojie at all hazards, to bedqrt?
at all sacrifices. If morem^a are;want$.d tosave
the Government more men wi\l be had. If more
men are needed, whether it be one hundred thou-
sand or two hundred thousand or five hundred
thousand to save this Republic of ours, my l.ife
upon it, you have only to make that necessity
known and they will not be found wanting in the
day of their country'speul. They will be prompt
to answer the call.' They ore not yet willing nor
yet prepared to give up this Goyernmcnt.
I will speak for my own Stale; asmall and un-
pretentious State, small in territory., sm?ill in pop-
ulation, but large in the spirit of patriotism psjthp
expanse of this Republic, with a courage and
fortitude and a fidelity as firm an^.as immovable
as tiie foundations of her own everlasting hills.
Though she has already paid her sacrifice of blood
in full measure to the demon, of this rebellion,
yet if more of her sons are wanted, if the exi-
gencies of the country require it, I, who lfnovp"
them well and whose life-long has .been spept
among them, tell you the call isonlyto come «th©
summons to arms only to rcach them, and. every
mat* of them capable of bearing arms, if need ,b,e,
will be prompt to leave his farm, his workshop,
his home, his household, and make haste to tho
red fields of war;.yea, and every mother-will make
haste to lay her last son in the prime and the
strength of his early manhood upon the altar of
her country's sacrifice, sooner than see the bright
orb of this Republic go down in perpetual daik-
noss and night.
Thai, sir, is the spirit of the green mountain
State. That is the spirit of the loyal people of
every State in this Union. That is the spiut end
that is the determination that Is to put down this
rebellion, that is to restore this Union, that is to
save this Republic; ami it is therefoie that 1 say
again, this Republic will be saved. Such is my
faith, such is my reliance upon the loyalty , upon
the patriotism, upon the valor, upon the fidelity,
upon the self-sacrificing endurance, and above all
upon the unconquerable will and the undying pur-
pose of my fellow-countrymen. Though long
, and scveic and terrible may be the ordeal, yet,
God helping them, 1 believe the strength of the
American people will prove equal to the task—that
the=v'n tue of tiie American people will prove equal
to this gieat uial.
Si', I will detain you no longer. This Republic
must be saved, and twenty million responsive voices
give back the answer, "This Republic of ours
i shall be saved.**
I Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 have no doubt that almost
! every Senator believes every word that has been
i uttered by my honorable friend from Vermont,
| and I therefore move that the Senate do now
; adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
j Mr. McDOUGALL. I have been more than
| pleased, I have been edified by the old Roman
' talk that I have heard from the Senator from
| Veimont, worthy of his experience, worthy of
' his years, and of his high and well-known char'
; acter. But, sir, while I indorse all those noble
| old Roman sentiments that he has so well pro-
j nouneed, and I know has so strongly felt, 1 cannon
1 concur with him in his conclusions. I concur with
! him in the heait of what he says, in the spirit of
I what he say s, aud in the will to do all that he would
; himself, and yet I am compelled to express the
' opinion that the philosophy of the doctrine which
1 is involved in his conclusions is, in my judgment,
■ altogether unsound. Sir, if we were old Romans or
| old Greeks, or men of the Republic as it was in
; 1776and.incarnated in 1787, we would notask for
j additional commutation. It is the evil of the whole
course of our policy with legard to this war; and
; I piotest again, humble as my opinion may be,
or as my judgment may be, or as my position
; may be us" against the Senator from Vermont,
; that we make a grave mistake in supposing that
the citizens of the Republic should be purchased
j, to go into the field. _
'! This is a proposition to increase the price ot
!j commutation. We forget the law that lies at tae
|! foundation of republican institutions. I do not
