320B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
propose to discuss the question, and I shall not
dare myself to undertake to rebuke the very able
aneyong-experienced Senator who represents the
green hills of Vermont. He is always able to
teach m$, and I bow my head to him for instruc-
tion. But, sir, I trust that we.shall get back to
the true principles upon which armies should be
organized, and upon which a reptiblican people
should be put into the field of battle. I am con-
fident tftat I am right on this point, or otherwise
I should not be so persistentin repeating my con-
victions. We should not undertake to carry on
war upon the principle involved in the proposed
amendment; and if we do not learn it to-day or
to-night, if we do not learn it this year, if we do
not learn it next year, it will be compelled into
our recognition by the experience of years.
i was as highly pleased with the discourse of
the Senator from Vermontas by anything I have
heard this session, I think it has somewhat ele-
vated my own feelingsof patriotism. As regards
everything he has said in the form of general re-
mark and appeals to the high sense of the Senate
and the American people, 1 would be proud could
I have expressed myself so well and said what I
thought in the same form of language. But, sir,
I insist, and it will come to be the conviction yet,
that it is not the paying of large sums to bring
men into the field that will accomplish victory.
We commenced with n grave error, und we have
got to retrieve that error before we shall be able
to establish ourselves perfectly as a strong, com-
manding power as between ourselves and our ad-
versaries."
Mr. SAULSBURY I shall detain the Senate
for but a few moments. I am notgoing into any
political discussion, or to say who was or who
was not the cause of this war,or the terms upon
which it can be settled. I rise simply to say a
word in lefcrenoe to the amendmt nt proposed by
the honorable Senator from Vermont. As I un-
derstand, that amendment proposes to increase
the commutation money from $300 to $500, and
to reduce the term of service from three years to
one year.
Mr. FOOT. Let me correct my friend, as my
colleague is absent. It is not an absolute sum
fixed. It leaves it discretionary with the Depart-
ment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then it is reasonable to
presume that the Department, being extremely
anxious to obtain men, will fix the rate of com-
mutation at the highest sum, the sum of $500. In
my judgment this is equivalent to saying there
ehaii be no commutation; because where there is
one man who is ablu to pay $500 commutation
money for one year there are fifty who are not
uble of the class who would be bound. The
adoption of this amendment, therefore, is equiva-
lent to saying to the young men of this country
who are willing to pay their money m order that
substitutes may be obtained, 4< You shall go into
battle; there is no escape,"
if I were governed dimply by party considera-
tions, and wanted a measuie to pass this body
simply from party considerations, \ should le-
joioe at the passage of this bill by the dominant jj
pat ty, stmpiy because i believe as firmly as I be- '
Iteve ! exist that no Administration who is le-
sponsible for the adoption of such a measure as
this can possibly meet with public approval in \)
the presidential election; but while 1 would bo ;j
most glad to see hurled from power never to re- Jj
turn to it those who administer the Government, jj
I cannot allow mere partisan considerations to ij
influence my vote. \\
i know, sir, that in my own State there arc
hundreds of young men who arc liable to this ;
draft, who arc opposed to going into this war, '!
who wish to live m peace and quiet at home, who j!
ore willing to sell everything they have got on Jj
eatth to contribute the money to exempt them jj
from a draft, yet who will ever be unable to raise :j
fhis amount of money. I believe there are hun- !■
dreds and thousands of men m this country who ;
svill die on their own thresholds before they will :
,eter by the strong arm of power be dragged from |
their quiet homes simply because they are not jj
able to raise the amount of money which unrea- <
sonable legislation imposes upon them. j
Now, Mr, Piesident, if it be true, as has been j
said by the honorable Senator from Vermont, ij
that the loyal people of this country have made
up their minds to fight out this war to the bitter
end, if it be true that they have made up their
minds to respond to every call which may be
made upon fhem, whence the necessity and why
the necessity for this draft? Why be so unrea-
sonable as to fix the price of commutation so high
that nineteen twentieths of the men subject to draft
will not be able to pay it? Mock them not, sir;
you might just as well say at oncc that every man
shall go to the field of battle who is summoned to
go. 1 trust, not only for the benefit of those in
whom I am more immediately interested, the peo-
ple of my own State, but for the peace and har-
mony of the country, for the purpose of avoiding
scenes at which ^imagination becomes appalled,
that the Senate will neither make the commuta-
tion so high that those to be affected by the draft
cannot pay it, nor strike out the commutation
clause. If your diaft is but for a year, $300 is a
very exorbitant price to pay. I have seen the
young men in my own State, in the county in
which I live,sell the last thing they had on earth,
and then call upon • their friends, going abound
with subscription papers to get their friends to
contribute their mite to relieve them from going
to war even by paying the sum of §300. 1 have
had mothers come into my office, with tears in
their eyes, begging that the humane portion of
the community nnght save to them their only
boy. Nobody who does not mingle with the peo-
ple can tell the amount of suffering and agony that
are endured by the parents of this land in the hum-
bler walks of life, when it is proclaimed by the
provost marshals that a diaft is to be made.
Sir, I invoke the Senate by all the considera-
tions that can move the geneioua heart and stir
the warm generous blood, crush not the last hope
of the young man just enteung upon the theater
of life who desues to spend his days under the
paternal roof; drag not away from the agonized
mother and the heart-stricken father their only
boy, simply because in the providence of God
and from the misfortunes of life they are not able
to raise the amount which (lie rich man may well
afford to give. In the midst of this desolating
war,for almost every house is clothed in mourn-
ing and almost every eye is bathed m teats, add
not to the moan of the heart-stricken; cause not
an additional flood of tears. If for the noble pur-
pose indicated by the honorable Senator from
Vermont, the preservation of the Union of these
States, in the judgment of those who have the
management of political affairs it be necessary to
continue this most fratricidal war, mix with the
cup of bitterness as much of comfort as you can.
Sir,the speech of the honoiable Senator from
Vermont, awakened m my mind many thoughts
and caused it to revert to the history of the past.
The speech made by the honorable Senator, with
a change of name, a change of date, and a change
of theater, was made neai ly <i hundred years ago.
The Parliament of Great Untam rang with such
utterances: No eompromise with traitors,'5
" nothing hut absolute obedience, peifeet acqui-
escence in the will of the Governmentu the
war against the colonies must be fought out to
maintain the dignity, the character, and the re-
nown of the lintish Government." " It would be
degradation and humiliation," said the lords and
commons, in obedience to the wishes of the king,
"to have compiomise with scbels;" and thtn as
now the cry was, ii Prosecute the war lor the pres-
ervation of the integrity of the Governnient;,'and
yet, in thecourse ot a verj* shoi t time, taught by the
sad lessons of experience, but not half so power-
fully or instructively taught as we have been by
the awful slaughter and by the dire calamities of
this war, even the king upon Ins throne, and the
lords and Commons in their Parliament house,
sent their propositions of peace if the errant col-
onies wouid return. Let me tell honomble Sen-
ators to-night that eveiy general you have in the
field may continue to fight the battle on this line
not only during all the .summer, but many com-
ing summers, and unless the teachings of history
be a lie you will be no nearer the end upon the
policy you arc pursuing of 44 no compromise with
rebels and traitors," " no terms to be proposed
and no terms to be received," than you were in
the beginning. To use the language of another,
"Tell me, thou reverend chiomcler of thegrave,
tell me, voice of history, upon whatpage of your
recorded annals is wutten the example of twelve
million people, scattered over a territory of such
vast extent, which have ever been subdued, which
have ever been conquered when the cry has been
4 war, no compromise/ when the alternative
presented has been 'submission with the loss of
property and life also,' or the other alternative of
' fighting for your property and your life with the
chance of securing both.' ' Sir, I know that the
utterances of one so humble as myself and of
those entertaining similar notions cannot influence
legislation here; but the time will come, and those
of us who shall be alive to witness it will see the
day, when this policy of a vigorous prosecution
of the war and summoning reluctant men from
their homes to go to the bloody field of strife, and
discarding all other means whether as independ-
ent or assistant to the obtaining of peaceful re-
sults will prove to have been an error; and if a
dismembered empire shall be the awful price you
pay, if the disintegration of the greatest, the
mightiest, and the freest Republic that everexisted
shall be the dread price of your legislative and
executive folly, when you open your eyes to the
dread reality, (which will come if the teachings
and lessons of history be true,) say not to us who
asked you to profit by those teachings and to learn
those lessors that the fault was ours; but in the
quietude of your own homes, amid the wreck of
constitutional liberty, and a once proud, great,
and mighty empire, reflect that you spurned the
warning voice of reason, that you imputed im-
pioper motives to those who vainly endeavored to
persuade you from the suicidal course, and that
you, and you alone, have been the authors of a
nation's destruction.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to say one word  
Several Senators. No, no; let us vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. If a member of the major-
ity wishes to speak, I will move an adjournment,
Mr. HOWARD. I will take my seat.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my motion,
then; but Iwill renew it if our own friends seek
to consume time.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to state that I did
desire to say a word in reply to the imputations
of the Senator from Delaware against tne Union
party m this Senate.
Several Senators. Some other time.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Collamrr.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I now offer as an additional
section to this bill the third section of the printed
amendment of the Senator from Vermont:
And he. xt further cnacled, That the number of men fur-
nished hom a ay distiiet lot the service ot the United States
beyond and above us quota on calls heretofore made, and
the term of feorvice of such men, shall be considered and
allowed to said district in calls hereafter made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I send to the Ghair an amend-
ment as an additional section.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Pec. —. And he it Jurther enacted, That any per*ons,
resident ni the States of Virginia, North Carolina, .South
Ciuolma, Geoigs.i, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Texas f>r Arkansas, who may voluntarily enlist in
the military service of the United States tor the teim of
three \eais or during the war. shall he entitled to the ben-
efits and pi ivileges of exiting laws, and such persons bliall
be mustered into the regiments, or other oigamzations of
whatsoever Suite they may elect, or, in the ease ot colored
troops, Muill be attained <is now piovuhd bylaw. And
the States, or Mibdivisions of State*, procuring such enlist-
ments, shall receive, credit for such persons, in accordance
with the laws in other ca*es; but such enlistments a-s arc
aiuhouKed in any Suite, under the provision* of this act,
shall only continue until such State shall have been made
subject to a call tor troops.
[" No," " No."]
Mr. WILSON. I will not press the amend-
ment, as i see it is distasteful to the Senate, and
theio in a desiie to take a vote on the bill to-night,
but I undeistand that the House of Representa-
tives are determined to put this provision on any
bill they pass. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES 1 offer as an additional section
to this bill the fifth section of the printed amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont, as
follows:
And be \tfurther enacted, That no person drafted on future
call* oi who shall volunteer to iill the =ame shall be liable
to be again drafted until the existing emollment ihall bo
exhausted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
