1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
ifested.^ -It is a fact that will not be controverted
that there has been no delay, no lack of facilities,
no  ign of unwillingness on the part of the man-
agers of the existing lino to defer all other busi-
ness to the pressing and paramount necessities
resulting from the war; anA the only instance
when the line which now traverses New Jersey
did not forward all that was required by the Gov-
ernment, was when the roads which are interested
in procuring the passage of the bill now before
this House solicited the piivilege of cturymg a
number of men and a quantity of freight, which
in amount were not much greater than the exist-
ing roads were accustomed to carry habitually
every day, and for the transportation of which at
that very time they had cars and boats in wait-
ing, This diversion of business from the regular
and direct route was not instigated by the* public
necessity; not because the existing lines could
not or would not transport them as speedily and
as promptly as the rival route, but it was to es-
tablish a precedent and commit the Government
.unwittingly, so far as the authorities were con-
corned, to an act which, at some future time, tiicy
might cite to their own advantage, as they now
attempt to do. I repeat, then, Mr. Speaker, that
for any military purposes, the passage of this is
unnecessary, it has not been called for by the Pres-
ident, nor by the Secretary of War, nor by any of
their military subordinates; neither have any of
these officials made complaint against the exist-
ing lines, and for the simple reason that they have
had no grounds for such eomplaiuts; their wishes,
so far as these lines are concerned, having been
fully and satisfactorily canted out.
Turning from the military to the civil service,
wg still find the proposed road to be unnecessary.
I will not deny nor attempt to conceal that for a
certain period there were pi evoking delays m the
transmission of the mails and of passengers by
the existing lines between this city and New
York; but these were occasional and acciden-
tal, arising from causes which were beyond hu-
man control,and operative throughout the whole
country. They were not chargeable upon these
lines exclusively; but the mime embarrassments
which they suffered were experienced by almost
every road in the northern States, and in a ma-
jority of cases to a much greater extent and for a
far more prolonged period. Buteven these delays,
though presented as a strong argument in favor
of the passage of this bill, weie in but small de-
gree attributable to that portion of the route which
luns through New Jeisey, for we have virtually
two distinct lines of communication between New
York and Philadelphia, and for a great portion
of the route there are three tracks to carry freight
and passengers. Of the two tracks innmng en-
tirely through our State, one starts from Cam-
den* opposite Philadelphia, and runs to Amboy,
thence by steamboat to New Yoik; this was the
original Camden and Amboy road. The other
leaving the same city on the Pennsylvania shore or
the Delaware to Trenton, aooss the State to
New Brunswick, and thence over the New Jersey
Railroad and Transportation Company to Jersey
City. The latter route has a double track now
most of the way, only waiting for rails to com-
plete the balance. I refer to these facts now but
to refute the popular error that the New Jersey
roads arc largely responsible for the delays ic-
ferred to. But with the exceptions named, the
postal service has been satisfactory poiformed;
and that a new road for postal pin poses is no t i e-
quired bythe public mieiests we have the full and
explicit aseuinnce of the Postmaster General, m
his communication to the Senate, m answer to a
■ resolution of tlmt body asking information relative
to the subject.
Again, the proposed road is unnecessary,if we
consider the wants of the tiavehng or commeiciai
community. The present lines are not only ad-
equate to every demand of necessity or conven-
ience, but they are infinitely preferable to the one
proposed by the bill, on the score of convenience
and directness. Theexisting lines aie dnect, and
you will be surprised to find* Mr. Speaker, if you
have not already given attention to the subject,
how direct Test them by the rule and compass,
and you will perceive that they form almost if not
quite that much UlLeu of desideratum, "airline.
The present lines, I repeat, mo direct, the pio-
posed line is circuitous, and I venture to a^eit
no intelligent business man, unless lie weie
an utter neophyte in railroad traveling, would
ever choose to travel by the proposed route be-
tween New York "and Philadelphia, or vice versa.
But, Mi. Speaker, if the road called for by the
bill under consideiation is unnecessary when the
existing line is tried by the pas£, it is still more so
if we have regard to the future. Although, as I
have shown, the present lines have responded
promptly and satisfactorily to all the drafts that
have been made upon them for the military and
civil service—with such rare and providential ex-
ceptions as I have noted—they are still putting
forth the mostextraordinary exertions to increase
their facilities proportionate to any possible con-
tingencies. They are straightening and short-
ening their tracks to an exact air line, building
bridges, increasing their rolling stock as fast as
Government demands upon private shops will
permit, and as speedily as the iron can be pro-
cured laying a double track, which is rapidly ap-
proaching completion. When these improve-
ments are finished—and they will be completed
long before the new route proposed by the bill be-
fore us is in working order—there will be not only
a superabundance of all the accommodations that
can possibly be needed, but humanly speaking,
the accidents which have caused delays, disap-
pointments, and vexations in the past will be
amply provided against.
1 have thus far confined my remarks to the con-
sideration of the proposition that the road pro-
posed by the pending bill is unnecessary, neither
suggested, asked for, nor needed by the heads of
the military or postal service, for the especial ben-
efit of which it purports to be intended. I now
propose to examine it from a higher stand-point.
Mr. Speaker, New Jersey will deny nothing to
the Government which may be demanded by the
general welfare; she will make any sacrifice that
a free people ought to make for the general good;
she will not meanly or grudgingly count the cost
when she is called upon to serve the Republic;
she will give freely of whatever she has to give
that may be necessary to the publicsafety. This
road is not necessary, and New Jersey asks you
to pause before passing a measure that has but a
fancied necessity, and which-will be insulting to
her Legislature, insulting to her judiciary, and
violative of her pledged public faith. The ques-
tion that is now before thu* House has already
been before the Legislature of New Jersey, and
both the parties that are now here have been suit-
ors there. The Legislature of New Jersey made
its decision m accordance with its convictions of
duty, and in conformity with its honor and plighted
faith. That decision was adveise to the parties
interested m the load pioposed by this bill; an ap-
peal was then made by them to the courts, and so
iar as they ha\ e gone in this direction the decision
has still been against them. But the law has not
yet been exhausted; there arc other couits whose
duty and province it is to review and reverse erro-
neous decisions, and to set aside unlawful enact-
ments. Why, then, do the paities to this bill
stop short? Why do they hesitate to make their
appeal to a higher tribunal? Is it because they
doubt the justice of their cause ? And if they de-
cline or fear to appeal to the courts, have they any
claim upon the consideration of this House, or
ought this House to disregaid and override the
'acts of the Legislature of New Jersey, sustained
as they have been by the courts? i apnea! to the
magnanimity of this House not thus to override
the unimpeached judiciary and Legislature of my
State, or to forestall judicial txammation or de-
cision. 1 appeal to its sense of justice, toits sense
of honor, to its reverence foi pledges of public
faith, nay, I appeal to its sense of right and duty,
not to pass this bill, which will be an insult to
the dignity and an infringement upon the rights
and powers of New Jersey.
The source fiom which this bill proceeds should
also admonish gentlemen to hesitate before voting
for it. Its source, as i have already shown, is
not the public necessity or welfare; it is not asked j
for by the officers of the Government who arc re- >
sponsible for the conduct of the civil or nulitaiy '
set vice; they never suggested it, nor do they dc- I
sire it. Win ic, then, does it originate? I reply !
that it emanates from that fruitful soui-ce of ques- I
tionable jobs, that elysium of stock operators,
that o'gan wtio*;c keys are the financial interests
of the country, Wall street. It oiiginates in no
sense of patuotism, from no nbsolute eonviction
of right or duty; but simply from the ambition
of " money making." It is a Wall street spec-
ulation^ stock-jobbing venture, this and nothing
more. Is it for such a purpose, Mr. Speaker,
that we are called upon to punish, to insult, and
to humiliate the State of New Jeisey ? What has
New Jersey done to merit such treatment from
the Federal Congress? Have you forgotten that
when Sumter was fired upon, and the first call
foi troops was made by the President, that New
Jersey sent a full brigade of volunteers to pro-
tect the national capital, and that in doing so she
not only exceeded her proportion by a regiment,
but was the first of all the States to forward her
full complement to the field? And have you for-
gotten that the "Jersey Blues" have' fought at
almost every place where fighting was to be done,
from Bull Run down to Chattanooga? Have you ,
•forgotten the New Jersey dead ? Do you bear in
remembrance the gallant Ewing who on land and
sea upbore the honor of the nation and defended
the nation's flag? Have you heard of the glorious
Phil. Kearney, or of "Varuna Boggs?" If New
Jersey has done her part faithfully and well, if
her sons have responded quickly and battled no-
bly, if her authorities have strained every nerve
to meet every requirement, if her soldiers and
sailors have been steadfast,enduring,and valiant,
if she has contributed her proportion to the na-
tional safety, or has reflected any glory upon the
national name, then I appeal to you to deal justly
with NewJersey, and pause, 1 entreat you, ere you
inaugurate this needless and unjust crusade upon
her sovereignty, ere you press upon her an issue
which she can yield but with her honor. I appeal
to you as Representatives, jealous of your own
honor and the reserved rights of your respective
States, not to perpetrate this gross indignity, not
to cast this unmerited insult upon her. With-
hold, I beseech you, the step that would unwit-
tingly trample upon her rights at the instigation
of envious and unscrupulous defamers and ad-
venturers.
I again entreat you to pause.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passeu a joint resolution for the payment
of expenses incurred by the joint committee on
the conduct of the wqf; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 25) to authorize the President
to negotiate a treaty with the Klamath, Modoc,
and other Indian tribes in southern Oregon; and
an act (H. R. No. 299) to provide for carrying the
mails fiom the United States to foreign ports, and
for other purposes; when the Speaker signed the
same.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed, as the special com-
mittee ordered by the House tins morning, Mr.
Higby, Mr. Clay, and Mr. Puuyn.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. PENDLETON. Has the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. It has; and the regularorder
of business is the bank bill, reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, which was made
the special order for this day and every day after
the morning hour until disposed of.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would suggest to the
gentleman who has charge of the bill [Mr. Hoop-
er] that he refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state oi the Union, with the under-
standing that the consideration of it be continued
from day to day in the committee until disposed
of, and that it take precedence over all other busi-
ness in the committee. *
I desire further to say that there are amend-
ments which have been adopted by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and I suggest that on
the fitst reading of the bill, for information,
the gentleman from Massachusetts indicate those
amendments, and they can be incorporated in the'
text of the bill. It seems to me that will facili-
tate the consideration of the bill, and not delay it.
Mr. HOOPER. I have no objection to that
