208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14.
two in the Ipyal States, asking, not for entire ex-
emption, for that they do not request, but asking
that if drafted they may be employed as chap-
lains or in hospital service. They have not asked
for entire exemption. There is no petition here
that I know of for entire exemption.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to make
a suggestion to the Senator from Connecticut; 1
was in his State a few days ago, and f talked
with some of the Episcopalian preachers; they do
not ask service in the hospitals if we retain the
$300 clause. In case we repeal the $300 clause,
they ask that they may be employed in hospitals
if drafted. I have their pi inted petition here. So
far as the church' that 1 belong to is concerned,
we want no exemptions. [Laughter.]
Mr. DIXON. The Senator has not stated it
with entire accuracy. He spoke of the probability
of the repeal of the commutation; and m view of
that, supposing they are to be forced into the ser-
vice, they then say they wish to be employed as
chaplains or in hospitals.
Then, Mr. President, as to the question whether
other denominations have made application, I
have presented several petitions from ministers
and from laymen of the Lutheran church in (he
State of New York, I mention that fact merely
to show that the Senator from Iowa is mistaken
on this subject. But, Mr. President, the Senator
speaks of a sect in his own State, all of whom
claim to be ministers, and who under this clause
would be exempt. What benefit would they ic-
ceive? Suppose this is adopted, what can they
claim? They can claim to be employed in hos-
pitals or as chaplains by the Secretary of War,
or they can pay the $300. That is all the ex-
emption. As the law now stands, they can pay
$300. The present law is not altered in the slight-
est degree by the last part of the proposition.
They can, if they see fa not to act at all, pay the
$300 and be entirely exempt; but our provision
is that if they see fit to act. they shall not be called
into the field, but shall act m hospitals and as
chaplains. If the Senator supposes there is any
danger that the class of people to whom he refers
will claim in great numbers to be employed as
chaplains and in hospitals, that may be somewhat
of an objection to the proposition. I do not be-
lieve that there is any danger of a great number
of people like those mentioned by him claiming
that kind of exemption, it seems to me that that
cannot be an evil which we ought to be very care-
ful to avoid, for I do not think it can happen.
Now, sir, all that is proposed by the amend-
ment under consultation is thatif you draft min-
isters of the gospel, those acknowledged to be
such by the denomination or communion to which
they belong, they shall, if they see fit to go into the
service, he employed as chaplains or in hospitals.
They of course can be exempted, ns everybody
can. Whether you include it in this clause or
not, they can be entirely exempted. You have
already exempted them on the same giounds as
others. We propose now to say that if ihey see
fit to serve and choose to serve, they shall oerve
in this capm-ity.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to rail theatten-
tion of ihe Senate to an amendment which 1 think
expresses more definitely what I believe is the
view of the Senate, if they are disposed to make
any exemption at all: " first, that ministers of re-
ligious denominations hi good standing, and act-
ing as Filch, who may desn-e" 
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will inquire from the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin how he pioposes to show
the character of the standing of a minister of a re-
ligious society.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. How do we show that
a man is under forty-five years of age? It is a
fact.
Mr. HARLAN. Do 1 understand thatall those
over forty-five years of age are to be regaided as
in good standing* How is the military boaid to
ascertain the fact of the relative'standing of men
in a ieli£ious society ?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. 1 propose that ministers
who uie in good standmgwilh their religious de-
nomination, acting as ministers, religious teachers
of the denomination, shall be exempt upon the
conditions which a:c specified here: they shall
not lie compelled to take a musket and go into the
field against thi ir millions convictions. Jf they
desiie°if, they may go into hospital service, or
pome other c>'iVKi 'uhI.t fh" 'J n o! t:i° Sec-
retary of War. My proposition is, further, that
" ail members of religious denominations in good
standing as? such, by the articles of faith and prac-
tice of which denominations the bearing of arms
in war is forbidden, and who shall by oath or af-
firmation declare that they are conscientiously
opposed to bearing arms in war, shall, when
drafted into the military service, be considered
non-combatants/' &e.
Gentlemen may smile when the question is
raised as to the exemption of those men who from
conscientious religious convictions cannot take
arms in their hands and go upon the bloody field
of conflict; but they do not understand or they
certainly overlook that clement in human nature,
stronger than all others, which will take men to
the dungeon oi1 to the cross for their religious
convictions. It is true that in the bill asitstands
now before the Senate a commutation clause is
preserved. Any person may pay his $300 by
way of commutation and be exempted from this
service; and therefore, whatever m^y be done
with this proposition, it will not operate so hard
upon the consciences of men, because they can
submit to have this'fine or sum collected of them
for not going into the service. But wc desire not
only to enact a law which shall bring men into
the field, but we are desirous to enact it in such
form that it shall comport with the feeling, the sen-
timents, the religious convictions of the country,
if you please, so that it can have strength and be
maintained at home and among the people. And
when it makes no practical difference to the Gov-
ernment, if we can say that if a Quaker, if you
please, is drafted into the service he may take
his choice either to go inio I he hospitals as a non-
conibatant-or into some service where he can take
care of the sick and wounded, or that his money
which he commutes for that service shall be em-
ployed for taking care of the sick and the wounded,
we make this conscription bill palatable to a very
considerable class of our population. Hut, sir,
to force them against this religious conviction is
what the Government ought not to undertake.
What I propose, Mr. President, in short, is this:
that those teachers of religious denominations
who are theii ministers in good standing, acting as
ministers of the gospel, in actual service and duty
as such, shall not be put into the ranks as com-
batants; and further, instead of compelling mem-
bers of religious denominations by whose faith
and creed it is legalded as a sin against God to
bear aims even in self-defense, to go into the
ranks to do military service, they may be em-
ployed as non-combatants in hospitals or else-
where, or they may commute, and the money
which ihey pay shall go to taking care of the sick
and wounded soldiers. Genticmensay thismakes
no difference; they are just as much supporting
the war in this way as if they paid the money di-
rectly to piocurc a substitute and place him in the
field with arms in his hands. Perhaps you think
so; perhaps I think so; but they do not; they
diaw a distinction; and in legislation we must re-
paid as tacts ihe prejudices and tin, religious con-
victions of a people. They are facts, important
facts; facts that are not to be disregarded by any
wise legislator in my opinion, and therefore, so
far as I am concerned, 1 would eonfoim our legis-
lation in such a mamiei that while it does equal
sei vice to the Government it does not trample
upon these religious convictions.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GLUMES. I now renew the motion 1
made a little while ago to strike out the words
" ministers of the gospel, oi."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon that ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to say one word to
explain my vote. I am in favor of the amend-
ment as it stands*, but as a proposition very sim-
ilar to this has already been voted down, and I
think the remaining part of the amendment is
stronger without it, 1 shall vote for the motion of
the Senator from Iowa, and then I shall vote to
put this matter in its proper place in the bill.
The cpuMion being taken by yeas and nays,
lesiiln d — yeas 28, nays 10; as follows:
YP.AS—Anthony, I)sown, Uutkalcw, Claik,
("Mimes-*. Cowan, L\ ^enden, Foot, Fo-tei,Grimes-,
Hale, llati.ui, Ihini-. IIetulei>on. Hendricks Howaid,
lioxw. .John-ou. Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kiut>u-, Ncv
mith, Ram-oy, Slieunun, £pt:\guu, Ten E^clc, TiumbulJ,-
nnd Wilkinson—-2^.
\ VMi1;-'!5 Ihvon.Deoljn.ln. M'>niU. Pom
eroy, Powell, Sautsbury, Sumner, Van Winkle, and Wil-
son—10. •
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on agreerng to the amendment as amended.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 ask for the reading of itas
it has been amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
J3nd be it further enacted, That members of religions de-
nominations conscientiously opposed to the hearing oi arms,
and who are prohibited trom doing so by the rules and ar-
ticles of faith and practice of such religious, denominations,
may, when drafted into the military service, be considered
non-combatants, and Miall be aligned by the Sccreiary of
War to duty in the hospiultoi to the care of (reedm< ii,and
shall pay the sum of $300 to such person as the Secretary
of War shall designate to receive it, to be applied to the
benefit of the sick and wounded soldiers ; andsucli dratted
persons shall then be exempt from dratt during the time for
which they shall have been drafted.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out the word
" may," in the first part of the amendment, where
it occurs, and insert the word " shall."
The amendment to theamendmen t was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In order to make the •
amendment more clear I will move to insert after'
the word " denomination" in<he second line the
words, " who shall by oath or affirmation declare
that they are;" so that it will read:
That members of religious denominations who shall by
oath or attiiination dceluic that they are conscientiously
opposed to bearing aims ; &.e.
I want those words in because I think they will
moke it much easier to administer the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
whole of it read. I think, as it stands now, it is
very imperfect. Will the Secretary read it again ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the reading of the amendment as it would
read if the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin to it were adopted?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yrs, sir.
" The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That members of religions denomination^ who shall by
oath or affirmation declaie that they aie conscientiously
opposed to the beanna of arm", and who are .prohibited
fiom doing t-o by the rules and article*; of laith and practice
of t-aid rehiiious denominations, shall, when dratted into
th<> military seivice. be considered non-combatants, and
shall be assigned by the Secietary of War to duty m the
ho-pitah; &.c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is sufficient.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; there being, on a division—ayes twenty-four,
noes not counted. • •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on agreeing to the amendment as amended.
Mr. HUCIvALEW. 1 move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. FOOT. Before that question is put, I ask
the Senator from Pennsylvania who makes this
motion to withdraw it, m order to allow me to
interpose a motion that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
MivBUClCALEW. I withdraw the motion
for that put pose.
Mi. FOOT. Then 1 make mv motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Veimont moves that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it he to meet on Monday next.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had Letter sit here
and finish this bill to-day. If we do that, then I
shall be willing to agree to this motion.
The motion was agieed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania now moves an adjournment.
The motion was not agieed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the pending amendment as
amended.
Mr. CONNESS, I call for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Is that proposition still open to
amendment ?
; The VICE PRESIDENT, ft is.
] Mr, DAVIS. Afti r the last class who are ex-
i enipted by the word^ of the amendment, I will
- move to add the wotd k< Shakers."
j Mr, GRIMES. They come within the amend-
! ment now.
! Mr. DAVIS. Very well,
! The VICE PRESIDENT, Does the Senator
I from Kentucky insist on his amendment to the
' amendment?
