2230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
every commercial agent of the Government abroad
should be, but what they are not very iikely to be
under ihe present system, candid and unbiased
friends of the Republic.
I must confess, however, that what is here
urged as the main reason to dissuade from this
measure persuades me most to its support. Even
if no immediate equivalent in service was to be
returned, it would not, I apprehend, be a breach
of any axiom of political economy or do violence
to the teachings of a sound political philosophy,
for this Congress to devote the small sum solicited
by the Government through three Administra-
tions, and by such statesmen as Everett, Marcy,
Cass, and Seward, to an effort to improve the
business capacity and professional intelligence of
the commercial agents of this great people in for-
eign capitals. It might at least add to the stock
of national intelligence, if it did nothing more,
and thus feed the hidden sources of our prosper-
ity, stability, and glory as a people. We do well
always to bear in mind that ignorance is the
mother of discord and sedition in free States, and
makes popular suffrage a snare and a weakness.
It has been our misfortune, and a main reason
that we nie now repeating the bloody experience
ofthe early republics, that our population in a large
section ol the Union has increased more rapidly
than the power to educate, enlighten, and assimi-
late the teeming millions. Had we to-day, sir, a
bureau of national instruction underlhcguidance
of an enlightened and judicious secretary it would
be well for our permanent peace and prosperity,
and would allay the anxious fears of many ofthe
wisest ami best friends of civil liberty both 111
Europe and America. It is a narrow and sui-
cidal philosophy that would withhold or divert
the bounty which the Government would devote
to the education of its people. Themeasuie be-
fore us is a pait of that enlightened policy which
appoints to special training chosen youth for
special duties of preeminent and paramount mi-
poitnnce to the Republic.
Permanent foieign elei lis, familiar with tin; du-
ties of the office, aie frequently the leading per-
sonages, and have the paramount eontiol of the
large financial and commercial interests of our
consulates. This is true not only in the tempo-
rary absence, and disability of the" consuls and m
the transitions of Administrations, hut too often
dining the entire penod uf an Administration.
This 13 both disreputable and unsafe. Let us fill
these cleikships with intelligent Americana, upon
whose sympathies we can rely, who will labor
for the welfare of our commerce and Government,
and who, in time, will commend themselves to
the appointing power, by their special acquisi-
tions and qualifications, for interpreters, vice con-
suls, and consuls, and not unfie^utnitly lor null
higher duties iu the foreign missions.
Again, it is urged, and it is the only argument
against this measure which has weight upon my
mind, that it is not prudent to add $125,000 to the
burdens of the Government m these perilous
times.^ Hut, sir, I call to mind ihat thegemusof
trade, in periods ofgreat financial embarrassment,
often fills the Jap of poverty with plenty by ju-
diciously investing capital in ways that will en-
large the ptolita of productive industry. So lean
but believe this application of the public funds
will increase the business and multiply the ptofus
of commercc till the income itbnngs to the Treas-
ury will farouti"un the yearly diaft. A Govern-
ment, paralyzed through fear of evils to come,
will inevitably be drawn into the vortex from
which it shrinks. Lot it be borne in mnul that
our State Depaitmentis nenily self-supporting;
that our consular system, sustained at an annual
expense of $300,000, returns more than two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars into the Treasury
jn consular fees, and that the incomes from this
source are increasing year by year.
Give us back the Union reconstructed upon the
basis of free labor and untrammelod enterpnse,
and our commerce will use from the struggle like
Antseus from his contact with the earth. With
such an issue, though our commercial marine
should be swept from the ocean, it would spring
like a Phcenix from the ashes of war and renew
its flight. Let us, then, conduct our legislation
in the full assurance of final victory and prolonged
prosperity. Sir, we will let
" No pent-up Utiea contracts our poweib ;
The whole botmdic-.-, t outnt- ji? i- otu-.."
The classic gentleman who represents the com-
meicial metropolis of the Republic upon this floor
with such distinguished ability,a little time since
quoted in eloquent phrase, but, as I must think,
unfortunate connection, the proverbial Delenda
est Carthago of the old Roman patriot. Sir, I com-
mend to the gentleman to recall and^ponder over
the life and death of that great exemplar of civil
libei ty. Could we but unsphere the spirit of
Cato and bid it speak through his lips, it would
inspire them with no miserable word of discour-
agement or taunt or bitterness against his Gov-
ernment in this hour of the nation's prolonged
struggle for life and libeity, but adapting itself to
the changed condition of the times, would close
all his speeches with the heroic cry, Delenda est
rebellio et conf&dcratio.
Cato was more than willing that Africa should
perish that libertyand the republicmightsurvive."
In the law of 1856, the President is authorized
to require of the consuls:
"The communication of information and the procure-
ment and traiibmissioiiof the products ot the arts, sciences,
manutactmes, agnculuue, and commerce fioni time to
lime, as lie may think conducive to the public inteiessts'."
They are liable also, in the absence of the proper
officers, to be called upon to fulfill diplomatic func-
tions. We see, therefore, that the discharge of
v< ly responsible duties, and those requiring ex-
tended information and a high order of intelli-
gence, may be laid upon these officers. These
duties are represented by the Secretary of State
as having been very onerous and valuable during
the progress of the present war. He says:
£f Since the commencement of this war the Department
has had much confidential corn^pondenee with our con-
suls nbio.id ni relation to thu rebel puvateer\ the lilting
out of blockade runnels, and equipping of ve-wls-of wat
In foreign countries by individuals in the nitciot of the
rebel*, and the shipment of amis ami othn munition's loi
their uie. Upon all ihi^-emariei-the I)ep.ntmenf ha^ boon
kept tally infoimedby our consul, and tin* tnioi ni.ibion thus
communicated, wlueli lias been piomptly made known to
the Navy Department, ami llm^ to tlic comtuainlei* of tbo
blockading sqmtdion >, ha* led to the onpnue and condem-
nation ol mativ blockade lunuer^ wnh valuable eaigoe-,
" It is unpoiMui, iheieloic, th.it the chief elnk in each
ofthe pinx'ipul consulates should bo a ihorotiyhlv loyal
A met lean citizen, tilted at any moment, m c.i^eof the sick- !
ties-, absence, death, or tempoiuiydj-abilityot the consul,
to take his place and di&cii.uge Uuthlullj hi-, dimes.'1
The object, sir, of our consular system is to
pioteet the commercial lights and privileges of
the nation, and to advance its prosperity and
power. No agents of the Government stand
nearer the souteos of national greatness, noneare
inn usted with higher interests. The peace of the
country and the honor of its flag over every sea
and in every chine are m their keeping. They
stain! it) eminent social relations m all the great
nieiCctntile mails of the world, and by then* at-
tainments, manners, and business capacity, de-
tei mine largely the opinions of mankind in respect
to our national chaiacter. Ju view of these grave
responsibilities, I submit, sir, that it is the part of
a prudent policy and an enlightened statesman-
ship for this assembly to forego no opportunity
to enlarge the influence of its lepresentatives
abroad, and to secure the respect of foieign na-
tions.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the precise question
befoi e the House ;
The SPEAKER. The question is on agreeing
to the twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate, m
which the Committee of Waye and Means rec-
ommend a non-eoncunence.
Mr. BROOKS. That is to strike out the pro-
vision for the twenty-five consular pupils.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is to add
section two.
Mr. BROOKS. That lcavcu out the twelve
consular pupils?
The SPEAKER. That is the effect of it, al-
though the twenty-live consulcu pupils are not
named m-the section.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker,after the action
of the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mending a non-concurrence in this amendment of
the Senate, I should not have risen to address the
House but for the highly instructive and clabo- j
rate speech of the honorable gentleman from New j
Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson.] As such a speech i
may have an undue effect upon the House and i
change the action recommended by the Commit- !
tee of Ways and Means, I feel it my duty briefly j
to address the House in reply to the honorable j
gentleman. j
I thank the honorable gentleman for the com-
pliments he has paid me and which I so illy de-
serve; and though such compliments quite disarm
me in any reply I may have to make, yet I must
say something of his reference to thefulmination
in the Roman senate of Cato the Censor, Delenda
est Carthago, and his application of that fulmina-
tion as words now fit for us in the Congress of the
United States.
The honorable gentleman, scholar as he is, will
remember that it was in the free, popular, and
classic days of Rome, when a Roman citizen en-
joyed Roman liberty, that this fulmination went
forth from Rome, Delenda est Carthago. " I am a
Roman citizen," was then the proudest boast of
man, and the joy and glory of a Roman. Rome
then began the process of confiscation and ex-
termination for all the nations of the earth; not
only for Hispania and Britannia, hut thence on
to the Euphrates and the Tigris. Arms then gov-
erned Rome, no longer the toga. But in this
conquering and exterminating process the Roman
republic became the consolidated Roman empire.
Roman liberty was lost; the rights of Romans
ceased to exist; the Roman citizen was no longer
a citizen, but the mere subject of a Roman em-
peror. 1 fear that if thispiocessof consolidation
and extermination is earned on, though the Amer-
ican empire may be spread from Washington far
beyond the Rio Grande to Central America, and
perhaps to the Amazon or to the arctic regions,
yet in that process the fate which was the fate of
the Roman citizen may be ours, and we shall no
longer be free and independent American citizens,
but the subjects of some wretched, miserable,
pi fetorian-elected em peror.
These remarks, sir, I know are not kindred to
the subject before the House, but the topic was
introduced by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire. I therefore pass from them with thisother
reimuk, that the whole scope and tendency of his
argument, if not of his course, is too like consoli-
dation in everything. The gentleman is quite sure
that if a bureau of instruction were instituted by
this Government for the education of the people,
our institutions would be better secured than if it
were left to the people to educate themselves.
Here the honorable gentleman and myself differ
altogether. He believes that all good is to come
fiom the Government; I believe that all good is
to come from man. I believe that the precepts
of Christianity are first to reform the man, the in-
dividual, and not the action of the Government.
But the action of the Government in general is
likely to do more harm to mankind than it is to
do good, and whatever reforms mankind must
come from Christianity, from family and home
training:, and not from the fostering care of the
Federal Government, or of any consolidated Gov-
ernment. It is but natural, therefore, in thiapro-
cess of reasoning, that the gentleman should be
advocating that this system of international insti-
tutions should be established by the people of the
United States at the expense of the people of the
United States.
True there are but twenty-five consular pupils
named in this bill, but these twenty-five aie but
a nest-egg of a vast system whgh in the end will
be imposed upon the whole diplomatic system of
the country. Oursystcm beautifully diffeis from
all European systems in all its diplomatic regu-
lations; and I declare with ail the confidence of
truth that nowhere on earth, under no foim of
Government service since the foundation of our
Republic, has the diplomacy of a Government
ever been better carried on or so well carried on
as in this under our system peculiar to the Uni-
ted States. The whole history of our country
shows that we abound with educated, intelligent,
and literary men qualified to lepresent oui coun-
try abroad in any court of Europe withoutforeign
training therefor.
Who are the men, educated m our schools,
trained in no diplomatic circle anywhere, who
have illustrated the honor of the Ameiican name
abroad? The illustrious Jefferson, of Virginia,
as minister to France; the elder Adams at the
court of St. James, and his son, the younger
Adams, one of the besteducuted men in thecoun-
try. Then there was the illustrious Pmckney, and
the not less illustrious Jay; ar?B in our own day a
not leas renownedand distinguished man, who has
shed light upon international law, and given re-
nown to our nation the world over, Mr. Wheaton,
