1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
course being pursued, if the House considers it
pieferable.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now a special
order in the House after the morning hour from
day to day until disposed of. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, adopting the suggestion of
his colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Pendleton,] now asks unanimous
consent that the bill bo referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union as a special
order, to be considered in priority to all other spe-
cial orders, the House to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union immediately upon
it, and when the bill is read the first time for in-
formation, the Committee of Ways and Means
to have an opportunity of offering; their amend-
ments.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to its taking
precedence of other special orders in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. We can
go on and consider and attend it in the'House
where it now is just as well.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, if the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole 011
the state of the.Union, the only way in which it
can be reachcd will be by a vote of the House
postponing the special orders which antedate it.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 should be very glad to
take that couisc, but I do not desire to embarrass
the consideration of the bill at all.
If that course meets'the approbation of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I will move to post-
pone the prior special orders in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 hope the gentleman will
make no motion the effect of which will be to put
this bill behind other bills.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
can test the question by first moving to postpone
all the special orders in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and if that motion pre-
vails he can then move to refer this bill to the
Committee of the Whole, wheie it will have pre-
cedence of the special orders.
Mr, STEVENS. I hope that will not be done.
I can see no reason why we cannot consider the
bill now in the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was only sug-
gesting the manner in which the gentleman from
Ohio can accomplish his purpose.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move, then, to post-
pone all the special ordeis now before the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I lise £0 a
question of order. That cannot be done except
by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. A majority of the House
can postpone special orders.
Mr. WASH'jURNE, of Illinois. Notspecial
orders that ate in Commit toe of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I 1;< heve.
The SPEAKER. Certainly; the House is the
only body that can postpone spec.al orders. The
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
cannot do it. A mujo: ity of the House can do it,
and they do it almost c\eiy day on the motion
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. The Chair would state, however, that
there is another obstacle hi the way of the con-
sideration of the bill in Committee of the Whole
on the .state of the Union: unless it be made a
special order in Committee of the Whole, the
President's message and a vaiicty of other mat-
ters will be in advance of it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have no disposition to
emban ass the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
then-fore I withdraw my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chairrepeatsthat spe-
cial orders can be postponed by a majority of the
House, and that is the only way in which they
can be postponed.
Mr. HOOPER. There seems to be a desire
that the bill shall be read at the Clerk's desk,and-
1 ask thatas it is read I may have an opportunity
of presenting the amendments which are recom-
mended by tiie committee which icpoited the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill must be lead to the
House, at any stage, once on the demand of any
member. That dilR-is ftotn the iulo inCommittec
of the Whole, where the bill is fiistroad for in-
formation, and then for amendments. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts demands the reading
of the bill.
Mr. FENTON. I presume my colleague on
the Committee of Ways and Means does not care
about its being read, unless other members desire
if, if the House will consent that he shall offer
the amendments of the committee without having
the whole bill read.
The SPEAKER. He can do that by indicating
where the amendments are to come in.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that the bill
ought to be read through.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman demands
its reading now he cannot demand it again atany
other stage. The question before the House is,
" Shall the bill be engrossed, and read a third
time?"
Mr. PRUYN. I hope the gentleman from In-
diana will consent to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that as the bill is
read the gentleman shall have an opportunity of
offering any amendments he thinks proper.
Mr. HOLMAN. The usual practice is to have
a reading of the bill in full before it is read-for
amendments.
The SPEAKER. Thatis in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union,but we are now
acting in the House, where only one reading in
full is allowed as a matter of right. *
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire the bill to be read.
The Clerk then read the bill in full.
Mr. HOOPER. I now ask leave of the House
to propose the amendments which have been
recommended by th^ Committee of Ways and
Means for the put pose of perfecting the bill and
to dispose of those amendments at this time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Brandegee
in the chair.) is there any objection to that prop-
osition ?
Mr. BROOKS. I certainly have no objection
to the course proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts; but before any action is taken on
those amendments, 1 desire to see them in print.
The bill itself was carefully reported. It proposes
an entire change in the banking system of the
States. What changes in the bill the gentleman
from Massachusetts now proposes 1 wish to have
time to read in print and thoroughly to consider;
and, indeed, I want, time to consult parties on the
subject. 1 ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
to give us that time; and if so, I shall have no
objection to Ins offeiing the amendments now.
Mr. IIOOPER. The greater part of the amend-
ments which I have to propose are verbal, some
of them to correct errors in printing and some to
correct errois in transciibing.
Mi. BROOKS. In a matter so important, so
interesting to the currency and property of the
country, we must proceed with deliberation, even
in verbal matters, so that we may,be able to com-
prehend the bill thoroughly.
Mr. HOOPER, ifitbe thought,after the amend-
ments aie offered, that it is expedient to have the
bill reprinted I will have no objection.
Mi. BROOKS. All that I want is to reserve
my right to object to the introduction ofthe amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER p") 0 tempore. Is thei e objection?
Mi. BROOKS. I object except with that un-
derstanding.
The {SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair «an-
not recognize such an understanding.
Mr. HOOPER. If the House deem it expedi-
ent to have the bill- repiintcd after 1 shall have
offered and explained the amendments I will have
; no objection.
; Mr. BROOKS. But the gentleman from Mas-
j sachusctts will bear in mind that he cannot intro-
1 duce his amendments now, except by general
j consent. That general consent I desire togive if
I the bill lies over till to-m 0110 w, and if the amend-
! merits are printed. The changes can be made
| without change of form and with but slight ex-
j pense.
| Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
, from Massachusetts that he go on in the icgular
, way, offer his amendments, and let the votes be
, taken on them as we go along.
| The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
| lion to the gentleman fiorn Massachusetts oifer-
i jng his amendments?
' ' Mr. BROOKS. I object, unless I can see those
amendments m print.
Mr. riOTCHKiSS. I hope that the com-
mittee having the matter in charge, and parucu-
hnlythe gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooplr*] will consent that the amendments
which he pioposesmay be printed,sbthatweca.1i
examine them. *'
Mr. WASHBUR3NTE, of Illinois. I "suggest
that the gentleman will first be allowed to ex-
plain his amendments. They may not'be mate-
rial. ■ - ' = •
Mr. HOOPER. I have stated already that
most of these afmendments are verbal. Tliey^arfe
to correct errors in printing or in transcrrbiijrg'Ufe
bill. Some few of them, but very few, nre tff ix
more substantial character.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better go oft
and act in the regular way.
Mr. HOOPER. The first amendment which
I desire to offer is to the sixth section. It is to
add after the word "specify" the word sub-
stantially," so as to make it read:
That persons uniting to form sUch an association shall,
under their hands, make an organization certificate, which
shall specify substantially; &c.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to ask the reason
for this amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I think the reason is so ob-
vious that any person can understand it.
Mr. PRUYN. It strikes me that it is making
the whole thing too loose. Thisrequirement can
certainly be complied with without any difficulty.
Mr. HOOPER. I withdraw the amendment,
as there is an objection to it.
* Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I should like to
offer one or two amendments which the gentle-
man has apparently passed over. I propose to
strike out of the first section, providing for the
appointment by the President of the Comptroller
of the Currency, the words "on the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of the Treasury." The
Constitution provides for the mode in which ap-
pointments shall be made. I hold that we have
no right to select other parties on whose recom-.
mendation appointments are to be made. There-
fore this line which I move to strike out is in vi-
olation of the Constitution. It must absolutely
bp made either by the Secretary of the Treasury
or by the President.
There are one or two other amendments to
which I shall call the honorable gentleman's
attention.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have a
proposition to make which I hope will meet with
the concurrence of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts and. of the House, and that is that tins bill
shall be considered in the House as if it were in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to be read section by section for amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper}
proposes to submit certain amendments from the
Committee of Ways and Means. After those
have been submitted and considered the bill wiU
be open for further amendment,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that; but we can get along with the bill much
better if we consider 11 in the House as if it were
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
U111011. Let the bill be read section by section by
the Clerk, then all will have an opportunity to
move amendments without confusion. It is the
best course for us to pursue to act upon the
measure uederstandingly.
Mr. HOOPER. I do not object to that course
being pursued.
Mi. PENDLETON. I made a proposition to
accomplish that purpose this morning, and it was
objected"to. I believe I must object now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman fiom Ohio will not object on that
ground.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] objected 10 my mo-
tion that the House'resolve itself into- the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of Uie Union to
consider this hill there as a special order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania withdraws his objec-
tion.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then I do not objfet.
Mr. HOOPER. I understand, the bill is to be
read by sections fbr amendment.
Mr."STEELE, of New York. I appeal to the
chairman ofthe Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Stevens,} and to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] to let this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole 011 the state
