210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Mr. HOWE. Very well; it takes no more S*me
for a vote upon reconsideration now than in the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. It taltes two votes now in
place of one.
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will yield to me for a moment, there was
an amendment which 1 offered, authorized <bythe
Committee on Military Affairs, which has not
bc8n acted up6n, and I hope he will allow us to
have action upon that before he makes his motion.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. FOOT. 1 rise to a privileged motion.
Some time ago I moved that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next,
then supposing that the Senate could complete its
action on this bill to-night. Itisevidentnowthat
it will not be able to do so. I think, therefore,
we had better come here to-morrow and finish
this bill. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate agreed that when it adjourns to-night
it ad journ to meet on Monday next.
The,motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I move now that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that motion is put,
I wish to make another privileged motion, and
that is, to reconsider the vote by which the new
rule in relation to the oath of office was made the
. special order for to-morrow, in order that it may
be postponed until Monday, so that the Senator
from Del'aware may have un opportunity of a day
ecrtain to speak upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. But I understand the Senate
will sit to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. But we wish to finish this
enrollment bill then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the motion that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I nowsubmita motion that
the resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts
providing for a new rule of the Senate be post-
poned until Monday next, and be made the special
order for that day at half post twelve o'clock.
TheVICtf PRESIDENT. That order will
be made* if there he no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OK XI\IVR ES E N T A TIV E S. -
Thuuspay, January 1-1, 3864.
The House nut at twelve o'clock", m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, llev. \Y. II. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
UXPENSKfc 01? MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Wat
Department, transmittingastatement of expendi-
tures of appropriation for the contingent expen-
ses of the military establishment for 1803; which
was ordered to be printed,and referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the War Department.
MESSAGE FllOM THE SKXAL'K.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Fohnky, its Secretary, notifying the House that
(hat body had paRs^d bills of the following titles;
in which he was directed to ask the eonciurenee
ol the House:
An act (S.No. 50) to authoi ize the President to
appoint a Second Assistant Secretai y of War; and
An act (S, No. 57) declaring the assentof Con-
gress to an act of the Legislature of Illinois therein
named.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in or-
der was the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 18) postponed on yesterday until after
the reading of the Journal to-day, the pending
motion being to recommit the resolution to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The resolution was reported as follows:
A joint resolution explanatory of an "Act to suppress in-
surrection, punisli treason unci rebellion, to seize and con-
fiscate the property of rebels, and for other ptfiposes."
Mr. STEVENS, In this resolution now open
to amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The motion to
recommit, which is pending, prevents it.
Mr. COX. I suppose, by unanimous consent,
any amendment might be offered here.
Mr.WILSON. I do not withdraw mymotion
to recommit.
Mr. COX. I do not desire to detain the House
at any length. The general subject of confisca-
tion, its legality and policy, was exhaustively dis-
cussed in the last Congress. I may be allowed
to add a few considerations to those which have
heretofore been offered here: first, as to the general
policy of the confiscation system, with a view to
putting down this rebellion; and secondly, as to
the specific mode pointed out by this bill and its
amendments.
My impression is that the confiscation system
has been an utter failure. Because it has failed,
we are to have it newly tinkered session after
session, and from day to day, with a view to
encourage rapacity and aggravate grievances.
Such legislation*, sir, only stimulates rebellion.
It destroys what remnant of Union feeling may
be stili remaining in the South. It ignores the
first lesson of history, what has been truly called
44 the principal observation of the best historians,
that a whole nation, how contemptible soever,
should not be so incensed by any prince or State,
how powerful soever, as to be driven to take des-
perate courses." Instead of disarming the rebel,
u arms him, when nearly exhausted, with the
weapons.of revenge and despair.
Mr. Burke once said, speaking of America:
„ " You cannot frame an indictment against a whole peo-
ple."
Neither can you, sir, administer a sweeping
penalty upon them.
History is, alas, too full of examples of the
ruthffess savagery of confiscation. In proportion
to the atrocities have been the resistance of the
people and desolation of the lands to which such
savagery has been applied. If I should wish to
present a case where all the horrors of subjugation,
penury, devastation, and confiscation have been
felt, I would go to Ireland. Crushed by the cruelty
of a system similar to that now and here sought
to be inaugurated, Ireland points with skeleton
finger continually in all her sad history her warn-
ing to our rulers; I do not think these cruelties of
England toward Ireland are attiibutable solely to
the Puritan spirit of the time of Cromwell,although
I find in her history anappeal from New England,
in the person of one of her pastors, to Old Eng-
land, to make the "English swoid drunk with
Irish blood, to make them heaps upon heaps, their
country a dwelling-place for dragons, an astonish-
ment to nations." These excesses weie not the
lesult uf leligious bigotiy alone. They date from
the earliest connection of Ireland with England.
Ail her rebellions were the reaction of suffering
against rapine. With permission, I extract from
Smythe's Ireland, Historical and Statistical, vol-
ume eleven, page 117, the terrible lesson 1 have
pondered on the general subject of confiscation.
After the expulsion of James from the throne of
England theslenderrelics of Irish possessions be-
came the subject of fresh confiscations. From a
report made in 1698 it appears that nearly 4,000
Irish subjects were outlawed, and their posses-
sions, amounting to 1,060,792 acres, confiscated.
The area of Ireland is estimated at 11,042,682
acres. The historian says that the forfeitures in
the reign of Elizabeth and Mary were 2,838,97*2
acres; in the reign of Jamesl,at the Restoration,
and in 1688, the foifeiturcs weie 11,097,629 acres;
so that the whole island ha's beenconfiscated, and
some parts twice. In one century no mconsid-
i erable portion of the island was confiscated twice,
or peihaps thrice: so that at the Union the situa-
' tion of Ireland is unparalleled in the history of
the world. Such universal ruin only served then,
as it will serve in this devoted land, to inspire ha-
tred and scorn toward the conquered people whom
the victors delighted to trample upon. Retalia-
tion and murder followed closely upon the heels
of confiscation.
There is not a wise man who has pictured this
, history but has condemned the impolicy, not to
say illegality, of the forfeitures. They operated
always against the conclusion of the war. Had
the Irish been regarded as alien enemies instead
of domestic rebels they would have had one re-
lief—they would have retained their possessions
under the established law of civilized nations.
« If I were to assume the premises sometimesas-
sumed by gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, that this war is a territorial war, and that
every man, woman, and child, loyal or disloyal,
within the limits of the belligerent territory are
alien enemies and should suffer all the conse-
quences of belligerency, according to the law 6(
nations, then there would be no foundation at all
for acts of this kind. If the rebel becomes the en-
emy, you cannot confiscate the private property
as these bills propose. If there be a line of force,
protected by bayonets, which, according to the
Supreme Court in the Hiawatha case, makes
the confederacy a dejacto government; if this be
true, as argued by the Solicitor of the War De-
partment, and as has been argued by a gentle-
man in the other end of the Capitol, then there
can be no confiscation of rebel property at all in
the manner prescribed by the confiscation act.
But I do not propose to inquire too curiously into
this matter, though it may well engage the atten-
tion of jurists to inquire how treason can be al-
leged or confiscation follow where the accused
were under the dominion of a power capable of
coercing allegiance to it and holding the sword of
the magistrate de facto, though not de jure. Pro-
tection and allegiance are correlative. While
Government gives the one, it may command the
other. If it fe.il to give protection, would it be
just or rational to punish for treason ? This sub-
ject is treated in the books, and, indeed, was the
subject of English statutes. It is thus stated by
a writer in the American Cyclopedia, under the
title Treason:
" But from the obvious absurdity of exacting fiom every
individual a sound, or rather a fortunate,judgmpntasto the
obscure and complicated grounds on which the claim to
sovereignty often rested.it became and still remains a well-
settled iuie, that no one incurs the guilt of treason by ad-
herence to a king or government, dc facto, although that
king or government lias but the ri^ht of a successful rebel,
and loses it all by a subsequent defeat."
It seems to have been adopted by the dominant
party m this House that this confiscation system
shall, if possible, be carried out in the South.
They cannot do it and make it effective under the
Constitution. The'y must do it over that instru-
ment and in spite of its limitations. All the for-
feiture which they can obtain under the Consti-
tution is simply the life estate of those who are
convicted of treason; and as that life estate is no
longer than the halter with which the man is hung,
the results would not be worth the pains. Avarice
would not be sated by alife estate. Its maw must
be gorged. It must have all. Hence,from some
motive or other not creditable to our human na-
ture, whether it be fiom unchiistian malice, or
corrupt greed, or some other diabolic desire, there
seems to be an urgency upon gentlemen upon the
other side of the House to break the Constitution
to get at the absolute title to the estates of the
rebels.
I know it may be said by the gentleman from
Iowa that the bill which he has presented does
not involve the constitutional question. He tells
us that he simply desues to submit the question
to the courts, and let them determine whether or
not the forfeiture shall be m fee or for life. But/
sir, the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] and others have indicated a desire to move
amendments here, repealing the joint resolution
of the last Congress, which, on the suggestion of
the President, embodied the language of the Con-
stitution. The effect of such repeal will be to leave
the original law in full force. Its execution will
then be attempted without regard to the Consti-
tution, and the officers of the Government will at
once seize upon and sell the property in fee. The
vender will hold it absolutely, and the burden of
contesting its validity will be thrown upon chil-
dren and heirs whose rights the Constitution in-
tended should be guarded. Therefore the ques-
tion comes up properly on this bill, whether we
shall allow any such unconstitutional measure to
pass, for even by the bill of the gentleman from
Iowa, without any of the amendments proposed,
we would be holding out to the judges and to the
instruments of this administration a lure to lead
them on to follow up this confiscation system for
some bad purpose or other. I honor the judiciary,
sir, as much as any members but I am growing
disuustful of all powers, wherever deposited.
Now, we know that the judge of the United
States court for the eastern district of Virginia, a
Judge Underwood', has lately been passing upon
