'3208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23.
increase the salaries of judges and arbitrators of
the mixed court under the treaty with Great Brit-
ain for the suppression ofthe slave trade; which
was ^ead a firsJt and second time, ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being: en-
grossed it was accordingly read the* third time,
and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE, of California. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I believe
the regular order is the naval bill.
The SPEAKER, ft is the Pacific railroad bill
until it is disposed of, and then the naval bill.
MKSSAGK i'UOM T1110 SENATE.
A message from the.Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate have passed n joint resolution and bills of
this House of the following titles:
Joint resolution (No. 95) authorizing the Sec-
retary of tho Navy to amend the contract with
John Ericsson for the construction of two im-
pregnable floating batteries, the Dictator and the
Pari tun 5 find
An act (No. 453) to increase the pension of
Isaac Allen.
Also, the Senate have passed an act (IT. R.
3NFo. 466) for the relief of Martha Jane Skfi£gs;
and an act (H. ft. No. 470) to authorize assimi-
lated rank to be given to the warrant officers of
the United States Navy, and for other purposes;
severally with amendments; in which the con-
currence ofthe House was requested.
That the Senate have also passed joint resolu-
tions and hills of the following tales; in which
the concurrence of the House wns requested:
Joint resolution (No. 50) for the relief of the
conductors for the machinery ofthe side-wheel
gunboats known as u double-coders;"
Joint resolution (No. 70) to authoiizc the ac-
quisition of certain hind for tin* use ofthe Gov-
ernment hospital for the insane;
Joint resolution (No. 69) regulating the invest-
ment ofthe naval pension fund;
An act (No. 303) for the relief of Charles A.
Hichborn;
An act (No. 308) repealing so much of "An
act to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the set vice of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of J'ini', lri(>4, and for other pui poses," approved
Mmvh M, jytM as appropriates $25,0U0 for erect-
ing a naval hospital at Kitteiy, Maine;
An twi (No. 209) authoii/ing the levy court of
Washing on county, ni the District of Columbia, j
to levy and collect Hs portion of the direct tax no- ■
posed by tlu  act ofCotigress of August 5, 1 t?(>l; j
An act (No. 301) foi the sale of a lot of land in
Iowa in the Kort Cuwford reservation;
An act (No. 324} presctilung the punishment
for untie,ing ami suhng framen to desei t the naval
atu vice of the United .States;
An act (N>> *2'iG) tor tlie relief of seamen and
others, nor officers, hot n « on flic books of vessels
wrecked or lo.-j ni the naval service: and
An act (IS u. 190) to establish a navy-yard and
depot at Cniio, in the State of Illinois.
WA VS AND MKAN'S.
Mr. HOOPER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and ! hat r he I louse resolve itself into the
Committee oi the Whole on the state of the Union
on the loan bill.
J he qui Mion was put; ami no quorum voted.
I he SPEAKER ordered tel!ers;and appointed
Mr. Coll, of California, and Mr. j. C. All*;:/.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes noes 10.
So tn«  motion was agreed to.
Thu liuUM* accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. iJouTWici.L. in the chair,) and resumed the
eon.sid-'ivuion of the bill (H. R. No. 540) to pro-
vide ways and means for the support of the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
on the amendment ofie ted by tUe gentleman from
Neu- York [lUr.PoMEROir] to the second section
of the bill. The Chair is informed that the
ttmvndment under diieetion ofthe House yester-
day way sent to die printer, and has not yet been
returned. If there be no objection, the second
section will be passed over informally until the
amendment is returned.
There was no objection.
The third section was read, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlnd he. it further enacted, That the interest on
all bonds-horetofore issued, payable annually, maybe paid
semi.aimu;ilJyj and in lieu of such bonds aiithouzed to be
issued, tho rfocrotaiy ot tlie Treasury may issue bonds
bearing interest, payable semi-annually. And he may also
tesue in exchange for TreaMiry notes heretofore issued bear-
ing seven and tfnee tenths per cent. intereM,, besides the
six per cent, bonds heretofore authorized, like bonds of
ail the denomination* in which tucii Tiea^uiy notes iiave
been issued; and the interest on such Ti'e.isuiy notes alter
matuuty .-ball be paid in lawful money, and they may be
exchanged for Mich bonds at any time within three months
Jiom the date ot notice of redemption by the Secretary of
the TreaMiry, al'tei which the mierot on Mich Tieasury
notes shall eeaM>. And so much ot the law appioved
March 3, 1654, a«, limits the loan authorized therein to the
current fiscal year, is heu-by repealed; and the authority
of the Secretary of the Tietismy lo bin row money and is-sue
therefor bondh or notes conleried by the tir*t section ofthe
act of March 3, 1803, entitled ;<An act to piovide ways
and me.ius for the support of the Government," shall cease
on and after the passage of this act.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend that section
by striking out the words ua-nd so much of the
law approved March 3, 1864, as limits the loan
authorized therein to the current fiscal year is
hereby repealed." \ move the amendment to
enable me to say that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has laid on our tables, or somebody in his
name hns, a statement of the amount of the pub-
lic debt June 14, 1864, and from that 1 have been
able to compile exactly the amount of loans pro-
posed by this bill. It is important that the pub-
lic should understand it, and therefore I Rtate
it. The first section of this bill appropriates
$400,000,000. In the lines to which 1 am direct-
ing attention two other appropriations or loans are
made, if I maysospeak. Under the $200,000,000
loan which passed March 3, 1864, §155,760,750
are yet unused; and of the tern pot .try loan of
#150,000,000, in the fourth section of the bill,
$65,59^,501 have been thus borrowed, leaving to
be borrowed $84,40] ,490. The bill, therefore, pro-
vides for exactly $>,614,160, 249. The gentleman
from Massachusetts anil myself had some mis-
understanding about this matter yesterday, but
these are the precise facts, i withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, i move to amend the fourth
section by striking out in line four the words
„tlone hundred" and inserting "fifty" in lieu
thcieof; so that the section will read:
Sfc. 4. .'JmZ be it fmtktr enacted* That the Secretaryof
the Treasury may aiulmi ,/.c the receipt, a* a tc-mpof.iry
loan, ot IJmied Slate-, notenor the rioter of national bank-
ing n^ocutionH on d-'posii loi not ie*«, than thiity d.ij-.
i.i ■'iiiii1' not ie-sN than fifty doii.n?, bj any of the A^L-tant
Tiea-uiets ol tin- I initeil State-, or deposstoties deMgjmled
lor that put pose, oilier than national hanktnga^ocMUon->,
who -dial! l-siie eeiuiicat"?. oj deposit in Mich lorm as the
Hi'eiet tiy ol' the TiejiMiij shall pit s-ci ibe. beaum? interest
not c\eeedivs hx per cent, annu.illv, and payable at any
the lenn ot depot-n, and atn;r ten da> subsequent
delimit; ami nonce be waived by the Secretaiy
asiuy, &.c.
The object is to allow smaller sums to be re-
ceived.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. It is provided in the fifth sec-
tion '* that the Secretary of the Treasury may is-
sue notes for the fractions of a dollar as now
used for currency," &c. Is itmeant by that that
he may n-'suo notes for $1 25 and $1 50?
Mr. HOOPER. 'I here is a law which pro-
hibits the issuing of any such fractional notes.
Mr. BROOKS. Rut this law gives him the
powf r.
Mr. I [OOPS R. There arc no such notes is-
sued now, cither by the Government or by the
banks.
Mr. BROOKS. I think there are some issued
by ihe State banks.
Mr. HOOPER. I think not; certainly none
by the Government.
Mr. BROOKS. What I want to understand is
whether this provision authorizes the issue of
notes for 5J1 -25 find ;jl 50.
Mr. HOOPER. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 move to amend section six
by inserting uftnr the word " Secretary," in the
ninth hoe, the words li m a room set apart espe-
cially and exclusively for that purpose under the
care of some peison appointed directly by him;"
so that the section will read:
dEC. 6. idnd he \t further elided, That the coupon and
time uitrj
notice, ii)i
of tin: Tie
registered bonds shall be in such form and bear such in-
scriptions as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct, and
shall be signed by the Regfcter of the Treasury, or ior the
Register, by ^uch'person or persons as may be specially des-
ignated foi that puiposc by the Secretary of the Tr !a->ury,
and shall bear, as evidence of lawful issue, the imprint of
the seal ofthe Treasury Departmentyto be made'under the
direction of the Secretary, in a room set apart especially
and exclusively for that purpose under the care of some
person appointed directly by him, See. ■
My object in offering this amendment*^ to res-
cue the red seal of the Treasury from the print-
ing department of the Treasury. It may not be
known to all the members of the House that the
whole of these interest-bearing notes are printed
in the. Treasury Department. The name of the
Treasurer, Mr. Spinner, is not written by Mr.
Spinner, but printed in the Treasury. The name
of Mr. Chittenden is not written by him, but
printed in the Treasury building. Indeed, the ten
dollar bill which I hold in my hand is manufac-
tured exclusively in the Treasury printing office.
The1 red seal, which was the last guard and pro-
tection which the public had, is affixed by print
in the very heart and bosom of the printing office
in the Treasury. The object of my amendrhent
is to take that red seal from the printing office of
the Treasury and place it in a room exclusively
set apart for that purpose, under the direct control
of an appointee of the Secretary of the Treasury.
I do not see any objection that there can be maue
to the amendment. It will be a great guard to the
Treasury, and 1 hope it will receive the support of
both sides of the House.
Mr? HOOPER, I doubt whether that amend-
ment is necessary. It appears to me that the
mere offering of the amendment will be sufficient.
We have confidence in the Secretary of the
Treasury that he will do whatever is necessary
to prevent the possibility of any fraud of this
character. I doubt the propriety of the House
prescribing such a provision as this.
Mr. PRICE. I would ask whether the Secre-
tary of the Treasury ever sees these notes?
Mr. BROOKS. Never, never.
Mr. PRICE. I think there ought to be some
check, some guard.
Mr. HOOPER. I haveconfidenccthattheSec-
letary of the Tieasury will furnish all necessary
checks, and he can doit better than this House can.
Mr. ASHLEY. I trust the amendment will
be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. BROOKS. I dcsiie to call attention to this
clause ofthe sixth section:
And the coupons attached to such bond? shall bear the
enguivcd Mgnatme of the Register of the Treasury, and
Mich other device or safeguard against counterfeiting as
the Secretary may approve; and it is hereby declared that
all bonds heietotore issued, bearing ibo signature of the
Register, shall have the same toice, effect, and validity as
if Mgned ako by the Treasurer, and all bonds bearing the
hiyiiatuie of the Regi-tei, cnoncously described as Tteas-
urerofthe United .States, shall have th« same force, va-
Iiditv, and effect as if his oflieial designation had been
conectly stated.
I wish the gentleman who reported this bill
would tell me what is the use of that phrase " cr-
loneously described as Treasurer of the United
States."
Mr. HOOPER. I understand that there were
a number of bonds issued on which the name of
the Ticasurer of the United States was put in the
place where the Register of the Treasury had
been in the habit of signing his name. The Re-
gister signed those bonds over the printed signa-
ture of the Treasurer of the United States. The
mistake was not discovered until the bonds had
been issued, and the .object of this provision is to
make that signature legal.
Mr. BROOKS. The explanation is perfectly
satisfactory, and this proposed legislation is wise
and just; but this illustrates the necessity of the
utmost care in the printing of the public money.
We are called upon here to correct by public
statute an error of the printer. The correction is
indispensably necessary.
Mr. HOOPER. Not an error of the printer.
Tile printing was correct, but this signature was
written m the wrong place.
-Mr. BROOKS. Yes , sir; an error of the printer.
The name of Mr. Chittenden was printed in the
wrong place.
Mr. HOOPER. The signatures \ipon these
bonds are written.
Mr. BROOKS. No, sir, not a signature is
written; they are all printed.
