1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2233
No. 276, to secure to persons in the military or
naval service of the United States homesteads
upon confiscated or forfeited "estates in insurrec-
tionary districts, the question being on engross-
ment and third reading.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. JULIAN. I am about to move the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill. 1 am
willing, however, to yield the floor to any gentle-
man who may desire to debate it. I understood
there were several gentlemen who did intend to
speak upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana whether the operation of
this bill is intended to apply to estates that may
be confiscated in any of the States of the Union?
Mr. JULIAN. It only relates to confiscated
lands in the insurrectionary districts.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I
had desired to say something upon this question,
but I did not anticipate that the question would
come before the House this morning. If the
gentleman from Indiana desires to have the ques-
tion taken to-day, I shall be compelled to enter
my objections against the passage of the bill.
The'SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York that he has already
spoken one hour upon this bill in one of the even-
ing sessions.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I have not, sir.
The SPEAKER. The remarks were upon
other subjects, but they were delivered during
the debate on this bill. That is the recollection
of the Chair.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I have spoken
but once during an evening session, and that was
on the bill reported by the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Dayis] to secure a republican form of
government to the rebellious States. I think the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands [Mr.
Julian] will recollect that I have had nothing to
say whatever on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may be in ei ror.
Mr. JULIAN. That is true. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] has not
spoken on this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoik is correct.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I will say to the
gentleman fiom Indiana that if he desires to take
the question to-day 1 will submit what few re-
marks I have to make in opposition to the bill.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, since .the reading
of the bill it has struck me that it contains some
extraordinary provisions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is correct in his statement; he has not ad-
dressed the House on the pending proposition.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. If the gentleman
from Indiana desires to go on wiLh the bill now
I presume that I must make my remarks at tills
time.
Mr. KING. I should like to have time to look
into the provisions of this bill befoie the House is
called upon to acton it. ItafFects my State. Tlieie
are a numberof casespendingin thedistrictcourt
of the United States in Missouri in which the con-
fiscation act is enfoiced. It will have a direct
effect on real estate there, so far as it is embraced
by the proceedings under that act.
Mr. JULIAN. I yield the floor to the gentle-
man from New York. I understand the gentle-
man desires to debate the question to-day.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Does the gentle-
man desire to take the question to-day?
Mr. JULIAN. I do.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Then I will be
compelled to go on with what I have to say in
reference to this question now.
Mr. PENDLETON. Does the gentleman from
Indiana yield unconditionally to-, the gentleman
from New York1
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
recognize the gentleman from Indiana as chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it an unconditional
surrender of the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman ran make it
so by objecting.
Mr. PENDLETON. Thou I insist that the
gentleman from Indiana shall yield the floor un-
conditionally.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not object, as I have the
right to close the debate under the rule.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I
think that this bill has not attracted that attention
of the House which its importance demands. I
think that members are not awaie of the gravity
and importance of the principles involved in this
measure. By its title it is "A bill to secure to
persons in the military or naval service of the
United States homesteads on confiscated or for-
feited estates in insurrectionary districts." It is
reported from the Committee on Public Lands,'
and every gentleman who has spoken on the sub-
ject at all has spoken in favor of it. [ believe,
'sir, I am the first member who has expressed an
opinion against it. t
Mr. Speaker, I differ entirely with my col-
leagues on the Committee on Public Lands in ref-
erence to the propriety of its passage. It purports
to be a bill for a patriotic and humane purpose.
In my judgment it is neither patriotic nor humane.
1 am as desirous of going as far as any member
upon this floor in giving full and ample compen-
sation to all persons in the military and naval
service of the United States. I believe if there be
any class of people entitled to the liberality of the
Government, it is that class who aie now in good
faith, and from honest, patriotic motives, defend-
ing, as they honestly think, the flag, the glory,
and the integrity of the country. Gentlemen on
the other side of the House will do us the justice
to say that we have on every occasion during this
Congicss manifested our desire to give to those
personsincreased compensation and to afford their
interests every care and protection. Sir, we voted
here early in the session to pay them til gold or
lis equivalent. I am of the opinion that, includ-
ing the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,]
who it-ported tins bill, every man on that side of
the House voted against that proposition. We
have frequently proposed to increase their pay,
and until within a few days, every man on that
side of the House has voted against it. Since the
commencement of this session, and indeed of the
war, we have manifested a liberal disposition to-
waid the persons in the military and naval ser-
vice of the United States.
Now comes a proposition fiom the Committee
on Public Lands to give them homesteads, not
upon the public domain—no, that is reserved for
railroad purposes and to facilitate speculations—
but upon lands to be acquired by confiscation.
While we have thousands of millions of public
lands, the title of which is indisputably in pos-
session of the Government, and which we are
parting with by the hundreds of thousands at a
sitting^ we refuse to give to the sailors and sol-
diers of those lands, but turn them over to the
teudet mercies of the rebels, and tell them they
shall have those lands after they have conquered
them, provided they remain there and hold them
at the point of the bayonet afterwards. _
I say this is a most extraordinary exhibition of
benevolence and patriotism. You give away to
speculators what you own, but to those whofight
the battles of the country you give what you do
not own and to which you never can acquire, un-
der the Constitution of the United States, a title
beyond the lifetime of the piescnl holder. You
give them homesteads from the confiscated es-
tates. 1 think it is quite well settled by the non-
action of the Senate, upon our resolution passed
here after a struggle in the early part of the ses-
sion, that we cannot, as the Piesident told you
last July, acquire a title to these confiscated es-
tates except after due process of law and after a
compliance with all the measures required by the
Constitution, and then only during the lifetime
of the owner of the estate.
At best, therefore, you propose, to give to the
soldiers and sailors a life estate under pretense
that you are giving them homesteads. You an-
nounce to the world and to these poor men that
you are about to do them justice, that the Con-
gress of the United States is about to confer upon
tliem a great boon and benefit when you know
it is a deception and a falsehood. You are doing
no such thing. Another objection is that by the
bill you hold out ind ueements to the soldier winch
invite,s the worst passions of his nature. ou
urge him by this species of bribeiy to the phys-
ical occupancy and ownership of lands, and thus
induce him to pel petialc acts outsideofthe iu!e.s
of war and legaiclitss of the Coiulilulion, upon
the principle of Fal,enham at New Orleans when
he gave the watchword of " booty and beauty;3'
following that example, you are aroasirig the
darkest passions in order to accomplish a.per-
sonal, a selfish, an avariciou's, and a partisa.n
object. . .
But, sir, as I have suspected from the o,rigin of
this bill, there is a hidden motive in it, noi ex-
pressed by its title, beyond what wojild appear
from the ordinary and cursory reading of.it.- 1
have had but little time to examine it. Although
a member of the committee who reported it, I was
not present at its passage nor at tfie time of ;its
introduction by the committee. And, indeed, I
take this occasion to say, if there is any subject
of a public character I am ignorant upon, it is
everything pertaining to our public lands; and I
suppose it was because I was thus ignorant that
I had the honor to be placed on that committee.
Now, sir, I suspected—and I say it with all due
respect, for I certainly have a respect for the
chairman of our committee—I' suspected, from
the extraordinary zeal and interest which the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] manifested in
this bill, that there was something which did not
appear upon the surface. I suspected there was
an African somewhere, and after some search I
have found him. Benton said of Douglas's Kan-
sas and Nebraska bill, that " it earned a stump •
speech in its belly," so this carries a little nigger
in its belly. It is there, and I think I can make
it apparent to this House.
In section four the bill provides that "all per-
sons who are laborers"—not soldiers, not sailors,
not the men who are bravely hazarding life and
I liberty with muskets in their hands in defense of
their country—but laborers are to enjoy these
homes. That fixes a class not designated in the
title. It includes laborers, who we all know are
persons employed in the remotest degree by the
military, and allows them to derive the same bene-
fits and the same advantages from the enjoyment
of these homesteads or confiscated estates that the
soldier and the sailor are to have.
Then, again, in the eighth section itis provided
that " no distinction shall be made on account of
color or race." There is the nigger, sir. The
laborer is to have these lands, and of course it is
the freedmen, for there are no other laborers but
black men. The gentleman from-lndiana intends
to provide for his black friends under the pretext
of doing a patriotic and humane act in behalf of
our soldiers and sailors, who are risking every-
thing in defense of their country.
Now, Mr. Speaker,1 will go as far as any man
in works of humanity, benevolence, and kindness,
and that is why I should like to rescue this poor,
unfortunate race from the mistaken philanthropy
and benevolence of those who are using its mis-
fortunes for partisan objects and purposes. I do
believe—and in saying this I wish it to be under-
stood that I speak for no one but myself—that the
direst curse and misfortune that has fallen upon
that race has been the incorporation of their in-
terests into the politics of the country, whereby
they have been made a football for the ambition
of white men to the destruction of their moral and
physical well-being.
Sir, had I the power I would rescue this unfor-
tunate race, not from their masters at the South,
but from the partisan designs and mistaken phi-
lanthropy of the North. They were taken from
a state of barbarism, and I might almost say of
cannibalism, and by slavery so much decried have
been made in the main an honest, happy, intelli-
gent, producing class, whose wants, from the in-
terests and the necessities of the case, have been
well supplied.
This bill in effect provides that after white
men with arms in their hands have possessed
themselves of these lands, they are to be given to
the slaves, who are to till them, not for theirown
benefit, but, according to the example of the last
two years, during wjiich freedmen have been
worked as slaves never were, for the benefit of
northern speculators and philanthropists. The
fat lands of the South are to be worked by the
black man, not for his own advantage, but for the
advantage of those who have " official privilege"
to enjoy the fruits of his labor. This is the kind-
ness, the humanity, the benevolence that is to be
exhibit! d toward this poor, unfortunate race!
But, Mr. Speaker, 1 have an objection yet more
gtavc to this bill, and that is that it is based upon
