1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOOPER. I understand differently. The
printing was correct* but the Register signed his
name where the Treasurer should have signed his.
Mr. BROOKS. In order to make the amend-
ment perfect there should be added the words
"as before directed."
Mr. HOOPER. There is no objection to that.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOOPER moved, to amend section eight
by inserting in the twelfth line, before the word
"issues," the words "or equivalent'," so as to
make the amendment read:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be itjmthcr enacted^ That the Secretary of
the Tieasury is hereby authorized to issue, upon such terms
and under *>uch regulations a  he amy from time to time
prescribe, registered bonds in exchange for, and in lieu of,
any coupon bonds which have been or may hereafter be
lawfully iSMieil; such registered bonds to be similar in all
respects. to the registered bonds issued under the nets au-
thorizing the issue of tire coupon bonds offered for ex-
change. And for all mutilated, defaced, or indorsed coupon
or other bonds presented to the Department, the Secretary
of the'i'reusury is authorized to issue, upon such terms and
under regulations as aforesaid, and in substitution there-
for, other bond* of hke or equivalent issues.
TJhe amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, I move to amend the eighth
eection by inserting after the word "due" the
words ** or presented fgr conversion under any act
of Congress,"
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 move to amend further in
the same section by inserting in the fifth line,
after the word u corporations," the words " other
than the person or corporation."
The motion was adopted.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend further the
came section by inserting in the eighteenth line,
after the word "indebtedness," the words "or
direct the conversion of the same if convertible."
The amendment was adopted.
The section, as amended, reads:
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That whenever any
bond, Tieasuiy note, or certificate of indebtedness of the
United States which shall be presented to tiie tfecretaiy
of the Treasury for payment, being due or presented tor
conversion tinder any act oi Congress, isliaif be or &hafi
luivc been claimed b\ any person or corporation other than
the peison or corporation in whose possession the same
filial! he, by filing a caveat \\ ith the Secretary ot the Treas-
ury agairict the pajment of the same, the Seeretaiy of the
Treasury shall notily such claimant in writing of the fact
of such piesentatiou and require him within a reasonable
titne, to be prescribed by the Secretary ot th.c Treasury,
to commence pioceedmgafor the adjudication of the claim
helore s>onn' court of competent juti^dietion,and to trans-
mit a duly certified copy of the bill or eompJaint to the
Seeretaiy of the Trcn^uiy. And In case of the failure of
such claimant to comply with such icquiroincnt, the Sec-
retary of the Trcasmy shall make payment to the paity m i
possession of and pi eventing such bond, Ticasury note, !
or certificate of indebtedness or ducct the conversion of I
the same it convoitible,a« though no such eontestingchum ■
had been made oi caveat filed. Hut tins act shall not be j
construed to compel the Secretary of the Ti'>a<«ury to su*<- i
pond the pajmont of coupons detached lioiu bonds by j
Whomsoever presented. ;
Mr. KERNAN. I will suggest that there
should be an amendmentin the twelfth hnc. The
bill provides very properly thai the person who
makes claim fot a bond outstanding which he may
present, against which payment protest has been
made, as i suppose, on theground thatithas been |
stolen or fraudulently obtained, "shall be re- I
quired within a reasonable time, to be prescribed i
by the Secretary of the Treasury, to commence i
proceedings for the adjudication of the claim be- j
fore some court of competent jurisdiction, and to
transmit a duly certified copy of the bill or com- j
plaint to the Secretary of the Treasury." Now, i
X think there should be inserted after the word
"juitsdieiion," and I move to insert the words,
"and to give satisfactory security to pay any
damages occasioned by delay of payment and
costs of suit." I think that should be made in
older to prevent persons from making fictitious
claims from malicious motives to prevent the pay-
ment of sums projksily due.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section ten was read, as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it fuitkcr enact cd, That the necew-ary
expenses of engraving, piloting, preparing, and issuing the
United State-- nolo'., Treasury note-, fractional notes, and
bonds, ncteby authorized, and of disposing of the same to
bUbscriber-s and purchasers, shall be paid out of any inunej
in the Treasury not otherwise uppropuat* d ; hut the whole
amount theieofshall not exceed one pei cent, on tiie amount
of notes and bonds i-sstud.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish to call the attention of
the honojable g<-nt!eman liom Massachusetts to ■
the last clause of that section, which says that the
whole amount to be paid for the printing of these
bonds shall not exceed one per cent, upon the
whole amount issued. I think the gentleman
from Massachusetts is a little at a loss in his fig-
ures here. One per cent, upon §400,000,000 would
be $4,000,000, or for the $600,000,000 which in
the aggregate is provided for in the bill, there is
an amount of $6,000,000 set apart to pay the cost
of printing. Now, I can hardly believe the gen-
tleman intended to set apart so large a sum for
that purpose.
Mr. HOOPER. That is as it came from the
Department. I had not particularly examined that
clause.
Mr. BROOKS, I hope the gentleman will move
to reduce the percentage, and will give me the
cred it of being a useful watch-dog of the Treasury.
Mr. HOOPER. I will then move to strike out
the latter clause of the section altogether and leave
it at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no; I hope not. What-
ever confidence 1 may have m the Secretary of
the Treasury I would prefer that there should be
some limit to these expenses.
Mr. HOOPER. On looking further at the sec-
tion i will withdraw my amendment altogether.
I see that it provides for not only the expenses
but all costs of issue and sale, which may amount
to perhaps one per cent, 1 understood the gen-
tleman from New York to say that it was for
printing only, and I made my proposition rather
upon the gentleman's statement instead of reading
the sectton itself.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, Una becomes
a most soiious matter, and I call the attention of
the House to it. The other day in an appropri-
ation bill wc appropriated $440,000, in the very
last appropriation bill which went through this
House, for the printing of public money. 1
thought that that sum would be sufficient, but
here in this section turns up a provision for the
necessary expenses of engraving, printing, pre-
paring, and issuing the United States notes, Treas-
ury notes, fractional notes, and bonds, the whole
amount whereof is not to exceed one per cent,
on the amount of notes and bonds issued. I re-
peat that there are $400,000,000 of bonds to be
issued under this hill; there are $425*760,750 to
be issued under the third section of this act; and
$84,401,499 to be appropiiated as payment of the
temporary loan of $150,000,000. For issuing
those we put at the disposition of the Secretary
of the Treasury $0,0(10,000; for printing Treasury
notes one per cent, upon $400,000,000 is not
$400,000, but $4,000,000. _
Mr. ASHLEY. This is not only for engrav-
ing and printing, butforall the expensesattending
them; for disposing of the same to subscribers and
purchasers, &c.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it to be that much, $4,000,-
000 for $400,000,000? I will print the public
money for one half o( that price. If you will re-
move all of the penalties I will print it for one
tenth, and give $1,000,000 for the privilege. 1 think
that the first impulsc'of the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts was right. Let us understand whether
the expense of printing $400,000,000 is to be
$4,000,000.
Mr. ASHLEY. It is not that much for print-
ing; it is $4,000,000 for all the expenses.
Mr. BROOKS, is it to be $4,000,000?
Mr. ASHLEY. Does the gentleman know of
any way of procuring loans for less than one per
cent. ?
Mr. BROOKS. If gentlemen are disposed to
put $4,000,000 in this section let it be understood.
Let the record be made. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Cleik read, as follows:
Or if any person {-hall print, photograph, or in any other
manner make or execute, or camc to bo printed, photo-
graphed, or in any manner made or rxccuted, or sdiall aid
m punting, photographing, making, or executing any cn-
gtnvmgi phoioginpb, or other print or impresMOit in the
iikeues-sor similitude of nn> obligation or other securitj ,
01 any p,u t or pait? tnoieof, or sdiall vend or«ei! any such cn~
Riavm#, photograph, pi mt, or other nnpicsMon,except to the
United States," or shall bring into the United States from
any foreign place any tueh en^ruMng, photograph, print,
or othei impifssion, except by the dneetion ot some proper
officei of the United States, oi hhall have or retain in his
custody or posses-ion, alter a distinctive paper shall have
b 'c;n adoptt d by the fc'ecretary or the Treasuiy foi obliga-
tions- and othei securities of the Untied States*, any similar
paper adapted to I he making ot any such obligation or other
tecumy, except undo authouty of the sSecietary of the
Treasury or some ptU«5B:p>roper officer of the UmtoKTStitJes,
fvery person offending sbalj be deemed jrfilHyrofbfctatiy*
and shall, on. conviction, thereof, be pun tatted byjane-jwH
exceeding. $§,$00,-or hy imprisonment and cqnfiuaihetfUH
hard labor, not exceeding fifteen years, or by both, seoerd'
ing to the aggravation of the oiTensev , , ■ ;
Mr. DAVIS, of New York; 1 move ttrtftrtfcb
out the words " according to the a^gravaupu-^f
the offense," and insert in lieu thereof Use#e
words, "in the discretion of the court.• ! ?Uo
that for this reason: according iq (h* hill tfiere&( -
no modeof determining the degree of aggravation,
and the whole thing is left to the discretion of
the court, and with that discretion* it should
invested by the terms of the act.
The amendment was agreed to. ' !"
The Clerk read, as follows*.
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That If any person
haying control,custody,orpossesslon of anyplate or plates
from winch any obligation or other security, or any part
thereof, shall have been printed, or which shall liayfe-beefi
prepared for the purpose of printing any such obligajion,Qr
other security, or any part thereof, shall use such plate oj
plates, or knowingly suffer the same to be used for the'pur-
(>o*e of printing any such or similar obligation or other
security, or any part thereof, &e,
Mr. ASHLEY moved to insert after the word
"prepared" these words, "uhder direction frorn
the Treasury Department."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mv. DAViS, of New York. I move toWike
out the words " or shall print, or cause to be
printed, any letters, figures, or devices with erreen
ink, or with any green color or pigment. I
move this amendment for this reason: it is well
known in many portions of this country the banks,
for a long time past, have printed their notes with
this green color. They have gone to great ex-
pense to circulate notes of that character; and i
think that it would be unjust and oppressive to
those institutions to prohibit the use of the notes
now existing or which may hereafter be issued.
I do not believe that this is necessary for the
protection of the Government. The United States
notes are engraved and prepared in a way dis-
similar from those issued by State authority. The
Government has the entire control of the mode in
which these notes ar^ prepared, and this bill pro-
vides for the punishment of those who imitate it.
The words I propose to strike out are not neces-
sary, and will only operate oppressively upon
these institutions.
Mr. BROOKS. The banks of New York and
Pennsylvania which have been printing their notes
in tins green color are to be subjected to heavy
penalties under this bill. It is the same species
of legislation that took place on the gold bill the
other day, in which it was enacted that any per*
son who deals in foreign exchange or gold.shall
be subjected to a large fine, and if not paidj-eon-
signed' instantly to prison. There is consistency
in this legislation. A large portion of the circu-
lation of New York, fend all the circulation of the
Pennsylvania new free banking system is in
greenback notes; and I would hke to see some
Pennsylvanians and New Yorkers tried and con-
victed for circulating them as currency, and some
of them doomed to hard labor, some of them to
ten years' imprisonment and a fine of $10,000.
There is nothing like consistency in legislation
whenever you enter upon this system of legisla-
tion in regard to colors, or anything of that kind.
By and by you will prohibit ladies from wearing
green shawls, green bonnets, or green articles of
any kind whatever.
i insist upon it, as it is necessary for me to op-
pose the amendment, that our legislation through-
out be consistent from the beginning to the end;
and we are indebted to the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts for ins consistency. It is
of the sameaorland character of his gold bill,and
should receive the same sort of support and encour-
agement. It is legislation against public inter-
est, public fooling, public duty, public customs,
public fashions, and public and private rights;
and to be consistent this legislation should bo
thoroughlycarried out. I am therefore opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill having been read through, the commit-
tee returned to the consideration of the second
section of the bill, passed over informally, the
pending amendment being the following substi-
tute for the section offered by Mr. Pombroy;
Sf,c. 0. Jlnd be it futther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Tieasury may issue, upon the credit of the Untied
