1864.
v/
fKr. Fernando Wood] enlightened us with the
facts that Great Britain, under a system of paper
money, accumulated a debt off4,000,000,000; that
in the three or four last years of a war extending
over a period of a quarter of a century, her sys-
tem of taxation was so far improved as to yield,
I think, from half to two thirds annually of the
means to carry on the war, while only one third
to a half was derived from loans; and he also in-
formed us that Great Britain, after all tfcis long
period of paper money and enormous accumula-
tion of debt, has now the most perfect financial
system in the world. 1 certainly will not deny
the truth of his statements; and I thank the gen-
tleman for presenting them to the House. I hope
we shall learn wisdom from the study of this ex-
perience of Great Britain, and improve, upon it,
and when peace is established that we shall be
equally ready to make any sacrifices that may be
necessary to put our finances and currency upon
the soundest basis. But until peace comes, with
its attendant blessings, I trust that no exertion
will be spared, no sacrifice be withheld, and none
of the energies of the nation be relaxed to con-
quer and overcome this rebellion, whatever it may
cost.
I believe it was not only a wise measure to au-
thorize the issue of the legal-tender notes, but that
it was the only measure that could have been
adopted with safety. The loan bill, including
the issue of legal-tender notes, the national bank
act, and the tax law were recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury as the three measures
ta be relied upon to carry the nation through the
financial difficulties of this war. The last Con-
gress cnactcd them, and it is the duty of the pres-
ent Congress to do all in its power to pcrfect them.
They certainly have worked successfully thus far,
and I trust all attempts to perfect them will meet
with a generous support from the House.
This bill presents many amendments of the bill
of the last Congress, but most of them are of a
verbal character, with the view of making the
meaning of the law more clear and distinct, to
avoid misunderstanding and different construc-
tions. It contains also some amendments of a
more important and substantial character, to
which I will call attention. The bill has had the
benefit of a year's experience of the working of
the present law, and of most careful study and
thought by the able, sound, and accomplished
banker who occupies the position of Comptroller
of the Currency. It has ^Iso been carefully ex-
amined by the Secretary of the'Treasury, as well
as by the Committee of Ways and Means.
One of the purposes of the amendments is to re-
move objections made by the State banks to the
presentlaw, which m some cases are well ground-
ed, and in many others are only apprehensions
in regard to the possible construction of the lan-
guage of the law, and of its unintended but pos-
sible effects. It will be noticed that one section
provides for the Bank of Commerce, in the city
of New York, to be organized as one of the na-
tional banks, in the only way in which that bank
could organize under the law; that is, by remov-
ing, in regard to that bank, the individual liabil-
ity of its stockholders for the debts of the bank,
for the reason tha^ one of the articles of associa-
tion under which the bank was formed,and which
cannot be changed, was that no stockholder should
be liable beyond the amount invested by him in
the stock of the bank. My own preference would
be to strike out the individual liability clause al-
together from this bill, as the circulation is made
secure, under ail circumstances, by the pledge of
Government bonds for its security, and their re-
demption by the Government provided for if the
bank fails to redeem them. Having thus made
the circulation secure, I think the other creditors
have sufficient security in the paid-up capital of
the bank, and beyond that they are as well able
to take care of themselves as the stockholders,
who, in a majority of instances, in a bank that
has been long in existence, are persons retired
from business, females, minors, trustees, guard-
ians, and charitable institutions.
One of the most important amendments of this
bill is the provision that every bank shall redeem
its circulation at some one of the commercial
cities named in the bill, as well as at its own
counter; so that no note can be in circulation that
is not redeemable at par in one of the ten or twelvo
commcrcial centers of the country. So long as
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
that is the case, and whSe at the same time they
are receivable at par for all dues to the Govern-
ment, except duties on imports, none of their
notes can be at any considerable discount in any
part of the country.
Another important amendment is making the
maximum rate of interest uniform at seven per
cent., instead of leaving it as now to be deter-
mined by the legal rate at the place where the bank
is located. The only objection I have heard to
this was from a gentleman who informed me that
the legal rate in his State was twenty-four per
cent.; therefore no bank would be organized there
under this law if they could not charge more than
seven per cent, for money. I should prefer to
make six per cent, the maxinium rate of interest,
believing that to be as much as capital should ever
be allowed to take from the industry and labor
that makes the capital profitable.
If a man uses his own capital in any employ-
ment which he carries on, he gets the profit of the
capital and of the industry which he applies to
that employment; but if he has not the industry
or the inclination to work, whether it arises from
infirmities or any other cause, and loans his money
to those who are inclined and able to labor, six
percent, seems to me a full and fairjeompensation
for his share of the result, and is as much as any
stable employment can afford to pay for the use of
money. A higher rate of interest benefits and
stimulates speculation more than it benefits the
regular employment of the industry of the coun-
try.
Another amendment limits the minimum capital
of any bank at ยง100,000, instead of $50,000, as in
the present bill, and requires fifty per cent, of the
capital to be paid in before business is commenced,
and ten per cent, in each succeeding month there-
after. Another is that each director must be the
owner of at least ten shares of the capital stock.
There are other amendments of less conse-
quence, to which I will call attention as they come
before the House to be acted upon.
Mr. BROOKS obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. SPALDING, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, Mr. Brandegee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
state of the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the bill of the House (No. 333)
to provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States stocks and to provide for the cir-
culation and redemption thereof, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPALDING, (at
fifteen minutes past four o'clock, p.m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 24, 1SG4.
Piayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
Thejournal ofyesterduy was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills, which were yesterday signed
by the Speaker of the House of Representatives:
A bill (S. No. 25) to authorize the President to
negotiate a treat}' with the Klamath, Modoc, and
other Indian tribes of southeastern Oregon; and
A bill (H. R. No. 299) to provide for carrying
the mails from the United States to foreignports,
and for other purposes.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New Jersey in favor of the em-
ployment of the Billingiiurst and Requa battery
in the public service; which were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a memorial
of the mayor and common council of the city
of Jeffersonville, Indiana, praying for the location
of an armory and navy-yard at that place; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of M.
S. Beach, proprietorof the New York Sun, pray-
ing for the remission of the tax on that paper for
the 29th of March instant, so that the entire pro-
ceeds of the paper on that day, including receipts
for advertisements, may be given to the* sanitary1
fair; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of Baptiste Peoria, a member of the confederate
bands of Peoria, Piankeshaw, ICaskaskia, artd
Wea Indians, praying for the passage of an act
giving him the Bame power to contract and be
contracted with, to sue and be sued in courts of
justice, as if he were a citizen of the United States;
and providing that where he bought land from
members of his tribe prior to any regulations on
the subject, and paid a fair price for it, and had
taken a deed therefor, such title shall be good and
effectual; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE presented a memorial of the
Chamber of.Commerce of the city of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, praying for the passage of a general
bankrupt law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin in favorof aid in the construc-
tion of railroads running from Sioux City, in the
State of Iowa, through St. Paul to Hudson, on
the St. Croix lake, and thence to Superior or Bay-
field, on Lake Superior; which was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS presented a petition of citizens
of Contra Costa county, California, praying that
they may be authorized by law to institute legal
proceedings to try the validity of their titles to
certain lands settled and occupied by them; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.'
PRINTING OF A MEMORIAL.
Mr. FOOT. I move the printing of the memo-
rial presented yesterday morning by the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Ten Eyck] from citizens
of the city of Washington, praying an appropri-
ation for the cleaning out of the Washington
canal and for other purposes of a sanitary char-
acter. As it contains important information, I
move that the memorial be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT FOR GOOD FRIDAY.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next. To-morrow is Good Friday, and I do not
think the Senate is in the habit of sitting on that
day.
The motion was not agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
149) granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid
in the construction of a military road from Port-
land to Dalles City, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Legislature of
Kansas, m favor of a grant of lands to that Slate
in lieu of the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
of the public lands sold for the benefit of certain
Indian tribes, submitted an adverse report thereon,
which was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-.
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 191) for the relief of Baptiste Peoria;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 192) to amend an act entitled "An act
for a grant of lands to the State of Kansas, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads and telegraphs in said State;"
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HARLAN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill explanatory of the
tenth section of an act to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands of the Uni-
ted States, approved the 13th day of May, 1862.
MESSAGE J?KOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
