IB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman fropa Indiana could
find no reason for the construction which Judge
JfUory gives, bat that eminent jurist does find a
good and satisfactory reason for the limitation of
the punishment, mid he gives it in the extract
which has just been read. There can be no greater
reason against extending a penal law than the fact
that such extension will work harm to the inno-
cent and eficourage tyranny, rapacity, cruelty,
and murder. To say nothing of the impolicy of
breaking down allegiance to the Government by
such a system of injustice, the reasons I have
quoted are sufficient to answer all that the gentle-
Than from IndiaYia 1ms said in favor of his con-
struction.
Mr. ORTH. WiH the gentleman allow me to
ask him a single question: whether he takes the
position that this bitl'ipow before us, or any pend-
ing amendments to it, will work corruption of
blood ?
Mr. COX, This bill, with the pending amend-
ments?
Mr. ORTH. Yes, sir. Will it work corrup-
tion of Mood?
Mr. COX. It cannot work corruption of blood
under our Constitution. There can be no such
thing as coiruption of blood.
Mr. ORTH. I ask the gentleman furthermore
whether the authority read from Judge Story
does not apply, and do not his remarks apply, to
the fact of corruption of blood?
Mr. COX. It applies to this very clausc of the
Constitution:
" Congress shall have power to declare the punishment
of tieason, but no attainder of treason shall work corrup-
tion of blood or forfeiture except during the life of the per-
son attainted."
Tt is on that that Judge Story is commenting.
The gentleman argued that there had been abuses
with regard to corruption of blood and forfeiture
of estates. Persons had been found guilty of trea-
son alter death, and estates had been forfeited after
tin* person attainted had died. Monstrous abuses
had grown in consequence of declaring the blood
to be attainted after death; men were so black-
oiled by the attaint that they could not transmit
an inheritance to their descendants. Premising
th«'se facts of history, the gentleman argued that
the object of this mooted clause of our Constitu-
tion was to prevent such abuses. That was the
mam point of the gentleman's argument. That
it is a gross fallacy 1 shall demonstrate. He said,
and saui very truly-—
" In further suppoit of my poviiinn, lot me udveit tothe
fact that hi Kngl.md, ton;; pnoi to mid at the adoption oi
our Cuuaitmioii, aU.uudi'i of tu>.i«on ufu-rthe deuth of the
Huppo<« ii tjiiito! (I mean his natural death before trial or
even aeeiwumn) wa« ol lieqtieni occurrence. Tins w:w ii
inowtslioii". dorjrnH', Mine King to eveiy pi ineipli of ju^Uee
upon u Iiieli lite criminal code louuded, to aeonse a man
of eume alter death, when in>noi< to speak for l n inno-
eenee, to pioceed to tnal and judgment, io wieM liom hi-
noccnt hands thai property which by law upon hi- death
de-crnded to and vested in hi* heir-,, :md foi I'eit their prop-
erty, and nor his ptoperty, to the Government tot he> j up-
j)u- ed ciiiiiiimI conduct. I* if not moie just and lon-wi-
nltle to •suppose that the Constitution ititended to emhracc
and piovide against this moiHtmns perversion ot natural
justice than that it intended so .ibsiud a ptopiwtion as That
the fnt leaui e ol estate vjumld onlv he lor that InUef period
of lime l>ehvee« .sentence of death and lis execution
I answer the question the gentleman puts by say-
ing that it is monstrous, that it is a great and
grievous wrong thus to attaint a man and forfeit
-iiis estate after his death. The history of England
in that regard is red with blood and black with
cruelty. But fn>n  it our fathers learned a lesson.
To stain theniemoiy alter death, to coriuptthe
blood after it had eea.sed to pulsate, and to "rob
the innocent posterity of the iuhentancu which,
by the laws of the realm, had descended to and ;
vet-ted in them, as the lawful descendants of their
ancestor," was so levohmg to every sense of
right and justice that 1 join with the gentleman in
execrating such baseness. The creative minds
which gave form, hie, beauty and symmetry to
our Federal system did not tolerate such barba-
rous codes. They saw these monstiosities. Ay,
sir, and in our matchless Constitution they pro-
vided against theiroccunence here m this fnv and
hi iter country; but nut by tnc cluusc to which the
genlUmun would r$fer. If the gentleman bad icad
tho Constitution and I he authoritative commentary
a little further, he would have found in that clause
of the Constitution which says that "no bill of
attainder or ex post facto law shall be passed"the
solution of the problem he discussed. He would
then have seen how amply our fathers guarded
against those monstrous abuses of power which
reached into the tomb and dishonored and disin-
herited'those who surviving mourned. The ar-
gument of the gentleman is answered by referring
him to that sweeping clause of the Constitution
against all attainders. Judg;e Story says,in speak-
ing of that very clause:
" Such acts have been often resorted to in foreign Govern-
ments as a common engine of State ; and even m England
they have been pushed to the most extravagant extent in
bad times, reaching as well to the absent and the dead as to
the living. Sir Edward Coke has mentioned it to be among
the transcendent powers of PaiHanient thai an act may be
passed to attaint a man after he is death And the reigning
monarch, who was slain at Bosworth, ia said to have been
attainted by an act of Parliament a Jew months after hh
death, notwithstanding the absurdity of deeming him at
once in possesion of the throne and a traitor. The pun-
ishment has often been inflicted without calling upon the
party accused to answer, or without even The formality of
proof, and sometimes because the law in its ordinary course
of proceedings would acquit the offender. The injustice
and iniquity of such acts m general constitute an mcsist-
ible argument aganiht the existence of the power. In a
free Government it would be intoleiable, and m the hands
of a reigning faction it might be, and probably would he,
abused to the ruin and death ot the moist vinuouscm/.ens.
Bills of this sort have been most usually passed in England
in times of rebellion, oi of gro^s subserviency to the Crown,
or of violent political excitements—periods in which all
nations aie most liable (as well the f ee the enslaved) to
forget their dut e« and to trample upon the rights and liber-
ties of others."—3 Story, p. 210.
The wrong complained of by the gentleman,
and for which he finds a remedy in another clause
which he supposes was intended to limit the pro-
ceedings and not the forfeiture of estate to the life
of the person attainted, being thus amply provided
against in this clause of the Constitution against
bills of attainder,—what other intention or use can
there be for the clause in controversy except to
limit the forfeiture of the estate during the life of
the person attainted?
I have agreed with the gentleman from Indiana
in condemning, with all the severity of language,
the attaint after death and the robbingof the inno-
cent children, who would legally take the estate.
But, as a matter of enlightened law, public de-
cency, and Christian morality, I cannot perceive
how such a case differs from the bill before us,
which he sustains, which proposes to despoil the
children of their inheritance for the crime of the
parent. Does it make the one a heinous wrong
that the attaint is after death and the property had
already descended by statute? No, sir; the out-
rage in both cases consists in robbing the helpless
and weak,in punishing the innocontfor the guilty.
To prevent this, in the interestofsociety and in the
sacred nameof the family,and to save, the innocent
fiom shame as well as from want, our Constitu-
tion declares that the forfeiture should not go be-
yond the life of the person attainted. The giave
shall hide his shame. The child shall begin its
life clear from stain, unsullied from the attaint of
its parent's life, and tfie inheritance it "had ex-
pected from the physical source of its beini? should
not be snatched away by unhneal hands or tyran-
nic rapacity.
Tooabundantly does histoi y cumulate the proof
of the unwisdom of such legislation as that pro-
posed by this bill. Such legislation is the pre-
mium which has ever been offered by power to
the cormoiants who cling to it, in order to perpet-
uate itself by sharing in the plunder, it is the
rewaid which the dominant dynasty alwaysgives
to the gilded flies which buzz about the corpse of
its victim to fatten on its corruption. Pei haps the
saddest illustrations which this evil time will fur-
nish of its lustful degeneracy, will be the clamor-
ing of the pat tisafi spies, informers, and meicena-
rivs, who, too cowardly to meet the enemy in
light, will foliosv in the wake of our armies to
speculate upor. the plantations and estates which
the rebellion lias forfeited, but which the Consti-
tution in its beautiful benignity would have saved
to the innocent inheritor.
Is it necessary to add furtherauthority as to the
impolicy or unconstitutionality of this hill? I
might appeal to the writngsof the gentleman who
has been employed by the Secretary of War to
codify the laws of war. I mean the Dr. Francis I
Lieber who wrote bo well of public law and hb- I
city before he had official employment. I could I
read from his volume on "Civil Liberty" to show [
the scope and spirit of that part of the Constitution j
under debate. He says i( that the tiue protection
of individual property demands likewise the ex-
clusion of confiscation"  
Mr. STEVENS. As the gentleman from Ohio
is discussing a grave matter, let me ask him a
question.
Mr. COX. Certainly, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. The Constitution provides
thatCongress shall have power to declare the pun- '
ishment of treason; but no attainder of treason
shall work corruption of blood or forfeituie. Now,
has not Congress power to punish other than by-
attainder, and if that other punishment is the for-
feiture of estate, docs it violate the first clause of
the Constitution ?
Mj\ COX. -I answer the gentleman by refer-
ring him to the President's message. [Laughter.]
The President in his message to the last Congress •
held that to divest the title forever—" for treason
and ingredients of treason1'—was unconstitu-
tional. You passed the joint resolution to obviate
hisscruples. The gentleman must stand by the
Administration, (charge him with being a traitor
or a secessionist if he now desert Mr. Lincoln.
[Great laughter.] I hope my friend from Penn-
sylvania, after so long hurling his envenomed
shafts of satire against this side of the House be-
cause we did not always sustain the President,
will not himself fail of his loyalty. There may
be other punishments beside the forfeiture; but
the punishment you now propose, and which I
am now discussing, is unconstitutional. So says
the Administration. I proudly stand by the Ad-
ministration. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the gentleman
as not giving his own opinions, but those of Mr.
Lincoln.
Mr. COX. When interrupted, I was giving
the views of others—Judge Story, Judge Curtis,
anil Dr. Lieber. I am not prepared to say J.hat
all of Mr. Lincoln's views on that subject are the
best. 1 only say that they should be binding upon
that side of the House who have so often utged
that failing to sustain the Administration you fail
to sustain the Government. Where, then, do gen-
tlemen stand ? Opposing the constitutional views
of their chief! How handsomely you look be-
fore the country in that capacity, after your phil-
lipics against our disloyalty ! Here is a bill which
involves the very exercise of the highest sover-
eign power, confiscation of the estates of poisons
absolutely, a scheme of forfeiture'involving hun-
dreds, nay, thousands of millions of dollars, or
of landed estates, involving in its consequences
the prolongation of war and the procrastination
of peace, involving the very fate of this Union and
all the immense interests unbound with it to the
latest generations, and about which the President
was so anxious that he took the extraordinary
tiouble to send an admonitory message to prevent
his friends committing a flagrant breach of the
Constitution, advising them that he would veto
the measure for itsgtoss unconstitutionality; yet
gentlemen stand here, after the lapse of a year or
more, and Uy some "'progressive philology"
undertake to convict and censure their own Ex-
ecutive, overrule his matured judgment and oath,
and by failing to give him the required support
on so momentous a measure, become, by their
own cogent logic, traitois to the Government!
Mr. MiOOMALL. The Constitution,punish-
ing treason, allows the alternative of fine and im-
pusonmentto be imposed. If, then, the fine be
le\ied upon the offender's land, and that land is
sold, I want to know whether the purchaser would
only take life estate.
Mr. COX. Certainly, sir. Under an honest
and feat iess judiciary, upholding the Constitution
us the supreme law, he would only get a life
estate. This may bean absurd conclusion; but I
know that Judge Story does not think it absurd,
nor does the history of these confiscations show
it to be absurd. By no scheme or device can you
directly or indirectly forfeit the estate, except in
pursuance of the Constitution.
Mr. BROOMALL. If the same individual
should be indicted befote some couu for stealing
chickens, and fined ten dollars, and his lands sold
for that fine, could the estate be sold in fee?
Mr. COX. If the genrhunan would get a civil
judgment, take out a fieri facias, ahd make a levy,
then I suppose he could Sell the lee, But that
question of stealing chickens does not interest «iy -
constituents, [laughter,] at least those who are
white.
When interrupted by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, I was about to call the attention of the
