1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lived no man was so rash as to dare, under any
circumstances, to say that a President of the Uni-
ted States or any military officer had the light to
invade a soveieign State and to deprive its citi-
zens of the free nght of suffiagc guarantied to
them by their State constitutions. No such at-
tempts were made in those days as have been
made, to the sorrow and to the destruction of the
liberty nf the people, in the days in which we
live.
During the war of 1812 James Madison, who is
sometimes called the Father of the Constitution,
presided over this country; and though the pul-
pits of the North,and the press of theJNorth,and
the public assemblages of the North, and the pub-
lic men of the North denounced him in most un-
measured terms, and while in one section of the
country they were holding the Hartfoid Conven-
tion for purposes, it was believed at the time,
inimical to the true interests of the country, and
while men were charged, and even charged by an
ex-President of the United States from that sec-
tion of the country, with being: engaged in a treas-
onable plot to carry New England out of the
Union, James Madison and the men who then ad-
ministered the affairs of this country never found
it necessary to send the military forces into any
State of the Union to deprive its citizens of the
free exercise of the elective franchise; no presses
were muzzled; no bastilcs were built or filled with
free men; no public speaker, simply becausc, in
the exercise of his clear, constitutional right, lie
dared to dissent from the policy of the Adminis-
tration, was by presidential edict banished to a
hostile country or to a foreign land.
I say, therefore, to the Senator from Michigan,
that the reason why such an act was not asked
for or proposed during the wars to which he has
alluded'was that a different class of men admin-
istered the affairs of this Government, men more
deeply read and men truly read in the history of
constitutional libeity, men who cherished the
principles of constitutional and civil liberty to an
extent that they daied not, in violation of the oaths
which they had taken to preserve and defend the
Constitution of the United States, invade the
rights of the States or of the humblest citizen by
denying to him the right to cast his vote for those
who should administer the Government under
which he lived.
Sir, at a subsequent period jn our history, al-
though I do not recollect that that was distinctly
alluded to by the Senator from Michigan, when
we passed through another foreign war, the war
with Mexico, a man who had read, and deeply
read, the constitutional history of his country,
and who had profited by the examples of the great
and svise men who pAceded him, was President
of the United States, and had wise and patriotic
counselors around him. And although that war,
which was a war with a foreign Power, was de-
nounced as an unjust war, although it was pro-
claimed by a ceuain party thioughout the length
and breadth of this land that the Mexicans were
right and that the people of the United States were
wrongs and although in the State in which I live
men who now are the most blatant. Union men
throughout the land (if you would believe them)
addressed the people and told them that they
would be drafted and carried off to a foreign,un-
just war, and all for the purpose of carrying an
election, no presidential hand, no military hand
was laid even upon the humblest of all the op-
ponents of the Administration then in power.
Speech was free, press was fice, peisoual liberty
was free.
Is it so, sir, to-day? If so, I ask you whence
that moan which comes up upon every breeze
from the heart-stiicken wife and the worse than
orphaned child, whose husband and whose father
has in the dead hour of the night by military
power bee n diagged from home and banished to
a hostile shoier
Is it so, sii, now? If so, why those touching
appeals add tested from cveiy quai ttr of the coun-
try to the Executive Tf this nation and to the
party in power, calling for the release of the hun-
dreds and thousands who groan beneath oppres-
sion's yoke m vcur modern basules, builL nnd
manned to defend the counti y against foreign foes,
but convened m(o prison-houses for the confine-
ment of frcemeu r
I say then, sir, again to the Senator fiom Michi-
gan that the reason wc have had no such enact-
ment in the past as that asked for now is becausc
the circumstanccs of the past are quite different
from those which exist at the present. The con-
stitutional rights of the people were respected;
the right of the people to meet and to petition for
redress of grievances; the right of the people to
discuss the measures of public policy was Re-
spected; and no man in those days was rash
enough or had so little regard for the Constitution
of his countryand the constitutional rights of his
fellow-citizens as to attempt any such practices
as those against which the provisions of this bill
are aimed.
Congress have the constitutional power, I ap-
prehend, to pass this bill, and the question recurs,
ought it to be passed? If there had been no in-
vasion of the rights of the citizen there would be
no impropriety in the passage of the bill, because
it might be possible in the future, and especially
in a time of great civil commotion like this, that
those rights might be invaded, and hence it might
be a wise policy to prepare against an anticipated
or possible evil in the future. But, sir, I do not
place my advocacy of this bill upon such aground
as that. I place it upon the distinct, express, un-
equivocal, and undeniable ground that the rights
of the people in this respect have been invaded, in
some instances destroyed, and that the evil is of
such a magnitude as calls imperatively upon the
Legislature of the country, the Congress of the
United States, to interpose for the protection of
the rights of the citizen.
The Senator from Michigan has confined his
remarks in reference to this aspect of the question
chiefly to a consideration of the cases arising in
the State of Kentucky and in the State of Mary-
land. His allusion to my State was very brief,
although designed to be very severe. Let me say
to that Senator that there is not strength enough
in his puny arm or in the bow which he draws
to reach the "great and mighty" State of Dela-
ware, as he calls her, and no attempted sarcasm
in icference to the State of Delaware by him can
uffcct any one injuriously except him who has
the mshness to attempt it. De gustibus non dis-
putandum est. If it is agreeable to the taste of
the Senator from Michigan thus to indulge in
sarcasm in reference to a State of this Union, I
will not dispute with him as to the propriety or
impropriety of his taste.
Air. President, before I proceed to offer the
proofs in this case arising in my own State, I wish
to lay down one simple proposition which is a de-
nial of the whole basis of the argument of the Sen-
ator from Michigan. lie admits that in times of
peace the Federal Government would have no
right to interfere with the exercise of the elective
franchise in a State; but he contends that in time
of war it may become necessary, and being neces-
saiy, they have the ri^ht to do it.
I was somewhat surprised to hear the Senator
from Michigan refer to such an old-fashioned doc-
ument as that which I now hold in my hand, one
which is so much ignored at the present day, one
whose piovisions are so little reguided by the
present Administration and paity m power; but
he has had, to my utter amazement, I will not
say the rashness, to refer to the Constitution of
the United States. Now, sir, my proposition,
as preliminary to what 1 intend to say on this sub-
ject, is found in that old-fashioned instrument
whose principles are so little regarded by the Sen-
ator anii by this Administiation.
I lay down the proposition that it is not within
the competency of the Federal authorities to in-
tervene in a State of the Union for the put pose of
controlling any of its domestic affairs, or eveu to
suppiess violence, unless they are invited by the
authorities of the State. Section four of the fourth
article of the Constitution declares that " the Uni-
ted States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion; and on ap-
plication of the Lcgisiatuie, orot the Executive,
(when tiie Legislature cannot be convened,)
against domestic violence.'" The pretense, a3 I
gather it, upon which the intervention of themd-
itary in the several States of the Union has been ,i
attemptcd^to be justified is, that it was to prevent ;j
violence by an oppoMiig political paity; that it
was to give to a certain class o{ voters an uppor-
tunity to oxoiciso their rights under the Consti- I
tution of their State; the right to vote, for exam- p
pie, that being the matter now beiorc the Senate, i!
Well, sir, let,<me inquire, by .what authority
the President of the United States undertakes ^
send the military into a State to interfere with'
the freedom of elections. I inquire for the au-
thority of the President of the United States, be{
cause I hold him responsible for all this. As to,
your Schencks and your Bumsides and such lit-
tle brief heroes who make war upon womei^ anc(
children, and upon unarmed citizens, rather than
like brave and chivalrous men meeting the armed
enemy in the field, I deal not with them. - It Is
not with any such pigmies that I deal. I deal
with their master, the man who sits enthroned at
the other end of the avenue, and who U fondly
dreaming of an extension of his authority to rule
and despotically rule over the liberties of a once
free and happy people. Niold the President of
the United States to be the man that is responsi-
ble, because he either gave the orders to his subor-
dinates, or they having been given by his subor-
dinates, he had the right to interfere in behalf of
the citizens to prevent the invasion of their con-
stitutional rights, and he did not do so.
Neither, sir, do I hold responsible for these
transgressions the soldiers of the Army who ex-
ecute these orders, whether made by the Presi-
dent or by his subordinate officers. As soldiers,
they are bound to execute their orders, and I
doubt not that many a true-hearted, brave, and
gallant American soldier, who when he enlisted
in this war thought he was enlisting to fight a
bold and manly enemy in the field, felt himself
humiliated when called upon to go into a quiet,
peaceful neighborhood, and with bayonet charge
upon its peaceful citizens, as has been done in my
State, for no crime, for no offense, but only be-
cause, in the exercise of a clear constitutional
right, they presumedquietly to approach the polls
and offered to exercise their part in selecting those
who were to administer the laws by which they
were to be governed.
Then, sir, where does the President of the
United States get the power to send the military
into aState to interfere with the freedom of elec-
tions, or to send them into a State to do any other
act or thing? Whatever power ho has he derives
from that-section of the Constitution which I have
read, and it is only to be exercised upon the ap-
plication of the Governor of the State when the
Legislature is not in session, or of the Legislature
itself when in session.
Sir, indulge me in another preliminary remark.
Who decides as to the qualification of voters, con-
stitutionally and legally? So far as that right be-
longs to a citizen of a State, it is controlled and
governed exclusively by the constitution and laws
of the State in which he lives. It is not contained
in the Constitution*of the United States. It is
not conferred by the Constitution upon the Pres-
ident of the United States or upon any of his mil-
itary subordinates. When, therefore, he attempts
to exercise it, he does, in the strong but true lan-
guage of the Senator from Kentucky, become a
usurper, and he owes among a free people his im-
punity from visitation of punishment simply to
his power.
Let me ask, sir, why should there be opposi-
tion to this bill? If it is simply to secure a free
and fair election, ifthat be the object of those who
advocate it, why should this bill be opposed?
In case there is any attempt to violate the rig&t
of any citizen of a State, in case there is any ap-
prehension that on the day of election such a thing
may be done, the State authorities are competent
and alone authorized to prevent or redress the
wrong. And in case domestic violence exists or
is immediately threatened to an extent beyond
the control of State authority, the constitutional
right of the Governor or the Legislature of the
respective States would still exist to call upon the
President, under this article of the Constitution I
have referred to, for aid in putting down this do-
mestic violence. The only infeience, therefore,
which I can draw from the opposition to a meas-
ure so wise, so just, so harmless for the purposes
of evil, so effective for the purposes of good, is,
that it may be deemed necessary to perpetuate
power in one political paity organization, and
against the will of the people to keep in power
those who may have abased their trust!
If I discuss this question somewhat desultorily
it arises from the fact that I speak without prepa-
ration, and only from that sense of duty to my
people which the report of this committee and the
