1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%%n
. by it. It is the result of the want of wisdom in
ourselves in not adhering to the theory which we
originally proposed to the people. It is not to be
encountered and put clown with gold bills, by
female dress-reform associations, or old-clothes
societies, it is to be met and to be overcomeby
other instrumentalities. The fact of the notes
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
being legal tenders does not add one single iota
to their value. We have already $800,000,000
of banking and national paper in circulation, and
you may pour §200,000,000 more into it anditis
worth no more; you may pour in ail that the Treas-
ury can issue from this time on to the end of the
year and the whole aggregate will be worth no
more. The $800,000,000 is worth only ltsequiv-
alent in gold. You cannotcontend against itex-
cept as you take hold of natural laws as strong
as the laws of trade themselves, and meet it by a
power equal to the power which is already shat-
tering our credit.
I say further, that no nation ever did and no
nation ever will pay an indebtedness accumulating
at*the depreciation at which our indebtedness is
accruing at this day. If we are to save our credit
we are to save it, as I said bpfore, by getting a
dollar's worth of commodities for the Govern-
ment for every dollar's worth of bonds we issue,
and if we cannot do it directly then we must re-
deem or lepudiate the excess of paper money—I
care not by which name you call it—through vig-
orous and energetic taxation. No matter whether
it be $100,000,000 or $500,000,000, the excess of
paper money over the wants of the Government
must be persistently taxed out of existence. The
act of the rebel congress which excited the horse
laughter of the whofe North, by which they re-
pudiated through taxation the whole of their na-
tional currency was the highest act of statesman-
ship that I have yet seen as emanating from that
confederate congiess. Wq must follow protanto
their example, or eventually we must follow it in
tanto.
What I maintain, therefore, is, that these dis-
turbing inteiesc-bearing legal tenders which are
not needed for circulation, and which,were issued
in the hope and expectation that they never would
get into circulation, shall be retired at the earliest
practicable moment, and the limit named by the
Secretary of $450,000,000 of greenbacks be fixed
definitely. Then Congress can lay a tax with,
some expectation as to what will be produced by
it, and should lay a tax sufficient not only to
meet the ordinary expenses of the Government
and lay up a small sinking fund, but also sufficient
to pay so much of the extraordinary expenses as
shall leave the funded debt to represents!) actual
equivalent received m gold. The credit of the
country will thus be maintained to the extent of
its whole resources, and those resources aie not
yet exhausted nor even impaired.
Now, Mr. Chairman,.there is only one other
point to which i wi«h to call attention. One
other provision m my proposed amendment is to
compel the Secretary of the Treasury on demand
to fund into the eight per cent, currency bonds or
into the five years six per cent, gold bonds the
whole floating indebtedness of the United States.
Anybody who holds indebtedness of the United
States may then fund it into these securities. It
docs not leave it discretionary with hmi. i be-
lieve, and I have ht lieved atnll times since the ori-
ginal five-twenty bonds were taken, that there
was the wealth m the country to take $500,000,000
more of them as fast as they were needed, and
that with a decent measure of taxation prepared
in decenttime the credit of the Government would
have been sustained and gold would now have
been bolow 150. I need not dwell upon the ef-
fects of'Tne ptcsent inflation. The wealth of the
countiy is in great part a fictitious wealth. There
is no wealth exccpt through production. So far
as the production of the country has been stimu-
lated by this war, so far we have grown rich, and
no further. Rut that is not the wealth that is
spoiling the country to-day. Jtis a wealth made
out oAhe rise of property through inflation,
through the loss of harmony between supply and
dt-mand caused by the disjointed nature of the
times, and through anticipation of a tax which
must be almost universally extended if this Con-
gress ever does its business and goes home, it
is, I say, in a national sense, to a large extent a
fictitious wealth. Why, every merchant that
had a year ago a stock of goods of the Value of
$50,000 in his store might better have turned the
key in his door and gone fishing for a year than
have sold his goods at the current rates. The ad-
vance through loss of supply, inflation, and the
fear of taxation has actually raised the price of
the goods more than he could have made on them
by attending to his ordinary and legitimate busi-
ness; but no national wealth has be^n thereby
created;" and so of the great mass of commodities,
foreign and domestic. Through inflation of val-
ues from these various causes many individuals
have, of course, made great gain, but the home
consumer pays it. We arc dealing with ques-
tions of national wealth and resources.
In conclusion of all I would like to say upon
this question at this time, I ask to have read from
the Clerk's desk an editorial from the New York
Evening Post of April 29, 1864, because it con-
denses much matter into a small space, more than
I could hope to utter from my position on the
floor. I need not say that in itsarguments I most
fully concur.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The National Finances It is rarely that in the
complicated que>uonsof finance the judgment of the pub-
he is nemly unanimous as in the existing condition of
thing?. The question is one involving momentous inter-
ests to the Government and the people. Shall there be
maintained an inflation oi'currency and prices ami a con-
sequent depreciation of pap**r such as will make five per
cent, gold bonds relatively valuable enough to be taken by
the people? Or .-hall we h.tve an Issue of six per cent, bonds
Willi a contraction of the currency and a reduction of prices?
"The latter policy is clearly the safe, conseivative, and
economical one. When the subscription to the last six per
cent. loan of four hundred millions was so triumphantly
tilled up, to pi eat was the eagerness of the people for the
bonds that the offerings gioatly exceeded the required
amount. Had the Secretary ot theTiea&uiy then called for
subscription-* tor two bundled millions more, payable lit
such in bailments as- would meet hi1! w.iut-s—say anaveugc
of two million-* per day—the whole would have been uken
in a week and the mtlatiou would have, bt.cn avoided,.the
banks, thee uironey. puces, and speculation, all would have
been held under Hie steady cutb of a constant demand tor
'greenbacks' wherewith to make the payments, and the
Scoiclary might have, gone on his way tejoicing, printing
hi*, bonds and iikeasktliiul banker reissuing his currency
without increasing it.
"AnoppoMte policy has been puisued, with the most
honoiable purposes, but with whut aiauning results the
people, and none mote than the Secretaiy, see and feel.
This? cnuntivcan carrv tiom one hundred andnxty to two
huiuhed milhon* ofb.ink paper. The lower limit is one of
moderate and «,:tfo movement in finanoc and eotnmeice ;
the higher indicates pause and revulsion. Forty millions is
about the range of variation ouhe hank papei cunuicy.
" Now, with these standards let us attempt to measure,
the movement of the ia^t three months. To the enormous
amount oi about four bundled and seventy millions ot paper
money ahcadj ouutandmg, there has been added in tins
chort period one bundled and fifteen millions ot 'legal ten-
der,' making an aggregate of neaily six hundred millions of
' paper money' afloat, besides the now expanded bank cir-
culation, estimat'-d at two hundred million?, making in all
not Ie:-s than eight hundred millions of papei currency.
Now, allowing two hundred and fiity millions ot this sum to
replace an equal estimated amount of gold coin 4demon-
etized,' and we have still five hundred and fifty millions of
paper money, or fully three time© the amount under which
the bank>fan maintain specie payments m ordinary tunes.
"An expansion of one bundled and fifteen millions be-
fore the war would haVe broken all the banks in the Oman.
Under the < legal tender' law the efiect can only be shown
bv depret iation of the paper, und<-r the monomer ot the
rise in gold.
u How futile It is to magnify the expansions of the bank",
speculations in gold, and other minor causes into import-
ancej when these are eon>equenees chiefly ot this one
cau-e! Without the ovet-i-sue o! Government pap^r,and
with bond •> valuable enough to ab-^oib the e.\cess oi money,
b.mk expansions and over-importation woulcfhave been ic-
sttuined and gold speculation comparatively harmless.
L,nvs to regulate these, sales of gold by the Treasury, and
other expedient- w ill at mo-t accomplish no more than they
ajtn at; but they will not reach the grand source of our
difficulty. With Mich an over-issue it i  an unprecedented
tnai vel that our paper money should retain so high a value
as .sixty cent- on the dollar. It could not bebutfor the mas
ter power which Congress has so wisely put in the hands
of the Secietary—that of funding into gold-bearing bonds.
Yet the peculiar value of that power which lies in the abil-
ity to limit and t emulate the inevitable though baneful paper
irioncv, and to keep it near to the value ot gold, Mr. Chase
seem-s md^posed to appieci.ite at its true worth. Tne nat-
ural idea of economi/am: ui mteiost on an enoimous debt,
and the delusion that a low sate ot intciest proves a high
credit, (even when the bonds aic virtually sold at sixty
cents Oil the dollar.) have bem allowed to overcome con-
siderations of iar greater moment.
" T,et us attempt a d. in.,nni!ilion. The saving of one
per cent, per annum m interest on the loan of two handled
millions now in the inaikrt would amount in five years
to about-ten milling Now, pending the ^sue of these
bonds, at leust one handled und tittecu millions ot ' legal
tender' were put out, no pait ot winch need to have been
i «ued it a six per cent, bond had been immediately offered
to the eager public. The meat advance in prices during
this issue is umvcisaily recognized. In gold aiid many
Other things that advance is not less than twenty or twenty-
five per cent. Now, suppose the aveiagc increase of the
expenses of the war consequentiipon tl^s.p.yer-lssue^houW
he ten per cent. The" loss on one" year's expenses Cli-
mated atone thousand rhillrons) -wotiJd be one :hnnd?ed
millions, against a saving of ten millions ire-interest, -in
.other words, the loss in increased expenses would henearly
equal to the whole issue. And the nation would havp
much added to its ultimate debt without being abfe to*$ut
' for value received' Into its bonds. • Arid that ?s the whole
ease.. Beyond a certain point, increase of paper- fomfces
no increase of resources, but only plies, up debt,;.That
point was passed long ago by the confederates j it hasbeen-
reached by ourselves. Further increase is 4impiy pouring
water into a fUH pail. "• ; ' -
" When Congress gave Mr. Chase the1 power to make
and issue irredeemable paper money, it gave a power
which no man and no Government ever yet kept vyithin
safe limits. It is almost universally conceded that Mr,
Chase has, thus far, aud io the main, exercised Ms pow-
ers with splendid ability. But the nation feels and says
thiough the press that it is time to stop. On the one hand
Mr. Chase should cease to extend his issues ; ontho other,
Congress should revoke the power and require the funding
of all but the greenbacks. The total bank circulatttro, old
and new, sliouid be limited, during tin? suspension ©£>pe-
cie payments, to two hundred millions, that being ail that
experience shows the country can hold. After resumption,
laws stronger than those of Congress will bring them within
that limit:
" It is not too late yet to issue a six per cent, bond, al-
lowing an exchange on fair terms to those who have taken
the five per cents. Let that be payable by installments as
wanted, and the money market and the priet* of gold w4U
be taken care of by%those who know how to do it. Con-
sistency does not require Mr. Chase to persevere in a wrong
coui!*e, nor does patriotism require the people to help him.
Without a change the Inflation must be kept up, gold will
go higher, and we shall have Mr. Chase back in Wall street
to scare away tlie evil jpirit lie himself has raised."'
Mr.POMEROY. I now withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope the amendment offered
by the gentleman from New York will not be
adopted.' I think theie is a great deal of danger
in accepting amendments in this hasty way to a
bill thathns been prepared as this has been,at the
Treasury Department, with the greatest care and
anxiety. 1 know myself that the Secretary.of the
Treasury has had sleepless nights oyer this bill,
in considering and preparing its details, and now
it is proposed to take a section hastily prepared,
and probably without much more reflection than
the amendment offered ,by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] tp the thirteenth "section
just now,and which, I am sure, the House would
not have adopted if they had understood the effect
of it. I wish to call attention to thatamendment
for a moment, to illustrate the evil of such hasty
legislation here, and of the attempts to carry on
the Treasury Department, by the membersupon
this floor who have given no special.attention to
the subject. The amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] was to strike out,
in the seventeenth and eighteenthlines,xhe words
"or shall print, or cause to be printed, any let-
ters, figures, or devices with green ink, or with
any green color or pigment," which has been
adopted. As the section now reads, with those
words stricken out, it is felony for any one to
print, or to cause to be printed, any letter, or fig-
ures, pictures or devices, or anything to be used
as the representative of value, and intended to be
circulated and used for currency, except at the
Treasury Department. It will be a felony for any
one hereafter, if this becorney a law, to print any
bank note except at the Treasury DcpartmenX,
and all the State banks hereafter must come hero
to the Treasury Department to procure their cir-
culating notes. Now, I cannot believe the House
intended to pass such a law; but they must have
been dazzled and misled by the eloquence of the
gentleman from New York when they adopted
his amendment, and I trust he will not insist upon
retaining it.
I fear the consequences of the adoption of the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Pomeuoy] would be far more objectionable.
He says that each speech made in this House
costs the country ^1,000,000. But if the'effect of
hisspeech should be toinduce the House to adopt
his amendment in place of the carefully-prepared
section of the bill, 1 fear it will cost the country
a great many million dollars, if the gentleman ?
is not more familiar with finance than with figures
theie will be some danger in adopting his recom-
mendation. He says that the interest on a six
percent, bond of $100, when bought for fifty dol-
lars in gold, the interest being payable in gold,
eives twentv-four percent, for the annual interest.
Mr. POME ROY. X said at par of gold for the
bond.
Mr. HOOPER. I do not understand that. By
