2236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
but not actually commanding troops, it must have
been seen then, as it is yet„that a number of
those were in the discharge of duties important
enough not to be considered inappropriate to
their respective grades. On the coming in of this
reply from the {Secretary of War, and immedi-
ately on its being laid on our-tables in a printed
form so as to convey the information which it
contained to this House, a member from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] introduced another resolution,
which I shall also send to the Clerk's desk to be
read as part of the legislative history of this pro-
ceeding.
The Cleik read, as follows:
In the House of Representatives,
United States, January 18, 3S64.
Mr. Holm an submitted the following; which was adopted:
Wherea* tins floiisci ha« been officially informed that a
large number of officers of the Army, including a number
of major and bngadiei g<Jne als have been for a long period
of time relieved liom active ^eivice, while ?tjll icceivnig
the full pay pertaining to their tank; and whereas such
policy, while cfnharrA^ino: to the ofheeis so relieved, r?
manifestly unjust to the. countiy, and uUeiferes with just
and piopoi pinmotions in the Aim} : Thercfoio
Resolved, That in the judgment of thb Ilou>e the policy
of retaining in the pay ot ihe Government officer^ who
have been iudpfitntely u-lieved from active service, not
physically disabled by wounds, and who have not boon
placed on the reined list, oti«ht to be discontinued, and
that the Committee on JYIilitaiy Affair*, be iixtiucted to
inquire what legislation, if any, is ncee->ary to cfh-ct a
remedy in the ptetmso?\ and reduce the number of general
officeis not employed m activc service, and repoit by bill
oi otheiwi-e.
Mr. KEItNAJf. Will the gentleman from
Ohio be kind enough to permit tiie list of unem-
ployed general officers to be read, so that it may
do apparent to the House who aie to be affected
by this law >
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly. ^Does the gen-
tleman wish this list to be read now?
Mr. KEItNAN. I do not desire to have it
read now particularly.
Mr. SCHENCK. U will be seen, Mr. Speaker,
as gentlemen have been so exceedingly anxious
to find sonic personal aim or object influencing
the Committee on Militaiy Allan's in reporting
this joint resolution that the duty was imposed
upon the committee to report on the .subject; and
it will be seen under what eircumstanceK they
did report.
It can hardly be supposed that when the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswortii,] on tins
side of the House, called attention to what was
occupying the minds of the people of the coun-
try, and when an answer to a resolution of in-
quiry was returned by the Secretary of War, and
when a inference of the whole subject was made
on motion by a gentleman on the other side, with
instructions to the Committee on Military Affairs
to report by bill or otherwise as to what should
be done m regard to discontinuing oiliccis unem-
ployed, it can hardly be supposed, with any soit
of fairness, that this can be considered as partak-
ing of the character of a conspiracy, I say, thete-
fore, that gentlemen are vei y hard-i un indeed, and
arc drawing mfeiences very ungenerous, either as
against the gi-ntleman from Illinois, the gentle-
man from Indiana, or any one of the committee
who have undertaken to peiform the business
commute.I to them, when it is ptetended that there
must be something personal in the matter. So
far from this berni; the case, I stand heie to-day
for and in behalf of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and aver that I do not believe a single
member of th*t committee made it a question to
be considered how this joint resolution might or
might not affect any particular general officer.
The committee finding that the evil existed, and
being called on to repoi t some resolution by winch
a remedy might be applied to that, evil, after fully
considering the whole mnttei u-poit<d the joint
resolution now befoie the House. Thai joint ievo-
lution proposes nothmicilliberal, nothing Htmng*\
It simply ptovuies that, as these facts exist, if]
theie be found, us the resolution is now modified,
on the 1st of July next general officers unem-
ployed, or not employed m some way suitable to
their rank, and have been continuously unem-
ployed or not. fitly employed duung three mouths,
one quarter of a year, ptecedmg that day, then
they shall bo dropped horn the rolls of the Ai my
and not be any longer an expense to the Govern-
ment. It saves those who may be unemployed
by reason of sickness or wounds; such officers
are properly exempted from the effects of this
joint resolution. Theie is a saving also to the
officers of the regular Army of the right to fall
back to their position in the regular Army when
their appointments as general officers in the vol-
unteers are taken away from them.
There is nothing, I say, illiberal in this. It will
only have the effect to induce the President to
comc to some determination in reference to un-
employed or not fitly employed general officers.
He has once appointed them, thinking they were
qualified to discharge the duties to which they
were assigned, and he will be constrained to de-
termine whether, under all the circumstances, he
will continue them in office or not. It is rather
addressed to the President than to any one else.
We, in effect, propose to make this declaration to
the Executive: " Here are these gentlemen; you
have already thought proper to appoint them; you
have left them for reasons which seemed good to
you or to the War Department unemployed, or
unfitly employed. In the present condition of
the Treasury of the country, and in this time of
war, we cannot agree that officers shall draw pay
without lendeung equivalent service, and there-
fore unless they arc on due notice fitly employed
we will not pay them. Either you must have
these general officers go to their proper duty, or
they will be dropped from the rolls."
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Kernan]
inquired m regard to the present occupation of
the officers on the list sent to me. As to their
present status I cannot answer as to all. But in
looking over the list now I see that there are sev-
eial on it as to whom changes have been made.
Influenced possibly in some cases by the fact that
such a joint resolution was pending, or by other
considerations, it has been thought propei by the
President, or those who manage our military af-
fairs, to order some of them to duty; and there
arc two or three who, I understand, have been
musteredoutof tho.service. Thehsthasbeen con-
siderably reduced. Still we ask the joint icsolu-
tion to be passed to provide a remedy for an evil
to some extent yet continuing, and justly com-
plained of.
i deoiro fuithn to say, that so far were the com-
mittee, and so far was 1, fiom looking on this in
any low or personal view, that until the pi inciple
and policy of the proposition we make to the
House had been settled, I hardly believe it had
been considered or anticipated who would be af-
fected by the measure, and when my attention is
directed to the list, 1 find that it ill becomes gen-
tlemen on the other side of the Chamber to sup-
pose that there is some party feeling in this mat-
ter. Thiee fourths of these officers, if notalmost
ev« ly one, who.se names are heie given by the
Secretary of War, are known as stanch support-
ers of the Government, and among them I dis-
cover four or five of my own particular personal
and esleemed fiiends Among them, also, I find
those who, ill my judgment, should long since
have been employed. I mention these things
merely for the purpose of divesting this matter
of that character which has been very unjustly
sought to be given to it, and for the purpose of vin-
dicating the committer as having simply obeyed
the instruction of the House, to report some rem-
edy for that which was admitted to be an exist-
ing evil, and clearly proved such by the very
answer made hy the Executi ve Department to out-
call for information.
It is true there are two oificeiswho may in cer-
tain contingencies be affected by this proceeding
who are of the regular Ai my, and 1 apprehend that
had it not been that those two names happened to
be upon the Secretary's list—however impioper
it may be to draw distinctions ordinarily between
men and officets in this, country—we should nevei
have heard of any opposition to this most whole-
some proposed enactment.
Mi. KEItNAN. The gentleman will do me
the justice to say that I made no allusion of that
kind. I based my substitute nnd my reasons
upon the distinct ground that I was opposed to
legislating ofiiccrsout of the At my by act of Con-
giess. 1 was in favor nevertheless of having a
proper tribunal before whom they should appear
in order that those who proved unworthy should
be put out.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am aware of the position
of the gentleman, and I did not refer to him, but
referred to some gentlemen upon this and that
side of the House, who, because General Mc-
Clellan and Geneial Fie-mont mi^ht chance to fall
within the operation of this rule, have intimated
that it was aimed at them. In the debate which
took place on this report when it was up for con-
sideration before, my colleague [Mr. Cox] espe-
cially made that charge.
Now, sir, I will not stop to talk about either
McClellan or Fremont. I have but to repeat that
this joint resolution is for the purpose of general
legislation, to cure a great evil by a general pro-
vision which shall apply to all cases which it may
justly and equitably reach, according to the action
of Congress and the subsequent action of the Ex-
ecutive, without reference to any particular per-
sons.
But I must be permitted to say that there is no
peculiar hardship in the case of either of the gen-
tlemen referred to. It has been said that they
belong to the regular Army, and therefore that
they would be struck off from a profession which
they had adopted for life, and be thrown out at
what some may consider an advanced age, when
it would be difficult for them to turn their atten-
tion and energies to new pursuits. Gentlemen
must have forgotten thatat the commencementof
this war Generals Fremont and McClellan were
both civilians, and had long before given up, the
profession of arms and were engaged in other vo-
cations.
Then the fact of their happening to be in the reg-
ular Army instead of being in the volunteer corps
amounts to no more than this: they were selected
like others because of the emergencies of this war
and the necessity of increasing the number of our
officers. Being placed in that position they have no
more right than others to expect that when the
emergency ceases their services would be retained
any longer than in the opinion of the Government
they were needed, nor that they would not be
dropped like any other officers. Butfor the sup-
posed necessities of the war they, like so many
others, would have been neither in the regular
Army nor in the volunteers, but still in civil life.
I intend by these remarks no sort of disrespect to
those officers. I have no disposition, nor, if I were
competent, am 1 called on to criticise their claims
or merits. But I do want to divest the minds of
all here of an impression which seems to be made
that they stand somehow upon a different foot-
ing from otheis. They have been employed in
a military capacity because the emergency re-
quired an increased number of officers; and when
the public occasion arises for dispensing with
their further services, whatever there may be in
the capacity or achievements of either of them,
so far as their personal rights are concerned, there
is no reason why they should not stand equal
with others under the law and the action of the
Executive thereon. Were I the PiesidentI would
long ago have settled the cases of these two offi-
cers. He holds the caids in his own hands. Let
him order them to repoit to Lieutenant General
Grant or elsewhere for duty; let them be assigned
to corps, divisions, or other commands as other
officers have been, and then if they, or either of
them, be unwilling to serve unless given the
places which they might themselves select, it is
they that make the issue. But this is for the
Commander-in-Chief to consider, and is no part
of the duty of Congress.
Congress says to the Executive, " Here are
these numerous officers unemployed, or not alto-
gether employed as they should be, on duty fit-
ting to their respective grades and positions; and
we desire that you put them to their work, or else
we cannot afford longer and through months and
years of idleness to pay them for services not
lendered." That is one of the simplest econom-
ical propositions in the world.
Mr. MALLOilY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio n question. He speaks of officers un-
employed, and of those not employed properly
in the grades to which they belong. I wish to
understand what the gentleman means. Is there
anything in the resolution that determines what
employment shall be given to an officer of the
Army corresponding with the grade he holds, or
is that matter left with the discretion of the Ex-
ecutive?
Mr, SCHENCK. It must necessarily be left
to the discretion of the Executive in accordance
with military usage. Take, for instance, the case
of Geneial McDowell, who has been for some time
at Wilmington, in Delaware, presiding over the
deliberations and labors of an impoitaut board
