1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 24,
speech of the Senator from Michigan render ne-
cessary.
Another ground taken by the Senator from Mi-
chigan is that the bill is unconstitutional because
there is no right in the Congress of the United
States to intervene for the enforcement of the laws
of a State. Does this bill call upon the Congress
of the United States to intervene by legislative
enactment or otherwise for the enforcement of the
laws of a State? I will admit, with the Senator,
that the true and only authority for enforcing the
laws of a State (except in time of domestic vio-
lence, when, upon application of the Governor or
of the Legislature of the State it may become
necessary to invoke Federal authority to assist
them,) is State authority. But does this bill ask
Congress to intervene in behalf of the execution
of a State law? Not at all, sir. It only asks
Congress to intervene thus far and no further, to
prevent men in the military service of the coun-
try, officers having charge of the military of the
country, from carrying that military to places of
voting, and interfering with the rights of the
people of the States and destroying the govern-
ments of the States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consent of
the Senator from Delaware, I move that the
furtherconsideration of this subject be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not ask for the post-
ponement; it is no favor to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is precisely what I
expected. The business of the Senate is about
to he crowded out for these speeches.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not ask for the post-
ponement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.PoMEROt
in the chair.) Does the Senator from XCansas
withdraw his motion ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir. My motion
was offered with the consent of the Senator from
Delaware,and I insistupon it. We did not finish
the business of the morning hour to-day, and it
is now almost four o'clock. I think we ought to
be permitted to finish the business of the morning
hour. It is not at all probable that the Senator
from Delaware will conclude to-night.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 hope that if the Senator
from Delaware desires a postponement until to-
morrow we shall grant his request.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not ask any courtesy
if any Senator has any objection to a proposition
to extend courtesy. I did not suggest this post-
ponement myself.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suggested it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am certainly not dis-
posed to deny to the Senator from Delaware any
courtesy, as the Senator from Rhode Island seems
to intimate; but here is a question taking up the
time of the Senate and excluding the active busi-
ness of theSenate, taking up time by long speeches,
commencing one day and continuing into the next,
and claiming the floor from day to day. I ask
the Senator from Delaware if he thinks it consist-
ent with our public duty here, when great meas-
ures are pressing upon us, to have these political
speeches continued from day to day, and adjourn-
ments had upon them, to the exclusion of the busi-
ness of the country. The Senator from Delaware
Was distinctly asked before he commenced his re-
marks if lie was ready and desired to go on to-
night, and he said lie would go 011 to-night, in
reply to my question, and to get rid of a motion
which I had made to take up another subject.
Now, sir, I do not wish to press the Senator
from Delaware orany other member of this body
to speak out of time; but I insist that neither the
Senator from Delaware nor any other Senator shall
day after day occupy the floor here when there
is business to be done.- If the Senator from Del-
aware is willing to take his chance to finish his
speech when the convenience of the Senate will
permit without interfering with other business, 1
nave no abjection to this measure being putover;
but if it is to be put over to the exclusion of all
other business to-morrow during the business
hours, I do object to it.
Mr. POWELL. I do not believe, sir, there
has been or will be before this Congress a bill of
greater importance than the one now pending,
and I hope the debate upon it will continue until
it is voted upon, cither adopted or rejected. The
Senator from Illinois speaks of putting this bill
away and taking up the business of the session;
and he asks us not to make speeches upon this
bill and prevent the.business of the Senate going
on, as if this were not business. Sir, there never
was before any deliberative body a more import-
ant bill than the one under consideration, and 1
hope the debate on it will continue until the sub-
ject is finally acted upon. I have no objection to
the length of time occupied by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, or any other Senator. It is
a subject of the gravest importance, and upon it
depends the very perpetuity of our institutions,
because it is to secure free ballot to the people.
I do not think there ever was or ever will be be-
fore a deliberative body a question of graver im-
port than this. It is business, and business of
the greatest moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas to
postpone the pending bill until to-morrow.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The course suggested
by me, with the consent of the Senator from Del-
aware, is the identical course pursued toward the
Senator from Michigan yesterday. I think it un-
just to the Senator from Delaware to compel him
to go on at this hour, and I think the postpone-
ment is a proper courtesy which we ought to ex-
tend to him.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, in re-
sponse to the remark of the Senator from Illinois
that he would not allow or permit the Senator
from Delaware or any other Senator to occupy
the time of the Senate in making political speeches
when grave matters of legislation were before the
body, let me say to that Senator that the Senator
from Delaware has neither asked him to permit nor
to allow. The Senator from Delaware does not
ask for authority from any such source for the
course he may see fit to pursue here.
Mr. President, the Senator from Michigan put
the right of the military to interfere with elections
in the States upon the ground that we are en-
gaged in civil war. The proposition that we are
engaged in civil war I shall not deny, for when
others were calling it simply a little sedition or
insurrection, I in my place in the Senate pro-
claimed that it was not only a civil war but a
great civil war, and that the controversy must be
governed by those grave rules of the modern law
of nations which applied to civil wars through-
out the civilized woild and among all Christian
people. That was then considered a heresy, and
it was said that the difficulty was nothing but a
little sedition or insurrection that was to be sup-
pressed by seventy-five thousand men in sixty or
in ninety days; but lo and behold ! men who then
scouted the idea that this controversy was of suf-
ficient magnitude to amount to a civil war, who
said it was nothing but a little sedition down South
and to be suppressed in sixty or in ninety days
have woke up at Inst to the great and important
. fact that when a million and a half of men on the
one side and seven hundred thousand or eight
hundred thousand on the other meet in the deadly
conflict, of battle it is something more than a se-
dition or insurrection; and I congratulate them
upon the correctness of the perception, however
slow in its operation, which has at last admitted
this great truth.
The argument of the Senator from Michigan is
that the right of the military to intervene with refer-
ence to theelectionsofthe States—mark you,I shall
confine my remarks simply to States professedly
and knowingly within the Union—exists because
it is a belligerent right. The principle to govern
its exercise has no other authority, even by the
admission of the Senator from Michigan himself,
than that authority which upon all occasions is
invoked in this Chamber and by this Administra-
tion and the party m power, the authority of
" necessity," a word which, when applied here-
after, when the mind of the people of this coun-
try shall become stead}', and when reason shall
have resumed its throne and passion shall have
died away, will not only be scouted, but the use
of which in these days will then be deeply re-
gretted, because 110 usurpation, howevergreat, no
infraction of the Constitution, however attended
with disastrous consequences, can be perpetrated
that those who hang around the throne of power
and pay adulation and homage to him who sits
thereon do not invoke this great, potent magic of
" necessity."
The Senator says that we are engaged in civil
war, and that you cannot draw lines between the
belligerents, that they are commingled together,
and he cites the authority of the Supreme Court
of the United States to sustain him; and yet the
courts over the country now are deciding that
this controversy is confined to locality, and as I
am told it has been recently decided in the State
of New York that if a man has his domicile in
the State of Virginia he cannot sue in the courts
of New York, because he is to be regarded as an
enemy; and at least two judges of your Supreme
Court have declared themselves alien enemies by
a decision which they made declaring people re-
siding in southern States out of the Union or in
an enemy's country. Therefore, sir, in answer
to the suggestion of the Senator, 1 appeal to the
judicial decisions of the country that this is a
controversy local on both sides, and the attempt
that the honorable Senator has made to say that
in the adhering States of this Union there resides
a portion of the public enemy against whom you
are to exercise a belligerent right, is only brought
forward in this case to support the unwarranted
and unconstitutional exercise of power by this
Administration.
But, sir, let me ask the honorable Senator, and
let me ask this Administration, if they ever listen
to an honest question, let me ask the intelligent
men of this country, who has given to a General
Sehenck, or a General Burnside, or to the Presi-
dent of the United States, without a resort to the
legal tribunals of the country for a determination
of that question, the right to decide that any citi-
zen of my State is an enemy against whom belli-
gerent rights are to be exercised, and against
whose constitutional rights under his State the
military power of this country is to be invoked?
Whence do they derive their power? Not from
this document to which the Senator even alluded,
not from any law, Federal or State; but simply
from the exercise of their own omnipotent will.
Has it come to this, sir? Are the monstrous prin-
ciples upon which this Administration acts in refer-
ence to the government of this country to be car-
ried to such an extent that the question whether
I am a public enemy of my country, or whether
the Senator from Michigan is a public enemy of
his country, and not entitled to any of the pro-
visions of this written charter of our liberties, is
dependent, not up«n the charter, not upon Federal
law or State law, but upon the will of the man
who for the time exercises the functions of Pres-
ident of the United States? Has itgone still fur-
ther, and is the great question, who is a public
enemy and who a citizen and inhabitant and friend
of his country and the Constitution of his coun-
try, to be decided by the stroordmate even of sub-
ordinates? And has American liberty no higher
sanction, no greater nor nobler guarantee than the
mere will of some one who yesterday was naught,
but to-day struts upon the boards with epaulets
upon his shoulders, andchooscs to domineer ovei
a down-trodden and defenseless people? If that
be the only liberty to which the descendants of
the once proud freemen of this country are enti-
tled, if that be the only liberty which we are to
transmit to future ages, to our children and our
children's children, then, sir, were all the noble
aspirations of the pa^t a delusion; then were the
Iaborsof our fathers worse than naught; then was
every drop of blood shed in our revolutionary
struggle vainly shed; and then have the people of
this country for the last seventy-five years been
delusively dreaming a lie.
No, sir; that liberty achieved for us by our
fathers, that liberty guarantied in this Constitu-
tion, that liberty of which we have boasted in the
past, that liberty which all of us have ourselves
in time past enjoyed, has a nobler and greater and
more sacred guarantee than that; and let me tell
the Senator, however the passions of the mad-
dened hour may delude him and others, the time
will yet come in the providence of God when the
sons of the United States %f America will rise up
and vindicate their birthright, and assert before the
world, peaceably assert if they can, but yet assert,
even forcibly if they must, and triumphantly as-
sert, that ancient liberty which their fathers en-
joyed,and will spurn and scoff this modern, use-
less, worse than useless liberty which the Senator
would tell us only has been our heritage.
Mr. President, did it not occur to the legal mind
of that Senator when he was addressing himself •
