£14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 14,
of the House may have'heard the very novel dec-
laration of the gentleman from Ohio, that he con-
templated supporting in all proper ^measures the
Administration in the prosecution of the war and
the suppression of the rebellion, it is, perhaps,
i fortunate that the result of the political elections
in the central slave States has placed the Admin-
istration beyond the necessity of relying upon his
support. Were it not so 1 incline to think that
the kind of support the Administration would re-
ceive from the great majority of gentlemen on the
other side of the House-was indicated early in
.the, session in that resolution proposed by a gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,]
' which pronounced, this an inhuman war. For
my self, sir, relying on the fact that the people have
sent enough of us the purpose of sup-
porting the AdminiflGpon, 1 would suggest that
perhaps gentlemen on the other side of the House
had just as well execute the mission with which
the constituents thatelected them sent them here,
charged to oppose, to embarrass, to libel, and to
break down the Administration, and leave the
support of it to the gentlemen whom the people
have sent here to maintain it. With all due re-
spect to the patriotic purposes, the eminent abil-
ity of the gentlemen on the other side, when they
. tender support I shall look at it with something
of suspicion, and, for myself,_ shall say, "JVon
tali auxillo, nec defensoribus istis."
A specimen of that support, Mr. Speaker, is
exhibited by the mode in which the bill.brought
in by the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary has been received on that side of the House.
It relates to what is now the settled policy of the
Administration, which gentlemen say they intend
to support in the suppression of the rebellion.
Whether one degree or another ofconfiGcation be
appropriate, whether it shall be extended to the
lower actors in this great scene, or whether, as in
my judgment proper, it shall be confined to a few of
the'leaders, still, that the confiscation of property
shall attach to some portion of the people engaged
in the rebellion is now the settled, resolved pol-
icy of the Administration. The bill introduced
|>y die Judiciary Committee is in furtherance of
tliat policy. A joint resolution, in my judgment
u very unwise one, of the last Congress, limited
the operation of the confiscation law to life estates.
'This bill contemplates the obliteration of that dis-
tinction. In my judgment its language does not
accomplish that purpose; and therefore I shall
vote for the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania,[Mr.Stevens,] which goes directly
to the object sought to" be accomplished, by re-
pealing the limiting resolution.
There we are met by the new^ supporters of the
Administration on the other side of the House
with the suggestion that this is uprooting the fun
dnmentid law of the Republic. I ask where? What
word in the Constitution does it violate' What
priiifiple fines it in the leastdegree impeach ? They
answer, the Constitution declaring that Congress
shall have power to declare the punishment of
treason, but that no attainder of treason shall work
eoi ruption of blood or forfeiture except ditiin
the life of the person attainted.
If 1 have read aright the confiscation law of the
last Congress, it nowhere attaches any confisca-
Hun or foifeiturc to a conviction for treason or to
an attainder of treason. Am I right, or am I
wrong?. There is no word in the law of the last
Congress that attaches confiscation of property to
conviction of the person for treason, to attainder
nfi/ie person for (reason, on a criminal proceeding
in any court of justice. If that be so, then thequo-
tation of the clause from I he Constitution issimply
irrelevant to the matter in debate, for it is that no
' ATTAINDER of treason shall work corruption of
blood or forfeitme except during the life of the
party; so that, if thcie be no proceeding by in-
dictment, there can bo no attainder; and if there
be no attainder, there is nothing on which the resi-
due of the words in the Constitution can operate.
That simple observation disposes of the whole
argument. It is wholly immaterial whether, in
the event of the party's being convicted of trea-
son, Congress can or cannot make a consequence
of the judgment the forfeiture of lands in fee
simple, or is confined to a forfeiture limited in
duration by the life of the convict.
The question here is whether there is any pro-
cess of law, however this provision bo construed,
by which we cannot effect a forfeitme of the whole
fee in lands. That question gentlemen have no-
where met.
If, however, the Constitution limits the conse-
quences of a conviction to a forfeiture for life, to
assume that it limits every other form of process of
law in like manner, is simply begging the ques-
tion. The Constitution speaks for itself. It limits
the operation of an attainder. It limits nothing
else. When, therefore, gentlemen accuse us here
of uprooting the settled law of the land, they in-
terpolate language not in the law, and quote it
to condemn us. But even if the meaning of the
Constitution itself were doubtful in a case of at-
tainder, if the question were whether the judg-
ment of the court should be for the forfeiture of
the land for life or in fee, no decision on. that could
affect any other process of law for confiscating
lands without attainder. The doubt upon that
question cannot apply to a subject beyond the
purview of the question.
Still it is worth while to hazard a suggestion
touching the real meaning of those words so con-
fidently invoked by our new allies for our confu-
sion. I desire to speak with all modesty in
solving this problem, for difficulties beset every
solution, and while it is quite clear that its mean-
ing is not that assumed by our new allies, it is
perhaps not so easy to give a demonstrably right
solution. I speak with hesitation, because this
confidence surprised me into assuming once be-
fore thecorrectnessoftheirinterpretation. I think,
however, the technical language of the clause read
in the sense it bore in the English law, may light us
on our way. I think it points to a very different
meaning from that which the honorable gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cox] supposes.
No attainder shall work corruption of blood or
forfeiture, except during the life of the person at-
tainted. Now I take it that the meaning of that
clause is that the forfeiture worked shall, must be
effected during life. The honorable gentleman
from Ohio, and those who think with him, would
construe it to be that the forfeiture when worked
shall only endure for the life of the party. Pal-
pably the latter is the incorrect and the former
the legal meaning. The purpose assumed is the
protection of the offspring from punishment for
the guilt of the ancestor. But a fine is equally
taken from the offspring, as land; yet no one de-
nies the right to fine a person attainted. There
was, however, an effect of attainder that did pun-
ish the offspring, and the offspring alone. Every
student of Blaclcstone knows this, that the judg-
ment convicting a person of treason operated a cor-
ruption of blood. The corruption ofblood stopped
the transmission of hereditable blood to any heir
of the person attainted; so that the legal effect of
conviction for treason under the law of England
was, first, to forfeit all the property, real and per-
sonal, of the person attainted, and, secondly, to
corrupt his blood,destroy its heritable quality, so
that he could neither take land' by descent him-
self, nor transmit heritable blood to the persons
who would, but for his attainder, have been his
heirs. He could, in the language ofthe law,have no
heirs. The attainder corrupted his blood,and there
was no hereditable blood transmitted to them.
Now, suppose any ancestor of any person con-
victed and attainted for treason died the day after
the execution, owning lands, they could not pass
to his son, nor to any collateral relation claiming
by descent through him, because the operation of
judgment, besides forfeiting the land owned by
the p&rty in his lifetime, had corrupted his blood,
and no one could trace descent through him. He
was a bar, cutting off the relationship between
grandfather and grandson. Hand which would
have come to the grandson if the father had not
been a person attainted, instead of going to the
heir, was arrested in transit to the heir by the cor-
ruption of blood, and passed either to the lord of
the fee or to the king.
So that the Constitution deals merely witli.cor-
ruption of blood and its operation. There shall
be no corruption of blood worked by attainder or
forfeiture except during the life of the person. At-
tainder worked no forfeiture after the death of the
party except by corruption ofblood. The for-
feitme of a fee-simple estate was not a forfeiture
after the life of the party; the whole fee was in the
person attainted, his heirs had no interest in it,
and no lawyer would ever dream of describing a
forfeiture for life by the words of the Constitu-
tion, or dcsciibe the forfeiture of a fee-simple es-
tate as a forfeiture worked by attainder after the life
of the party. It was one. of the settled laws of
England at that time, and which also prevailed
in some of the States of this Union, that the cor-
ruption of blood did, what the gentlernah from
Ohio so properly execrates, operate upon innocent
persons with reference to their rights coming from •
a different source after the criminal had expiated
his crime. Now, without meaning to say posi- .
tively that that is the meaning and operation of
the section, I say that in my judgment it comes
nearer an intelligible exposition of it than any
such theory as this, that you cannot take lands
in fee, but you may take all his personal property
absolutely, which was the ground of the Presi-
dent's threatened veto of last year; that you can
fine a man to the extent of his estate, out you
cannot take his lands to pay the fine. And being
unintelligible, with all respect to our recent friends,
they are driven to ssjy, that in the punishment of
treason the Constitution has been guilty of this
intolerable folly: that for robbing the mail, or
piracy, for any ordinary offense, or murder on
the seas or in the Army'or Navy; that for any
ordinary crime, Congress may prescribe what
punishment they please; take the land in fee; but
m providing for the punishment of treason,<the
greatest crime, the' most dangerous crime, it has
feebly attempted to protect innocent offspring by
saving the lands of the convict, but leaving his
life and all his personal property at the mercy o'f
the law; that it'has been guilty of sanctioning the
unrepublican discrimination between real and per-
-sonal property, and adopting the aristoeraticidea"
that land was something that must not be taken,
but preserved for the heir, that must come down
tQ him by a perpetual constitutional entail. And
this anti-republican view is urged to fetter us in
breaking the power of an aristocratic rebellion
founded on land in large bodies and on negroes.
Were there no other objection in this, that simple
reductio ad absurdum disposes of the argument.
But, Mr. Speaker, the question here, as I have
said, is not, what is the true meaning of this clause
of the Constitution, but does it declare that no
forfeiture, that no confiscation under any process
of law shall affect land for a longer period than
the life of the owner? Does it apply to any case
where there is no attainder, no conviction?
The law of the last Congress prescribed a dif-
ferent process from conviction in a court of law
of the person guilty of the crime. It provides
that upon proceedings in the district court in the
nature of proceedings in admiralty the lands of cer-
tain classes of persons, and all their personal
property, shall be forfeited for the use of the Gov-
ernment. 'j
And the Constitution provides that the prop-
erty of citizens shall not be taken without due
process of law. JN'ow, the question which gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House have to
argue is, not the law of attainder, but whether the
process in the district counts of the United States
to confiscate the property of persons proved to be
of the specified classes is due process of law for
depiiving'amanof his property under the Consti-
tution. If they cannot maintain that that is not
due process of law within the meaning of the Con-
stitution, they cannot throw the least doubt on the
constitutionality of this mode of procedure.
Ifthis-were a new question, possibly there might
be room for argument. But from the first Admin-'
istration down to this day there has never been a
day in which, on the statute-books of the United
States, exactly this process to forfeit property for
crime without first convicting; the owner on in-
dictment has not been prescribed. The law of
1799, among the first of the revenue laws, for-
feited property brought in under fraudulent in-
voices, without proceeding against the individual
personally; and all the revenue laws from that
day to this enforce these provisions by forfeitures
and proceedings in rem.
The navigation laws of the United States, from
the earliest days of the ilepublic, inflict forfeiture
in the district court on proceedings against the
vessel for violation of those laws without prose-
cuting the owner, though liable to indictment.
Who ever heard that a vessel couW not be forfeited
unless the master or owner were indicted, or until
after they had been indicted? Our laws in refer-
ence to trade with the Indians make it penal to
carry ardent spirits among them, and they punish
the persons guilty and foifeit the property by
