1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
proccss iii rem in the district court. Is that un-
constitutional ?
The lasv for the suppression of the slave trade
makes the parties violating; it guilty of piracy,
and they are liable either to be hung or confined
in the penitentiary, according to the grade of the
offense. But yet the vessels caught are always
forfeited, whether owner or master be prosecuted
or not. Was it ever heard that the person must
be convicted of the crime before the vessel could
be forfeited in the district court? These things
are of every-day practice, as every gentleman at
all familiar with the ordinary administration of the
laws of the United States knows. In a word, in-
dictment and conviction of the person is not the
only due process of law by which a person may
be deprived of his property. The daily process
of levying taxes proves that. And Congress has
pleased to authorize confiscation without convic-
tion, but in the time-honored forms of the early
Republic.
And in reference to another species of property
about which gentlemen upon the other side of the
House usually show more interest than about
lands, in reference to negroes, I have a word to say.
We have in that"case the same principle of con-
fiscating property by proceedings before convic-
tion of the delinquent, settled by the laws of Mary-
land and of Virginia, adopted by Congress as the
laws in the two counties of the District of Colum-
bia, from the earliest days of the Republic down
to the day on which I am speaking. The law of
Virginia goes as far back as the days of Jefferson.
It prohibited the introduction of slaves into Vir-
ginia from any other State, and from foreign
countries; and while it prescribed the penalty on
the party so introducing them, it also declared the
slave free. The gentlemen from Maryland here
know very well that was the law of Maryland
down -to within a few years; and, to some extent,
it is so now. When Congress adopted the laws
of Maryland and Virginia, both of those statutes'
were the laws of this District; and they were in
force down to the time of the emancipation of
, slaves in this District.
Now, what was the ordinary proccss in these
cases? I do notremernber in my experience while
practicing as a lawyer, either in Virginia or the
District of Columbia or in Maryland, of an
indictment or action for the fine or forfeiture
against a party introducing negroes. It was the
every-day practice when I came to the bar that
negroes, brought into that part of the District
which was on the south of the Potomac river, con-
trary to law, should apply to the comtand bring
a suit for their freedom, and it was done in the
ordinary form of an action for trespass, because
the master had illegally imprisoned them, and the
judgment of the court was one rent damage against
"the master for the imprisonment. The question
really involved was freedom or slavery. The law
vested freedom; the court authenticated it. In other
words, the operation and theory of the law was that
. the act of bringing a negro across the line was to
invest him with his freedom; that it deprived the
master of his property and invested the negro with
the right to sue the man for the wrong committed.
That has been adjudged again and again by the
courts of Virginia, and by the court of appeals
of Maryland; and though writs of error have more
than once carried such cases in this District to
the Supreme Court, that tribunal never dreamed
that this was a forfeiture of property without due
proccss of law. If gentlemen will take the trouble
to run through the volumes of the Supreme Coui t
reports, they will find several cases; orie so re-
cent as 2 Howard, in which that form of proceed-
ing was recognized as a competentmode m which
to'assert the right of freedom, which was a for-
feiture of the master's right. The man who was a
slave on the other side rif the line became a free-
man by being brought this side of the line; his
master was not indicted, nor was his freedom a
consequence of the conviction of his master, but
he acquired his title to freedom by the act of the
Congress of the United States, winch inflicted for-
feiture on his master for violating it.
Congress, during the administration of Air. Jef-
ferson, I think, in organizing the Territories of
Louisiana and Mississippi, in like manner for-
bade the introduction of slaves from abroad, and
freed them when introduced by the master. And
if we are to be told that this was antique legis-
lation, and not fit for the light of thpse modern
days, 1 ask gentlemen to read the compromise
measures of 1850 brought in by the illustrious
Kcntuckian, Henry Clay, and passed by a Con-
gross that thought then that they had averted the
crisis that we now writhe under; 'let them read
the law forbidding the slave trade in the District
of Columbia, where the hand of Henry Clay
traced the words of forfeiture—that if any slave
should be brought into this District by its owner,
contrary to the provisions of the act, he should.
thereupon become liberated and free.
Now, that covers all the confiscation acts of the.
last Congress. It is wholly immaterial whether
it relates.to land or to personal property, whether
you forfeit lands or negroes. That would even
meet the technical objection of the gentleman
from Ohio, because formerly in Virginia, as ev-
erybody knows, slaves were real estate, not per-
sonal estate, passing to the heirs and not to the
executors; and it is only of late years that- they
have been treated as personal estate, though in the
widow's share of them the traces of their real
character still remain visible. Now that is the
question that is involved in the confiscation law,
and it is the only question that is involved. Itis
not whether attainder can work corruption of
blood affecting the heirs; of course it cannot; it
is not whether attainder can operate forfeiture of
lands descending after the death of the attainted
person, nor whether an attainder is confined to
carrying a life estate by forfeiture out of a fee;
that is not the question. The question is whether
by other process of law not connected with in-
dictment of the person,notfollowingupon attain-
der, the United States Government can say that
those who have been in arms against it shall for-
feit iheir property, and that the tribunals of the
country shall enforce it in rem; and this is settled
by the traditional laws of the Republic.
Mr. BLISS obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. The morning hour having
expired, I move to proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON TIIE CONDUCT OF THE "iOR.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the following
concurrent resolution from the Senate:
Resolved} That a joint committee of three members of
the Senate and four members of the fJou-se of Repre^cntn-
tives be appointed to inquire into tiie conduct and expend-
itures of the present war; and that they have power to send
for persons and papers, and to ait during the sessions of
either House of Congress, and to employ a stenogiapher.
Mr. GOOCH. I move that the House concur
in that resolution.
Air. COX. I move that the resolution be laid
upon the table; and on that motion 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the resolution had
better go to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COX. Very well; I withdiaw my motion,
and move that the resolution be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to on a division—ayes
92, noes 25.
SECOND ASSISTANT SUCItKTARY OF WAR.
Bill of the Senate No. 50, to authorize the Pres-
ident to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of
War, was taken from the Speaker's table, icad
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
CHICAGO IMPROVEMENTS.
A hill (S. No. 57) declaring the assent of Con-
gress to an act of the Legislature of the State
of Illinois, therein named, was taken from the (
Speaker s table, and read a first and second time, i
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. I will state
to the House that the Committee on Commerce
have had a similar bill under consideration, and
have directed me to report itto the House. There
can be no objection to it, I think, on the part of
any gentleman; and I ask the pievious question
on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agiced to.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means the joint resolution (S. No. 15) amenda-
tory of the joint resolution to supply in part de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the public
printing, and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priation for bounties to volunteers, and asked that
it be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It directs that
the money paid by drafted persons under the act
for calling out the national forces, or that may be
paid under any act for like purpose, shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States,and drawn
out on requisitions as the other public moneys for
the expenses of the draft and for tfee procuration
of substitutes; and it appropriates the money for
that purpose.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by'which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move-that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended,and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cox in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration asi
a special order of a bill (H. R. No. 122) to increase
the internal revenue, and for other purposes.
The bill was read through, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
ojthc United bta'tesof Jim&ica mi Congress assembled, That*
hom and aftei the passage of this act, in lieu of the duty
piovulcd tor in section foity-one of an actentitled "An net
to support the Government, and to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt," appiovcd July 1, 1862, and in addition to duties
payable for licenses, there shall he levied, collected, and
paid on all spirit that may be distilled and sold, or removed
for consumption and sale, of first pi oof, the duty of sixty
cents on each and every gallon; and said duty shall be a
hen and ehaigc on such spirits, and also on tiie distillery
u>ed for distilling the same, with aii the ftill", vessels, fix-
ture?-. and tooHthcieiti,nnd the lot or tract ofland wheieon
the slid dihtillcry is situated, until the said duty .shall be
paid: Prodded, That the said duty on spiiimous hqnois,
and all other spiiituous beveiages eumneiated in fht? a«,t,
shall be collected at no lower rate than the basis of liiat
proof, and shall be increased in piopoition for anv greater
strength than the strength of firstpioof: 1'roiided further,
That all spmts on hand for sale, or removed for consump-
tion or sale, upon winch no duties have been paid or col-
lected, and upon which no returns have been made, whether
distilled prior to tin- date of this act oi not, shall be subject
to tiie rates of duty provided by this act from and aftet the
12th day of January. 1&64.
Src. 2. *flnd he it further cnarlcd, Thatallsphitsor other
article on winch dutie* mo imposed by the provisions of
this act, or of the act referred to m the first section of this
act, and amendments theteto, which shall be found in the
possession or custody or wirhiipthc control of any peiarm
or persons, for the puipovc of being sold by suchpeison or
person*, in fraud of the internal revenue laws, as hereto-
fore referred to, or with design to avoid payment of said du-
ties, may be seized by any collector or deputy collector who
shall have n«ason to believe that, the same are possessed,
had, or held for the purpose or design aforesaid, that the
same shall he forfeited to the United States; and also all •
articles of law materials found in the possession of any per-
son or peisons intending to nianufactuie the same for the
purpose of being sold by then], in fraud of haul laws, o  with
design to evade the paj ment of said duties, and also all
tools, implements, instruments, and personal pi operty what-
soever, u>ed in tiie place or building or within any yard or
irielo'-ure wheie such article;- on inch duties are imposed,
as aforesaid, shall be found, may also be seized by any col-
lector or deputy collector, as aforesaid, and the same shall
be forfeited asaloresaid; and the proceedings to enforce
said forfeiture shall be in the nature of n proceeding i  rem
in the enemt or district.eouit of the United States for the
district wheie such seizure is made, or in any other court
of competent jurisdiction ; and any person who shall luivc
in his custody or possession any such spirits or other arti-
cles, subject to duty as aforesaid, for the purpose of selling
the same vvitii tiie design of avoiding p.niuentof the duties
imposed thereon, shall be liable to a penalty of #500, or not
less than double the amount of duties fraudulently attempted
to be evaded, to be recovered as other penalties provided
by the act heretofore mentioned. And ai^o that the spirits
and other ai tides which shnll be so seized by any collector
or deputy collector shall, dining the pendency of such pro-
ceedings, be dehveied to the m.ushal of said district, and
remain in his caie and custody and under his control until
final judgment m sucn proceedings shall be rendered: Pro-
vided, howevo, Tha' wheie,owmgto the perishable nature
of the propert\ .seized, oxpi-nse of storage or other chcum-
sianccs,the ownei thejeof may, if he so choose, apply to the
assessor ot the distuct, who shall, if he deem it expedient
that the property so'seized should be sold, appraise or have
the same appraised under his duection and control, and the
owner may give bond oi bonds in an amount equal to the
appraised value, with such sureties as the assessor shall
adjudge good and sufficient, which shall be by him trans-
