1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
22&T
convened for the purpose of retiring officers of all
grades in the regular Array. The chief of such
a retiring board is very properly a major general.
Then, too, there are generals at the heads of bu-
reaus, as in the quartermaster's and other import-
ant departments. Others are selected very ne-
cessarily in the time of such great military opera-
tions as are now going on as chiefs of staffs or of
staff corps. These matters must be left to the
discretion of the President or War Department or
General-in-Chief; we can have no control over
them.
Mr. MALLORY. I intended when I asked
the question of the gentleman from Ohio to call
his attention, and that of the House, to the ease
of the gentleman who now acts as quartermaster
of the whole southern district, and who holds the
rank of brigadier general.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose there is not a
doubt that the War Department would think a
general officer was properly employed in so high
a position as that. But there have been, and are
yet, perhaps, some geneial officers who are in
command of posts, or assigned to places, where
they have not so much as a regiment, and where
there is no call for services of the highest military
grade, where, indeed,a colonel, a major, or even
a captain, might as well perform all the duty. I
suppose there can be little doubt that such officers
should be put on different and more important
duty, or else be dropped from the service. But
all that will address itself to the good sense and
judgment of the Commander-in-Chief if this reso-
lution should pass.
I was about to say, sir, when interrupted, that
on looking over this list it will be found that the
cost to the Government of these unemployed
Generals, as they were at the time the report was
made, is stated to be at the rate of $264,378 a
year, and that the cost of those officers of their
personal staffs, necessarily unemployed with
them, being added, would swell the whole amount
to $326,316 a year. The Government has been
paying that, and paying it without equivalent ser-
vices rendered.
1 have not a doubt but that that amount is now
considerably reducecl by the fact that a number
of the officers here named have been dismissed,
or put upon duty properly, and fully. Still, there
must be some two hundred thousand dollars, more
or less, which we are paying without any thing
in return to the Government. This presents the
subject simply in its economical point of view.
Now, sir, as I have said, there is nothing illib-
eral, so also 1 aver there is nothing unusual in
this proposition of the committee; and here I
come to the argument of the gentleman from New
York, (Mr. Kernvn.) He offers a substitute
based upon the proposition, as he says, that he
will never be willing to drop from, or muster out
of, the service of the Government an officer with-
out giving him a chance to be heard.
Mr. KERNAN. By act of Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 accept that modification
of the gentleman's proposition.
All 1 have to say, then, is that the gentleman
is not going to act consistently with the former
legislation of Congress upon this subject; for the
statute-book is full of cases where we have done
precisely the same thing. For instance, as long
ago as 1795, at the very beginning of legislation
in regard to military matters, it was provided in
the fourth scction of "An act for continuing and
regulating the military establishment of the Uni-
ted States" that eavah y should seive as mounted
dragoons when ordered so to do, and that in all
cases of the enlistment of troops there be ex-
pressly reserved to the Government the right to
discharge all or any part thereof at such times
or in such proportion as might be deemed expe-
dient. Thus, Congress was never willing, from
the beginning, to have a military establishment,
except upon the distinct understanding that they
might reduce it at any time they pleased, that the
Government might muster out as many men or
drop as many officers as the changed condition
of affairs might seem to require for the public in-
terests.
In 1847 it was provided by the twenty-first sec-
tion of an act approved March 3, of that year,
that for the purpose of avoiding unnecessary ex-
penses in the military establishment, including
volunteers, thePresidentof the United States was
authorized, in case of failure in filling the rank
and file of any regiment or regiments, to consoli-
date such deficient regiment or regiments, and to
discharge all supernumerary officers. What does
that mean? You find the same idea scattered
through a great many acts of legislation. It is
one of the features of the military establishment
of the country that no officer or man employed
is to be regarded as having a right or claim to be
continued in that servipe if the condition of the
country, its necessities, and the emergencies of
the times shall, in the opinion of the law-making
power, require that his services shall be dispensed
with. But these, and such as these, it may be
claimed, were cases where the liability to be mus-
tered out was made a condition precedent to the
enlistment or appointment. I come, however, to a
modern case, the exact application of which cannot
be questioned. The very last Congress passed
an act commonly known as the enrollment act;
and in the nineteenth and twentieth sections of
that act it is provided that if a regiment shall fall
below a certain number the compan-ies of that
regiment shall be consolidated, and the super-
numerary officers be mustered out. That is, if it
be found that the condition of the regiment and
the condition of the public service, as connected
with that regiment, no longer require the ser-
vices of certain colonels, lieutenant colonels, ma-
jors, or company officers, they must be, and are
by law required to be, dropped from the service;
and this was where no such contingency or con-
dition was foreseen or provided for in advance.
Mr. KERNAN. These cases are where the
Army is to be reduced; but is it claimed that we
are not now needing both major and brigadier
generals in the service ?
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 will come to that pres-
ently.
Mr. KERNAN. If I understand right, a major
general was commissioned during the last week.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, and if we get this law
passed it will make room for a good many men
who are now acting in that capacity while they
are holding the rank of colonel.
Mr. KERNAN. My suggestion is, thatifany
of them are not fully qualified they shall be sent
before an examining board and turned out. The
point I make is, that we should not legislate both
good and bad out of service and appoint others
whom we do not know to be any better.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not see that the gen-
tleman meets my argument. Colonels, lieutenant
colonels, majors, captains, and lieutenants, if the
necessities of the service do not require them to
be retained, are by law required to be dropped.
It is not done with any reference to their qualifi-
cations or their services, but it is required abso-
lutely to be done whenever the law-executing
power sees that the contingency has occurred.
They shall go out of the service because theii ser-
vices can no longer be an equivalent for the sala-
ries paid to them.
But I am not yet done with the gentleman from
New York. A member of this House when the
enrollment act of the present session was undei
consideration—agentleman repiesenting a disti ict
in Maryland, [Mr. Webster]-—rose in his place
and pioposed, as an amendment to that act, the
repeal of those two sections of the old enrollment
act, on the giound that it operated sometimes as
an unnecessary hardship, and that it would be
better to fill up the regiment than tuin its officers
out of the service. That amendment prevailed
in this House. The Senate disagreed to it. A
conference committee was appointed. The gen-
tleman from New York knows, and I know, who
were on that conference committee. He knows,
and I know, which of us agreed to yield to the
Senate on that point as the best thing we could
do, and let the law stand as it is. It will not do
for any of us to say now that we take the posi-
tion that no man shall be dropped from the ser-
vice by provision of law, no matter what may be
the emeigency or the economical view ofthesub-
ject; for we have agreed to do what the Senate
has done—to consent to that principle of legisla-
tion being recognized and retained.
The gentleman's proposition will not hold; it
docs not hold consistently with what Congress
has been doing ever since the organization of the
Government; it does not hold with what the
last Congress did; it does not hold with what
you and 1 and ail of us did at this session of
Congress, when we agreed to let the Saw stand
upon the statute-book providing that officers .
might be dropped if the Government pleases, and
finds it necessary lo the public good, without any
of the formal proceedings which the gentleman
from New Yorknow think? always indispensable.
I will tell you where the difference is. A colonel*
lieutenant colonel, or major may be dropped, and
there is no great outrage perpetrated. A.hey ar£
not likely to be candidates for the presidency.
They are not generals, and have not hosts of
friends to sympathise with them and to exclaim
against a course which the Government finds to
be necessary. Yet, sir, these subordinate posi-
tions are as important to them, the emoluments,
may be as necessary to their subsistence and the
subsistence of their families, and they may be as
deserving by past services as others of higher
grade; but they are merely line or company offi-
cers, and it is all right to drop them. But.how
different is the case when you touch a general,
and especially if it can be suggested that some
political design is mixed up with the act!
Now I hold that the principle involved is the
same, and if we are not willing to apply such a
rule of legislation to general officers then we
should not let the law stand in reference to officers
lower upon the roster. The principle is not only
the same, but I have shown that this very Con-
gress has affirmed that principle. It has been in
its application to regimental officers a subject of
legislation and discussion here, and we have per-
mitted a law tQ stand upon the statute-book that
whenever the Government has no need for the
further services of a man it had the right to dis-
pense with those services. Mr. Speaker, it has
not been the Committee on Military Affairs, but
others, who have brought into view outside con-
siderations and sought to make this a personal
matter when it is but a case of open, fair, and not
; unusual legislation. %
The gentleman fromNewYork [Mr.Kernan]
has said that we have no more general officers
than we need; that we have employment enough
for all we now have in the service, and that how-
ever necessary we may find it to drop other offi-
cers as supernumerary, we ought not to pass this
joint resolution, therefore, to apply to them. I
thank the gentleman for the word. Suppose we
do need, and I do notdeny that we do, as many
major generals and brigadier generals as are now
allowed by law, to command the several corps,
divisions, and brigades of the Army and to fill
other equivalent positions, then this joint resolu-
tion ought certainly to be passed. It ought to be
passed in order that those of these officers, so
limited m number, who are not discharging their
appropriate duties may be set aside to make
room for those to enjoy the emoluments and rank
who are in fact now performing those duties.
Gentlemen here who arc so much concerned for
their friends among the generals seem to have
no thought for the large number of officers of in-
feriorgrade, colonels andlieutenant colonels, who
have been commanding brigades and even divis-
ions. But is it not just that those who bear the
responsibilities and do the work should be pro-
moted to have also the rank and pay?
I want it understood that while gentlemen are
speaking in behalf of general officers as if they
alone were to be affected, the committee present
something which appeals also for justice to that
meritorious class of officers who are to be ad-
vanced if you will make room for them. Then
the proposition announced by gentlemen that wo
have no more major generals than allowed by the
law comes with renewed and double force in sup-
port of my aigument. If it were in the power of
the President to promote all these colonels with-
out reference to the fact whether all the present
commissioned generals remain in the -service or
not, perhaps it would be more entirely and solely
a question of expense. But in thisconnectionit
becomes far more than a qutstion of economy
merely. We are not only proposing to save to
the Government the cost of those who are unem-
ployed, hut we are providing the only way by
which we can rewaid and do justice to those
who have been doing and doing well their work.
Think, gentlemen, when you vote for this meas-
ure that you may be assisting to promote accord-
ing to their rich deserving some of the scarred
and war-worn heroes who have helped to illus-
tiate the battle-fields of liberty.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
