THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
March 24,
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mf, CLAY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to report back from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture Senate bill No. 12,extend-
ing the time within which the States and Terri-
tories may accept the grant of lands made by the
act entitled "An act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts," approved July % 1862.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object, unless I can have
an opportunity to move an amendment permitting
Indiana to appropriate the lands she is entitled to
for certain purposes. Otherwise I must object.
Mr. CLAY. I am instructed unanimously to
report that bill back, with the recommendation
ihat it do pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the bill
be read.
The bill was read in extenso.
, Mr. HOLMAN. I object unless I am allowed
to move the amendment 1 have indicated. 1 have
had the subject referred in a different form to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY. This bill comes from the Com-
mittee on Agticuliure.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presumed the Committee
on Public Lands would have reported upon it be-
fore this time. I ask the House to give the gen-
tleman leave to report his bill back to-morrow in
the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What will
be the condition of the bill if it is allowed to come
in and it gives rise to debate ?
The SPEAKER. It will occupy the time until
disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will pre-
vent other committees from reporting, and I ob-
ject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana'
proposes that the gentleman from Kentucky shall
have the privilege to report the bill back to-moi-
row, which is private bill day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not ob-
ject to that.
Mr. HOLMAN1. And with the understanding
that I shall have an opportunity to submit the
amendment I have indicated.
Mr. PRUYN. I also have an amendment to
submit.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
MRS MARY K. IIAZZAKD.
Mr, SCHENCiv, J move that the Committee
on Military AUairs be discharged from the fur-
ther comddei ation of the bill for the relief of Mis.
Mary E. Hazzard, and that it be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. That was done some days
ago on motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dumont.)
SCHOOLS VOlt NlWltOKS.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move that the Committee
on Military Afians be discharged fiom the fui-
thci consideration of the petition of J. D. Ray,
relative to schools for negroes, confiscation,&c.,
and that it be referred to the select committee on
the rebellious Suites,
The motion was agreed to.
MJLITAUV ROAD IN IDAUO.
Mr. SCtlENCbC moved to discharge the Com-
mittee on MihUuy Allans from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of the Legislative As-
sembly of Idaho Teiritory for a military road
connecting the navigable waters of Missouri and
Columbia rivets, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
The motion wusagued to,
NEW UOAI) 1MIOM: WASHINGTON TO NEW YOltK.
Mr. SCHENCft moved that the Committee
on Mi litai y Allan s !>e discharged from the further
consideration of the pennon of citizens of Phil-
adelphia tor increased facilities for the transpor-
tation of mails, pa*3senners, and freight between
New York and We.slnn^ton, aiid. that it be re-
ferred lo tie; select committee on the subject.
The n.otioij we--! r.giet-d t->.
JCXCU.SLD I'il'XM M21LVICJS OS COMMiarjS.BS.
Mr. SCMENCiC. Mr. Speaker, some time
_ since a speen! cemmitke wars laised to conndcr
a uniform system of coins, weights, and meas-
ures, and the Chair did me the honor to'appomt
me a member of that committee. But I find that
the pressure of business upon me as chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs prevents the
possibility of my paying proper attention to this
other committee. I therefore ask to be excused
from service on the special committee.
Mr. Schenck was excused; and Mr. Stebbins
was appointed in his place.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to be excused from serving on the Committee on
Public Lands. I am on two other committees,
and find the duties too onerous.
Mr. Wadsworth was excused; and Mr. Daw-
son was appointed in his place.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. WADSWORTH asked and obtained leave
of absence for two weeks for Mr. Blair, of West
Virginia.
EDUCATION OF NAVAL CONSTRUCTORS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee on
Naval Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 353) to provide for
the education of naval constructors and engincci s
at the Naval Academy, and for other purposes;
which was recommitted, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. CRAVENS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial from the mayor and common
council of JefFersonville, on the question of a na-
tional armory; which was referred to the special
committee on that subject.
RAILROADS TO NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of busi-
ness to be the consideration of reports from com-
mittees, under which the House would resume the
consideration of House bill No. 307, in regard to
theRaritan and Delawaie 13ay Railroad Compa-
ny, on which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pen-
dleton] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. I understand thatan ar-
rangement has been made by the gentleman who
has charge of this bill that a vote shall not be
taken upon it till next week, or some future time.
If that be so, I suggest that the bill be postponed
to the day fixed, and made the special order after
the morning hour. 1 understand theie are a num-
ber of gentlemen who desire to speak on the bill,
and it, will certainly facilitate business, and not
block up pints of communes, to have it take
that course, i suggest, if it be agreeable, rhat it
be postponed till tomorrow two weeks and made
n special oidev nfter the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
its being made a special order.
The SPEAKER. There are two postpone-
ments already—the one the bill tograntto certain
States a republican form of government, which is
made the special order after the bank bill shall
have been disposed of; also the bill in lelation to
unemployed Army officers, which is postponed
till April 6 and made n special order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have no choice as to
the day. My proposition is only to facilitate
business. I iiope the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wasiiburxe] will not object to its being made a
special order for some future day; any that will
be convenient to the gentleman who has charge
of the bill and to the 1 lou.se.
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My objec-
tion is to its be.ng mode a special oidei after the
morning hour. The Committee on Commerce,
of which I have the honor to be chairmen, has a
vast amount of business before it, and I do not
see any prospect of that committee being called,
unless we adhere moie strictly to the rules of the
House.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 have no disposition to
have it made a special order if the gentleman who
has charge of the bill docs not desire it. I move
to postpone it generally till to-monow two weeks
after the morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless there is some spccial
reason for the contiary I hope we will go on with
(his bill, and clear tho track.
Mr. DEMING. Mr. Speaker, 1 certainly must
object seriously to the postponement of this bill
in the manner indicated by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr-. Pendleton.] We were prepared this
morning to hear gentlemen who intimated that
they were prepared to speak on this subject dur-
ing the morning hour, and then to have it take its
course in the regular order of business of the
House. I made an arrangement yesterday with
gentlemen on both sides—those in favor oi the
bill and those opposed to the bill—that I would
not move the previous question this morning, but
I did not anticipate that a motion to postpone it
would be introduced, thus denying it the prece-
dence which it already has in the morning hour.
Now, I am perfectly willing to go on at this
time and discuSs the bill during the morning hour,
or, if it can be done without prejudice to its posi-
tion, I am willing to postpone it until the next dajr,
when itmay come up in the regular order of busi-
ness. I must, however, certainly decline to accede
to the postponement of the bill for a fortnight,
thereby depriving it of the place it already occu-
pies on the Calendar.
I had supposed the gentleman from Ohio was
ready to go on with a discussion of the bill this
morning. Other gentlemen had intimated to me
that they were ready to go on with the discussion
this morning, and if that be the case I am willing
that the discussion shall proceed during the morn-
ing hour; but I am, as I said, strenuously op-
posed to its postponement for a fortnight.
Mr. PENDLETON. My object was not to
place the bill in any worse position in respect to
precedence than it now occupies; but the proposi-
tion I made was made because I understood sev-
eral gentlemen wished to be heard on this bill, and
because I understood the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Deming,] who has charge of the
bill, had postponed taking a final vote upon it
until some day next week. I therefore proposed
that the bill should be postponed until such day
as the gentleman from Connecticut had determ-
ined for taking the vote upon it, and then to al-
low the debate to go on until the debate should
become exhausted, and then let the vote be taken.
I will not, however, press the motion against the
wishes of the gentleman who has charge of the
bill.
Mr. DEMING. I will state again that I have
made no arrangements in reference to this bill ex-
cept, for the accommodation of gentlemen who are
opposed to the bill and also those who are in favor
of the bill, that the vote should not be called upon
it to-day. I feel honorably bound to adhere to
thatarrangement. I could notdo otherwise with-
out a violation of my honor and without a breach
of good faith, for upon that assurance gentlemen
who are in favor of the bill as well as gentlemen
opposed to it are not now in the House.
1 desire lo ask the Speaker, if the bill goes over
now, when it will again come up in the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. If the morning hour is con-
sumed in the discussi'on of the bill, it will come
up in the regular order of business in the morning
hour on Tuesday next, unless business should
intervene to take precedence of it. If the bill
which has been postponed and made a special
order for Monday after the morning hour—tho
ship canal bill—is not disposed of on that day it
will come up on Tuesday as unfinished business
and would take precedence of this bill. Other-
wise this bill would come up on Tuesday next
in the morning hour.
Mr. DEMING. Then if the discussion goes
on to-day during the morning hour, will the bill
come up again on Tuesday?
The SPEAKER. It will, except in the con-
tingency the Chair has stated.
Mr. DEMING-. So I supposed,und I there-
fore proposed that the debate should go on; but
I understand now that the gentleman is not ready-
to £0 on at this time.
Mr. PENDLETON. I did not say that I was
not ready to go on. I am ready.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that if
this bill goes over now by unanimous consent
until Tuesday, the call of committees may then
be proceeded with during tho morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot give consent to any
further interruption of the regular order. I think
we had better go on in order.
Mr. DEMING-. I am perfectly ready to go on
with it.
Mr. BROOMALL. If the gentleman from
Ohio who is entitled to the floor is not ready to
go oil to-day, 1 desire to submit some remarks oil
the bill to-day.
