3214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
predictions have been fulfilled. If the House in
their .^honest judgment think I am wrong now
they can take a different course, and I only pray
that I may prove a false prophet; hut I have no
doubt myself that I have painted the results in
milder colors than the facts will develop.
MESSAGE FROM TlfE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate have agreed to the amendments of the House
to the bill of the Senate (No. 85) to provide for the
examination of certain-officers of the Army.
•That the Senate have passed a bill ana joint
resolutions of the House of the following titles:
An act (No. 545) to amend an actentitled "An
act to provide for the payment of horses and
other property destroyed in the military service
of the United States;"
Joint resolution (No. 87) amendatory of an net
to provide for the deficiency in the appropriation
for the pay of officersand menactuallyemployed
in the Western deparmentor department of Mis-
souri; and
Joint resolution (No. 107) for the relief of
Major Morris Si Miller, of the quartermaster's
department.
' That the Senate have also passed bills of the
following titles; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (No. 273) to compensate the officers and
crew of the iron-clad gunboat Essex for the de-
struction of the rebel ram Arkansas; and
An act (S. No. 292) to provide for the efficiency
of the Navy.
3 ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of tin; following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. It.No."453) to increase the pension
of Isaac Allen; and
An act (H, R. No. 192) making appropriations
■ for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of thfc Government for the year ending
June 30, 18(i5, and lor other purposes.
WAYS AND MKAN3—AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL, i i egret that the d istinguishod
gentleman from Pennsylvania should have felt it
his duty to have presented such an argument to
the House as he has no doubt felt it his duty to
do. If i did not regard it fraught with infinite
mischief I should nut say a word upon this occa-
sion. It issurpiising to mc that a gen tic man with
bo clear a head as the gentleman from Pt-nnsylva-
nia, utici Iy denying that he is proposing anything
which will lead to repudiation, should propose
the very first step that will inevitably lead to re-
pudiation if it should be adopted by the House.
Now, what do we see in the southern confed-
eracy ? They have no demand there for gold.
Only a few days ago the congress at Richmond
refused to appropriate the sum of $2,000 in gold
to their piesideut, and yet we know the pi ice of
gold in Richmond as well as in Wall street.. Does
the gentleman, while repudiating all extreme le-
gislation in relation to the sale and speculation in
gold, (wherein i do not disagree with him,) ex-
pect to avoid it by extieme legislation, by which
there will be no oppottumty to measure the price
of gold? ignore gold as much as you please, it
will still exist and havens value. Any othci idea
isuueily preposterous. If we do not pay our
debts in gold, would there not still be a maiket
value for it in evei y city in the coun tiy ? It is ut-
terly impossible to prevent the measurement of
the value of gold, legislate as we may.
Now, a won! in lelatiou to the payment of in-
terest. The parties who negotiate loans with the
United Stales are as keenly alive to what they get
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania is. They
know now when they loan to the Government,
and get six per cent., payable in gold, they get
ten oi twelve per cent, according to the premium
on gold; and does the gentleman suppose thatin
a time of war like this, when the country is toni
and lacerated from center to circumference, that
we can obtain a loan for six percent. ? If theie is
any gentleman of that opinion in the House 1 pity
his intelligence. No nation has ever yet raised
money m a long, exhausting, and expensive war
at the oidifiary rate.
Mr. STEVENS. My bull proposes eight per
cent.
Mr. MORRILL. I know it does; but that
sum is not equal even to five per cent, in gold; and
our Secretary of the Treasury has undertaken,
as I think unwisely at such a time as this, to ob-
tain money at five per cent.—much less than the
ordinary rate—and the loan has proved less pop-
ular than'thesix percent, five-twenties. If the gen-
tleman's proposition should carry, what may we
probably expect? Why, that the rate of interest
would be double or treble, just in proportion as
our currency should decrease in value. Then, in-
stead of the small sum we are payfftg for interest,
it would be double, triple, or quadruple. It might
be as hard to pay one hundred or one hundred
and fifty millions in paper as fifty in gold. This
is as plain as any proposition can be, and a result
sure to follow an exclusive paper basis.
Again, the gentleman states here that if our war
shall continue for two years longer our debt, in-
stead of being as it is now, a little over seven-
teen hundred million dollais, would amount to
$4,000,000,000; and yet that gentleman is the
chairman and head of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow
me to ask him whether he believes thatour whole
debt, if collected together, is not two or three
thousand millions.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think it amounts to
even two thousand millions at the present time.
I take the Secretary of the Treasury's statement
as correct, or a little over seventeen hundred
millions. Certainly the gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania, as chaiiman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, should know something of what we
expect to accomplish by the legislation now be-
fore the House and heretofore reported. I think
the gentleman from Pennsylvania and other gen-
tlemen in the House must know that they will
realize not leas than §350,000,000 of revenue,and
if the expenditures should not be more than
§100,000,000 over what has been estimated by
the Secietaiy of the Tieasury, our expenses at
the end of two years more, with the same aggie-
gate expense in each year, cannot even reach
g.3,000,000,000, nor much over #2,500,000,000.
That is nn impoitnnt error in the gcnilemau's
calculation. We have been over three ycats in
the war, with everything to cieate for war pur-
poses, ami with very little unusual taxation, and
now, wtth all our implements of war on hand
and with an enormous increase of taxation the
gentleman is pleased to say our debt will increase
mole for two yeais to come than in the three
years past. I do not expect that we can carry on
this war for a gieat length of time at this ex-
traordinary rate of expenditure. I clearly foresee
that the tune may come when we may have to
stop from sheer exhaustion, but not now, nor
next year, northe year after; but underthe propo-
sition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania the
war will stop at a much earlier period—a period
we can compute. If wo should maugmate a sys-
tem of paper money and paper bonds, entirely
without ballast, I tell you, Mr. Speaker, that they
will become as inflated as soap-bubbles, and rise
equally light and equally valueless. Our only
salvation is in clinging to the sohd securities and
of paying our interest in gold and paying our
bonds in gold.
Mr. WILSON, Mr. Speaker, I think that we
should receive from the members of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means declarations prepared
with much more caie than are dropping from
their lips here constantly. The gentleman from
Vei mont has just made a remaik which I think
should not have been made by him or any other
member of this House; and that is, that we shall
have to stop this war from sheer exhaustion.
Now, sir, does the gentleman suppose that the
resources of the Government of the United States
will be exhausted befoie the same process will
biing the rebellion to a close?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir.
Mr. WILSON. Then 1 hope that gentlemen
occupying the position that he and others on that
commiUte do in this House will be a little inure
guarded in the expressions which they send to
the country fiom their places here.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 thought 1 had sufficiently
guaidod my statement by the intimation that it
would be at a period at a considerable distance
from this time, because I said that it would not
be this year, next year, or the year after. Not
a time to be apprehended, and yet possible. I
think that no other gentleman in the House un-
derstood me that it was very near. I only meant
to suggest that some time might be reached when
it was possible to become exhausted^ but I fully
agree with the gentleman from Iowa in suppos-
ing that the rebels will be likely to be exhausted
much sooner than we can be.
Now, Mr. "Speaker, I trust that we arc not
about to adopt this proposition, although the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has pressed it; with
more than his usual emphasis and with his ac-
customed ability, which has been haunting him,
and which has been presented by him on so many
former occasions. I trust that we are not at this
late period of the session,and in a hasty manner,
about to revolutionize our whole system of ob-
taining loans and maintaining the credit of the
country. I should regard itas an error forwiiich,
if made, no remedy would remain. 1 believe that
with the revenue measures now pending between
the two Houses we have ample security that all
the money that we want, beyond the amount that
shall be paid in as taxes, will be obtained on our
bonds and other securities at reasonable rates, and
I trust and believe that it will not hereafter be
necessary for the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue another dollar of Jegai tender, but rather
that he will be able to withdraw and diminish the
amount now in ciiculation.
Mr. HOOPER obtained the floor.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. HOOPER. Certainly.
Mr. FENTON. 1 had not intended to discuss
this question, and I am not prepared to do so now,
but if the subject shall go over until to-morrow,
I will attempt to answer the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania as well as I can, and to show that his
positions are not only unsound but mischievous
to the credit and finances of the Government. I
do not wish to ask that action on the bill shall be
delayed, but I dimply say that if itshallgoover I
shall seek an opportunity to address the House
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
recommit the bill with the pending amendment
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. I-IOLMAN. I raised the point of order
simply for the purpose of having an opportunity
to have a vote m the House on the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union with reference to the taxation by the
States of bonds issued under the authority of
Congress. I will withdraw the point of Older if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will give me
the opportunity of submitting that amendmentto
the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not understand the
gentleman before. If I have the power, I will
give him the opportunity he seeks.
Mr. HOLM AN. I withdraw the point of order.
Mr. HOOPER. I renew the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. HOLMAN' I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania by
striking out the words " and all bonds, Treasury
notes, and other obligations of the United States
shall be exempt from taxation by or under Slate
or municipal authority."
Mr. HOOPER. 1 dow move theprevious ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has moved to recommit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the stme of the Union.
The previous question was seconded, mid the
main question ordered.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to; and
the bill was recommitted to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOOPER. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the loan bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The mles were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boutwell
in thechair,) and resumed the consideration ot the
bill (H. 11. No. 515) to provide ways and means
for the suppoit of the Government, and for oilier
purposes, the question being on the amendment
