2238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That whenever any officer comprehended in
this act shall demand a hoard of inquiry according to the
rule5 and icgulations in such eases, and who shall be will-
nig to save, that such board shall be forthwith convened;
and if said board shall find him competent to command in
the rank to which he is entitled, he shall be at once re-
stored to active service with lull pay: And provided further,
That all oftfcers who have received the thanks of Congress
during the present war shall be exempted from the piovis-
ions of this act.
Mr. PEND"LETON demanded the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
6 The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 46, nays G9; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Ancoiia, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
James S. Brown, William ti. Brown, Chanler, Cravens,
EdeiijEdgerton,Eldru!ge, English, Fmek, Gi uler,Gu wo!d,
Hall, Harrington, Horrick, Hutchins, Philip Johnson, Kalb-
fleisch, Kernan, King, Lon<r, Mallory, Marcy, MeKinney,
Middleton, James 11. Moms, Morupou, Noble, Odell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, Robi;t&on, James S. Koilins,
Ross, Scott, John iJ. Steele, Stiles,Stuart,Thomas,Wads-
worth, Wheeler, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John D.Bald win, Heanian, B out well, Boyd, Broom-
all, Amliiihe W. CHuk, Freeman Claike, Cole, Cre&well,
Ilemy Winter Davis, Driggn, Eliot, Farn*worth, Fenton,
Garfield, Gooeh, Gnnnell, Hisby. Hotehki^, A^aliei W.
IIuhbard,Hulburd,Jenckes, Julian, Kasson,KeIIey, Ei ancis
W. Kellogg, .Littleiohn, Loan, Longyear, McBnde, Me-
Chtrg, Mclndoe, Mooihead, Momll, Darnel Morii-?. Amoq
Myers Leonard Mvcr-, Noiton, Charles OWeill, Orih, Pat-
tei.-on. lVrham, Pike, Pomeioy, Puce,William H. Randall,
Alexander li ilice, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins,
Schenek, Seofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smilhers, Spalding,
Tiaey, U|>-on, William B. Washbuni, Webster, Wilder,
Wilson, Wmdoin, and Woodbudge—69.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. J. W. WHITE stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Ecki.ky.
Mr. ASIILE YstatoU that Mr. C. A. Whjte was
paired off with Mr. Donnkli.y, and that Mr.
IIolman was paired off with Mr. Dumont,
Tin; question next recurred upon tlie substi-
tute heretofore offered by Mr. Ki:u\tan, as fol-
lows:
lie it > ("tolvpit hy the Senate anJ Iloitsc of Iirpt rsentcttim
of Hit United Slates of Jhnerica in L'ou«i csi as^eiithlrtl, That,
a- M)<m a-. po-Mble ath'i the pa^aur ln-ieol, the President
oi ilie lTnited States f-hall designate and c.'iu-.e to convene
a boaid of competent military officei^ lioin I Inwe m active
rerviee, to coiioi^t of three majoi generah, thiee hngadiei
"eneials, and thiee colonel*-, wlueh boaid shall, under regu-
lation^ to be prescribed by the Seeretaiy ot' VVai, make a
cueiiil examination into the competency, fitness, and effi-
ciency tot command of such majoi geneiaH and hi i^adn'i
geneuls in the seivieeoi (he United States who, on the
IH day ot July, 1HH, t-h.ill not he \\\ the peit'oimanee of
duty oi service eoi ropoixhng with his i.tnk and giade, ami
who-shall not have berii on«a ed in «ctie|t dittv ot -invu-e
lor three months continuously next pnoi to that date, and
repuit lo the Secretary ot War the name-; and jank of each
ot Mich geneials who in the opinion ot .-aid boaid t-hall ne
incapable of efficiently and piopeily peifoiming the dniie-i
of his  tank in the seivice. And each officer who by the
report of phuI boaid is found incapable ot propci ly anil elh
Ciently performing the dutM's of his rank <ltull, if stieh opin-
ion and icpoit be appiovcd hy the Purulent of ihe lrniied
State-", be then diopped fmm the mlh ot the Army ol the
United State-!, and nil the pay, allowance-.,,uid eiiioiiuiien!:-
of such gi'iieial ofhcer& *,o diopped shall eea<e tmni lliat
date, and the vacancy mi occasioned may be filled by new
piomotions and appomtmeiUs a^ in oiliet (Mmc*. jUit no
officer h to be eonsulei ed ;k included m the foiegoing pio-
viaion whose absence from duty *hall have been oeea.-ioned
by wounds received or disease contiaetcd in the line of his
duty whili* in the nuhtaiy service ot the d Slays or
by hin being a piisonei ot \va  in the hand1-ot the enemy
or under paiole; and any major geneial of volunteers or
brigadier general <>1 vohuitceis who may have been ap
pointed fiom the re^nlat Annv undtn the nuthonty yiveu
in section lout of ilie a< t approved July ^2, idtil, to authoi-
ize the emp!o\io<'iif ol volunfcnf to aid m enfoicing the
luw^ and piotcctmg nubhc propci ty, and the acts amenda-
tory theieot, who shall be s?o diopped iiom tlie ioll-i shall
not thereby he dischariretl Jiom th<* .--erviee of the United
States, hut >hall be remitted to lu.s jtosmoii and duty as an
oliieei ot the rc%ular Army.
Mr KERNAN called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 50, nays G9; ns follows:
YEAS—Messi!-. Ancona, Bailv, Augustus C P.aldwhi,
Jacob h. lUan, Hi ooks, James S. l>iown, William G. !>rown,
Ghanler, C'ravctn. E(h,u. Ed e) ton, ' Kldnd^e, Cn^hsh,
Fuick. Gnder. Gnswoid, Hale, Hall, ll:nnn«ton, lletuck,'
ffntcluns, Pinlip Johnson. Kalbtleisch, Kernan, Kin</.
Long. Maliorv, .Marcy, McKumey,MuUUeton, WiUiam iL
Miller, Jamc1- U. Mom-, IMoru-on, Noble, Odell, John
O'Wili, J'eudh'tnn, Piujn, Kolun>on, Ko.^, Sunii, John
15. Steele, Stiles, Stuait, Thomas, Wad.-\\oith, Whaiey,
W"hee|er, IVinando Wood, and Veaman—."iU.
NAYS—Me--r- Alley, Alh-ou. Ames. Aiuler-.on, Arnold,
Asiiley. J'ljin }). Intldwin, IJaMej, Penman, Uoutwe!!,
Boyd, Broomall, Ambrose W. Claik, Freeman Clarke, Cole,
Cretswcll, Henry Winter Davis, De'ming, Dungs, Eliot.
Farriswoith, Ecnton, Gni field, Gnnnell, Highy, Hooper,
Ilotchkiss, AsahelW. Huhbaul, Jenckes, Julian, Kat-son,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, Littiejohn,Loan, Longvear, McHnde,
McClure, Mclndoe, Mooihend, Mornll, Daniel Moiris,
Amos Myers, Leonaid Myers, Norton, Char5r% O'Neill,
Perham, I'ike, Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John II. itice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck,
Scolield, Shannon, Sloan, Smithcis, Spalding, Stevens,
Tracy, CJpson, Van Valkenburgh, William B.Washburn,
Webster, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,and Woodbridge—69.
So the substitute was rejected.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the previous question
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, called for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the joint resolu-
tion.
Tlie yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it wasdecided in
tlie affirmative—yeas "72, nays 45; as follows:
y has—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley. John D. Baldwin, Baxtci, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair,
Boutwell, Boyd.Ambrose VV. Clark, Fieeman Clarke, Cole,
Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Deming, Drieg5!, Eliot,
Famswouh, Gavfiehl, Gooch, Gnnnell, ihsby, llotchkiss,
Jenekes, Julian, Kass on, ICeiley, Francis W. lvellogg, Lit-
tlejohn, Loan, Longyeai, McBiide, MeClurg, Mclndoe,
Moorhead, Morull, Darnel Morns, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myeis?, Noiton, Charles CNcill, Oitli, Patterson, Perham,
Pike. Pomeroy, Pncc, William 11. RandaU, Alexander 11.
Rice, John H. Rice. Edward f 1. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield,
Shannon, Sloan, Smtthers, Spalding, Thomas, Tracy, Up-
son, Van Valkenbtir h, William B. Washburn, Web-vter,
Whaiey, Wilder, Wilson, VVmdom, Woodbridge, and Yea-
inan—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baily, AulmisIih C. Baldwin,
Brooks, Jami's S. Brown, William G Brown, Chanlei,
Ciavons.Edeu', Edgeiton, Kklridge,En h>h, Fmck, Grider.
Hall, Hairington, Hemck, llutehnib, Philip Johnson, Kalb-
flfisch, Keman, Kintr, Long, Mallojy, Maicy, MeKinney,
Muldleton, William II. Miller, James R. Moitis, Morrison,
Noble. Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, Robirison,
ltd--!, Scott,John B. Steele, Stevens, Stiles,Stuart, Wads-
wot Ih, Wheeler, and Fernando Wood—4.">.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During (he call of the roll,
Mr. MOOUHL'wVD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Williams, was paired with his other col-
league, Mi. Strouse.
Mr. SLOAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Cobb, was absent on account of sickness in his
family,and was paired with Mr.LeBlond.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
M r. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
uIho moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL MONEY-ORDER SYSTEM.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to go to die Speaker's table for the
pui pose of ty king up the amendments of the Senate
to Rouse bill No. IS5, establishing a postal money-
order system.
There was no objection; and the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate.
Mr. ALLEY stated that the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads recommended a con-
cunence.
The amendments were read and severally con-
curred in.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred m; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be Imd upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ItEPAIR OF PUBLIC WORKS.
Mr. L1TTLEJOHN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the repair and preservation
ofccrtain public wotksof the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
.TOIIN P. liUUCE.
Mr. BAXTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the usual resolution to
pay John P. Bruce per diem and mileage for at-
tendance during the contested-election ease from
the seventh congressional district of Missouri.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
introduced and referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, with leave to report at any time.
CHARLES M". STOUT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill for the relief of
Charles M. Stout, late lieutenant and acting ad-
jutant of the seventh regiment Pennsylvania re-
serves; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CAPTAIN HUNT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported adversely to the printingofthe
papers in the case of Captain Hunt; which was
laid upon the table.
And then, on motion of Mr. STILES, (at fif-
teen minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.   
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 12,1864.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mi . LANE, of Kansas. I move that when
the Senate adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. WILSON. I think that motion had bet-
ter lie overuntil the Senate is fuller than itis now,
and then we can determine it.
Mr. CARLILE. We cannot do anything.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If any Senator ob-
jects to it I will not press the motion now. I
made the motion because it is my ownfeeling that
we cannot do anything under present, circum-
stance s
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is objected to,.and it will lie over.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, subsequent!y'(in exec-
utive session) renewed the motion.
Mr. TEN EYCIt and Mr. DIXON called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered, and
being taken resulted—yeas 19, nays 16; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mes<r?i. Buckaievv, Carhle, Chandler, Conness,
Davit-, Gnnies, Henderson,Ilowtud, Johnson, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kan-.is, Ne--irjith, Powell, Ramsey,Richard-
son, Salisbury, Spiague. Wade, anil Wilkinson—19.
NAYS—Mcfsiti. Anthony, Olatk," Cowan, Dixon,«Poo-
liule, ij'oot, I'ostet, Harlan,'Harris, Morgan, Moirill, Sum-
ner, 'J1 en Evck, Trumbull, Wiiley, and Wilson—16.
ABSKN'P—Messrs. Btown, Collamer, f'essenden, Hale,
Harding, Hendricks. Hicks, Howe, McDougall, Pomeroy,
Riddle, Sherman, Van Winkle, and Wiight.
So the mption was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a me-
morial of citizcns of Manchester, New Hamp-
shire> remonstrating against the extension of the
Goodyear patent for the manufacture of vulcan-
ized India rubber; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial of publish-
ers of books sold by subscription or traveling,
remonstratingagainstany license on agents travel-
ing through the country for the purpose of selling
books, maps, or prints; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of western Pennsylvania, praying for the enact-
ment of suitable law for the encouragement of
foreign immigration, and for an appropriation of
funds to be employed for that purpose; which
was referred to the Committee ou Agriculture.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of citizens
of New Yoik remonstrating against the exten-
sion of the Goodyear patent for the manufacture
of vulcanized India rubber; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of the
directors of the Washington City Savings Bank,
praying for an amendment of the charter of that
institution, to correct certain clerical errors in the
names of its corporator, and providing that the
limitation of the amount which may be held by
any one depositor at any one time shall not be
held to apply to deposits payable on demand
without interest; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Distiiet of Columbia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented eight petitions of
men and women of Racine county, Wisconsin,
praying for the adoption of measures for abolish-
ing slavery in the United States, and an amend-
ment of the Constitution forever prohibiting its
existence; which were leferred to the select com-
mittee on slavery and freedmen.
