1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
offered by Mr. Stevens to the first section, in the
nature of ti substitute, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he Is hereby,
authorized to borrow, from time to time, on the credit of
the United Urates, §400,000,000, for theservice of the fifcal
year ending June 30, 1865, and to issue therefor coupon or
registered bonds of the United States, redeemable, at the
piofthure of the Government, after any period not less than
twenty nor more than thirty years, and, if deemed expedi-
ent, madq payable at any period not more than forty years
fiom date, payable in com. And said bonds shall be of
such denominations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
direct, not loss than fifty dollars, and bear an annual in-
teic-i-tnot exceeding eight per cent., payable semi-annu-
ally ; and the interest on all bonds heietofore issued, pay-
able annually, may be paid1 semi annually; and in lieu of
such bonds, authorized to be issued, the Secretary of the
Tieasury may "issue bonds, bearing interest, payable semi-
annually. And the Secretary of the Trensuiy may dispose
of such bond*, or any part thereof, in the United States, or,
if he shall find it expedient, in Europe, at any time, on such
terms as he may deem most advisable, for lawful money of
tiie United States,or, at hisdisctetion, for Treasury notes,
certificates of indebtedness, or certificates of deposit issued
under any act of Congress. And he may also isj-ue iu ex-
change for Treasuiy notes heretofoie issued bearing <seveii
and thiee tenths percent, interest. beMdes the six per cent,
bonds heretofore authorized, like bonds of tiie denomina-
tions of $100 and of $50.
"Mr. STEVENS. In order to settle the ques-
tion simply of paying the interest in currency
and the principal in com, I withdraw the rest of
my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
I regret very much to differ at this time with the
views put forward by the distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] As the
Representative on this floor of a portion of the
people of the United States, 1 have but one ques-
tion to ask myself, and that is, in what manner
1 can best and most efficiently sustain the Gov-
ernment. To that 1 am pledged at all tunes and
under all circumstances. And although 1 may
disagree in my individual opinion with the opin-
ions of those who control the Government, I shall
not falter in my support of the Government by
reason of that disagreement.
As an original proposition I should have agreed
with the views put forth by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Hut, sir, we have to take things
as theyaie. We must look to the facts not of the
past but of the present. Our Government is com-
mitted to policy in reference to the character and
nature of its loans; and although I would have
disagreed originally with the policy which the
Government has pursued, I am bound now to
sustain the policy adopted because 1 believe we
cannot with honor or with safety depart from it.
We hold the Administration and its Depart-
ments responsible for carrying on this war; and
I am not yet prepared as a Representative to deny
them the means, the facilities, the instrumentali-
ties by which alone as they assure us tins war
can be successfully prosecuted. The time may
come when ail the predictions of my friend from
Pennsylvania may be realized. If so let it come.
1 am ready to share the destinies of the American
people. 1 am ready to sink under the old ilag of
the Republic; and, so help me God, f will go to
my grave under no other.
1 am not so much afraid of the future as some
gentlemen upon this floor appear to be. I have
confidence in the power and the resources of the
country, and if wc can properly exercisc our
power and develop our resources we may look
upon the existing liabilities of the country with-
out apprehension.
Allusion has been made in the House to the
great national debt of England at the close of the
war of 1815, restmgas is said as an incubus upon
that country.
That, sir, is a comparison unworthy of the
American people and the American Republic,
even in the present condition of public afFuhs.
What were the resources of England then com-
pared with ours now? Wei have almost a conti-
nental domain which is still loyal, fertile in us
soil and inexhaustible in its mineral wealth, con-
taining in its bosom, beyond the Sierra Nevada
and ni the Territory of Colorado, gold and silver
enough to pay the national debt ten times over;
and we, like England m her wars with Napoleon,
must in our conflict with rebellion look to the
development of the agricultural, manufacturing,
and mining interests of the country.
We huve, then, the means in ample abundance
of paying every dollar of debt which the war
may impose, if we will avail ourselves of them,
and can bring the conflict to a successful close.
If we cannot do this, let us go down like men in
a determined and patriotic effort to do our duty
as citizens of the great Republic. .
I am, sir, for the prosecution of the war in the
most vigorous and efficient manner; and to sus-
tain the Government in those financial measures
which are found essential to this end t would
give to the country and its cause the last dollar,
the last man, the last interest to suppress the re-
bellion and preserve its unity and greatness.
Mr. STEVENS. I will ask the gentleman
whether he does not think that with a taxofover
$320,000,000 per year we should not be more likely
to put it down than with a tax of $840,000,000?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I unswer the in-
quiry of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] by saying that what I fear is that the
proposition now brought by him before the House,
with the statements made by him, will shock the
credit of the country; that men will feel that the
Government has no confidence in its ability to
carry on the war upon the system of finance
which the proposition recommends; and that the
currency of the country will be so much deranged
and its securities so much impaired as to bring
us to a position analogous to that which existed
in the latter days of the Revolution,and we know
from history what was then the worthlessness of
all Government securities.
Now, sir, 1 believe that if we pursue a-judicious
course, if wedraw judiciously upon theresources
of the country and make a just and economical
application of those resources, we shall beable to
derive an income that will be sufficient to pay
every dollar of interest upon any obligations we
may assume. The people are ready to assume
lho.se obligations* they are ready to submit to
taxation; and although, op I have said before, I
would have approved the scheme of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania as an original proposi-
tion, 1 am not ready to do it now, when I know
the effect will be to impair seiiousiy the credit of
the Atneiican Government.
Mr. Chairman, our indebtedness now existing
or existing on the 14th of June, 1864, is $1,719,-
31)5,000. That is an amount which i say that we
can pay without difficulty if we can only put |
down this rebellion; and that sve can put it down
is as true as that there is a God in heaven, if we
only stand united and firm together, agreeing
upon sound measures of policy by which the war
is to be prosecuted. I thercfoie deprecate most
earnestly, upon the part of those who claim to be
and as 1 know are the honest friends of the Gov-
ernment, any attempt to favor such measures as
will of necessity impair the credit and jeopardize
the safety of the country. This is no party ques-
tion; it involves no party issue; it relates to the
whole people and affects the very life-blood of
the nation, which is the credit of the Govern-
ment. On such a question, and at such a time,
I am ready to sacrifice my individual opinions to
the great public necessity. Sir, there is no sacri-
fice which is too great; if it be property, the little
I have i am willing to offer; if it be life, I am ;
willing to give it for the preservation of my coun- !
try. It is not then, ay 1 believe, an error or a j
crime m matters which aie not of conscientious i
obligation to defer my private judgment to the |
matured opinions of those who are constitution- I
ally charged with the responsibilities of guarding j
the Republic from danger and of conducting its j
affairs. _ I
Sir, I hope most fervently that in this House, j
when we have appioached so near the close of i
this session, which must put it beyond our power '
to retueve errois if we now commit them, we '
shall not adopt the pending proposition, which i
will prove, I fear, a measure of discord. '
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly not a measure of,
discord if we agree to it!
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Chairman, h
I can see m it nothing but discord, if we force ||
upon the financial Department of the Government | j
a system to maintain and increase our financial |
strength, which in the judgment of that Depart-
ment will blight the pubiic'ciedu. We invite the
Government to fill up the armies, equipped with .
all the aims and material for active service. We j
direct the increase of our Navy, and in a thou- j
sand ways we pledge the faith of the Government 'i
to redeem the onerous obligations we assume, j;
and then we provide for the payment of these lia- ;j
bilities by authorizing the Secretary of theTreas- n
ury to negotiate the l?ondsof«the nation ,*on whiefo"
interest sh^ll be paid, not, as before, in coin, but*
in currency, worth-now noMialfas much as coin.
I am well aware^ sir, that the honorable greii- '
tleman from Pennsylvania'[Mi\ SteSvens] offers
his proposition with no unpatriotic'motive, and •
with no desire to embarrass or hinder tho opera-;
tiona of the Government; but if it shall produce -
discord between Congress and the Treasury De-
partment; if it shall cripple and take away' the
power of that Department to do what is necessary
to maintain the public credit, how are the Army
and Navy to be preserved in their efficiency, or
to be increased; in what way is the public credit
to be preserved? By what means is the machin-
ery of the Government to be carried on ? If we
fail in the accomplishment of these purposes, I
see before us nothing biitdisaster, desolation, and
bankruptcy, and upon bankruptcy will follow
repudiation.
in my judgment this'is no time for doubtful
experiments, and I believe it for the present safer
to continue upon the existing system than to try
a new one in which failure would be fatal. It may
be safely assumed that upon the basis proposed ;
in the bill before the House the public credit can-'
not be presently depreciated; indeed, I hope it.
will be perfectly preserved. At all events, we can
learn in a-short period what its effect will'be; and
shall then be better prepared to say who is right
and who is wrong. A few months only will bring
us to the openingof another session of Congress, •
and if we in the mean time find by actual exper-
iment that the operation of the bill is unsatisfac-
tory and inefficient we can then with greater
reason and with greater confidence try the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, or
any other which may be deemed expedient. I*
hear my honorable friend from Pennsylvania sug-
gesting some enactment like* the " gold bill." I
believe we did not differ on .that measure. I have
always regarded legislation to regulate the value
of gold, or any other article of universal value,
as utterly idle and worthless; and although I
should rejoice to find that any law could arrest
speculation in coin, I have no confidence in or ex-
pectation of such a result. I did not support the
gold bill because I believed, ay, I think 1 knew
that, passed or not passed, the market value of
gold would be substantially unchanged. But the
measure before us is one of vital importance, and
we should ponder well before we determine to
overturn the basis on which our finances have
hitherto been successfully conducted.
The proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania relieves the Secretary of the Treasury
from the responsibility of carrying on the war,
because we shall have denied to him the means
by which he says we can alone carry it on. Sir,
I pray that we may unite here and at the other
end of the Capitol upon whatever measures of
public policy are adopted. I know of no safe,
no consistent, no proper way in which we can
meet our responsibilities in this regard except by
acting in accordance with the wishes and views
of the Treasury Department, and in that way I
shall give my vote.
Mr. ARNOLD. The Plouse seems to hav«
been very much disturbed to-day by the speech
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens.] I think we ought to bear in mind that
when that gentleman has an object which he
desires to accomplish he sometimes chooses to
indulge in some considerable extravagance of as-
sertion; and his statements in regard to the polit-
ical affairs of the country to-day must be taken
with some considerable allowance, for we must
remember that they were made in this House
with a view of inducing the adoption of a partic-
ularline of policy other than that we have hitherto
pursued. Sir, it has been said that the resources
of the country were being exhausted, and that
the time would come by and by when they would
fail, and it might come before this rebellion was
suppressed. What evidence is there apparent to
the traveler throughout the loyal portion of the
country that we have begun to exhaust our re-
sources? Go wheie you will, go into the great
cities of the North, go into the East, go into the
manufacturing portions of New England, go to
the great commercial marts, go to the West, and
I ask you to tell me what indications theie are
that the resources of the country are exhausted?
Why, sir, you see wealth so lavishly exhibited
