1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tering largely into the manufacture of varnishes, j
lacquers, and other articles, is sold duty free. The j
bill, levying us sixty cents excise on all spirits, j
and the higher theproof the highcrtlic duty, adds i
a burden to the manufacturers not known even in j
over-taxed England, and there is no escape from
it. I respectfully suggest that before we press the
bill further, we wait ter let both manufacturers and
consumers, who really pay the excise.as well as
the other very heavy taxes upon manufactured
products, fcnow what we are about. The bill
should be read at least from Eastport, Maine, to
St. Louis, Missouri, before we vote upon it.. Be-
sides, it is retroactive, and we lose no revenue by
taking tune.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to know whether
the Committee of Ways and Means will consent
to let this bill go over for a single day. I was
absent yesterday when it was made a special or-
der, and was not aware of the fact when it came
up. Other gentlemen who represent interests af-
fected by this bill are in the same situation, and I
would be glad if we were allowed time for prep-
aration.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggested before that when
the committee had made its amendments 1 would
not object to the bill going over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
understanding that the next time it comes up we
shall commence at the beginning.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN.' 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the words proposed to be
inserted the words "unless still owned by the
distiller thereof.'*
1 would say in behalf of that proposition that
the warehouse system established by the act of
18G2 furnished encouragement and facilities for
persons m ami facta ring ardent spii Us to keep i t on
hand temporarily without the payment of duties.
I mean that those spirits which were manufac-
tured after August, 1863, were manufactured with
the understanding that the duty of twenty emits
alone would have to be paid when sold or re-
moved for sale from the warehouses. Manufac-
turers have stoied up then supplies with that un-
derstanding, and in conformity with the law, and
it cannot be charged upon them that they, in the
mere spirit of speculation, have availed themselves
of the prospect of an increase in the price of spirits
by an increase of the tax to speculate on the rev-
enue. They are not speculators ill the proper
sense of the term. They are the legitimate man-
ufacturers of the article. They manufactured it
with a given understanding—the expectation that
the tax of twenty cents would remain permanent
as to all spirits manufactured while the law was
in force. As to them, it seems to me this increase
of duty should operate only from the time the law
takes effect, or from the time it was introduced
into this House, the 12th of January, 1864.
So far as the speculation in this article is con-
cerned, in the expectation of an increased duty,
that case stands upon a different footing. So far
as the distiller is concerned, the spirits manufac-
tured by him under the law in force foi the time
being, the duty under that law ought to be the
only duty imposed. I think that is only justice
to the distillinginterest of the country,composed
of a body of men who have acted as fairly as any
other class in connection with the revenue. I
think the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means will bear evidence of the fact that the
present system of duties, imposing twenty cents
ix gallon on whisky, was in the mam adopted at
the instance Of the manufacturers themselves.
They regarded it as a pretty high duty, but they
were willing to pay the duty, rather than run the.
risk of fiauds on the Government by the attempt
to impose a part of the tax on rectified and other
combinations of ardent spirits. NoLhing call be
more unjust, if such be the effect of this section,
than to attempt to increase the tax on whisky m
the warehouses of the distillers, on the ground
that no tax has been paid. They were permitted
to keep their spirits on hand by the law, and
would thus be ensnared into an incieased_ tax by
relying on the law under which tlv whisky on
hand was manufactured. Nothing could be mnie
unjust.
I would say, in addition, that as to speculntoi s
who have purchased whisky in anticipation ol
the imposition of this increased tax, they stand
| upon an entirely different footing. They have
purchased, seeking to avail themselves of the ben-
I cfit resulting fiom an increased taxation. Thoy
! are mere speculators, while the others are bona
I fiJp manufacturers of an article of commerce.
: Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the amend-
j ment of the gentleman from Indiana, I mustoppose
j it. I understand it to lay a tax upon all whis-
; ky in the hands of the distiller, no matter when
! distilled. Nov/, when we passed the law of 1862,
| after a long discussion in Congress we came to
the determination to lay the tax only upon future
products. Alt whisky which was on hand at that
time was free from taxation. Now, itso happens,
that there is a great deal of whisky in the coun-
try which was distilled two, three,and fouryears
before the tax was laid, and it is still on lrand, be-
cause the distillers keep it to ripen. I know of
six hundred barrels in my own county which is
still in the hands of the distiller, he, however,
having ceased to distill. There is no principle of
justice, it seems to me, which would justify us
going back and imposing this increased duty upon
such whisky. It should be exempt.
All that has been manufactured since 1869, and
is still in the hands of the distillers, is reached by
this law; and all that was manufactured before
1862, and which we then expressly exempted
from taxation, ought not now, it seems to the
committee, be subject to this increased tax.
• Mr. llOLMAN. Let me inquire of the gen-
tleman whether 1 am to understand that this in-
creased duty of forty cents is intended to be im-
posed on the whisky manufactured on the 1st of
August, 18G2, and which is still owned by the
distillers under the provision of the law author-
izing the distiller to place distiHed spirits m ware-
house, and pay the duty at the time of removal
from the warehouse?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will see that
all whisky that has paid a tax is exempt from
this increased taxation. We did not think we
had a right to go back and tax that which had
been once taxed by the Government, whether it
is in a warehouse or not. But wherever the dis-
tiller has failed to comply with the law, no doubt
from fraudulent purposes; wheie he has not made
his monthly return and paid his tax, we impose
this duty upon him, and we impose none upon
the distiller who has made his return or paid his
tax.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that section forty-four
of the act of 1562 may be read, and then 1 desire
to make an inquny of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
The Clerk read the forty-fourth section of the
law of 1862, which provides that the owner orown-
ei« of any distillery may erect at his or their own
expense a waiehouse of iron, stone, or brick, with
metal or other fire-pi oof roof, to be contiguous
to such distillery, and declares such warehouse,
when approved by the collector, a bonded ware-
house of the United States, to be used only for
tlie storing of distilled spiiits, and to be in the
custody of the collector or his deputy, and pio-
vides fuithcr, that the duty on spirits stored in
such warehouses shall be paid when it is sold or
removed for sale.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would now ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if this
additional duty of forty per cent, is to be imposed
upon spirits stored in warehouses under the pro-
visions of that section, and upon which the tax
has not been paid, because it is not payable until
the spoils aie u moved for sale.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will remem-
ber that the law requires that tri-montbly returns
shall be made by every distiller of whatever he
disiills, whether be puts it into warehouse or not.
Now, whole a distiller lias made his return,
this bill expressly says that he is to pay no tax
upon the spirits so returned, because he has com-
plied with the law; but if lie has put into the
waiehouse whisky of which he has made no re-
turn and of which helms made no sale, thus evi-
dently intending to evade the law, we tax lnm
tins additional sum upon thai,
i Mr. l-lOLMAN. Willi that explanation, I
i witi'alr'w my nmendnn lit.
' Mr. NOBLE. The amendment proposed by
\ the gentleman fiom Indiana, [Mr. Hoi.MAN,J if it
would litue accomplished the purpose sought by
' him, would have ieeentd my suppott; hut it
seemed to me that it would not accomplish that
purpose.
The orig-inpl act on this subject prescribes, a
time within which the manufacturer shall make
his return, and the mode in which he shall do it;
and there are penalties attached to an attempt-to
avoid the law. I understand the purpose of this
bill to be to impose upon the manufacturer who
has manufactured distilled spirits an additional
tax, although he may have complied fully with
the letter and spirit of the original act.
Let us suppose, for instance,that there isadis-
tiller in Ohio who has maufaetured a lafge quan-
tity of spirits; the law requires him to make his
return within a given time; it is not required that
he shall make it in anticipation of that time; and
yet, by the provisions of this bill, if he has not
matle it, although he may still make it within the
time fixed by the original act, this additional tax
is to be imposed upon him. That is certainly not
in accordance with the spirit of the original act'.
Suppose a manufacturer is manufacturing at the
rate of twelve or fifteen hundred bushelsaday, he
is not required to makea return for three months. -
Mr. STEVENS. I believe it is three times a
month.
Mr. NOBLE. Well, that makes no difference.
This bill provides that if he has not made his
return on the 12th day of January, 1864, he shall
be subject to this additional tax. I say that that
is unjust and contrary to the spiritof the original
act. The original act imposed a tax of twenty
cents pergallon. A manufacturer, who has man-
ufactured under that act with the intention of
making his return within the time prescribed by
that act, might, under this bill, be taxed upon the
very article which he may return within the time
prescribed by the act. That is what I complain
of. 1 say that the manufacturer should not bo
taxed an additional amount over and above that
provided by the act of 1802 upon that which has
been manufactured puor to the passage of this
bill, and I propose to submit an amendment to
that effect.
It has been alleged by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means that the amount
of goods retained in the hands of the manufactur-
ers may have been retained for the purpose of
evading the law. If 1 remember the law aright,
there are in it guaids sufficient to protect the Gov-
ernment against any such frauds. There are pen-
alties prot ided sufficient to guard fheOovernment
against anything of that kind. ,
The amendment which ! propose to offer is to
except the manufacturer, so far as the amount oil
hand is concerned, up to the day of the passage
of this act. After the amendment proposed by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means is
disposed of, I propose to submit'an amendment,
to sfitke out all after the word " after," in the
twenty-fourth line, and insert the words " the
passage (if this net."
Mr. MARCY. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means why it is
that there is a discrimination in this bill between
the duty 011 home-manufactured whisky and that
on imported whisky. The former is to be taxed
sixty cents per gallon, and the latter forty cents.
I want to know why the discrimination.
Mr. STEVENS. Under the law as it stands,
and without the additional forty cents, the foreign
article pays twenty cents pel gallon. This is,
therefore, to pl«cc the foreign article on precisely
the same footing us the home-manufactured ar-
ticle. We have raised the tariff the same as we
have raised the tax.
Mr. MAIICY. It occurs to me that the impo-
sition of a heavy tax on liquors will tend to en-
courage smuggling along the sea-coast and on our
Canadian frontier, and'thus defeat the ends of
legislation in the matter of revenue, as well as have
a dciuoializing eff ct. That is the experience in
every country where the same legislation has been
attempted.
Mr FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman,
S the question, as I understand it, involved in the
; amendment ofleied by the honoiable chairman of
! the Commit!'e of W<i\s mid Means, is as to cn
j what spin's duty should be levied,as to on what
| the law should be operative. Now, m my judg-
j ment, a wise policy should indicate to Congress
! the propriety of imposing the duty on all spiiits
; now in existence, whethei in the hands of the
