2240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12.
tional basis. I think this is a high privilege which
is intrusted to any portion of the community,and
that it ought to be intrusted only to those who
have given assurance to the country that it will
not be abused in their hands. I know there is
very great doubt now pervading the minds of
many wise men whether we have not already too
many people in the enjoyment of the franchise
who arc unfit for its proper exercise.
Mr. HAR.LA.N5 Mr. President, I shall vote
for the amendment submitted by the Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania, first, because it is manifest to the
Senate that the bill without that provision in it
cannot now become a law. The same question
has been submitted to the House of Representa-
tives in the bill passed by the Senate for the or-
ganization of a Territory, and it was defeated in
the House, and after several meetings of commit-
tees of conference it has become perfectly mani-
fest that a bill containing that clause cannot be-
come a law. I have been informed by citizens of
the District that it is highly important that the or-
ganic law of the District should be amended pre-
ceding the coming election, in order to preserve
the purity of the ballot-box. I therefore would
waive any desire that I may have had to modify or
change the character of the class of persons who
may be permitted to vote, for the purpose of se-
curing the good that can be effected now.
It is highly important, as I have just remarked,
that some bill should be passed on this subject
modifying the laws re&ulating the elective fran-
chise in the District. I have been told, and 1 be-
lieve it to be true, that it is next to impossible to
secure a fair expression of the will of the people
at the ballot-box under the laws as they now ex-
ist. I do not think this evil should be perpetu-
ated out of a desire on the part of any Senator to
secure the adoption of a new theory.
I d© not think that the enjoyment of the right
to vote is a natural right, it is a light conferred
on individuals by the community on the ground,
as I suppose, of a beliefm their capacity to hold
the reins of government safely. Those that vote,
in deciding who shall hold office, decide prima-
rily the character of the laws of the community
in which they live; and under the election laws
of all the States very large numbers of the white
people are excluded fiom the enjoyment of the
light to vote. All females are excluded, thus ex-
cepting one half of the entiic community of every
State. Then all minors, all persons under the
uge of twenty-one years, arc excluded; and all
persons born abroad, ami who have not resided
in this country for a period of five years, are ex-
cluded from the enjoyment of tins privilege; all
going to show that the Legislatures of the vari-
ous Slates hold this right not to boa natural right
incident to freedom and the enjoyment of citizen-
ship, but is supposed to be conferred on those
who are found to be competent to exercise this
privilege wisely and consistently with the safety
of civil society.
No one can deny, I think, that a very large
proportion of the people in some ol the States who
have been held as slaves for a century and more
could not be safely trusted with the enjoyment of
this right. 1 think that this cannot be doubted;
and if not, we ought not to insist on the inter-
polation of such a provision in an amendment to
the election laws for this District, where there are
strong jnejiHlii.es against the modification of the
election laws in this lespect, especially in face of
the fact which I stated at the outset, that it has
becom" perfectly manifest to the Senate that, what-
eve r might lie the wish of the Senate in this re-
spect,a majority of the House of Representathos
will stand firmly in opposition to its incorpora-
tion into any law.
Mr. FOSTER. I agree with the honorable
Senatorfrom Iowa that the right of suffrage is
not a natural right. It should be bestowed upon
those, and those only, who are qualified to exeicise
it; and that is by no means in my opinio?! upon
every man orevery woman in the community. 1 do
not think, however, that color is asensibie or rea-
sonable test of that or of any political right what-
ever. i think the proper test is intelligence and
moral chaiacter. A peison who has sufficient in-
telligence and sufficient moral character, I think
should be allowed to take part m electing those
who are to make the laws, and, in effect, govern
the community.
I o^ree with him also that the great mass of the
blacks who are in this District, certainly those
who have recently come into it, are by no means
qualified to exercise this right. If we insist
either upon intelligence or upon moral character,
they would probably be wanting in both; and
that without charging the absence of those qual-
ifications upon them as their fault. They, in my
opinion, are«not responsible for it. The respons-
ibility rests elsewhere. Still, though they have
been abused and shut out from the light of knowl-
edge, they should not be allowed to exercise a
right that they are not qualified to exercise, by
way of compensation. That would be punish-
ing those who are not to blame for the faults and
crimes of others.
I should therefore be inclined to vote for the
amendment of the honorable Senatorfrom Penn-
sylvania but for the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from Maine. With the test
which the honorable Senator from Maine pro-
poses to apply to this bill, I am perfectly willing
that there shall be nothing said in the bill about
color; for the qualifications which he proposes go
perhaps as far as we can safely go. It is diffi-
cult to determine the precise amount of intelli-
gence that a man should possess in order to be
qualified as a voter. I think, however, all must
agree that if he cannot read he is not qualified; he
has not sufficient intelligence to be a voter. He
must, of course, if ho exercised the right, excrcise
it almost as the tool of somebody else; for if he
cannot read how is he to know that the ballot he
puts in the box has on it the names of the indi-
viduals for whom he would vote? He must take
the statement of another. He himself really can-
not know whether he is voting for the persons
that he supposes he is voting for or not. i would
therefore make the ability to read a test for every
man, and I would add to it the ability to write,
but not a property qualification. As the honor-
able Senator fiom Maine proposes, as I under-
stand, to move that amendment, in the anticipa-
tion and belief that it will be adopted, I shall now
vote against the amendment of the Senator fiom
Pennsylvania. If the amendment of the Senator
fiom Maine shall finally fail, there may be after-
considerations which will affect my vote on the
bill, but at present I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the .Senator from Pennsylvania for the
reasons which I have given.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 was disposed to place this
qualification ao high that if by any possibility the
case should turn upon the question of qualifica-
tion the judgment of the Senate should be that a
man to be entitled to vote should #e of full age,
a citizen of the United States, a man of probity
and of intelligence. These, I think, should be
considered qualifications which should entitle a
man to the privilege of the elective franchise; and
I hoped that by presenting such a proposition we
should not be disagieed on this question; and I
desired distinctly to place that, as I call, high
qualification against the question of color; and
that is precisely the question presented by the bill
and the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania and my amendment.
Now, I agiee with the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania that upon this question of suffrage
there is no uniformity whatever m this countiy.
liy the Constitution of the United Slates there is
no formula, there is no qualification whatever
stated , it is left entirely to the States. The States
may by their constitutions allow such persons to
vote as m their judgment they think best. It is
no further a concern of the Government of the
United States than it applies to this District or to
their Territories over which they have exclusive
jurisdiction. When youcome to this District or
to the Territories, of course the Government of
the United States has the right, and in a case like
this it becomes its imperative duty, to say specif-
ically what shall be the formula or what shall be
the qualifications upon which a man shall be en-
titled to the right of sulfrage. 1 agree with the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania that it is
not a natural right; it is a relative right; or in
other woids it is a privilege, a privilege which
the political society in which the man resides has
a light to confer or withhold just as it pleases;
and so has been the practice of this country; and
at best, as the honorable Senator from Iowa has
stated, it is but a partial pnvilege in any of the
States of the Union. But we are called upon here
under these circumstances to state a principle that
shall apply to this District, which is exclusively
within the control and jurisdiction of the Govern-
ment of the United States
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
makes color the test; the complexion of a man;
every " white citizen" of the United States may
do so and so, but by no possibility shall men of
African descent exercise this privilege. Is that
rational? No man will undertake to defend that
on the ground of rationality; no man will under-
take to defend such a proposition as that on the
ground of right. It cannot be defended. What
is the defense? The Senator from Pennsylvania
says he does not want any new issue in these
troublesome times. He objects to this upon the
ground of an innovation; and I have no doubt
that when he proposes to put the word " white"
into this bill he sincerely does not suppose that
he himself is innovating; that he is laying him-
self obnoxious to precisely the charge he makes
upon the bill.
Mr. President, I have said that there is no uni-
formity on this question of the exercise of the
elective franchise in this country. The States
are not uniform; no two States are alike in the
qualifications prescnbed to the citizens for the
exercise of this privilege; and, as I have already
stated, the Constitution of the United States is
entiiely silent upon the question. But there is a
history on this question. The right of suffrage
in this country is historical to some extent, at
least to a general intent. How is that? Look to
your constitutions; but first go back to your Dec-
laration of Independence. Is there any color in
that as against anybody for any political right
whatever? Not a bit of it. There is no color m
the instrument from beginning to end, either in
regard to the elective franchise or in regard to any
political light, cither absolute or relative; so that
the great American declaration of right leaves
everybody free in the exercise of all their political
rights. When you come to the Constitution of the
United States there is no color in that; none what-
ever as to the exercise of a man's political rights,
be they either absolute or relative.
Now, sir, looking at the constitutions of the
several States, who had this matter particularly
in charge, what is the history on that subject?
Take the thirteen original States who adopted
their constitutions or frames of government con-
temporaneous with the Revolution and anterior
to the Constitution of the United States; how did
they stand on this question ? Any color? Look
at Virginia, whose constitution was, I think, the
first. Was there any color in it? Not a bit of
it. There was not the word "negro" from be-
ginning to end. Read thatconstitution, including
the declaration of rights, and you would never
dream that the question of right depending on
color had entered the head of any mortal man. In
eleven of the original States there is no question
of color many one of their constitutions from be-
ginning to end. Following the great formula laid
down in the American declaration of rights, they
left this question of suffrage as they left every
other political right, either absolute or relative,
entirely open to the communities and open to
everybody without regard to color. There were
only two of the original States that put the slight-
est limitation upon this question, or upon any
other question, on account of color, and those
were, as you would expect, South Carolina and
Georgia. All the rest were fiee, and so was their
law, and under those constitutions, I suppose I
need not say to Senators here, freemen, whether
colored or not, did vote.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator from Maine
allow me to correct him in regard to Pennsylva-
nia? And I suspect the correction wilt involve per-
haps tiie construction of most of the constitutions
of the eleven States to which he refers. The
earlier constitutions conferred the right of suf-
frage on the " freemen" of the community; and
when a legal construction came to be put upon
that word " freemen" it was decided, at least in
Pennsylvania, before the amendment which con-
stitutes the present constitution, that that woid
excluded the negroes.
Mr. MORRILL. My honorable friend will
find, if he has paid as much attention to this par-
ticular subject as I have, that he is histoiically
inaccurate in regard to the fact. It is not so; it
will not be found in a majority even of the con-
stitutions that the word "freemen" is used. I
