nm
THB' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24.
behaving badly to all the rest of the people of the
United States. It is very possible. Railroad com-
panies'liave a habit of doing that. It is not pecu-
liar to the Camden and Amboy Railroad Com-
pany. But the Camden and Amboy Railroad
^Company is not our creature. We have nothing
to do with it. Wecan take possession of its roaa
for military purposes whenever we choose. We
can take possession of its road for postal purposes,
as far as is necessary, whenever we choose; but
we have nothing to do with the corporation. We
cannot sit in judgment upon it,and say thatithas
or has not exercised the powers given to it. This
monopoly, which is so much decried here, will
expire in five years from this time; and for that
five years we are asked to do this unwarranted
and unprecedented folly.
But how far has the Camden and Amboy Rail-
road Company injured the rest of mankind? I
am told that the through traveling between New
York and Philadelphia, on the Camden and Am-
boy railroad, is as cheap as on any distance of the
like length between New York and Washington.
Is that so? I itm told it is. I believe the railroads
in my own State are not cheaper in the transpor-
tation offreight, merchandise, and passengers than
this road. So that after all the complaints I do
not see that they amount to much. It is said that
this railroad company taxes every traveler cross-
ing the State ten cents a head. I wonder whether
any outsider that has crossed New Jersey on the
Camden and Amboy railroad line ever paid that
tax. I guess not. It is simply a tax on the com-
pany for its chartered privileges. That is the
price which this company pays for this exclusive
right up to 1869; and it may be that it has aright
to those exclusive privileges by paying the tax.
But when I get my ticket in PhiladelphiaforNew
York for a less sum than I pay for going the same
distance in any other direction, does it make any
difference to me whether the Camden and Amboy
railroad pay ten cents of the amount to the State
of Now Jersey or not? It strikes me not.
But, sir, all our railroads pay taxes. All our
companies are taxed, and why should not this
railroad bo taxed in some way' This objection,
it seems to me, falls to the ground when it is shown
that the traveling public are not injured, they hav-
ing to pay no more for traveling over this road
than they have to pay for traveling the same dis-
tance in any other direction.
But the same objection is made against the le-
gislation of the State of New Jersey. It is said
that the Suite of New Jersey obstructs the travel
over her territory. Let us for a moment look at
that. Do gentlemen know that more railroad
lines are completed and in progress of construc-
tion across the State of New Jersey than across
any other State of the same size 111 the United
States? There are no less than eleven railroad
lines, almost all of them completed and running,
across the State of New Jersey; ay, sir, eleven
railroads running from one border of New Jersey
to the other, and yet we are met with the asser-
tion that she is tt selfish State, and will not let
people cross her territory. Where is the ground
for that charge? Nowhere, sir, nowhere.
It is true that all of these roads do not center
in Philadelphia, and therefore some of my col-
leagues from that neighborhood may object that
they are not railroads at all, or, at least,'not rail-
roads worthy of consideration; but, sir, dividing
till mankind into two classes, Philadelphia and the
rest of the world, to the latter division this ob-
jection would not be entitled to the same weight.
It is said that New Jersey is in the habit of
voting wrong. That remark is made by gentle-
men on this side of the House. Well, sir, lad-
rait, more in sorrow than in anger, that New Jer-
sey is open to that charge; and I am sorry for it.
I am always sorry, when 1 look across the Dela-
ware and see that beautiful little State, that she
should be so near out of the Union as she seems
sometimes to be. And if gentlemen will contrive
some way to make the State of New Jersey vote
right, if they will accomplish that object even by
congressional enactments—constitutional ones 
I will unite heartily with them in it. But, sir, 1
will not take part in any petty quarrel between
New Jersey corporations merely because the State
of New Jersey does not vote right.
The State of'New Jersey, however, may not be
utterly beyond hope even in this respect, as will
be neeo in the fact that one gentleman upon this
side of the House comes from that State. And,
sir, lot us hope that the State of New Jersey will
do better in future. • Let us advise her to reform
her politics. All that is well enough, but is it
worth while because she is in the habit of voting
wrong to undertake to amend her State enact-
ments, or to interfere with the decisions of her
State courts on the powers of her own corpora-
tions? Let us not do that.
The remark is often made, for the purpose, per-
haps, of taunting New Jersey men, that if New
Jersey were located a few hundred miles further
south she would be alongside the parties she likes
best; and, sir, if I believed that assertion were true
I would not still strain the provisions of the Con-
stitution against her.
I have before me two maps of the StateofNew
Jersey, and I would like any gentleman who pro-
poses to vote for this bill to look at these maps.
I invite any gentleman especially who supposes
that by voting for this bill he is voting for an air
line, to look at them, and see the kind of air lino
it is proposed to establish. I was taught to be-
lieve a straight line the shortest distance between
two points, and I really think the map had bet-
ter be well examined before this House under-
takes to establish this as an air line between Phil-
adelphia and New York.
Mr. Speaker, I will conclude by simply repeating
that the present laws supply the place of the one
now proposed,so far as any military necessity or
postal necessity is concerned, and we have then no
need of the passage of this bill on that account.
Then, as far as commerce is concerned, this
proposed legislation is at least not shown to be
necessary. Besides that, this bill proposes to take
hold of those State creatures, which we cannot
control even if we are disposed to; creatures that
will die the very moment the legislative privileges
in their charters are taken from them by the State
of New Jeisey.
Considering then the measure,so far as the al-
leged objects are concerned, needless and per-
nicious, useless and ridiculous in every other
point of view, I shall vote against it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not desire, Mr. Speak-
er, to ask the attention of the House but a short
time on this question. As I observe nearly all those
who have addressed the House this morning, and
are seeking the floor, are on one side of theques-
tion, it occurs to me a few words ought to be said
in favor of this bill.
Before I speak to the merits of the question I
must be allowed to express my-disapprobation of
all that class of remarks, of which we have had
very much since this debate began, respecting the
motives of gentlemen connected with this matter,
of the motives of committees of the House, and
of members ofthe House. It seems to me that this
is all unworthy of this House, of its committees,
and its members.
Some member has intimated since this debate
began that the Committee on Military Affairs was
not unanimous in their action upon this bill. I
would be glad toknow whatgentleman is author-
ized to say that the Committee on Military Affairs
was or was not unanimous. I would be glad to
know what member ofthe House or what mem-
ber of a committee claims that he has therightto
state what things occurred within the committee-
room. It is my understanding of the duty of a
.member that he shall not state the action inside a
committee, except so far as he is authorized by
that committee. If any member of the Military
Committee is opposed to this bill he can speak
for himself. We have been told, sir, that there
are outside influences at work here, that the lob-
bies are full of corporation agents, which are
crowding around upon us on all hands and press-
ing their influences upon the committees and the
House. Now I have to say to all this, that such
remarks are wholly unworthy of men called upon
to enact lasts for a great people, and should be
laid aside as undignified and unbefitting the char-
acter of men holding the high place of legislators
for the American nation.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom-
alt.] who has just addressed the House stated
that New Jersey politics, New Jersey interests,
and New Jersey legislation were brought before
us and animadverted upon in order to control our
action. This is all small-talk, and should not
have a feather's weight in determining the action
of this body.
I will endeavor to state the merits of the meas-
ure, as I understand it. 1 ask attention to the
fact at the outset that, outside of all collateral con-
siderations, this is only a part of a much greater
question which we are called upon to decide. The
gentleman who addressed us this morning face-
tiously treated the Raritan and Atlantic railroad
as a part of a proposed air-line road, and has
given us a lesson drawn frofn the horn-books of
elementary geometry to prove that tfie broken line
of this railroad does notcomeupto Euc.lid'sdefi-
nition of a straight line. We do not need discus-
sions of t^at sort to enable us to understand the
nature of a monopoly or our duties as legislators.
The question, I say, belongs to the larger ques-
tion of more railroad facilities between New York
and Washington. The considerations which bear
upon that bear also upon this. It is a notorious
fact that the means of communication between
the commercial metropolis and the political me-
tropolis of this country are exceedingly deficient.
This cannot be denied. We have it from the Post
Office Department, we have it from the War De-
partment, we have it from the business public,
and we have it from the experience of every gen-
tleman who has traveled over this route or has
had occasion to transport freight over it. Every-
body knows that there is scarcely to be found in
the United States railroad facilities between any
two important cities so inadequate as those be-
tween New York and Washington.
There is a fact to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the House, and I have the consent of
the committee to which I belong to state it, that
in reply to a letter addressed to him, the Quarter-
master General states that the facilities of the
present roads are not sufficient for the transporta-
tion of forage for the animals belonging to the
army of the Potomac and the troops about this
city. He states officially that it requires three
hundred and seventy-five car-loads of long forage
and seventy-four ear-loads of short forage per
day to feed the Government animals attached to
the army in front of Washington. This does not
include all the transportation of quartermasters'
stores. It does not include commissary supplies
at all. It does not include the ordinary necessi-
ties of trade in this capital. It is only this one
item—the supply of the animals of the army—
that requires four hundred and forty-nine car-
loads per day, and all this must come to the city
ofWashington over a single track, the only means
of access in time of winter to the great capital of
the nation. A large part of these supplies comes
over the line between New York and this place.
When the ice blockade occurred, on the 1st of
January last and the week succeeding, the (Quar-
termaster General reported that he got but twenty
loads of forage over that line for a whole week.
He should have had seven times four hundred
and forty-nine. The Potomac was blockaded
with ice, and the railroad itself, which in two
places crosses an arm of the sea, was also blocked
with ice.
The Quartermaster further reported thatif the
blockade had continued one week more the ani-
mals of the army would have been in a starving
condition.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I would inquire
of the gentleman whether all the forage comes from
the State of New Jersey?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir, not all of it, but a
very large share of it does.
lam speaking now of the general necessity; I
will come to the special necessity directly. 1 say
it stands before this Government as a matter of
fact that had God let His ice remain in the river
two weeks longer, the animals of the army of the
Potomac would have been dead. You could not
have fed your army, you could not have pre-
sei ved your animals, you could not have main-
tained your war, if the providence of God had not
broken the fetters of winter, simply because a
power not in the hands of the Government, but in
the hands of a great corporation, holds the key
to all communication between this and the outside
world.
Now the question comes, has this Government
the right to protect itself*, has this great nation
the right to feed itself; has it the right to feed its
Army? If it ha* any of these rights, it has all
the consequent right of searching out, of finding,
of adopting and using tho means to accomplish
this purpose. No small-talk about New Jersey
