318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
January 14,
manufacturer or in the hands of speculators and
operators who have recently been in the market,
advised in advance of Congress itself as to eur
probable action, and who have thus monopolized
millions of gallons. I believe, sir, that the ad-
ditional duty of forty cents .per gallon which this
law provides should be placed on that class of
spirits, and should also be imposed on the spirits
that have already paid the twenty cents per gal-
lon underthe law of 1862, so that politicians, men
who have been advised, in advance of members
of Congress, what the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of theTreasury on this question would be,
who have been into the market, and who are in-
terested, directly or indirectly , in millions of gal-
lons of the article, may be foiled in their efforts
to obtain exclusive advantages over the manu-
facturer and over the consumer™
Prom what has been said here to-day, some gen-
tlemen appear to be under the impression that the
manufacturers are to bear this burden. That is
not so. It is the consumer, and not the manu-
facturer. Capital can always protect itself. The
manufacturer takes good care to put on the price
of the commodity which he manufactures any ad-
ditional burdens that the Government imposes.
It goes from him to the, merchant, from the mer-
chant to the trader, from the trader to the con-
sumer, the additional tax running through all the
ramifications of trade, until finally it comes to the
man who.consumes the article.
There is another error here to-day, Mr. Chair-
man; that is,that we are imposing a tax upon bev-
erage. Why, sir, three fourths of the article
proposed to be taxed by this bill are vised in the
arts. It is used for various manufacturing pur-
poses. It is used to make varnishes of. It is used
to. make burning-fluid. It is used to fasten the
colors in a dye largely used by cotton manufac-
turers. The popular error that this bill proposes
simply to impose a tax on what some gentlemen
deem to be a vice, on the practice ot drinking
whisky,is,in myjudgment,entirely wrong. But,
sir, were it so, it isas much the duty of Congress
to protect the consumer of whisky as it is to pro-
tect the consumer of any other-article.
1 have prepared an amendment, which I will
offer at the proper time, to strike out the words
in the twenty-first and twenty-second lines, " on
which no duties have been paid and collected and
no returns made, "and to insert at the end of that
section the words:
Except that spirits which have been already taxed under
the law of July 1,1862, shall not pay more than the addi-
tional or increased tax provided for by this act.
The object being, Mr. Chairman, that all spirits
shall bear this burdens that men who have op-
erated on exclusive information obtained in ad-
vance of the session of Congress as to the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and a few of whom in my own State alone have
millions of dollars invested in this article, may
bear their share of the burden, and may pay then-
proportion of the revenue to be derived from the
taxation on whisky. And while it would be im-
proper to impose upon them the whole sixty cents
per gallon, perhaps it would be just and proper
for them to pay the additional forty cents pergal-
loti which is proposed over the law of 1862.
Therefore, at the proper time, I will submit the
amendment which I have indicated.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought that it was gener-
ally understood that the Committee of Waysand
Means should be allowed to proceed to perfect the
bill, and that then to-morrow it should be started
de novo for any amendments which gentlemen
might wish to move to make the measure suit
them. 1 hope that that course will be pursued.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have amendments to offer,
and I hope that the suggestion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will be adopted. It will give
us all a chance.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, while I am
up I will correct an error which seems to pervade
both sides of the House. I understood the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] to say that
three fourths of the spirits produced are used in the
arts in theshapeofaleohol. I suppose that in Eng-
land they use the same proportion of spirits for
that purpose that they do here; for, sir, we know
that their manufactures are very large. This mat-
ter was examined thoroughly there. It wasascer-
tained thatin 1855over twenty-two million gallons
of spirits had beep manufactured, and that of that
amount one hundred and forty-six thousand three j
hundred and seventy-four gallons had been used
for the purposes of ihe arts and twmufactures.
There is a great difference between that amount
and the allegation that three fourths of the spirits
produced are used for the arts and manufactures.
It stands as twenty-two millions to one hundred
and forty-six thousand. But this is not speaking
to my amendment. I hope that it will be .adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out in the
twent,y-first line the word " and," and in lieu
thereof to insert the word "or;" so that it will
read:
Piovidcd further, That nil spirits on hand for sale, or re-
moved for consumption or sale, upon which no duties have
been paid or collected, or upon which no returns have been
made, whether dKilled prior to the date of this actor not,
shall be Hihjeot to thts >ates 'of duty provided by this act
from and alter the 12th day of January, 1864.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GANSON.. The same amendment should
be made in the ninth line, so that it would read:
That from and after the passage of this act, in lieu of the
duty piovidcdforin section forty-one of an act entitled " An
act to support the Government, and to pay interest on the
public debt," nppiovcd July J, *1862, and in addition to
duties payable for licenses, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid on all *phits lhat.may be distilled and sold, or re-
moved for consumption or sale, of first proof, the duty of
sixty cents on each and every gallon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. In the twelfth
and thirteenth lines of the first section it is pro-
vided that this debt shall be a lien upon the dis-
tillery. There may be a case where another per-
son owns the land and the distillery, and that the
person in default is a mere tenant.- I "want that
amended so that the lien shall be upon the parties
in default. «
Mr. STEVENS. There will be an opportu-
nity afforded to-morrow for that and for all other
amendments.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. There is one
question which I would like to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Way sand Means. 1 sec that it
has been stated that the additional duty on liquors
manufactured from domestic material is forty per
cent., and on those from that which is imported
forty percent. I Us true, as the gentleman says, that
the increase is equal upon both, but as the law
now stands the duty upon those imported is twice
that upon liquors produced from articles raised
at home. There would be more justice between
these two classes that the rate of increase should
be in"the same proportion. In other words, the
duty should be one hundred and twenty instead
of eighty upon liquors manufactured from im-
ported material.
Mr. STEVENS. When we come to that, if
it is thought proper to increase it, it can be done.
All I have to say at present is that raising the
duty as much as we raise the tax affords the same
protection, and the committee have deemed that
sufficient. But that question is not now before us.
I move to inseit in tin; second section after the
word "circumstances" the words, " the value
whereof may be diminished by delay of sale;"
so that it will read:
Provided, however, That where, owing to the peiishable
nature of the property Seized, expense of storage, or other
circumstances, tlie value whereof may be diminished by
delay of bale, the owner tin-roof may, if he. so choose, ap-
ply to the assessoi of the district, who shall, if ho deem it
expedient tlvat the property so seized should be sold, ap-
praise or have the same appraised ulidcr his diiection and
control, and the owner may give bond or bonds in an amount
equal to the appraised value, with such sureties as the as-
sessor shall adjudge good arid sufficient, which shall be by
him transmitted to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
to be held and collected, or any part thereof, or surrendered
in accordance with the final judgment, order, or decree of
the couit havmgjunsdiction ot the case; &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to insert the words
"whether of American or foreign production;"
so that it will read:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of tins-act, in addition to the duues heretofore
imposed by law, there shall be levied, collected, and paid
on spirits distilled from grain or other materials, whether
of American or foreign pioduetion, imported from foreign
eounnics, of first pioof, a duty of foity cents on each and
every gallon ; and no lower rate of duty shall be levied or
collected than tltebasisof fust pioof, and shall be increased
iu proportion for any greater strength than tho strengjli of
first pioof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Several verbal corrections were also agreed to.
Mr.STEVENS moved that theeommitteerise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and, the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cox re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House bill No. 122, to increase the
internal revenue, and for other purposes; and had
come to no resolution thereon. -
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the biH be made
a special order for the day when its consideration
shall be resumed.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
JAMES KEEN AN, DECEASED.
Mr. DAWSON moved that the memorial and
papers relating to the claim of James Kcenan,
deceased, late United States consul at Hong
Kong, for e-xpenses incurred in relieving ship-
wrecked American citizens, &c., be withdrawn
from the files of the House, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON THE CONDUCT OP THE WAR.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, asked and
obtained unanimous consent to offer the follow-
ing amendment to the joint resolution of the Sen-
ate for the appointment of a joint committee on
the conduct of the war; which amendment was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and, together with the joint resolution, ortj^red to
be printed, namely:
Strike out all after the word "wai" in the seventh line,
and insert the following:
And said committee shall inquire into all the facts and
circumstances of contracts and agreements already made,
and such contracts and agioements hereafter to be made
prior to the final report of the committee, by or with any
Department of the Government in any wise connected with
or growing on t of tiie operations of the Government in the
suppression of rebellion against its constituted authority ;
and that said committee shall have authority to sit dur-
ing the session of either House of Congress and during the
rece.-s ot Congress, and at such times and places as such
committee ••hall deem proper, and also to employ a stenog-
rapher or clerk at the usual compensation.
CONSCRIPTION ACT.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
conscription act, so called, as to require that enlisted*vol-
unteers claimed by wards or towns in which they reside
shall be credited to such towns on their quota of the three
bundled thousand men last called for by the Government.
JOHN BROOKS.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill for the relief of the leg^al representatives of
John Brooks, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
GEORGE MO WRY.
Mr. COFFROTH, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of George Mowry,
ofPennsylvania; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
NEW JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill erecting West Virginia
into a sej/5rate judicial district, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committeevon the Judiciary.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr.W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. As there seems
to be a general disposition to have more time to
examine the revenue bill which has been under
consideration to-day, I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say to the gentleman
that I am willing that the bill shall go over until
Monday; but we might meet to-morrow for other
purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If thechair-
man of the Ways and Means says there is other,
business pressing, I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we should meet to-
morrow.
