1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
tlie negative—yeas 53, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Arnold, Francis P.
Blair, Jacob B. Blfiir, Bliss, Brooks. James S. Brown, Wil-
ham G. Brown, Chanter, Coffrotli, Cox, Creswell, Henry
Winter Davis, Deinmg, Denni&on, Deigns, Eckley, Eden,
Eldndgo, Fenton, Garfield, Half, Harding, Ilemck, Hotch-
kiss, Kalbfleisch, Long, Longyear, McAllister, Mclndoe,
Daniel Morris, James K. Moiris, Leonard Myers, Odell,
Charles O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Sehenek, Scott, Srmth-
er*, William G. Steele, yules, Strouse, Stuait, Sweat,
Upson, Ward, Kliliu B. YVashhurne, Webster, Wheeler,
Williams, and Fernando Wood—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Alli«on, Ames, Ashley, Baily,
Augustas C. Baldwin, John I). Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark,Free-
man Clmke, Clay, Cobb, Colo, Thomas T. Davis. Dawes,
Dawson, Dixon. Donnelly, Eliot, Famsvvoith, Fmck,
Frank, Ganson, Gridcr, GunnelI,GriswoId. Higby, Hooper,
Asahcl W. Ilubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, William
Johnson, Julian, Ka>son, Orlando Kellogg, King, Lazear,
Le Blond, Loan, Lovejoy, M^rcv, Marvin, McBiide, Mc-
Chirg, McDowell, Middleton, William II. Miller, Moor-
head, Mori ill, Amos Myers, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill,
Oith, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William
II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John H.'Rice, Edward H.
Ilollins, Scofield, Shannon, Smith, Spalding, John B. Steele,
Stevens, Thayer, Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, William B.
Washburn, Wiiaiey, Joseph W. White, Wilder, Wilson,
Windom, Winfield, and Ycaman—84.
So the* motion was not agreed to.
During the calf of the roll,
Mr. WEBSTER stated that Mr. Mallory
was detained from the House yesterday and to-
day by indisposition.
NAVAL DEPOT, ETC., AT GRAND HAVEN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
'Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
naval depot and dockyard at Giand Haven, on Lake Mich-
igan, and report by bill or otherwise.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at ten minutes past three o'clock p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 15, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
March 3, 1863, a copy of the record of proceed-
ings, in the case of Commander Robert Handy
of the Navy, of a naval board assembled at Brook-
lyn, New York; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of the'
religious Society of Friends, of Ohio, praying for
exemption from military servicc, and from all
penalties for non-performance thereof; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FOOT presented the memorial of Charles
P. Anderson, praying for remuneration for the de-
sign and plans of the present new wings of the
Capitol, includinglhe interior arrangement of the
new Halls of Congress, with their surrounding cor-
ridors, offices, and galleries, and for expenses in-
curred in repeatedjourneys from New York; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
. Mr. WILSON presented the memoiial of Peter
Cooper, of New York, remonstrating against the
repeal of the clause which allows a pei son to obtain
exemption from the draft by the payment of £300; j
which was ordered to lie on the table. j
He also presented a petition of the Board of ■
Trade of the city of Boston, and a petition ofmer- j
chants and others of Marblebead, Massachusetts, j
praying that aid may be granted to the South j
American Steamship Company, for the purpose oi ■
establishing postal communication by steam ves- ;
sels with the countries of South America; which ]
were referred to the Committee on Commerce. '
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of Helen
M. Stansbury, widow of Major Howard Stans- !
bury, of the corps of Topographical Engineers of;
the United States Army, praying for a pension; :
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions. !
Mr, HARRIS. I present ~a memorial of the
officers of the Agricultural Society of the State of
New York, and ask that it be read and referred to
the Committee on Agriculture,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read if
there be no objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. It will be a considerable
business if we begin to read all the memorials
that come in. It will take a great deal of time.
The rule is that the member presenting a memo-
rial shall state its contents.
Mr. HARRIS. Perhaps I owe an apology to
the Senate. It was-handed to me this moment at
the door, with a request that I should present
it. ^ I have not read it. It is a resolution of that
society.
.The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. It will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
New York State Agricultural Rooms,
Albany, New York, January 7, 1864.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
Slates in Congress assembled:
The undei signed, officers of the New York State Ajjri-
cultuial Society, beg leave respecifaHy to represent that
the following resolutions were adopted by the executive
committee of the society on the 15th of September last,
namely:
Resolved, That this society regards as a subject of great
impoitancc to the industiial and agricultural interests of
the United States the piojcct of Dr. 1). J. McGowan, for
the appointment by the national Government of a commis-
sion, composed of scientific men and practical agricultu-
rist^, to vifait and exploie pastern Asia with a view to ac-
quire information bearing upon aits and manufactures and
the processes of agriculture there pursued; and to obtain
and tranMint &eeds, plants and animals, the cultivation and
propagation of which would be likely to-add to the valuable
products of oifr farm*.
Resolved, That the New York State Agricultural Society
heartily commends the subject to the favorable action of the
Government as likely to result in substantial benefit lo every
section of the country.
The undersigned, on behalf of the New York State Ag-
ricultural Society, beg leave to memorialize your honorable
bodies for the enactment of such law or resolution as will
best accomplish the objects of the resolution; and, as in
duty bound, your petitioners will ever pray. &e.
EDWARD G. FAILE, President.
[i.. &.] . It. P. JOHNSON, Secretary.
IiUTIIER H. TUCKER, Treasurer.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
60) amendatory of the homestead law, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
Gl) authorizing the States of Minnesota and Wis-
consm to change their common boundary line;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. McDOUGALL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in reference
to a line of '•team mail ships between San Francisco, Cal-
iloruia, and Canton, China, on the files of the Senate, be
relericd to the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordeicd, That the report made by Lieutenant Colonel
.T. II. irimp-on of his expedition across the Gioat Ba-in of
Utah, cm the files of the Senate, be rdeircd to thf Com-
niiiU'e on Printing, and that they repoi ton the expediency
ol punting the same with accompanying maps.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Oidcrcd, That the petition and other papers of Ephrann
Ilnnt. piaytng foreompent>atnm tui his seivicei a soldier
in the late war with G-teat Bmain, be taken ftoni the files
oj the Senate, and retened to the Committee on Claims.
TREASURY SPECIAL AGENTS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Rcsolted, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct |
ed to transmit to the Senate the names of the special agents j
and assistants now in the employ of his Department, tiie j
State they wei p appointed for, their present field of opera- J
lion-;, with then pay and emoluments. j
OVERLAND MAIL. j
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following reso- j
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- !
sent, and agreed to:  
Resolved, That the Committee on Po-st Offices and Post '
Roads be directed to inquire into the causes of failuie of the i
ovcrlapdmaiKbetween the Ea^tand Cahfomiaand Oiegon
for the past two months and the niannci m which thauci- ,i
vice is being performed, and report the same to the Senate;
and that they be authorized to send for persons and papers.
INDIAN AFFAIRS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing: " "
KesoZcedj That twenty-five hundred copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in addition to tiiose
already ordered, be printed for the use of the Commissioner.
TROOPS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. HENDERSON, I move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders,and proceed to the con-
sideration of House bill No. 35.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.R.
No. 35) to provide for the deficiency in the appro- *
priation for the pay of officers and men actually
employed in the Western department-, or depart-
ment of Missouri, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $700,612 13, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, to carry into
effect the act approved March 25, 1862, ** to se-
cure to the officers and men actually employed in
the Western department, or department of Mis-
souri, their pay, bounty, and pension." In the
payment of this money, it is to be paid directly
to the officers or soldiers by whom the services
were rendered, or to their personal representa-
tives, or to theiR agents appointed by powers of
attorney, and no assignment of any sum due to
any officer or soldier is to be valid. Any person
holding a power of attorney authorizing the re-
ceipt by him of the amount to be paid to any of-
ficer or soldier may, upon making and filing an
affidavit to the effect that he is acting in the prem-
ises purely as agent, without personal interest,
and that he will pay over the amount received
either to the soldier or (in his absence) to his wife
or children, for their benefit, is to be entitled to
receive such amount.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to ask the Senator from
Missouri for some explanation of this bill. It
proposes to make a large appropriation.
Mr. HENDERSON. This question was fre-
quently discussed here prior to thetime when the
Senator became a member of this body. It was
discussed here in 1862, and also in 1803. In the
beginning of the difficulties in Missouri, while
General Lyon was at St. Louis in command of
the Western department, at the time of the up-
rising of the rebels in our State, he called out a
large number of citizen soldiers in order to check
the progress ofthe rebellion m the State. A great
many men responded immediately to that call,
and remained in the service during the summer of
1861. Afterwards, some time in July or August,
General Fiemont was sent to the department, put
in command, and he continued the policy that had
been previously adopted by General Lyon, and
a large number of troops of a similar chaiacter
were called out by General Fiemont. At that early
period we had very poor facilities, indeed, for
mustering in troops according to the forms re-
quired by the military regulations of the United
States, and we were equally badly off*for the forms
of mustering out. In fact there was but little time
for formalities. In consequence of the informal-
ity o£ the papers, the mustering-in rolls and the
mustering-out rolls of these troops, the paymas-
ters of the department refused to pay the troops,
even though they had been in servicc for six
months, and many of them we re in for longer than
six months. The battle at Booneville was fought
by troops of this character. A la rare number of
them were engaged in the battle at Springfield, in
which General Lyon fell. They did veryimport-
! ant service in the State of Missouri. A great
i. many of them 1 think were from the State of Iowa,
I and numbers of them were from the State of Kan-
! sas.
I In the sjiiing of 1862 a bill was introduced into .
f the other House by my colleague, [Mr. Blair,]
1 providing that the troops should be paid notwith-
j standing the informality of the mustering rolls,
i The paymaster of that department, who is now
! the acting Paymaster General, Mr. Andrews,
! reported that it would take some, two or three
| million dollars, lie thought, to pay the troops
1 whose rolls were being presented in an informal
i manner. Tiie chairman of the Military Com-
mittee in this body, the Senator from Massachu-
' setts, presented a bill to postpone all payments
undci that act. it was amended, however, so as
