2242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Mr. COWAN. Wii! the Senator allow me to
correct him by saying that I never expressed any
such opinion? I have uniformly from the first,
at all times, expressed the opinion that that was a
question for the President, and not for Congress.
The Senator is utterly mistaken.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not remember the
paiticular phase which the honorable Senator's
objection then assumed—I mean his objection to
passing any law for the organization of colored
troops.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator, I
think, understands the ground that I have always
taken, and that is that the negro is a citizen of the
United States in that sense which makes him owe
allegiance to the United States; that having been
afforded protection he owes military servicc;"but
bein^ in the opinion of some barbtuous, in the
opinion of others semi-barbarous, and m the opin-
ion of others civilized, it was a question for the
Executive to know whether he could be employed
in our armies as a civilized soldier. That has
been the ground which I have taken from the
outset.
Mr. WILKINSON. I know that during this
present session the honorable Senator has taken
that view, and very justly, as I conceive. He
assumed in a discussion here some few weeks ago
that even the slave was a citizen and owed alle-
giance to theGovernment, and that that allegiance
was a primary allegiance greater than that which
lie owed to his master or anybody else. In that
I fully concur with the honorable Senator. But,
sir, 1 cannot assent to the idea that it is not time
to do ri«lit, that it is not time to extend to these
men who are now giving their support to this
Government their rights; or rather that it is not
time to cease insulting and abusing and degrading
them; that it is not tune to cease and withdraw
our opposition to this class of persons. After we
have got iho&tads upon thousands of them fight-
ing for their country, we in our legislation are
discummating directly against them, and aiding
to keep them as far as we can in a degraded and
servile condition.
i look upon it as tlie highest duty of this nation,
as loni; as (ins Government will accept the ser-
vices of these men in the field, to strike out all
language in every law which tends to discrimin-
ate ,i ,uust and to degrade them and the class to
which they belong. Py inserting this word
" white" into the law as now proposed, we are
yielding to a wicked prejudice that slavery has
inaugurated on this continent and among our peo-
ple; we me yielding to a wicked prejudice winch
has grown up within the last thirty years, grown
up undt'i the inlluence of the arch-tiaitor, John
C. Calhoun, ami perpetuated by his adherents all
over tins countiy; and it, is time that that influ-
ence should he crushed under our feet, particu-
l.uly since we have accepted the mihtaiy service
of thin cIuhm of people, and accepted it at a time
when we cannot very well afford to let that ser-
vice go.
Mr. President, it was a short time ago, and
even since this session commenced, that it was
difficult to get a bill through Congress giving
these men any leasonable pay for their services
in the Army It was within a veryshoit time
that we could pass a bill through the Senate pay-
ing them thi! teen dollai s a month foi the services
which they were rendering to the eountty. Sen-
ators, patriotic, honoiable Senators, wanted some
discrimination; they wanted to degrade these men;
they wanted them to fight for the country, but
they must fight for ten dollars a month while
white soldiers light lor tint toen dollars a month.
Now I think it is time that the American people
should rise above suc^ prejudices ant! be willing
for once to do justice. There are ti great many
people m this country who think—and I admit
that i share somewhat m that belief—that we
s'hall never get out of this war until we are con-
verted, until we can afford to be just, until we
can see the light, and seeing it pursue it without
any variableness or shadow of turning. We are
not entitled to success unless we arejust ourselves.
in this District I think that the proposition of
the honorable Senator from Maine, although it is i
not directly befuie the Senate now, is eminently |
practical, it can be earned into effect. It will j
not ufcflte any disrurbciuce m the municipal gov- ;
ernment of this Dishi^t. It will not derange" the j
city go\i.'rni)k'iit There will be no great moon-
venience in carrying out this measure, nor will
the ordinary affairs of the District be disturbed.
Why, Mr. President, this population have been
from the very commencement of this war the most
quiet, law-obeying, orderly people we have among
us. It was conjectured all over the eountty, it
was predicted that if we freed the negroes, if we
abolished slavery in this District, they would be-
come insolent and turbulent, and the peace of the
city would be disturbed. It was predicted by
people North and by people South that when the
war commenced there would be an insurrection,
and we have been enlightened on this floor by the
hour as to the horrors of a negro insurrection. I
defy any man to show me a singl& case,- to point
me to a single instance where the colored people
of this country since this war broke out, or since
we have commenced to treat them as men and as
human bemgs, have violated the law, where they
have sought in any wise to pursue any course
that was inconsistent with the most exalted hu-
manity and reverence for the institutions of their
country. There is not a single instance of it from
the southern boundary of Pennsylvania to New
Oilcans. Where in whole districts of country
the women and children have been left m the hands
of negro slaves, all of them Union men, ignorant
as they are, uneducated, without any of the ad-
vantages which fiee people of color possess, they
have never shown any disposition to violate the
law or commit any act of cruelty or impropriety
whatever. There is no single instance of it.
There is a sublimity in the conduct of these peo-
ple in this present emergency such as history
furnishes no parallel to; all of them for the Union,
all of them waiting to receive the Union armies,
ail of them taking care of the people who are un-
protected when they are left in their hands, all of
them showing that they have a faith m the tii-
umph of the cau«e of their country, and ail of
them looking by the triumph of our arms to then-
own emancipation. And, sir, whenever the Gov-
ernment calls upon them, they are ready to re-
spond, and they do it with a confidence and with
a spirit of obedience such as you will find m no
other class of people in this country. With these
great facts before us, is it not strange that we as
a people should refuse to observe them, but con-
tinue on in'our blind piejudice to peisecute and
degrade this people?
In this condition of things, whenever a, law
comes up here it is supposed to be necessary, in
order to prevent some disturbance, in order to
conciliate somebody, that you must pat m an of-
fensive clause against colored people; you must
insert some word m the bill that will show that
they are not human beings as we are, that they
are not entitled to the rights and tg the privileges
and to the immunities of other men who light for
and maintain the mteiestsof their countiy. So
far as 1 am concerned I will never do it wherever
any practical result is to bo attained by either in-
serting or striking out any such proposition. I
hope that the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania will not be adopted. Let us at
least strike out fiom the national statute-book
everything which is inconsistent with the great
truth of the equality of all men. Let us not
while we are snuggling to protect and perpetuate
our own libeiues he guilty iff the giant wiong of
attempting to depnve black men of theirs; nor
should we be guilty of peipttuatmg a wicked
piejudice against this people, which had its ori-
gin in slavery, and is one of the vilest featuies
of thataecmsed institution.
Air. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, peihaps it
will not be amiss, at least it does not appear to
me to be so, to make a few remaiks on tins mat-
ter after the general declaration of the Senator
from Minnesota that Senators heie who do not
sustain or act with him in relation to measures of
this description intend and design to degrade this
class of colored persons.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state to the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey that I meant to say
that it is perpetuating a wicked prejudice that
was inaugurated by slavery,and which ought,in
my judgment, to be abandoned. I did not mean
to assail any particular Senators. |
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not know what the S
Senator meant; I understood distinctly what he !
said. |
Perhaps the amendment of the Senator from 1
Maine theoretically is right; because,an I under- i
stand it, the right of suffrage in. a republic like
ours should be based upon intelligence and citi-
zenship; and, everything else being equal, with
no opposing element to control the mind m com-
ing to a different conclusion, that should be the
rule of action"; but it never has been so, and I sup-
pose it never can be so. If the question is to be
determined by this rule, them some of the ablest,
purest, and most patriotic citizens of the country
who are now deprived of it—I mean the "better
portion of creation"—will be entitled to the right
of suffrage; and some of our noble youths who
with hearts and hands are joining m the noble
fight for freedom, whose minds are beaming with
intelligence, should be entitled to the exercise of
the elective franchise although the mystic penod
of twenty-one years of age may not have yet
arrived.
But, sir, at this time it seems to me that the
proposition of the Senator from Maine is not only
inexpedient but full of mischief, and would be
most disastrous. I often think that from our
want of active recollection and unconsciousness
of things about us that, we hardly realize the state
in which v/e are. Why, sir, let us remember
that we are in the midst of a war the most terrible
and dieadful that has ever shaken the surface of
the earth, the issues of which are this day trem-
bling in the balance. The evidence of it is in the
death of thousands of our noblest and our best,
who fall like leaves before the winter's blast, and
whose mangled forms now bleeding lie within
the "Wilderness."
Sir, we must have unity. " Unity is strength."
If we divide upon unnecessary questions, ques-
tions not of vitifrimport to the country, I fear the
banner of the country will be trampled beneath
the arint'd heel of traitois. I fear the effect of
this measure will be like that of many other meas-
ures now agitated; such a measure as was dis-
cussed in the House of Representatives yesterday
—I speak with great respect—to parcel out the
lands of rebels, which very lands are drinking at
this hour the best blood of our bravest men m a
death-struggle to maintain their hold upon that
very soil.
Sir, all questions of this kind serve only but to
hurt and injure us. We had better wait until we
have secured the conquest before we undertake
to parcel out these lands. It will be time enough
to do it then. All these things tend to drive far
from our standard many men who were at fnst
inclined to rally round it. Everything of this
description just at this time, in this fierce stiug-
gle, goes to weaken, not to strengthen, us.
Our troops are patriotic; they need not such
incentives to uige them forwaid to the field. Let
rebel owners first be overcome before you under-
take to share their lands among our woithy
soldiers; this is moiejudicious.
Put, sir, if I understand the proposition of the
Senator from Maine, it is not simply to extend
the right of suffrage to colored persons, but to
restrict it m the case of whites. The rule pro-
posed by him is that no citizen shall be entitled
to the exercise of the elective franchise unless he
can read and write with facility. That has not
been the requirement heretofore. That has not
been the law since the establishment of the gov-
ernment of Maryland, which has been succeeded
for the last fifty or sixty years by the General
Government in this locality. Is this a time to
strip a white man, although he may not lead and
write with facility, of thus great right—the right
of voting—and thus excite him and his friends
to hate and violence against the Government?
The Government should foster and protect his
rights while he is struggling to maintain it. Sir,
this is not the time to do this thing. We cannot
affoid to do it now.
The Senator from Minnesota says it only
applies to this District. Sir, it is the principle
that is objectionable. This is the renter; strike
this chord here and it will vibrate to the utmost
limits of the Republic and agitate the country
almost as deeply and profoundly as the rebellion
has itself. Sir, it is madness now to do this
thing.
Then, sir, conceding it to be theoretically risjht,
is this a proper time to press upon the country
such a'measure? There are many things in ethics
and in morals which, although abstractly right,
cannot practically be used under all arid every
circumstance. What will he its effect upon our
