1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
soldiers? The sympathies of my friend from
Minnesota embrace these colored troops. He
cannot see why men rushing to the ranks to pre-
serve the blessings of this Government whose
skins are black shall not have the right to exer-
cise this franchise. Sir, why should men whose
•■skins are white, residents of this District, unable
to read and write, who have listened to then-
country's call, gone forth to battle, and bathed
the land with their best blood, be forgotten by
the Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have observed this rule
for my own conduct: 1 never interrupt a Senator.
When I shall have concluded the few remarks 1
desire to make, it will give me the greatest pleas-
ure to answer any question the Senator may see
fit to ask; that is, if 1 can.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 simply desired to ask
the Senator how many white soldiers have gone
from this District and how many black ones.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have not consulted the
statistics. I know thata considerable numberof
both white and black have gone into the ranks,
according to the newspapers and to the current
information of the day. The exact number 1 am
unable to state.
Mr. President, Senators may say this measure
is to be confined to this Distiict; but, sir, the
principle will strike the mind of every man
throughout the limits of the land. Everyfather,
every brother, every relative of every pure and
noble-hearted soldier who has not learned to read
and write with facility, who has gone into the
Army and offered freely his life, g need be, for the
safety of the country, will hear of this amend-
ment with a scowl of indignation. I speak it re-
spectfully; I do not wish to characterize the
proposition of my friend from Maine, for whom
I entertain a very great regaul, with terms of
harshness; but, judging from my knowledge of
mankind and the way m which the human heart
is constituted, that is the way in which this thing
will bo received by that largo class of men who
go to form our legions, beneath whose banners
they now, I trust, are maiching on to final vic-
tory. Sir, it will freeze the blood within their
veins, and, like the touch of themagician's wand,
will turn them into stone; it will arrest their
movements, and in the future nothing but the in-
exorable power of a draft will force this class of
men into the ranks. Sir, how is this.' A soldier
comes from battle wounded, torn, and mangled;
he hobbles on his crutches up to vote; he cannot
read and write; he is driven from the polls! While
absent in the war he has been disfranchised. He
took the field a freeman; he returns a slave. He
went to save the nation; the nation has destroyed
him. Sir, Senators may vote for such a measure
if they choose, but while I live I never, never
will.
Mr. President, the same reason does not apply
to the class of persons alluded to by the Senator
from Minnesota; for colored men within this
District and in several of the States never have
enjoyed this privilege; you do notrob them of it,
as you propose to do white men who have enjoyed
it, and who it is proposed by this amendment
to disfranchise, although fighting in the ranks at
this very hour. Sir, it is a very different thing
to refuse a colored man a novel grant like this,
a grant which he never has enjoyed, or strip a
white man of a right which was his birthright,
and at the very time when he is rendering- the
most energetic and patriotic service that a man
can render to his country. I see a vast difference
and distinction between the two cases now be-
fore us. ...
Sir, I regard this measure at this time as most
dangerous and disastrous. It is not necessary for
me to refer to any former action of mine to prove
my indisposition to degrade the colored manor
disregard his situation. I have done perhaps as
much as any other man, at least on this side of
the Chamber, and at as great a sacrifice I will
not say a sacnficc, because I do not so regard it
  but 1 know I might have had some benefit under
acts of Congress connected with this class of per-
sons; but, sir, 1 would make up my mind to as
soon touch the price of blood as touch the price
of human bondage; I so have always felt, and
acted on it. 1 oppose this proposition. Ourarrnies
must be full, and so be kept. I believe that if
you"|iass the amendment I have spoken of, that
in addition to the whizzing bullets of the foe
which sweep our soldiers down in horrid win-
rows, you will keep regiments of men out of the
ranks which they have filled so well in former
times, and that our troops will waste away like
snow before the breath of spring.
Sir, these are my reasons for opposing the
amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not rise to take part in
this discussion, but merely to correct a state-
ment which has been made as to a historical fact
said to have existed in my own State. It is due,
I think, when a statement is made in this body
which is accepted in the country as true, coming
from the source it does, that we should be care-
ful to ascertain that we are correct. The facts
show that the right of suffrage in a negro never
existed in the State of Virginia. They were ex-
pressly excluded by law". The constitution
adopted in 1776 by the government of Virginia
as a State, limits the exercise of the right of suf-
frage to such persons as at that time had the right
under the law to exercise it. The act of Novem-
ber, 1762, 3 George III, defines the qualifications
of voters. After requiring a life estate in at least
fifty acres of land, the seventh section of that act
provides as follows:
"That no feme, sole or covert, inf.mt under the age of
twenty-one, reeu-ant, convict, or any poison convicted in
Great'Britain or Ireland, during the tune loi winch he is
tiansported, am- any free negio, mulatto, oi Indian,although
sucll peri-out. tie Ir'eeholdeis, shall have a vote, or be per
mitted to poll, at anv election ot burgesses, 01 eap.-lble of
heme elected; and if any person, not being a tieclmlder,
qualified as by tins act is clnected and required, shall pre
sunie to vote,'' Stc.
This act was rcenacted in 1818. The consti-
tution of 1829 followed, which defined the quali-
fication of voters; so that it will be seen that never
ill that State has the right of suffrage been con-
ferred upon a negro.
Mr. HOWE. I would have contented myself
with a silent vote against the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania now pending, but for
the position taken by the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan.] I f'eelalittleembarrassed at that.
Every one knows that in the recent classification
of parties the Senator from Iowa is tanked as a
radical. Eveiybody knows that in that same
classification I am ranked as a conservative. I
had the pleasure the other day of seeing my name
m a hst with other Senators in one of the news-
papers of the country surrounded with very
heavy black marks. 1 regard that as conclusive
evidence that I am conservative; and when I find
myself on a question of human equality standing
in advance of the Senator from Iowa, I feel bound
either to step back or to apologize. It happens that
upon this precise question now pendingbefore the
Senate I have been so long committed to a posi-
tion antagonistic to that occupied by the Senator
from Iowa that I cannot step back; and so I feel
called upon to apologize. [Laughter.] lamrealiy
afraid I shall lose caste. I shall be taken out of
the black list and get in among the radicals.
My apology is this: I differ from the position
assumed heie by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
and assented to by the Senator from Iowaand the
Senator from Connecticut. I believe this right
of suffrage to be a natural right, as much so as
the no-lit to practice law, as much so as the right
to eat~oi- the right to breathe. I agree that, not-
withstanding it is a natural right, it is a right
which the governing power may deprive any one
of for special reasons, justas they can depriveany
one of the right to practice law, or the right to
practice medicine, or the right to eat, or the right
to breathe; but there ought to be a sufficient rea-
son for depriving any human being of any ot these
rights.
The only reason which the Senator from Penn-
sylvania suggests for depriving any one of the
right of suffrage in the District of Columbia is
tliat he is black. 1 do not and I never did con-
sider that an adequate reason. Twice in the State
of Wisconsin I have been called upon to vote on
this very question, and both times I voted to ex-
tend the right of suffrage to people of this color,
! and both times I did it before the negro was much
] in fashion. 1 did it when black was not the popu-
j lar style, [laughter,] and having done it then, I
i beg leave to have the advantage of the fashion,
| now that it has come in vogue. That is another
| leason why I do not wish to vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. i i - '
I am willing to deprive those who ^re not mafes
of the right of suffrage, because they exercise it
by proxy, as we all know. Females send their
votes to the ballot-box by their husbands or other
male friends. We may affect to deny it, but in
legislating upon grave matters like this it is be'tte'r
to tell the truth about it. We go there to carry
votes. We are instructed to carry them fref*oi-e
we leave home. [Laughter.] Therefore 1 am
willing to exclude females from this privilege of
going to the polls themselves. I think they ought
not to vote double; and inasmuch a^ their hus-
bands vote once for them they ought not to vote
at all.
1 am willing to exclude those who are not
twenty-one years of age, because they have not a
mind of their own; they are not emancipated by
law anywhere. They Ganftot contract. Theyare
supposed to act under the guidance of others.
Tliey are not emancipated in any sense undexany
law; and if they had the right to vote they_ would
be,as theyare in everything else, in all their daily
avocations, executing the will of others, not their
own.
Therefore I like the proposition submitted by
the Senator from Maine much better than that
submitted by the Senator from Pennsylvania. _ I
am willing to exclude those here in this District
who cannot read and write from the right of suf-
frage, because really, if I am compelled to tell the
truth, 1 do not think a man can be qualified to
exercise this very delicate power or prerogative
or privilege—whichever you call it—.of super-
vising the whole action of the Government who
cannot read the first syllable as to what the Gov-
ernment does. I think he is as incompetent to
exercise the right of suffrage as the man who has
never read Blackstoue or any other work on juris-
prudence is to practice law. a
But the proposition submitted, or which we are
told will he submitted in due time by the Senator
from Maine, proposes to exclude all those living
within the District who have not a taxable es-
tate from the exercise ofthis right. I dissent from
that idea. Persons are as much to be protected
by Government as property, and there are thou-
sands and millions in our land—I am afraid mil-
lions; thousands we know—whose personal rights
they feel as precious to them as any rights of
property can be; and since these rights of persons
are as necessary to be protected as the rights of
property, I am for giving to all those who are
competent in other respects to exercise this priv-
ilege or this right, the right, notwithstanding they
have not any taxable estate. With that modifi-
cation, I should be glad to vote for the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Maine.
The Senator from Pennsylvania the other day
spoke with considerable force and earnestness
upon the necessity of our guarding the elective
franchise and the dangers to which we were ex-
posed from not guarding it. I listened to all that
with a great deal of interest and with a great deal
of appreciation ;but I put it to him to-day whether
the limitations proposed by his amendment are
better, wiser, juster, or safer than those proposed
by the Senator from Maine. If he says they
are, 1 must beallowed to differ from him. I think
the limitations and restrictions proposed by the
Senator from Maine are much the safest, much the
wisest, and the justest.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I cannot vote
for the amendment proposed by the Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania, nor can I ever vote for the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Maine,
While I am anxious to extend to colored citizens
in this District, and especially to those who are
bravely fighting the battles of the country, the
right of suffrage, I am not willing to take tiiat
right from those who now possess it. I never
have voted, I never can vote to take from any mall
the right, the inestimable privilege of the suffrage.
Whenever I have been called upon to vote upon
questionspertainingto the rightof suffrage, I have
ever voted againstall restrictions upon that right.
Sir, I see nothing in the events now passing be-
fore us, nothing in the bloody dramaupon which
we are now gating with intense interest, to shake
my faith m the toiling men of my country. This
work of death, this appalling civil war is not the
work of the poor, the ignorant sons of toil, black
or white. It is the work rather of men who scorn
