1864. •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3219
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No,
for the relief of Mary Kellogg, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Pensions;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
asked to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the following petitions:
Petition of citizens of New York, praying a
vote of thanks of Congress to Commodore W.
D. Porter and the crew of the United States gun-
boat Essex for the destruction of the rebel ram
Arkansas;
Petition of watchmen at the navy-yard at
Washington, District of Columbia, praying an
increase of pay* and
Petition of Mary L. Watts, sister and sole heir
of George Walts.
Mr. COWAN,from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was refened the bill (H. R. No. 117)
to refmburse the State of Pennsylvania for ex-
penses in calling out the militia of said State dur-
ing the recent invasion, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Haym M. Salomon, submitted a re-
port accompanied by a bill (S. No. 331) for the
relief of Haym M. Salomon. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordeied to be printed,
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 318)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
certain property when no longer required for the
public service, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, reported a bill (S.
No. 332) to establish salaries for postmasters, and
for other purposes; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the resolution
of the Senate of May 27, calling for an account
current between the United States and the united
bands of Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Pianke-
shaw Indians, submitted a letter of the Secretary
of the Interior addressed to the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, communicating the
amount called for by the resolution; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a petition of Jnmes Storm, of Stock-
bridge, Wisconsin, and a bill (S. No. 294) for the
better protection of the tribal rights and interests
of the Indians, moved that they be postponed to
the first Monday of December next; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
weie referred the following bills,communications,
and memorials, asked to be discharged from then-
further consideration; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 18G) for the relief of the Peoria,
Piankeshaw, Kaskaskia, and Wea Indians of
Kansas;
A bill (H. R- No. 425) for the relief of the
Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Piankeshaw In-
dians of Kansas;
A bill (H. II. No. 441) providing for the re-
moval of certain stray bands of Indians from the
State of Wisconsin;
A message from the President of the United
States in relation to the amount of money received
by the Government for the sale of the Wea trust
lands;
A report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating the papers and awards of theconfmis-
sioners appointed under the act of February 16,
1863, " for the relief of peisons for damages fus-
tiuued by reason of depredations and injuries by
certain bands of Sioux Indians;"
A letter of the Secretary of the Interior, recom-
mending an apptopiiation for the Indian seivice
in the Terntory of Dakota;
A letter of the Secretary of the Inteiior, com-
municating an estimate of the nppiopriations re-
quited to fulfill treaty stipulations with the Clup-
pewas of Red lake, and the Pembina band of
Indians under the treaty of October 1, 1863;
A letter of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating estimates of the appropiiations re-
quired to defray the liabilities incuned for the
subsistence of the Sioux and Winnebago Indians
lemoved from Minnesota to Dakota;
A letter of the Secretary of the Interior recom-
mending an appropriation for the Indian service
in New Mexico for the current fiscal year;
A letter of the Secretary of the Interior com-
municating an estimate of the appropriation re-
quired to comply with the treaty stipulations
with the Chippewa Indians of the Mississippi;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas in
favor of the negotiation of treaties and the enact-
ment of laws for the removal of all the Indians
residing in a tribal capacity within that State;
A memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota
praying for the eaily payment of the damages
sustained by the Sioux Indian war of 18G2;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas in
favor of making such treaties with the Indian
tribes in that State as will secure their removal
therefrom, and allow the State to tax the lands
now occupied by the Indians immediately after
their sale;
A memorial of John Beeson, L. F. Peaslee,
and A. D. RuggleFf,
A memoiial of John Beeson; and
A petition of settlers in the absentee Shawnee
Indian reservation in Douglas county, Kansas.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 527) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1865, to report it back with
amendments. As these amendments are compara-
tively few and simple, and this is the last of the
appropriation bills, I ask that without printing the
amendments the bill be set down as the special
order for one o'clock to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator think it ad-
visable to proceed with that bill so soon? Is it
not customary to keep it till the very close of the
session ?
Mr. SEIERMAN. It is the lastofehe regular
appropriation bills.
Mr. SUMNER, t understand that, and on
that very account it should be kept to the last.
We do not know but during the last week it may
be desirable to add to the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The session has ap-
proached such apeiiod that I think the bill ought
to be considered in the Senate and sent back to
tly House of Repivsentatives;itcan be kept there,
and they can propose amendments to ouramend-
ments; so that the matter v. ill be open. As it is a
regular appropriation bill, I think if better to act
upon it before the revenue bill is reported hack.
The PRESIDENT j)ro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill to-day.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now move that the bill be
made the special order for one o'clock to-day.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds concur-
ring thcrem.
I'ltKSKKVATION OF TUIJLIC WORKS.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Hdim's on the bill (II. R. No. -150) to provide
for the icpair and pioeivation oi eruam public woiks oi
the United Slate-, having met, alter lull and tree confer-
ence have <iji c<*d to H'eomi'ii'ttd and do leeommcnd to
their rt'-poetive Houses ;is follow :
That the tfenatu it-cede fiom their throe amendments
made to Mid bill. 'A CUANiJLiOK,
j, M. MOllttiLL,
K. I). MOLIGAN,
Managers on the prrt oj the S<'nalc>
D. If. WASIJBURIYi;.
JOHN U'. LONGYEAR,
Managers on the }iait oj the Home.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do the Senate recede fiom
all their amendments ; Why is that, and what
were they r
Mr. CHANDLER. There were only three
amendments, all immaterial; but there was fuller
information befoie the committee oi conference
than there was before the Senate Committee on
Commerce upon the subject.
The ieport was concurred in.
CVTALOGUI5 OF lUCBELLION PUBLICATIONS.1
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was consideted by unanimous con-
sent, and agited to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency of causing a cata-
logue of ali the publications leJatmg to the piesent rebel-
lion to be compiled.
RECRUITING 1st IRELAND AND CANADA.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following res-
olution; whieli was considered !>y unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate if tiny authority has been
given to any one, either in this country or elsewhere, t<*
obtain recruits in Ireland or in Canada for our Army or
Navy; and whether any such recruits bavebeeu obtained,
or whether to the knowledge of the Government Irishmen
or Canadians have been induced to emigrate to this coun-
try in order to be so recruited j and If so, what measures,
if any, have been adopted to arrest such conduct.
message ifttOM TIIE HOUSE.
-A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 540) to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment, and for other purposes; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolutions; and
they were thereupon sighed by the President)?,?-#
tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 545) to amendan act entitled
"An act to provide for the paymentof horses and
other properly destroyed in the military service
of the United States;"
A joint resolution (H, R. No. 87) amendatory
of an act to provide for "the deficiency in the
appropriation for the pay of oilicers and men .
actually employed in the "Western department or
department of Missouri;
A joint resolution (LI. R. No. 95) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to amend the contract
with John Ericsson for the construction of two
impregnable floating batteries, the Dictator and
the Puutan; and
A joint resolution (H. R.No. 107) for the relief
of Major Morris S. Miller, of the quartermaster's
department.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 540) to provide\vays and means
for the support of the Government, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
BILLS INTRODUCED,
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 330) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish and
equalize the grades of line officers of the United
States Navy;" whwh was read twice by its title,
and refeired to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 71) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to dispose of certain moneys therein o
mentioned; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 7'2) to provide for payment of the claim of
Colonel H. C. De Ahna for military services;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affaiis and the Militia.
NATIONALITY OF SEAMEN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire the Senate this
morning to consider some bills which have been
reported from the Committee on Commerce, and
which ought to he passed promptly. I move first
to take up the bill (H.R. No. 519) repealing cer-
tain provisions of la w concerning seamen on board
public and private vesselsof the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Qpmmittee of the Whole. It
proposes to lepeal so much of an act for the reg-
ulation of seamen on board the public and private
vessels of the United States, approved the 3d of
Maich, 1813, as makes it not lawful to employ on
boatd any of (he public or piivate vessels of the
United Siates any person or persons except citi-
zens of the United States or persons of color, na-
tives of the United States; and so much of the
third, fifth, sixth, and seventh sections of an act
concerning the navigation of the United States,
approved the lst-of March, 1817, as concernsthe
ciews of vessels therein named; and so much of
the first section of an act entitled "An act to re-
peal the tonnage duties upon ships and vesselsof
the United States and upon certain foreign ves-
sels, " approved the 31st of May, 1830, as makes
