1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Massachusetts say s that war could not be car-
ried on without paper money when it is earned on
there without it now.
X call his attention again to the fact that the
closing scenes of our Revolution were carried on
by hard money. The war was carried on with
paper money until 1780 or 1781; but in April,
1781, in Philadelphia, Continental money stood
as 130 to 1, (gold,) and in May as 220 to 1, when
the bubble burst, and the whole $200,000,000 is-
sued went down. The peace of 1783 was, under
Robert Morris, acting through the Bank of North
America, a hard money triumph as well as a tri-
umph of liberty. The closing glorious scenes of the
Revolution were all a triu ra ph of hard money, when
Continental money was not worth the paper it was
printed upon. So it was in the French Revolu-
tion. In the early period of the Revolution, when
the wild men of that Revolution ruled and were
destroying and devouring each other, when des-
potism was installed in every place and liberty
thrown down everywhere, the days of Danton,
of Marat, and Robespierre, then paper assignats
were spread far and wide. Then was the era of
French paper money, and of great financiers in
assignats arid manduts. Then paper money was le-
gal tender, and forced upon people in all parts of
France. There were issued in all forty-five mil-
liards of assignats—that is, forty-five milliards in
francs, equivalent m our money to $9,000,000,000;
but long before this wild issue their imaginary
value even had blown up. The French people
lost everything, not only the liberty for which
they had struggled, but their property too. In
the midst of that downfall and overthrow there
arose in France, not a genius of peace, like Rob-
ert Morris, who, in his specie-paying bank,
evoked order out of chaos, but a genius of war,
who, sword in hand, cut away from paper money,
and evoked order out of chaos by the splendor
and the terror of his arms. That man was Napo-
leon. He brushed out of existence at once the
whole system of paper money, assignats and man-
dats, and down they went at his bidding. Gold
was the money of Napoleon; hard money was
the foundation upon which he stood the imperial
guard of France; and the paper chaos of Marat
and Danton and Robespierre fled at once, while
the imperial eagles were planted upon the palaces
of Potsdam in Prussia, the overhanging hills of
Dresden, the beautiful Schoenbrunn of Austria,
and the Kremlin of Moscow. Gold and the
guard were the companions of Napoleon from the
Tuileries up to the day when he was stricken down
in battle by the combined Powers of Europe upon
the bloody field of Waterloo; and then he went
down not buried m paper assignats, nor in Con-
tinental money, nor in Treasury notes, but with
the golden eagle ill his soldiers' or his marshals'
pockets, and with the golden record: "I found
France ruined in assignats and mandats; I stood
her up upon a platform of gold."
So, too, in the war of 1812. The war of 1812
was not a paper money war. None of the banks
of the United States suspended specie payment in
that war until six months before the treaty of
peace ; and, if I am correctin my recollection, the
banks of Massachusetts never, during the war
of 1812, refused to discharge their obligations in
specie, at least the banks of Boston. That is my
impression, that is my belief; I have so read, and
I think I am right. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts_nods assent, and I hope the example
of his illustrious State will tempt him to invoke
order out of this existing chaos, and reestablish
Boston as the golden hub of the universe by mak-
ing gold and silver the basis of money there and
everywhere. _
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether he refers to the same Massa-
chusetts of which he spoke so disparagingly the
other day?
Mr. BROOKS. Disparagingly ! I thought I
exalted Massachusetts, certainly the power of
Massachusetts, to the skies. I bow to Massachu-
setts. One gentleman from that State introduced
this bill, and another gentleman from the same
State introduced the freedmen's bill the other day;
I know that whatever Massachusetts ordains is
the law, and hence I bow to the power of Massa-
chusetts. I acknowledge her sovereignty; lam
the victim of her will and her ordinances, and I
am prepared to obey.
Well, now, what is the remedy of the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.Hooper]
in the existing order of things ? Why, he and his
friends tell us they have only introduced the New
York system of free banking, and have limited
the capital to §300,000,000. I answer that the
New York system, under the superintendence of
the banking department, is kept distinct from the
treasury throughout, not entangled at all in it as.
in this bill. It is an isolated department, not con-
nected with the Executive or treasurer of the State,
nor with any branch of the State government,
but is a separate and distinct department through-
out, free from interference or control, save bylaw
formally enacted, through all the branches of the
State government; and such I hope will be the
character of this bill before we get through with it.
This system differs in another great respect
from the New York system. That is based upon
redemption in gold and silver, and only in gold
and silver, while the system of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is based upon paper,
exclusively upon paper, and upon nothing what-
soever but paper.
Mr. STEVENS. Are the banks of New York
redeeming their notes in gold ?
Mr. BROOKS. I knew the gentleman was
going sarcastically to ask me that question, for I
had heard him in the Congress preceding indulge
in the same sarcasm. But I am disposed to
answer him. They would redeem in gold had
not the party which the honorable gentleman leads
declared by law paper to be the equivalent to gold.
[Mr. Stevens then seemingly preparing to ask
another question.] And now he is going to ask
me if they did not suspend specie payment be-
fore the legal-tender act. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. That seems to follow.
Mr. BROOKS. I knew he was going to ask
me that. The New York banks would have been
compelled to redeem their notes in gold and silver,
or to go into liquidation long before this period,
if the Government of the United States had not
interfered and enacted that with a Treasury note
worthonlyabout sixty cents on the dollar the full
dollar of obligation could be legally discharged.
We should have done our duty in New York—we
have done our duty hitherto—and long before this
we would have driven all these banks into liquid-
ation if they had not redeemed in gold.
Mr. STEVENS. If 1 remember correctly, the
New York banks took the §150,000,000 loan and
paid $100,000,000 of it in com; and about the time
of the meeting of Congress refused to pay the
other$50,000,000 in coin,and paid it in currency.
Mr. BROOKS. If I were to answer that re-
mark,it wouldlead to another half hour's discus-
sion, and upon an irrelevant matter, and consume
all my allotted hour's time.
Mr. STEVENS. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. 1 withdraw the suggestion. [Laughter.]
Mr. BR.OOKS. Then I will avail myself of
some other occasion.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
was also pleased to refer, in the course of his re-
marks, to some observations of my honorable col-
league [Mr. Fernando Wood] as if in justifica-
tion of the system of debt and finance which ex-
ists in Great Britain, and therefore directly, not
by implication, to justify this country in follow-
ing the system of finance which has been adopted
in Great Britain. The remarks of my colleague
bear no such implications; but let that pass.
Now, sir, in my judgment, no more fatal step
could ever be taken, than in matters of debt and
finance to hold up to the people of the United
States the example of Great Britain as an exam-
ple for us to imitate or to follow. I speak not with*
out observation with my own eyes, and I speak
by the authority of books too, when I say that
while England is nominally the freest country in
Europe, if not now in the world, a system of so-
cial slavery and of labor slavery exists there
worse than in any part of continental Europe
south of Russia. The people of England are more
ground down by taxation and poverty and mis-
ery and social slavery than almost any other peo-
ple in Europe. A native-born American, if he
hasnot a title or a million of money, finds it next
to impossible to live in freedom, ease, and happi-
ness among the peopleof Great Britain, unless he
is willing to beapariah amongaprivilegedclass.
Their manufacturing population, their laborers,
their peasants, the whole class of workmen in
Great Britain are, with exceptions certainly, but in
a great part, the most miserably and, degraded of i
laborers that exist anywhere, in Europe; Russia.-
excepted, or on the confines of Europe—1 was-
about to &dd in Egypt .or upon the shores of the
Mediterranean. The immense debt of Great,Brit-;,
air], the consequent enormoustaxation, the classes'
of society it has created, from the high-up-r«ih to
the down-trodden poor,.are, pr ought to be, bea- .
cons of terror for every American to affright hirp -
from her whole financial system- ,,
Look at England, and Ireland too-; reail, of.
them in the books; go into the manufacturing dis-
tricts or the .collieries ofEngland; walk from the,
Hebrides, or the Highlands, then throughout
Yorkshire and Lancashire, or throughout Great'
Britain generally, and you will find that more--
poverty, more misery, more human degradation
exists among laborers there than in Austria, oe
France, or Prussia, or anywhere in Europe, un-
less it may be in some parts of Greece or Turkey,
in Europe, or possibly in some parts of Russia^
and ail this is the result of their debt and the ne-
cessary imposition of high taxes to support it,,
and the consequent oligarchy of capital and of
aristocracy of title to rule in cooperation With that
oligarchy over the great masses of the people.
Sir, I know this is not the day nor the hour to.
speak irreverently of any man or set of men who
are exalted now to a pinnacle of glory as the grejtt
paper financiers of our country. I do not expect
a verdict this day or in this House; but I know
what will be the verdictofhereafter. I know be-
cause I have read history; and it is a logical in-,
ference from what has been that the same causes
are certain to produce the same effects again. John
Law, the author of the Mississippi bubble, at
one time stood in France upon the very topmost
round of human elevation. A Scotchman and a
Protestant, he was adopted by the French nation,
a Catholic people, as a son and child of that na-
tion, and for his successful financiering lifted up
from obscurity to be thegreatest man in all France,
But he had to fly from France as an exile to save
his life, driven away in the dark hours of the .
night; and that was the end of one paper money
financier.
Sir, in my own day I have seen Nicholas Bid- .
die on Wall street surrounded by the richest met)
in New York and the neighboring cities, hoping
for a smile on his face, bowing to him with ven-
eration, observing his motions, and trembling be-
fore his frown, watching the very movements of
his eye for the rise or fall in their prosperity.
Millions and millions were supposed to depend
upon the will and caprice or knowledge of Nich-
olas Biddle; and if I, on Wall street, in 1836 or
1837, had spoken of his paper money system that
he was then creating as I now speak of this of
Mr. Chase,another successful financier, I should
not have been treated there with half the decorum
that I am treated with in this House now in de-
nouncing the existing paper money system.
Labor is labor. Work is work. Man is made
to earn his bread by the sweat of his face. There
is no other mcansof legitimately earning support
for life. Gold is omnipotent, next to God, here
on earth. Itis " a higher law," and far above all
human legislation. No military power can reach
it, no military necessity, no military tyranny; no
gold bills of this House or of any other legislative
body. Gold is majesty, high enthroned above
king or emperor or czar or kaiser, and imperi-
ously ruling both over kings and men. Gold only
is money, and there is no other money but gold.
Nevertheless, I tell the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts and his friends here, I bow now on this
bill, as I have bowed before, to the majesty of
Massachusetts in this House, when Massachu-
setts ordains the law. 1 comprehend that this bill,
or the substance of it, is to be the law; and hence .
I wish generously to cooperate with him in good,
faith in bettering the bill as much as lies -in my
power. I wish, therefore, to call his attention,
and the attention of his friends, to a few of what
I deem the deficiencies of some of the provisions
of this bill even to carry out the purposes ha dsr
sires.
Let it be remembered, first, that there is not
provided in this bill the uniform currency which
the gentleman from Massachusetts promisee.
Instead of providing here by law, as the Comp-
troller of the Treasury advises, p#e place only for
the redemption of the $300,000,000 of currency
about to be issued, the bill provides ten places^
