1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
228
was thought to beunadvisable to have an inspection
by anybody of a person at home privately. The
cm oiling officers were to enroll ail men between
certain ages, and then if they should be drafted
they were to come before the board for them to
decide upon their physical ability. As it thus
compelled people to make a journey to get to the
board before their physical ability could be de-
termined upon, the law provided for paying them
their traveling "expenses. The question now is,
whether we will still leave that provision in the
law. Even if a man has a leg off, he is enrolled,
and there is no mode in which he can settle the
question of his physical ability except by making
a journey to where the board of enrollment hold
their meetings. Is he to make that journey .and
then go home again having his physical ability
determined, and be subjected to all this expense
which there is no possible mode of avoiding un-
less we provide a way for his inspection at home?
Mr. WILSON. By the sixteenth section of
the act of last year it is provided—
♦'That all drafted persons reporting at the place of ren-
dezvous shall be allowed travel and pay from their places
of residence, and all persons discharged at the place of
rendezvous shall be allowed travel ajid pay to their places
of residence."
By that provision, persons who appear before
the board of enrollment receive their traveling
expenses. The Senator from Ohio Will recollect,
as stated by the Senator from Vermont, that the
enroiling'officers enroll everybody.' They do not
omit the names of men who they know will be
exempted; they have no right to do so, because
we thought they should be brought before the
board, as we proposed to make an enrollment of
thewhole people. It was therefore thought to be
just, where we asked a man to travel some miles
to go before the board, that his traveling should
be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also informed—I give
the charges as they are made to me—that the
grossest frauds have been practiced under this
provision; that persons who have come before
the board of enrollment and established their ex-
emption weie required to sign papers, in some
cases without knowing precisely what they were,
and those papers were really blank receipts for
the amount of their per diem allowance and mile-
age, and some of the officers of the board have
drawn this money, which was not called for by
the persons to whom it was due nor paid them at
the time. The person wljo gets his papers of ex-
emption never thinks anything more of the mat-
ter. Under this system, I am told, the grossest
frauds have ben-n piacticed; to what extent, I do
not know. I think it would be better, if a person
establishes a personal privilege exempting him
from military.service, to make him do it at his
own expense, and sometimes, at least, upon evi-
dence, without requiring h:s personal appearance.
I see no reason why a man oujrht to be required
to travel a hundred miles to prove that he has but'
one leg. I think the evidence ought to be satis-
factory evidence. 1 will not now offer an amend-
ment on the subject; but I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chaiiman of the Militaty Committee
to it, in the hope that he will rcctify the matter.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. Senators desiring a
separate vote or division on any amendment made
in Committee of the Whole will indicate it at this
time, and the question will then be taken on con-
curring in the amendments that are not excepted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I .should like to except the
amend men t offered by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.] I wish to offer an amendment to it.
The 'PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to except the amend-
ment which I offered yesterday as a new section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be re-
set ved for a separate \ ote.'
Mr. SUMNER. Will it be in order to offer an
amendment in the Seuate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
htill be open to amendment aftei the Senate shall
hav concurred in or rejected the amendments
it)tide as in Committee of rhe Wlmle.
Mr. CLARK. ! desne n separate vote on the
ani'-mhnent offered by the Senator from Oiegon,
[Mi Nov.irii.J
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
reserved for a separate vote. The question now
is on concurring in all the- amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole, except such as have
been indicated for a separate vote.
.The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ex-
cepted amendment will be read.
The Secretary read it, which was the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Sherman, to insert the follow-
ing as a new section:
That any person enrolled and drafted into the military
service of the United States may furnish an acceptable sub-
stitute, subject to such rules and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of War. That if such substitute is
not liable to draft, the person furnishing him shall be ex-
empt tiom draft during the time for which'such substitute
is not liable to draft, not exceeding the term for which he
was drafted ; and if such substitute is Jiable to draft, the
name of the person furnishing him shall again be placed on
the roll, and shall be liable to draft on future calls. And
any person now in the military or naval service of the
United States, not physically disqual tfied, who has so served
more than one year, and whose term of unexpired service
shall not at the time of substitution exceed six months,
may be employed as a substitute to serve in the troops of
the State in which he enlisted ; and if any drafted person
shall hereafter pay money for the procuration of a substitute,
under the provisions of the act to which this is an amend-
ment, such payment of money shall operate only to relieve
such person from draft on that call, and his name shall
be retained on the roll, and be shall be subject to draft on
futuie calls.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Will the Senate concur in this amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole?"
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment. It is the^ same that I
offered in Committee of the Whole. It is to in-
sert at the end of the amendment the following
proviso:
Provided, That no person who has been drafted and fur-
nished a substitute or paid commutation, as herein provided,
shall again he liable to draft until the present enrollment
shall be exhausted; but this exemption shall not exceed the
term for which such person shall have been drafted.
The object of this proviso is merely to equalize
the burdens of the draft, and let them fall as far
as possible upon all alike; thatone man shall not
be drawn twice and pay commutation twice, while
others have not been drawn once. It does not
relieve any man from service under the draft, but
only requires every man to be drafted once before
one man is drafted twice. I do not see how it
makes the least difference to theGovernment; and
I thought when it was voted upon in committee
it was not petfectly understood by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this amendment should
be adopted it will defeat the entire purpose of my
amendment, and I would rather see the whole of
it fail. If the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island should be adopted,everybody who
is drafted will do as they did under the old draft.
They will pay the $300,and there will be an end
of it; and the effect will be, no draft will be made.
Any man with $300 can substantially relieve him-
self from military service, because the enrollment
will not be exhausted for a long time. I think it
is giving too much effect to the payment of money.
It is substantially going back to the old system.
If that amendment should be adopted, I think we
had better defeat the whole thing, and let it stand
under the old law. That is my impression.
Mr. ANTHONY. I certainly eannot under-
stand it so. No man is relieved from the draft
underthis amendment. It decides only the ques-
tion of precedence, only who shall serve first. If
I am diafted and pay $300, then I am not to be
drafted again until the Senator from Ohio is drafted;
atid when he is drafted and has paid his $300,
then 1 am diafted again. Itdoes not relieve a man
from the draft; it does not diminish the number
of those from whom the Army is to be recruited;
but it only settles the question which shall come
first; whether a man who has already paid once
shall be drafted before a man who has not paid
once. I do not wish to defeat the object of the
Senator's amendment. It seems to me this prop-
osition cames out the object of that amendment.
It equalizes the burden.
Mr. SHERMAN. The object of my amend-
ment is simply to prevent people from paying $300
to relieve themselves from military service. If
the effect of the payment of $300 is simply to ie-
store a man's name to the roll, he is then likely
to go and procure a "substitute who is not subject .
to draft. That is the purpose of my amendment. ;
The principal purpose is to make it an object, to i
hold out an inducement, to men who are drafted
to hire substitutes from those not subject to $raft*>
from among the veteran soldiers,for instance.
This amendment would substantially defeat the
purpose of my amendment.
I must confess I take less interest in this mat-
ter since the Senate, by a decided majority^ votejtl
to retain the $300 exemption clause. It seems to
me the amount is too small, considering the^com-
parative values of money and labor. Men will
come forward and pay the |300 without objection
and without feeling it, and in that way avoid mil-
itary service. The amendment of the Senator
from Rhode Island would stilt more induce peo-
ple to pay $300, because it would operate to ex-
empt them from draft as long as any one remains **
on the enrollment list. That may be two or three
years. I think it is not just or fair. The argu-
ment I made the other day, it seems to me, is con-
clusive; it is certainly satisfactory to my mind;
and that is this! that if 1, being drafted, employ
some one else who is subject to draft, I ought to
take the place of that person whom I employ;
take the chances for a draft; and if I am drafted
the second time, it is no greater hardship than if
the man who occupies my place in the Army was
drafted likewise. I wish to throw all the obstruc-
tions possible in the way of commuting military
service by the payment of money. The obstruc-
tions I proposed were, first, that the person drafted
and paying money should go back upon the en-
rollment list, and take his chances for a future
draft; and second, to increase the amount of com-
mutation. Thef Senate having rejected the sec-
ond branch of my proposition, there is no virtue
in it except the provision that is now sought to
be modified by the Senator from Rhode Island.
The question being put, the amendment to the
amendment was declared to be agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is not too late, I should
like to take the sense of the Senate by yeas and
nays upon the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island to my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will not treat the question as concluded by declar-
ing the vote in the affirmative. On this question
the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
SenatorfromfOhioa question. Under his amend-
ment what would a man gain by paying $300?
Mr. SHERMAN. He gains all that he ought
to gain; that is, he is relieved from immediate
military scrvice and goes back among the rest of
the citizens to take his chance for future drafts.
That is all he gains and all he ought to gain. It
seems to me we ought not to make, the effect of
commutation so extensive as Senators desire it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let me suppose an
instance. The Senator's name and mine are in
the box. The Senator is drawn and pays §300.
My name remains in the box. His name goes
back with mine,and he maybe drawn again, and
drawn again, and drawn again. It does seem to
me that the provision is a very unjust one.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Carlile, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doohttlc, Foster, Hale, Harris, Hen •
diieks, Howard, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, MeDoupall,
Pomcroy, Powell, Smnner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wil-
ley, Wilson, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Mews. Biown, Chandler, Clark, Coitness, Foot,
Grimes, Harding, Harlan, Henderson, Howe, Lane of In-
diana. Morgan, Nesmith, Itamsey, Sherman, Ten Eyck,
and Wade—17. *
So tile amendment to the amendment was
agreed to'.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made in
Committee of the Whole as amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following:
And if a married person who labors for a livelihood at
some tiade oj occupation, and not possessed of unincum-
bered property exceeding the value of $700,and whose
yeaily earnings or yvage.s do not exceed §400, he drafted,
he may in iike mannerpay ,$150, and thereupon shall be en-
titled to a like exemption.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring: in the amendment made in
Committee of the Whole as it has been amended
in the Senate.
The am«'w!ni«'nt as amomh'd was concurred in.
