1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2245
the conclusion which has been adverted to by Sen-
ators here on all sides to-day, and which seems^
to be agreed toon all hands, that the ri<rlH of suf-
frage is a conventional right; that the political com-
munity where it is to be exercised have the right
of fixing the rule that shall regulate it; that it is
not a natural, or, more properly speaking, notan
original right, and that every community, in the
exercise of its own discretion, has the authority
to say who shall vote and who shall not. The
proposition, then, if this be correct, is whether the
community of Washington city shall, in the ex-
ercise of the authority which they possess, as is
admitted on all hands,extend this rightof suffrage
to persons of color.
Now, sir, what is the rule by which this dis-
cretion is universally regulated? What is the
only wise rule by which it should be regulated ?
As I said the other day, there are two principal
elements entering into this consideration: one is
identification of interest with the political commu-
nity into which a class of persons is proposed to
be introduced by extending to them the right of
suffrage. LeCUs apply that rule. It is a good one,
because certainly every individual who proposes
to exercise the rightof suffrage in the selection of
officers who shall make or execute the laws of
any political community should have some interest
in the welfare of that community. Thereshould
be some evidence by which his interest in the com-
munity could be recognized and demonstrated.
What is the character then, I ask, of the colored
population of the District of Columbia? Is it not
transient? Have not many of them but recently
come here, many of them to remain but a few
years at furthest; perhaps here to-day and gone
to-morrow; here long enough under the rule as
now prescribed to acquire the right of casting a
vote, but who so soon as it is cast will go away;
no permanent interest in the welfare of the city;
nothing to identify them with it, neither property
nor kindred nor the ties and associations of friend-
ship and society generally?
Another rule, and the fundamental rule, is, in
my opinion, intelligence to understand and ap-
preciate this great duty and fundamental right.
The voter elsewhere selects the man who makes
the laws. In that lespcct this remark has no
application to this District, for it is m the anom-
alous condition that it has no voice in enacting
the laws which govern if. No! oven lias it the ad-
vantage of a Territory with a Delegate upon the
floor of Congress to represent its interests with-
out any vote; but then the voter heie does select
the officers who arc to execute the laws which Con-
gress imposes upon the District, and the voters
select the local authorities who make the ordi-
nances that come home to the firesides and the
more intimate and every-day interests of the com-
munity; and in that respect it is very material to
the interests of the city that those who make the
selection of the officers should have intelligence
enough to do it discreetly and with propriety.
I have no doubt that if this amendment be
adopted it will exclude from the polls a number
of persons of color just as well qualified to ex-
crcise the right of suffrage as many white men
in the District. Nay, sir, I will go further, and
say that I have no doubt, if this amendment be
adopted, it will exclude from the exercise of the
right of suffrage many persons of color who are
better qualified to exercise that right than many
white men in the District who now have a right
to vote. But, sir, in the regulations of Govern-
ment in every department there must be general
rules, and therefore individual instances of ine-
quality and hardship must necessarily occur. The
fact is thatthereare many white peisonsexcluded
under the age of twenty-one years who are much
better qualified to exeicise the right of suffrage
discreetly and judiciously than many who are
over the age of twenty-one years who do now
exercise that right. But there must necessarily
he some general rule by which this matter is ieg*
ulated, for it is impossible to graduate the quali-
fication of the voter to meet every contingency.
This amendment, if it be adopted, will exclude
all persons of color from exercising the light of
suffrage at this time in the city uf Washington.
Upon the whole, however, would not that be an
advantage to the city ? What is the general char-
acter of that class of population in the Distuctof
Columbia? Who are they? Whence came they r
It was well remarked a while ago by the Senutur
from New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Eyck,] that their ab-
ject condition was not their own fault, and that
reproach for it did not attach to them, but more
properly belonged to the institutions that have
kept them in a state of degradation; but that does
not alter the fact that they are ignorant, that they
are servile, and in a majority of cases disqualified
for the intelligent and judicious discharge of the
great offices of freemen. They never read our
Constitution. They cannot read our Constitu-
tion. They have not the first elementary idea
of constitutional law or constitutional obligation.
That such is the fact no Senator on this floor, I
undertake to say, will candidly deny. And yet,
sir, it is proposed to extend the right of suffrage
to a class in this community of that character,
of that character by no fault of their own, but the
fact is they are nevertheless of that character.
It is gravely proposed to extend the right of
suffrage in this city to a large number of persons
in that condition of ignorance and disqualification.
Now, sir, what is the number of the colored popu-
lation m the District of Columbia? How many
were lately emancipated resident there, lifted up
out of the degradation of their bondage and placed
on the platform of freedom, but nevertheless as
ignorant to-day as they were when the manacles
first fell from their limbs, as incompetent to exer-
cise judiciously and discreetly the right of suf-
frage, as incapable of saying who is and who is
not a proper man to execute the laws of this city
as they were when they were slaves? I ask
again, what is the number of that class of popula-
tion in this District? it is now large, and it is
growing larger every day. Refugees from Vir-
ginia, refugees fi om Maryland, from ail the slave-
holding counties ai ound us, are congregating here
in the District of Columbia,and if the pioportion-
aie increase of colored population be as great dur-
ing the ensuing five or six years as if has been
for the last two years, one half of the population
of this District at the end of that term will be col-
ored population, and one half of the voters of this
District will be colored voters if the proposed
amendment fail; men who never read youi Con-
sntution, men who have not the first idea of law
or liberty regulated by law. Is it to this class of
population that you propose to extend the right of
suffrage? Are the destinies and welfare of this
great seat of the national Government to be com-
mitted to such custody?
Sir, as 1 have said already, suffrage is not a
natural right. The peisons of color here have no
natural claim to it. They have no o/igmal right
to it. The light exists, piopeily speaking, in the
people of the District; but by the law as it act-
ually exists Congress has the power to say who
shall and who shall not exercise the right of suf-
frage. Then let us be governed by the princi-
ples of a sound discretion, and only extend this
great fundamental privilege of republican liberty
t'o those who aie by habit and education capable
of exercising it judiciously. That is the ground
on which 1 place my vote. Itis not because lam
not friendly to the negro race. I take it upon me
to repel any such insinuation. It may do for Sen-
ators to talk of liberty; they may impugn the
motives of those who favor this amendment. Sir,
against this talk about liberty I can (since I am
in a manner compelled to do so) point to more
substantial evidences of my regard for the prin-
ciples of freedom. lean point to men and women
whose shackles have been broken from their limbs
by the means earned by my own labor, and who
are walking God's earth under the sunlight of
heaven, freemen to-day, that never else had been
fieemen. I say, sir, it. is easy for Senators thus
to talk about liberty; but until Senators who cast
their insinuations can meet me and soy that they
too have given liberty to slaves by their own means
and instrumentality to the same extent, 1 shall
disregard their reproaches and their rebukes.
I am opposed to thismeasuie on another ground,
and that is, upon the ground of the welfare of the
emancipated slave himself. The time may come,
and I hope it will come, when it may be prudent
to extend the right of suffrage to him; but is there
no danger to the emancipated freeman himself by
too much haste m this measure^ Will there not
he a liability of injuring his interests in the ulti-
mate result? It wiil not do to jgnoie the tact that
theie i& a prejudice against him; and that when
he shall be elevated to the condition of equality
at the polls with the white man, in whose bosom
this prejudice, whether justly or unjustly, exists*
it will bring down on him the hostility of tHod'fe
who entertain such prejudices. Will he, be lis
likely to be received as cheerfully into the com-
munity as if he were to come simply as a free.d-
man, and abide his time until,he is qualified,to
exercise the right of suffrage? What will proba-
bly be the result of extending this great right ft,o
him too early? He will be marked at every step
he takes. Those in whose bosoms this prejudice ^
exists—and it is almost universal, let mc assure
you—wilt mark and magnify every failure and
fault he commits in the exercise of this right,
every impropriety in the conduct of the colored
voter; ana if at last the evils of extending the right
of suffrage to this ignorant population become
apparentand intolerable, asl think they will, then
these enemies of the African and the enemies of
his freedom will point the finger of scorn, and
say, "Sec there, we admonished you that such
would be the result; it is a failure, as we pre-
dicted"—a failure, however, because the enter-
prise was commenced too soon, because the priv-
ilege was conferred upon him before he was pre-
pared to appreciate it and to discharge the du-
ties it involved faithfully and judiciously. The
failure will demand a remedy, and the result will
be, perhaps, under the operation of public opin-
ion, that the precocious voter will be remitted
again to the disfranchisement from which he was
inopportunely elevated; the failure, in short, will
be regarded as attestation and demonstration of
the fact that the negro is incurably incompetent
to be a trustworthy voter.
But, sir, I am extending my remarks further
than I intended. I merely rose for the purpose
of suggesting to Senators the propriety, in tho
exercise of the right which we all acknowledge
belongs to us, of extending or withholding this
privilege from this new class of persons whom it
is proposed to introduce into the body-politic, of
bestowing this franchise only upon those who
are qualified to exercise it. That is the true rule.
Asa general lule the colored race in the District of
Columbia are grossly ignorant, and therefore in-
competent to discharge the true functions of a
voter; and therefore it would be unwise to confer
on him the privilege.
My friend from Minnesotahasmentionedacase
of hardship. There are soldiers, he says, in the
Army to-day fiom this District, pouring out their
blood in defense of liberty. I understood that
they were held in reserve down on the Rapidan
the other day. Jt may be, however, that they
will yet pour out their blood; and if they are ca-
pable men, intelligent men, competent to under-
stand how to exercise the right of suffrage, it
would be, I admit, a little hard to withhold it from
them; but, sir, let me tell you that to-day,as the
Senator from New Jersey lias intimated, there
are more white persons in the Army of the Uni-
ted States deprived of the right of suffrage than
there are negroes there. This day, sir, there are,
I suppose, one hundred thousand of our brave
soldiers under twenty-one years of agedyingand
ready to die, who have not the authority or the
right to exercise this great privilege. Why ? Be-
cause it became necessary to fix some rule which
should limit the exercise of the right, and the age
of twenty-one years has been prescribed. It is
supposed that when white males arrive at the age
of twenty-one years they will have attained dis-
cretion and education and understanding suffi-
cient to exercise the right judiciously. All I wish
is to postpone the time when the rightof suffrage
shall be given to the colored race until they ar-
rive, as jt were, at twenty-one years of age-—I
mean to say at a period of mental and moral im-
provement and discretion when they shall be able
to vote understanding^ and judiciously.
Sir, we have been told of the danger of reac-
tion, and it has been said that unless we elevate
the negro at once up to the true dignuy and stature
of a freeman there will probably be a reaction
against his elevation. Sir, I have not so read
human history; I do not so understand human
natuie; 1 have not so observed the operation of
public sentiment. The danger of reaction, in my
judgment, lies m another quarter. It lies in push-
ing even a good principle-too fast. It hes in
thrusting it upon public sentiment when the pub-
lic sentiment is not willing to receive it; and ail
history and all philosophy show that the danger
of reaction is not in not going fast enough, but m
