1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
namely: St. Louis, Louisville, Chicago, New
Orleans, Cincinnati, Baltimore, Philadelphia,
Boston, New York, and San Francisco. One of
these places is the distant city of San Francisco;
another is NewOrleans. When Charleston and
Richmond are reannexed to the Union, as I. trust
they someday will be, Charleston and Richmond
will make twelve places of redemption for this
currency. There is not, there cannot be, any uni-
form currency in this way. The brokers and the
money-changers will everywhere soon be shaving
the people under such a discordant and distant
system of redemption as that. The New York
banking system provides that in the great mone-
tary capital of the country, in the city of New
York, or in Albany, not far from it, the issues of
the State banks shall be redeemed. But under (his
bill, a bank established at Yonkers, Now York,
within a few miles of the city of New York, can
make its notes redeemable in San Francisco or
New Orleans. Under such a system as that there
cannot be a uniform currency of course.
Mr. HOOPER. The gentleman will allow me
to say that it must be with the conscnt of the
Comptroller of the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKS. Yes; but I suppose that the
Comptroller of the Treasury will be guided by
their request.
Mr. HOOPER. What I want to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to is the provision in the
bill that each bank shall select a bank in one of
the cities named, at which to redeem, and that the
selection mast be approved by the Comptroller of
the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, that is better; but twelve
different and distant places of redemption, and
only one of them the monetary center, cannotgive
a uniform currency. There is no way to create
auniform currency in this country except on some
Buch system as the old United States Bank had,
where its branch issues were redeemed by other
branches, and in that way created a uniformity,
or else by compelling all the banks to redeem in
New York. The only way to have a uniform cur-
rency is to strike out those twelve different and
distant places of redemption, and to redeem all in
the great monetary capital, the city of New York,
or, if you please, in Boston and Philadelphia in
addition, in close contiguity to that monetary cap-
ital, and but parts and parcels of it. All other
" uniform currency " in the hour of trial will be
found to exist only in name, never in reality, and
to become by and by the merest mockery.
I now call the attention of the House, too, to
another great change made by this bill; that
is, the abolition in substance of the independent
Treasury ot the United States, the overthrow of
that which was and is the pride and honor of the
Democratic paity, and which successfully forced
itself on the approbation of oven the old Whig
party, and that was the abstraction of the public
money from the banks of the country and the
creation of an independent Treasury, which was
alone to hold that money. This bill in one of its
sections changes, alteis, overthrows all this, and
ijives the whole public money of the country to
that brood of new banks wlueh is to be created
here. The pet bank system is a part of the in-
glorious history of oureouutry. Everyone who
reads the history of 1836-37-38 knows what a
fatal history that was. Kvery one knows what
broods of new banks sprang up only to receive
the deposits of the Secretary of the Treasury;
banks withaimostunpronouneeahle names, and in
towns and cities often known only on the paper on
which the lots were .engraved. Read tiie corre-
spondence of Levi Woodbury, the then Secretary
of the Treasury, with the then banksall about the
country. Tin- record is one ascomie in chicanery
and fidudas it was tragic to some of the best prop-
erty interests of the country. Read of the amount
of money lost. Read therethercportofSccretary
Guthrie, in 185G-57, which states that after all
his labor to collect the public money from those
banks there was at thattime of unavailable funds
$1,609,072. Millions upon millions will now be
lost if again we recede and return to the exploded
pet bank system of 1836-37.
I object to tills system, too, because it has not
made these pet banks pay the cost of the transfer
of the public money, but the transfer is to be paid
by the United States. Under the old United States
Sank, when money in New Orleans in the bank
was to be transferred to New York, to Portland,
or to St. Louis, the cost of the transfer had to be
paid by the bank; but under this bill the differ-
ence of exchange as it may rise or fall is to be met
by the Treasury of the United States, and all the
expense of the transfer of the funds of the public
money is to be at the cost of the United States
Treasury. If, therefore, this system of banking
is to be persisted in I hope the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts will amend the bill in that par-
ticular, and give us at least as good a system of
transfer as Mr. Biddle gave the country in 1830
and 1836.
I object, too, that this system is calculated to
lead to corruption and is already leading to cor-
ruptionof the worstkind. In myowncity,New
York, it is known to every man connected with
the banks that no sooner does the Secretary ofthe
Treasury deposit a large sum of money in a pet
bank than that pet bank goes to the sub-Treas-
urer and invests in the five per cent, temporary
loan; or, in other words, the public money belong-
ing to the Government deposited in the banks
without interest is lent to that very Government
at an interest of five per cent. If the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts willgivehisatten-
tion to the subject and make inquiry he will find
that five, six, or seven hundred thousands ofthe
public money have already been thus deposited
in certain banks of the city of New York, and that
just such deposits are now going on. Sir, no Gov-
ernment," no people, can stand this, thus feeding
upon itself 
[Here the hammer full.]
Mr. HOOPER. I wish before the gentleman
from New York sits down to call his attention to
a fact in regaid to the Bank of North America,
which he claims is a State bank. I find, on looking
over the documental history of the Bank of the
United States, that" the Bank of North America,
which was the precursor of that of the United
States, was first incorporated in 1781 by an ordi-
nance of the American Congress;'* although I
think afterwards that same bank was changed to
a State bank and acted under a charter from the
State of Pennsylvania. But as the gentleman has
referred to the high authority of Robert Morris
at that time, 1 should like to read lum one of the
resolutions introduced into Congress on the 26th
of May, 1781. It is as follows:
That it hereeommcndi d to the several States,
by propei laws for that purpose, to provide that no other
bank ot bankeis shall be pci nutted within the «aid States
icspectively dimng the war."
One other single extract from this history. It
seems flint during the third session of the First
Congiess, on the 4th of December, 1790, a very
elaborate report was made by Alexandei Hamil-
ton, showing that the gentleman was correct in
saying that the Jiank of North America becatnea
State batik. In that report it says:
u The directors ot this bank on behalf of their constitu-
ents have since aecrptcd and acted uiulei a new charter hom
the tftate ot i'eim^> Iv.mi.t, niatei tally vanant troni then
oi njinnl on'', and which so narrows the lounrf.iticn of the
institution as to renderitan incompetent ba-sisfoi the exten-
sive puipo.-er> of a national bank."
Mr. KERNAN. if no othergentlemandesires
to make remarks at tins time, as 1 will be com-
pelled fo leave the city this nfteinoon to visit my
family, I will take this occasion of calling the at-
tention ofthe House to one or two considerations
in respect to this bill.
I do not propose to discuss the general subject
of the currency of the country or the policy of
this bill; but believing as I do that it is in some
form to become a law, I desire to call attention to
some features in it which I hope may he amended,
and one is this: every gentleman must sec that
this bill will give to the Federal Governmentnnd
those who administer it a power far greater than
has ever been wielded by any party or Adminis-
tration in this country; I mean the power of con-
tinuing to some extent the entnc banking capital
of the country.
If all men who please may become bankers,
with a charter making them a corporation under
this act, it seems to nte that there ought to be no
provision leaving it within the powerofany single
man to prevent their gom^ into business if they
comply with the law. It seems to me that the
last clause of section twelve would give the Comp-
ttoiler of the Currency that power. I may be
wrong. If so, I desire to be corrected. Now you
will observe that the prior parts of the bill say in
general language that five or more persons making
certain articlesofassociation,and complying with
certain terms laid down in the bill, shall be au-
thorized to commence the business of banking.
I call the attention of the committee to the last
clause of section twelve. If 1 understand it, no
one man should have such power. It provides
that—
The Comptroller shall have authority to withhold from
an association-Ms certificate authorizing the commence-
ment of business whenever he shall have reason to suppose
that the shareholders thereof have, formed the same for any
other than the legitimate objects contemplated by this act.
So that, while the act professes to put all men
upon an equality who wilKcomply with the law,
yethere is a clause which, if I understand it, says
that this officer, the Comptroller of the Currency,
appointed by the President, whenever he shall
have reason to suppose that they have formed as-
sociations for any other purposes than that speci-
fied, shall have power to prevent them commenc-
ing business. I hope that will be changed, no mat-
ter what party is in power. If any officer can do
that, without assigning any reason, then he has
arbitrary power over the banking business. In
States where they have general banking laws they
provide that persons shall conform to certain con-
ditions, and when they have so complied they
have a right,to begin business. If then they do
other than a legitimate business, the courts will
lay their hands upon them and stop them. The
courts see to it that they do a legitimate business,
and that is the proper way to control these asso-
ciations.
I ask gentlemen to see to it that this is changed,
if, when they come to that part of the bill, they
find I am right. Let the law throw the banking
business open to all who will comply with its
terms, and not permit a man appointed by the
President to say who shall and who shall not com-
mence business. I do not care who has the power,
I fear that it will be abused. Certainly the exe-
cution of such a power ought not to be intrusted
to any one man.
There is another suggestion I desire to make
to the friends of this bill. Section fifty provides
that
On becoming satisfied, as specified in this act, that any
association has refused io pay it5! circulating notes, as
therein mentioned, and is in default, thf* Comptroller of the
Currency may forthwith appoint a receiver, and require of
him such bond and security a  he shall deem proper, who,
under the direction of the Comptiollei, shall take posses-
sion of the book*, recoids, and assets of every desenption
of such association, collect all debts, dues, and claims be-
longing to such association—
in short, to wind them up. It is right and proper
that there should be a provision to put them into
liquidation when they fail to redeem or tire in
danger of insolvency. In States where the courts
select the receiver, they look to see whether he
is a fit man. They look to see whether there is
any reason to take the property out of the hands
of the shareholders and to put it into the hands
of a receiver. Here the power is given to the
Comptroller of the Currency without the assent
of the Secretary of the Tieasnry. I hope the
House will change that, and leave the power to
a judge of the courts. In my own State the court
of chancei y or the court of equity has the gen-
eral power to appoint receivers. I want this bill
amended in that particular, so that this power
shall be vested in a judge, and not in one officer
of the Government appointed by the President,
no matter howgood and pure that officer may be.
It is not a power which should be intrusted to
any but the judiciary acting at general term, or
to a judge sitting in chambers if the exigency re-
qnties it.
I make these suggestions in good faith; for if
the bill is to pass I want it to pass as perfect as
possible. I have no ti^ie to go into a general dis-
cussion of the bill, and I content myself with
pointing out defects which I have observed.
Section forty-one provides that
The plates and speeiai dies to be pioeuicd by the Comp-
troller of the Curicncy for the piintuit,' of such oncuiatmq
notes shall lemain under his eontiol and direction, and the
e\pen cs nfce-sauly nicimed in executing the piovision*
ot this act, respecting the piocmins* of -iiHi notes, and ail
othei expense-* of the bureau, shall be paid out of the p o-
ceeds of the taxes or duties now or hcnwUer to be assessed
on the ciidilation, and collected from associations oiganized
under tins act; and such tax or duty shall be in lieu of all
othei tases on such associations.
In other words, as I understand the bill, they
ate to be exempt from taxation undei State laws
for State or municipal puiposes; and they are
to be subject to no taxation unlu^j the United
