1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the resolution was a fit one or not, and I desired
to govern my vote by my opinion on that sub-
ject. I did not believe, and do not now, that he
nad the right to offer the resolution at the time he
did, as stated by the Senator from Illinois, with-
out unanimous consent, and before 1 would yield
my consent I called for its reading. The Senate
are presumed as yet, of couise, to be entirely ig-
norant of the contents ofthe resolution. I would
not yield my consent to consider it, as 1 have been
to the desk to examine its contents. I may be
permitted to state that it is the same resolution
which was attempted to be offered on another day
some time past by the honorable Senator concern-
ing propositions of peace with rebels, or a sus-
Eenston of the war. When the question was up
efore, it will be remembered that I suggested
that I should like to have the question voted upon
in this form, whether the Senate would receive
such a resolution or not, I totally objcct, for one,
to the reception of such a resolution in this body.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. CONNESS. I am done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose that, as wp are
acting under a special orden, a question of this
kind cannot be raised. We are acting under a
special order of the Senate to take up and con-
sider a certain bill; and surely a Senator cannot
now introduce a resolution when the rule of the
Senate is imperative that it cannot be considered
if there is a single objection. The Senate is act-
ing under a special order; it is proceeding with
the consideration of a bill that was made a spccial
order for the time designated. He certainly can-
not interpose by offering a resolution and then
raising a point of order upon it, and then getting
up a debate and delaying the business of the Sen-
ate. I insist, therefore, that the special order
shall be proceeded with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point of
order made by the Senator from Ohio the Chair
thinks is susceptible of easy decision. The spe-
cial order was before the Senate, having been an-
nounced by the Chair when the hour arrived.
The Senator from Kentucky then askedleave to
introduce a resolution 
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. The Chair misappre-
hends the motion that I made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the motion as the Senator now makes it,
then.
Mr. DAVIS. And I made it in those torms at
*The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to postpone the present
and all prior orders to enable him to introduce a'
resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I object until the resolution
is read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objection
to the reading in that state of things is premature,
because the primary question is, will the Senate
consent that the Senator from Kentucky shall offer
the resolution ? The objection to its reading is
therefore premature, because the Senate must say
in the fit st place whether they will receive it even
for the purpose of being read.
Mr. CONNESS. Is it not the privilege of a
Senator before he shall vote as to whether another
shall have the right to introduce a resolution, to
know its contents ? w
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That maybe,
but the question asked by the Senator from Ken-
tucky is n vote on his motion to suspend the pres-
ent and all prior orders to enable him to intro-
duce a resolution—a naked motion.
Mr. CONNESS. Unless the resolution be read,
I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is per-
fectly proper, and each Senator has a right to vote
on the motion as he sees fit. In the opinion of
the Chair the special order is under the control
of the Senate, and may be postponed by a major
vote of the Senate. It is bofore the Senate, but
may be postponed by a mnjorvote. The Motion
of the Senator from Kentucky the Chair regards
as in order, but of course it is subject to the de-
cision of the Senate upon the motion whether
they will postpone all previous orders to enable
him to introduce a resolution, the contents of
which are wholly unknown to the body.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will vote to allow the
Senator to introduce his resolution without lcfer-
ence to the contents of the resolution. I do not
know what the resolution is, but as the Senator
desires to introduce a resolution I will give him
by my vote an opportunity to do so.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentlemen who object to
my motion confound two separate motions that
are entirely distinct. They confound a motion
to present a resolution with a motion to suspend
all prior orders to give an opportunity to present
a resolution. The motioft that I make is not to
present a resolution. 1 have no doubt my hon-
orable friend from California will vote agdinstthe
presentation of the resolution; I expect it; but I
have not made that motion. The motion which
I make, and which is the only question before the
Senate, is this: will the Senate suspend the pend-
ing and all prior orders so as to give me an op-
portunity to make that motion, or not?
Mr. CONNESS. Then I understand that the
honorable Senator's resolution is not now before
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
the possession of the body at all.
Mr. DAVIS. On this motion to suspend I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is that the Senate suspend the present and all
prior orders to enable the'Senator from Kentucky
to offer a resolution, and on that motion the Sen-
ator from Kentucky asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. Now before the vote be
taken, if in order, I ask for the" reading of the
title of the resolution that the Senator proposes
to offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair the resolution is not before the Sen-
ate, neither the substance nor title, and neither
can be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am so well satisfied that
such a practice as this would lead to the entire
subvcision of business m this body that I am
constrained to appeal from the decision of the
Chair, it cannot bo, it seems to me, that a mem-
ber can move to suspend a special order, made so
by a two-thirds vote, for the purpose of introdu-
cing a thing that is out of order except by unan-
imous consent when he has done it. He cannot
introduce his resolution except by unanimous
consent after this motion is passed. His motion
is to suspend the pending and all prior orders to
take up, what? Not something that is before the
Senate, but to allow him to bring in something.
I insist that such a rule as that is subversive of
the business of the Senate,and I am constrained
to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We are called upon to
vote whether we will postpone 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the appeal of the Senator from Illinois
from the decision of the Chair. The Chair de-
cides to entertain the motion. The question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the j udg-
ment of the Senate?"
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The original question was
to determine whether we would lay aside the
regular order to allow the Senator ft om Kentucky
to bring in his resolution. How can we judge
whether we prefer to lay aside the spccial order
and act on the resolution unless we know what
the resolution is?
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to make just a single suggestion ? The
question is not whether the Senate will suspend
the pending and all prior orders to take up my
resolution. It is simply whether they will sus-
pend the present and all piior orders or not; and
if they decide to suspend the pending and all prior
orders they have the light to take up my resolu-
tion or any other business that the majority of
the Senate may determine lo take up. The mo-
tion to take up my resolution is not a pait of the
question at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me that the
Senator is utterly mistaken. The question surely
is not whether we shall suspend the special order
without any purpose. It is not very probable
that the Senate will suspend it without any pur-
pose. If they suspend the special order they
suspend it fur a purpose, and the purpose is to
take up something else; and if in the judgment of
the Senate we think that something else had bet-
ter bu taken up than the special order, then we
say so. * But how can we st\y so unless we know
meonu way nj oihtu what it is that is proposed?
It is clear to my mind that when a Senatbr is
called on to vote whether he-will lay aside the
special order to take up something else, or allow
something else to come up, it is necessary- to
his forming the opinion whether he ought t<o do
it or not that he should know in some way or
other, by the reading of the title or the statement
of the title or the statement of the contents, what
it is proposed to take up. That seems to mo so
clear that I apprehend the Chair, on further con-
sideration, will see that it is absolutely necessary
that that should be so; and this whole matter of
the decision of the Chair, and the appeal from the
decision of the Chair, might be acted upon by the
Chair without going to the trouble of an appeal. I
think an appeal to those* who are accustomed to
and acquainted with the order of business herein
tiie body will show that it always has been the
case that if you move to lay aside one thing, you
must move to lay it aside for some purpos^. Now,
what is that purpose? We want to know in some
way or other the object of Inyin&aside.
Mr. TRUMBULL, If theSefiator from Wis-
consin will allow me, I want to suggest that he
is a little mistaken in the statement that he makes.
It is not to take up a resolution. That'is not
what the motion is. It is to allow the Senator
from Kentucky to offer a resolution, and that is
the reason wc cannot have it read. It is not be-
fore us. The motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky was to postpone the pending business and
all prior orders. Now, prior to what? Prior to
this time. Not to take up anything, but for the
purpose as he stated of introducing a resolution
which he sent up to the table. 1 know the Sen-
ator undertakes to deny now that he had any such
purpose as introducing a resolution, though 
Mr. DAVIS. I have not denied it. Do you
say I deny it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
from Kentucky to say a moment ago that his
motion was simply to suspend the pending busi-
ness and all other prior orders without avowing
what his purpose would then be 
Mr. DAVIS. I did not make any such state-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I misunderstood
him. I stand corrected. I did not mean to state
him wrongly. TheSenntorfrom Kentucky knows
I would not intentionally state him wrongly.
Then, if I understand him now, ho couples it
with the permission to introducearesolution-—.
Mr. DAV IS. I do not couple it now with any
such permission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I do not understand
the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make myself understood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will give way for tho
Senator to state his proposition. I understood
him so.
Mr. DAVIS. I stated that my proposition
was to suspend the present and ail prior orders.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Simply?
Mr. DAVIS, i stated at the same time that
it was my purpose to offer a resolution, but I also
Stated that the only question before the Senate
was whether it would suspend all prior orders or
not. If it decided to suspend all prior orders it
could refuse to take up my resolution or permit
me to introduce it, and could take up what busi*-
ness it pleased, and I say the parliamentary rule
is soadministered in every deliberative assembly.
ThePRESIDlNGOFFICER. DoesiheChair
understand the Senator from Kentucky now to
make a motion simply to suspend all prior orders ?
Is that the motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. That is the motion; I avowing
my purpose, if that motion is sustained by the
Senate, to offer rnv resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheCJmirlms
misunderstood the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky, and is very clear that the motion as
now stated cannot be entertained. A motion to
suspend the present and all prior orders must
connect with it some ulterior purpose on which
the Senate can act. It is an indivisible thing,
like a motion to stnkeoutand insert. The Chair
cunnotentertain the motion as now stated.
Mr.-DAVIS. Will the Chair permit me to
make a suggestion in a woid?
Mr. SHERMAN. Ifitisnotin order I must
objcct. I am in charge of a bill.
Mr. DAVIS I appeal from the decision of*
the Chair.
