1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by appeal, and was felt to be one of great importance in
principle. It was considered with an anxiety and care
worthy of the principle involved, and which give Itacon-
trolling influence and authority on alt questions of a simi-
lar character."
Therefore not hastily or carelessly did the
supreme court of North Carolina declare colored
persons to be electors under the State constitution.
That was the constitutional law of the State of
North Carolina fashioned by our fathers under
the influence of the Declaration of Independence.
Sir, 1 am content with that law. I do not think
that the Senator from Pennsylvania, though he
represents a northern State, can mend that law
from a slave State. Nor do I think that any of
us on this floor can feel humbled if our judgment
is postponed to that of Chief Justice Gaston of
North Carolina, who did not hesitate to declare
Eositively that constitutional law of human rights,
y virtue of which colored persons are citizens.
Hut if they are citizens how can you deny to
them the electoral franchise?
1 am content to leave the question here. I will
add that, as I understand the subject now, I shall
deem it my duty to vote against all propositions
creating any discrimination of color. Atthis mo-
ment of revolution, when our country needs the
blessings of Almighty God and the strong arms
of all her children, this is not the time for us
solemnly to enact an injustice. In duty to our
country and m duty to God, I plead now against
any such thing. We must be against slavery in
its original shape, and in all its brood of prejudice
and ei ror.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I must beg
the indulgence of the Senate for a few moments,
while I give a more explicit contradiction to the
allegation of the Senator from Massachusetts,
when he said that I was the advocate of slavery
in any form, whether body, soul, or tail," to
use the classical and senatorial language of the
distinguished Senator. My whole life is a stand-
ing contradiction of that allegation. Before I was
out of my teens, in my humble, puerile efforts to
put myself in print, I stood upon the record as an
essayist arrayed against the institution of slavery.
From that day to this I have been opposed to it
not only in principle but, as I have already stated
—perhaps I had better not hcive adverted to it—
in fact. While the honorable Senator, with his
great abilities, and learning, and eloquence, has-
been talking about the freedom of slaves, I have
been actually set ting slaves free. How many has
he set free? And yet, sir, that honorable Senator
tells me that I nm the advocate of slavery 1 When
he gets his other law in force, making persons of
color witnesses in the Federal courts, I can bring
half a dozen negroes, liberated by my own per-
sonal means, to testify that I am a better eman-
cipationist than he is.
But, sir, I wish in addition to show the incon-
sistency of the Senator's own argument for a mo-
ment. Our fathers, he says, went to battle with
the Declaration of Independence upon their hps;
and he calls upon us to-day to carry the princi-
ples of that instrument into effect. But yet, sir,
the author of that Declaration of Independence
and the leading lights whose luster that Declara-
tion of Independence reflects, were also the au-
thors of the Virginia constitution, which prohib-
ited every white man in that Commonwealth from
voting who did not own fifty acres of land or
a lot in some city, thereby disfranchising in the
old Commonwealth of Viiginia at one time inoie
than half the while persons over twenty-one years
of age. Why did they do it? Because in the ex-
ercise of the very right which I claim we ought
to exercise here, to fix the rule judiciously, they
thought the right should be restricted in that way.
And yet the Senator has no word of reproach for
them!
Why did he pass over the honorable and dis-
tinguished Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill]
to rebuke me, when the very amendment of the
Senator from Maine which lie proposes as a sub-
stitute for that under consideration will disfran-
chise more white men in the city to-day than
there are negroes to whom itrwill give the right
of suffrage? Why, sir, it just comes back to
this, that every community has the authority to :
fix the time when and the terms upon which per-
sons shall be allowed to be introduced into the
body-politic and to exercise this great privilege.
I did not say the time would never come when
this right should beexcicisedby colored persona.
ma
I intimated that the time probably would come; i
and whenever the community, which alone has '
the authority to say who shall compose a portion
of that community, sees proper to allow persons
of color to vote, I shall have no objection. All
I undertake to say now here is, that without any
knowledge of what the wishes of the people in
the city of Washington are, we should be gov-
erned by the principles of discretion which should
actuate every man, it seems to me, in the ordinary
transactions of life, and not intrust to the agency
of persons incompetent to execute it judiciously
the great interests which would be involved in
the extension of the right of suffrage to persons
of color in this District. If the time shall come
when they will be educated, and when they will
understand and appreciate the privilege, and ex-
orcise it judiciously, I shall have no objection,
most assuredly, to its being conferred on them.
Mr. WILSON. It is very important to have
an executive session to-day.
Several Senators. Let us vote on this bill.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senate is ready to vote,
I shall not interpose; but we have some very im-
portant business to do in executive session, which
should be attended to.
Mr. CONNESS. I merely rise to suggest that
I think there will be no more discussion, and I
hope we shall get done with this subject; other-
wise we shall consume day after day with it to the
exclusion of other business.
Mr. COW AN. I have a very few words to say,
Mr. President, and I am free to declare that those
which I shall say will be said " more m sorrow
than in anger." 1 have waited patiently for a
long time, but have felt offended and hurt at the
tone which is continually assumed in debate here
on the part of cei tain gentlemen who profess to be
orthodox jxir cxcclhncc on this subject of human
fieedom. I should like to know by what war- j
rant the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
xlr] or any other Senator declares upon this floor
that when 1 and the Senator from West Virginia
and other Senators oppose the extension of the
electoral franchise to negroes we are advocating
slavery. Is that the language to be used i,i the
Senate of the United States, where it is supposed
that of all other places in the country there is to
be least of buncombe, least of claptrap, least of
that which is calculated to deceive the idle and j
the gaping crowd r Does the Senator from Mas- 1
sachusett,.-* or any other Senator on this floor
however long he may have labored in this cause
and however many and violent speeches he may
have made on the subject of slavery, profess to be
nunc opposed to human slavery than we are?
Sir, the assumption is idle and lidiculous, and it
only betokens weakness when it is asserted.
"Slavery dies hard." Then " slave-hunting
dies hard,"and " West Vngima, the offspring of
the sentiment of freedom," ih to put herself under
the guidance of the Senator from Massachusetts,
subjugate her will to his, say what he desires her
to say, vote as he desires her to vote, and then
she will be in the safe line of precedent!
Mr. SUMNElt. Vote forfterdom: that is all.
Mr. COWAN. Vote for freedom, Mr. Presi-
dent! What is freedom? I have no objection
on this floor that any Senator may take my argu-
ments and combat them. Tie may make them
absurd if he pleases. I have no objection to the
reductio ad abswdum. He may make them ridic-
ulous. He may make them fallacious. But,sir,
when any man rises here and assails the motive,
the intention, the secret purpose which moves a
Senator in this body to take his position and as-
sume the ground that he does assume, then I say
that if that Senator is not out of order under the
rules of the Senate, he is out of order as among
gentlemen.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not assail the Senator's
motives at ail. I made no allusion to the Senator
except. • nerally.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that hereafter the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and all other Senators will
allow that when wedo not happen to believe in all
the articles of the creed of that school which calls
itself radical on this floor, we are not to be set
down as rogues and knaves and villains advo-
cating and desiring to advocate the cause of the
enemies of the country. Can we not be treated
at least \frith that common decency that is due
fiom one gentleman to another m the ordinary
intercourse of society?
And, sir, I have another word to say in thut
respect. That may be donb here; but it is never
done upon the avenue, it is never done out of
doors in our outside walks.
Now, sir, one word further. Mr. President,
I am as much in favor of human freedom and the
universality of human freedom everywhere'asthc
Senator from Massachusetts dare be*, but does he
suppose that when I advocate that gontiment'I
ignore all history, all science, all fact? Does he
mean to assert upon this floor that there is no dis-
tinction between th6 Indo-European and the Mon-
go!ian„races of men? Does he suppose there is
no distinction between the Caucasian race arid
the Malay and the African ? Would he admit to
the enjoyment of the electoral franchise.the in-
habitants of New Zealand or of Australia, were
they to come here? Has he ever advocated the
admission of our North American Indians to the
right of suffrage ? He says that the objection that
we have to negroes voting is an "odious preju-
dice." Has the gentleman a wife, has he a daugh-
ter? If he have, would he not recognize this thing
which he calls an " odious prejudice,"and would
he suppose that he was to be arraigned for his
taste in that respect? Wecannotignore the facts
of tribal antipathy; we must recognize them; and,
Mr. President, we must legislate too with an eye
to them. I would bo willing, and have been will-
ing—and I feel perhaps as little jt>f them as any
other man—to override these prejudices, hut they
are there, they exist as a fact, and they will exist
as a fact despite all our legislation and all our ef-
forts to smelt down in one great whofe the mass
of the human family. Is a man to be denounced,
is a man to be said to be against his country and
in favor of an obnoxious institution of his coun-
try, because he suggests these difficulties in a
question of this kind?
Now, Mr. President, I have another word here
to say to gentlemen who advocate the introduc-
tion of these new things, who are sighing for
these reforms. They are in favor of the perpetua-
tion of the power of the present Administration
or of the party which wields that power. I sup-
pose nobody will deny that. By what tenure do
you hold that power? From the people. The
honorable Senator represents Massachusetts; and
when 1 desire to know the will of Massachusetts,
I will listen with the greatest deference to the ut-
terances of the Senator from Massachusetts. He
is one of her accredited organs upon this floor;
and t have never, and I trust that I never shall
rise here and contradict or deny what he may
choose to assert about the sentiments of her peo-
ple; and t trust, Mr. President, that so long as
lie and 1 act together in the same political organ-
ization I will never be unkind enough, unjust
enough, selfish enough to attemptto thrust in his
way in his State that which would be calculated
to destroy the political power which his party
now enjoys. -Will he not yield that to me ? Will
ho not'yield it to the honorable Senator from
West Virginia? Is this Government a Govenv
ment of the people or not ? Are we the represent-
atives heie of the sentiment of the people, or not?
Are we here to reflect their opinions, or are we
not? Are we to go out into the wide lealms of
speculation and think and do for ourselves as we
deem fit? if that is to be the rule, then I can un-
derstand and appreciate the motives which move
the Senator from Massachusetts.
But, sir, what I was going to say was this: if
he and those of his friends who insist on this in-
novation m this District, who insist upon extend-
ing the mantle of the-elective'franchise until it is
broad enough to cover the negro, expect this fall
to perpetuate the power of this Administration
and of the party which supports it, they will be
veiy much misken if they resort to measures of
this kind, whatever Massachusetts may think,
whatever Minnesota may think, whatever those
people may think who have not more than one or
two negroes at most in an election district, what-
ever those people may think who know nothing
about a community surcharged with an idle, dis-
solute, vicious, ignorant negro population just
emerged from slavery, to enjoy the high prerog-
atives of freedom, and the broad political rights
which wc enjoy alongside of us.
I beg Senators to think of this. If you love
your country, if you believe thatin our handsand
the hands of our party alone the power of the
country can be wielded to save it, to restore the
