1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in-
states sec fit to impose a tax on therrt. Gentle-
men will pardon me when 1 ask them to give me
their attention and see where this law will lead
us. Under this law all the wealth of the country,
all the personal property can be put into the banks
to the amountof §900,000,000—if I am wrong the
gentleman from Massachusetts will correct me—
because the only limitation of this act is that there
shall be but §300,000,000 of currency, and for that,
currency there must be deposited United States
stock. But no bank is required to put up slock
beyond thirty-three and one third per cent, of its
capital. Then we may organize a bank of$300,000,
and we need put up but §100,000 of United States
stock, but we may pay in and use-for banking
purposes $200,000 more.
Mr. HOOPER. I think the gentleman nar-
rows the limit too much, The only limit to the
amount of the bank capital is the amount of the
public debt, and there may be capital of three
times the amount of the debt of the United States.
Mr. KERNAN. I was looking to the provis-
ions of the sixteenth section. That section con-
tains this provision:
Every association, aftci having coin plied with tlie piovis-
inns i>l' tins act, prcliimnaiy to the commencement nt'hniik-
jng buMness under its provisions, and before itsflall tic au
thonzuil lo commence business, shall transfer and deliver
to the Ttea^urei of Hie United States any United States
registered bonds healing inteiest to an amount not less than
one thud of the capital stock paid in.
Therefore you can have a bank of §300,000 cap-
ital, it may all be paid in, and you are only re-
quired to put in one third of that in United States
stocks.
All the capital that is put into these banks is l>y
this law exempt from any taxation. Now I think
that is very unwise. Remember that these banks
share in all the benefits of the State government;
they haveall theprotertionwhich theStategovern-
mentcan afford them; they have theuseof all the
machinery which the State government affords,
the courts and judicial tribunals of the State; and
should they not bear their proportion of the bur-
den of supporting the State government? Will
you allow the wealthy men of the State to take
then personal property and put it into one of these
banks ami say that shall be exempt from taxa-
tion, and throw all the burdens of the State upon
the real estate owners, many of whom arc men
of comparatively small wealth? Is it wise; is it
just? All our hanks in the State of New York
are put upon the assessment rolls, and they pay
a tax upon the real estate which they occupy for
bank purposes and pay a tax upon their personal
property paid in, deducting the value of the real
estate. Now, it you take millions of personal
propel ty iiom under the taxing power, the tax
will be thrown upon the real estate, and the effect
would be to woik great hardship.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to rail the attention
of the gentleman to the far.? that the prohibition,
if extensive as he supposes, dues not extend to
the tax upon the income of the stockholder in a
bank. Just so far as the persons are within the
jurisdiction of any State, just so far may their
income on the propcity in the hank be taxed.
His argument, tiieiefore, if I am correct, entirely
hills to the giound, inasmuch as it leaves the rep-
resentative of the flock in bank subject to taxa-
tion, although the bank itself might be entirely
exempt from it.
Mr. KERNAN. I am much obliged to the
gentleman, but 1 fear that will not help the. mat-
ter. Jn all our States we levy a tax upon prop-
erty, and J do not see any mode of legislation by
winch a particular class of men may be taxed
upon their income so as to make them equal with
athera. 1 may own ^5,000 in a bond and mort-
gage, and although the man fails and I do not
get a dollar of income, yet the capital is taxed,
and is placed upon the assessment roll.
But i desire to suggest, because an illustration
makes a matter plainer, that in the citv where I
reside the wealth, the personal wealth of the whole
country, is gathered there in our banks. They
pay a considerable portion—about one fourth 
of the city or municipal taxes, being rated like
others. A great portion of our population is com-
posed of mechanics who own their houses and
lots, and thete aie a few men who own stoies.
Now, then, if tins bill becomes a law ail the
State banks have got to como under its provisions;
tiiey are tempted by the benefits on the one side !
and lashed by the penalties on the other, and they '
must all come under it. By exempting them
from taxation, you take all that personal estate
from under taxation, unless it can be got at by
some special legislation.
Mr, KASSON. With the permission of my
friend J will say that I do not think he has appre-
ciated the extent of the suggestion which I made
to him. It was not merely that it might be taxed
as income so far as dividends were realized, l^ut
that the representation of that stock might be
reached for the capital invested by him in the
bank.
Mr. KERNAN. In other words, if I had
$>100,000 invested in the bank I might be assessed
for that amount.
Mr. KASSON. This clause only extends to
the exemption of the corporationasacorporation.
Mr. KERNAN. I object to that, because it
has been the universal policy of the States and of
the General Government to tax corporations, and
the effect of the gentleman's suggestion would be
to impose ati income tax upon the corporation
and make individuals pay it.
Suppose a .stockholder holds $1,000 of stock i#
a bank in the city of Utica, and that he removed
his residence to New Jersey, how is he to be
reached for the purpose of taxation ? He is,1 a
non-resident of the State of New York and cannbt
be taxed. This is a common occurrence. Men
#nrc accustomed to live m New Jersey and do busi-
ness in New York so that they cannot be taxed
in New York on their personal property. As
tiie result of this war taxation will necessarily be
very heavy for the nation, the States,and the cities,
and you will find that stockholders in these banks
will not reside where their capital is invested.
They will bo non-residents of the city or State in
which the corporation which is using their capi-
tal does business. So that unless you tax the cap-
ital of the corpotation they will be entirely beyond
your jurisdiction. That is so particularly in le-
gard to municipal governments. They have to
pay all the expenses of police, of lighting, of
street-cleaning; and corpoiations come there and
locate becmise of the convenience for business,
enjoying nil the protection of the city government,
while their stockholders, by living elsewhere,
avoid contributing to those expenses. We can-
not tax them at nil unless we do it by laying the
tax on the creature which the law creates, and
which is, for all those purpbaes, deemed ape-r-shn.
The committee will pardon me if I read ui ex-
tractfrom the report of Mr.Yan 'Dyke, the super-
intendent of banks in the State of New York, and
who is—lest gentlemen may suppose that party
feeling influences him m this mattei—himself a
member of the party in powci. He speaks of this
subject for this reason: our hanks were buying
up these United States bonds that are exempt from
taxation, and converting their capital into them;
nnd the couits had held that that pait of their
•capital thus invested was not hable to be taxed.
This bill is much more sweeping in that respect.
t Jt not only exempts tin* capital thus invested, but
when two thirds of it is so invested, it exempts
the whole.
Mr. Van Dyke says in his report:
neretoioro the capita? of each bank, association. Sec.,
liny been the direct Mibject of taxation." *•*•<<
"The hanking in^titniion^ of the Stan* hold fruitedStates
cecuiiUesto an amount exceeding then capita!*.
Even thi« hears hut a s-tnnll pioportinn to tie Him lidd by
mdiv.duaN, and when tliic amount nl capital abstracted
("torn the taxable propetU oi the State, it become}- obvious [
that the buidens jmpOM'd upon othc toim^ of inveMinom 1
mtir-t be {neatly enhanced.'" * * * + " it j
cannot lie deemed uniu>t that the bmaen* of the Stare j
should be imposed without paritalm on the property of the •
■State. Banks, coloration?, and individuals shaie alike j
in the protection ot State Jaw* im:U the advantage* of local j
uoveinment. The cqmtv \\ln<-b i-'dea^cb a Ur<.'e poitionof j
the wealth ot the State trom local taxation, aiid fixes the j
deficiency upon ptopeity ie--> negotiab'o in it* ohataoter— ||
which exempts the bond* o«'the cap.tatist ftom State tax- |j
ation only lo a^c^ it upon the dwelling oi the humble ;;
mechanic ot the land ot the u-jricultmi-t—will not he j:
leaddy admitted. Had Congn's* limited the immunities j
eonteried upon th - holdeis of (anted State* stocta to ex- ;
cmption tiom taxation for nllpuipofcs of the national Gov- j
eminent, jr would piobably have j.ub*-cived cvciy desirable j
end. But when n ^'oe* iiutlKu,.uul asj.umos«to icniave the ;
piopeity of citizens Horn beyond the juii>dict on of the !
State In which it us located, ui-d exempt? it iiom .ill bur- :
dent; oi a municipal character, it trenches upon j^tound of '
questionable utility, which may be pioductive oi popui.u 'i
difcontentj a!d,e injni sou* to the <.'eveimiK nt and the in-U- 11
unions, .tv.iihny themselves. u''lhe immunities oi]"en d.' i
Now, Mr. Chairman, that was written m refer- !
enre to the law us it stood hoioio, by which Uni-
ted States bonds were exempt from taxation. The , >
wealthy men of the community who, by the self* i
interest which always moves men, invested their *
personal estate in these bonds, wer£ exempt front *
taxation for State, county, town,-village, or city-f
purposes. They were free from those burdens ?
which they should have shared; an^ the-bmsieirs -•
of the Stat*and city governments whose advant^ i
ages they enjoyed were cast upon -other- classes
of persons with great inequality tmd great
justice, as the bank superintendent says* Bui
this bill not only proposes to exempt tfaUed *
States bonds, but also to exempt the entire capfe
tal of these banks whenever a certain proportion -
of it is invested in this way.
1 trust, Mr. Chairman, that those who deem
this to be a wise measure will give a fair consid-
eration—that is all I ask, as it affects all generally
alike—to this feature of it. I have received tet-
ters on the subject from private persons, and res-
olutions from towns, calling my attention to this,
and asking that Congress shall have its attention
called to this exemption of United States bonds *
from State taxation, saying that it -enables the
wealthy to put their property in these securities,
thus avoiding taxation, and throwing the burdens
of it on the other classes of the community. They
argue that it would be better to pay a higher-rate
of interest, or favor their negotiation by exempt-
ing them from United States taxation, but that
this getting up a discrimination at hdme among
the people was, unjust, in the first place, and would
be injurious.
Mr. Chairman, I desire only to call attention
to this view of things, especially in reference to
my own State; and I can see no distinction be-
tween that and others. 1 have endeavored not.to
enter into a general discussion of the policy of the
bill, which, however, I hope will be fully dis-
cussed, for it seems to me to bea bill fraught with
more of good or evil than most bills which come
before us. It is one"certainly which, combining
as it does all the banking capital of the country,
will in the hands of a party Administration wield
for that party an influence far gieater than was
ever wielded by any Administration or any party
in the history of the country.
But, sir, as 1 remarked in the outset, I do not
intend to discuss this bill in its general principles:
I merely call the attention of-the House to these
particular features, which I trust will be amended
if it is to become a law. I hope they will receive
the careful consideration of the House and of
Congress.
Before 1 take my seat I will indicate an amend-
ment which I have prepared, and which some
gentleman may perhaps offer at the proper time
jn my abscncc. I propose to amend the eighth
section by adding as follows:
And Midi associations and corporations shall severally
be fubject to such municipal taxation upon their real and
per.-onai estate tne same a* poisons jcstdmg at their re-
spective places ol but-mess sue subject to such taxation by
State laws.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Chairman, as this discussion
will probably continue for some days, I may at
some future time, if opportunity offers, present
some general views jn regard to the policy of this
measure. But at present I wish to make a few
remarks, in regard to an amendment which I shall
propose at some proper time, in older that it may
be understood by gentlemen upon the other side
of the House,andthar it may be acted uponeithcr
now or at some future stage of the consideration
of the measure, as may seem most desirable.
As has already been stated by my two col-
leagues who have preceded me, [Mr. I'liooKsand
Mr. Kernan,] it is evident that this bill, in some
shape, is to pagK,thut this policy is to be inaugu-
rated j that this addition is to be made to the powers
of this central Government, i feel that itwiif be
the greatest blow yet inflicted upon the States;
that tins is to be the greatest stride toward that
despotic power which, if the policy of the pres-
ent Administration he continued, must, in a few
years, spread over this country.
At the request of friends, and of those who are
interested m this bill, I have gone through with
all of it, and shall be prepared, as the committee
proceed with its consideration, section by section,
to submit such amendments as I believe will go
to perfect the scheme,and make it as little ohjec-
tiooatlr as possible; at any rate, to enable it to
work as smoothly as such a scheme can work.
1 bo<r gentlemen upon the other side of the:
House, who will have the responsibility*attend-
