1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 24,
ant upon this measure, and particularly those
who have cspecial charge of it, to remove this bu-
reau, this branch of the Government, as far from
the fluctuations of politics and of political influ-
ences as possible. I think that sufficient prom-
inence and sufficient position is not given by this"
bill to the head of this department. should
be made, not a bureau of the Treasury Depart-
ment—the Treasury has enough to attend to al-
ready—but it should be made ft separate admin-
istrative Department of the Government, and it
should be located at the commercial center of
the Government, at New York, and not at Wash-
ington. It should be removed from the political
influences and the political fluctuations which at-
tend everything here. Its head should receive
an ample salary, as large as any other officer of
the Government. All this should be done for the
purpose of removing this vast power as far from
the great influences of party as possible, for it
will prove a power, if this policy is to be carried
out, that can hardly be overestimated, in this Gov-
ernment. With a desire, therefore, to disconnect
it as far as possible from such influences, I would
place it outside of any existing Department and
put it where it ought to be, in the commercial
center of the country.
For this purpose I have prepared an amend-
ment which I shall submit to the committee as a
substitute for the first section of the bill, or as an
independent section, which, if adopted, would
necessarily take the place of the first section of
the bill when we come to perfect the measure.
I will send my amendment to the Clerk to be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Strike from the first section the words: "That there snail
be established in the Treasury Department a separate bu-
reau, which shall bp charged with the execution of this and
oil other laws that may be passed by Congress respecting
the issue and regulation of a national cunency seemed by
United States bonds. The chief iflheer ol the said bureau
shall be denorninaud the Comptroller of tho Currency, and
shall be under the gerieial detection ot the Sccretaiyof the
Treasury. He shall he appointed bytiie President, on the
recommendation of the Seeietary of the Treasury, by and
with the advice, and consent ol the Hunate, and s?hall hold
his office for the teim of five years utiles sooner removed
by the Piesnlrnt, b\ and with the advice and consent of tho
Senate; he shall receive an annual salary of $5,000; he
shall have a competent deputy, appointed by the Secretary,
whose salaiy shall be $>,.">00, and who shall possess the
power and peifoini tho duties attached by law to the office
of Coiuptioller during a vacancy in such office and during
his absence oi inability; he shall employ, Irom time to tune,
the necessaiy clcrks to disehaige such dunes as he shall
direct, Which ciei k<> shall be appointed and classified by the
Secretary of the Trea^my in the manner now piovided by
Inwj" ami in lieu Iheieot inseit the following:
That there shall be established a separate administrative
Department of the Government,to be called "the Hank
Department," which shall be chaiged with the execution
of all laws le^peeting the i-stie and legulation of a national
currency. The lie.nl of the said Departniprifdiall he called
tho Comptroller of the Curionev. lie shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and shall hold his office for the term of lour
years, unless soonei removed by the President, by and with
tho consent ot the Senate. Ili> otliee shall be in the eity
of New Yoik, and his salary shall he $H,000 per annum.
The said ollieer may appoint a deputy to disebaige such
duties a*: maybe aligned to bun, whose salary shall be
$4,000 per annum, ami who shall possess the power and
peifoun the duties of the said (,'ompti oiler during a vacancy
in hb olhee, and dming hisabscnce orinnbility. The said
Comptroller may, Irom time to I line, employ such elci ks in
the said Department, and at such compensation, as he may
deem proper; and he shall have authority to make all nc-
ceusaiy air.mgeinents for conducting the business of the
&aid Depaitmeut in all its blanches.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 i isc to a question of order.
The first section has been passed, mid tho com-
mittee is now on the second section. The gen-
tleman'« amendment is therefore not in order.
Mr. PRUYN. I am quite sensible that we
have passed from the first section. The Cleik
has read the first section, and passed to the sec-
ond; but 110 vote has been taken. It is ill the
power of the committee to go back.
I take it for granted, Mr. Chairman, that we
are in good faith discussing this whole project
with a view of arriving at what may be consid-
ered the best results. For my part 1 am pre-
pared, as far as I am able, to offer suggestions in
good faith on various points connected with the
bill, with u view of making it what 1 believe its
friends intend it to be.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the gentleman from New
York whether his amendment is a part of the bill
prepared by Mr. Gallatin?
Mr. PRUYN. It was written by me,and the
ink is not yet dry upon it. I have not seen Mr.
Gallatin's bill
Mr. HOOPER. I was going to suggest that
that bill be brought up as a substitute for the one
pending.
Mr. PRUYN. I did not know that Mr.-Gal-
latin had prepared a bill. I wrote the amendment
at my desk while the discussion was going on.
1 have already stated, and I wish to enforce the
view if it be necessary to do so—the subject is so
important I believe 1 am justified in substantially
repeating it—that it is highly desirable and import-
ant to the success of this scheme that it should
be separated, as far as possible, from the chang-
ing politics of the day. I offer this amendment
in good faith, believing if a Department be estab-
lished of this character it will be more stable,and
its duties will be more fairly exercised. I mean
by that, that it will be withdrawn from political
influences, which will strengthen the system and
draw to it the confidence of the people. I will,
if the Committee of Ways and Means see fit, offer
it as a substitute for the first section, or reserve
the right to offer it as a substitute for the bill. I
will pursue either course for the purpose of ar-
riving fairly at the point 1 wish to present. I
know that it requires unanimous consent to go
back and movemy amendmentto the first section,
and 1 now ask that unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I object. When we get
through, the gentleman can move a substitute for
the bill.
Mr. PRUYN. It is hardly worth while to
undergo the laborof preparing a substitute for the
whole bill if the real essence and germ ofthatsub-
stitute can be tested in an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will go further and say
that when wego into the House the previous ques-
tion shall not be called until the gentleman has
had an opportunity to submit a substitute for the
first section. That will answer his purpose and
enable us to get along with the bill.
Mr. PRUYN. I appreciate the kind feeling of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania and his desire
to accommodate me; but 1 really think if we are
going to discuss the bill with the great principles
involved in it, we should consider the questions
and propositions which bear upon it now. If the
Committee of the Whole go through this bill with
a view of carrying out the scheme as reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means it can hardly
be expected that the House will overturn their
action by adopti ng a substitute to be all gone over
again.
Mr. STEVENS. If we allow the gentleman's
request to go back, which we should be glad to
do, we cannot refuse it to anybody else who loses
his time. I hope the gentleman will adopt the
other course. If his proposition has merit in it,
it will pass in the House.
Mr. PRUYN. What is the rule in regard to
the matter?
The CHAIRMAN. Where the committee is
considering a bill section by section and clause by
clause it is not in order to recur to any section or
clause which has been passed.
Mr. PRUYN. Whether a vote was taken or
not?
The CHAIRMAN. It is considered as assented
to whether amendments have been offered or not,
and whether a vote has been taken or not.
Mr. PRUYN. For the purpose of a test vote
I move my proposition as a substitute for the sec-
tion under consideration. It has already been read
and the committee understand it.
Mr. K.ASSON. 1 ask to call the gentleman's
attention to this fact: this proposition can at any
time, embracing half a dozen lines, be presented
to the House as an independent clause conferring
all of these powers conferred by this bill upon the
Comptroller of the Currency, or upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, upon an officer to be called
the Comptroller of the Treasury, who shall keep
his office in New York city. At anytime half a
dozen lines will enable him to test the sense of
the House.
There are so many important considerations
connected with the proposition, that I should be
glad to have it considered as a separate subject—
that it should be fairly considered as a proposition
to create an independent Department, ltdoes not
concern the merits of this bill as to its general
features, and embraces so many considerations in-
dependent of this bill that I prefer, if agreeable
to the gentleman, to have it presented as a new
bill, which he can do at any time.
Mr. PRUYN. I submit that that is not the
way to reach a point of this kind. We are con-
sidering the whole thing and desire to put it in
the best shape possible. The Committee of Ways
and Means propose to enact a law which some
of us think ob jectionable, and the gentleman from
Iowa asks us to bring in a statute amendatory of
that law. It strikes me that our duty is to get at
it and to meet it fairly now. If gentlemen do not
mean to allow it to be fairly met, let them say so.
If, in our efforts to put this thing in the best shape
for the future of the country, we are to be met
from the other side of the House with objections
purely technical, then there is an end of al! fair
discussion on this subject. I submit whether this
is the true way to meet this question. If gentle-
men on the other side of the House think that is,
it is in their power to do so. All I can do is to
insist on what I consider the true way. If my
proposition is not'agreeable to the other side, they
will vote it down. If it has merits it ought to be
introduced now, for it affects the whole frame-
work of the bill.
On a division there were—ayes 15, noes 43; no
quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pruyn and
Hooper were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 32, noes 55; no quorum voting.
Mr. PRUYN. Rather than break up the com-
mittee I will withdraw my amendment, intending
to offer it at another time._
The Clerk read the fourth section, as follows:
Sec.4. And be it further enacted, That the term ''United
States bonds," as used in this act, shall he construed to
mean all registered bonds now issued, or that may here-
after be issued, on the faith of the United States by the
Secretary oi the Treasury in pursuance of law.
Mr. PRICE. I move to insert the words "and
coupons" after the words "registered bonds."
Mr. HOOPER. If the gentleman will give me
his attention for a moment I think he will with-
draw his amendment. The object was to trans-
fer only registered bonds for the security of the
bonds, they not being transferable from hand to
hand, by delivery. The coupon bonds, if they
be stolen from the Department, pass from hand
to hand, and are good in the possession of any
person who happens to hold them. 1 call the
gentleman's attention to an amendment I am di-
rected by the Committee of Ways and Means to
offer at the proper place, which authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to exchange any cou-
pon bonds for registered bonds. It will cover, I
think, the point he has in view.
Mr. PRICE. That will answer my purpose,
and I withdraw my amendment.
The sixth section was then read.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend this section
in line four, page 4, by inserting after the word
" association" the words " which name shall be."
The amendment is merely a verbal one.
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by inserting
in line twenty, after the word "notary," the word
" and;" another verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman ofthe Ways and Means who has charge of
this bill, an amendment in reference to the phrase-
ology of the third subdivision of this section. It
reads:
Third. The amount of its capital stock, and the number
of shares into which the same shall be subdivided.
I move to strike out all of that clause after the
word " stock," and insert in lieu thereof the words
" which shall be divided into shares of §100 each."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PRUYN. I suggest further that m line
seventeen, where it is provided that " the said cer-
tificate shall be acknowledged before," &c., the
word " acknowledged" does not seem to be quite
definite enough. There is no requirement that
the party shall be known to the officer, and no
form of any kind is prescribed for the acknowl-
edgment. Acknowledgments in one State are
different from those in another State.
Mr. HOOPER. I think that should stand as
it is.
Mr. PRUYN. Very well. I will call the at-
tention of the gentleman to another thing. The
latter part of the section reads as follows:
Copiea of such certificate, duly ceitified by the Comp-
