2248'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Union and to put down the rebellion, I beg of
you do not throw firebrands of this kind among
us, do not send these foxes into our standing corn,
because if you do you will reap the rewards, and
they will be reaped in sorrow.
How does this question stand f Take the State
of New York. A few days ago she voted broadly
on this question, and what was the consequence ?
Out of six hundred thousand votes but about
seven or eight thousand were for admitting ne-
groes to the right of free suffrage. If I am mis-
taken as to facts, I stand ready to be corrected.
Take the State of Illinois, which it is quifcas ne-
cessary that you should carry as that you should
carry New York, and what was the consequence
there? The honorable Senator ignores the fact
of tribal antipathy. What was the result of the
vote in Illinois two years ago, where that(t odi-
ous prejudice" of race prevailed to such an ex-
tent \hat about ninety thousand of a majority of
the citizens of Illinois voted, not that the negro
should not vote, but that the negro should not set
his foot upon her soil. Whether this is right or
wrong is not the question; but representing the
people, as wise and prudent men desiring to do
the best we can here for the people, are we not
to take this into the account? Are we to ignore
this " odious prejudice*' that brought about th.it
state of things in Illinois? Put the vote in my
State to-day, and I would not be answerable for
the result in Pennsylvania. I may safely say thai
there would be over one hundred thousand of a
majority against this proposition; and my people
aie as liberal, as beneiicent, as humane, and, as
is evidenced i>y their earliest charter, their eai-
hest constitution, and the constitutions from that
day to this, as much in favor of the broadest ex-
ercise of human liberty as any other State in the
Union. And yet, sn, would she agree to give
away this inestimable puvilege to negr oes,who, in
the language of the honorable Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan,] who, 1 am free to say, although
I have often differed from Sum, always speaks
sense, always speaks modeiation, always speaks
leason, and reason is triumphant to-day in what
he says, who, in his language, have just emerged
from slavery; and I am told his State has lefused
the same boon.
Mr. President, can we not meet on this floor
upon terms of equality ? Are our motives to be
assailed and impugned heie? Is it the fact that
because we cannot agree upon details we are to
be assailed as slavo-huntors, and as the last relics
of staveiy which refuse under the trampling of
this modern march of levolulion to give up the
last breath? Is that to be the case? I trust not.
I trust honorable Senators will see this in another
light. Why should not I and why should not
my friend trom West Virginia and my friend
from New Jersey be quite as much interested in
the safety, in the liberty, and in the happiness of
the American people as my friend from Massa-
chusetts or my friend from Minnesota? Can any
man give a reason? I put it to my friend from
Minnesota, who bases himself upon reason, can
lie give any reason for it? We have wives,chil-
dren, kindred, and ties, pioperty, hopes,and as-
pirations. Are we to give up ail these, tiample
"hem under foot, and, blindly and without any
cause whatever, jump into the jaws of Tophet?
To me the o.ssertion is absurd, the assumption is
wrong; 1 had almost characterised it by ahaisher
term, but 1 am very well a wart! that from the
license of debate, and ft om the habit men get into,
xttoo frequently happens that the argument is for-
gotten and the speaker is assailed. What mat-
ter is it to me if the Senator fiom Massachusetts
j  past times had covered himself with sins and
enormities, if peccadilloes thick clustered about
his head, out of which I could split, the ground-
lings, if you please, what has that to do with his
argument? Has the argument been met in this
case? Has it been attempted to be shown by
anybody that these negioes just emerged from
slavery are the fit recipients of the political power
of the community? Is there a Senatoi present _
here who does not know that the surplus virtue j
of tins community is now burdened with just |
about as much as it can cairy. by having to ovet- j
come the vicious influences of the bad white men l
who are among us? Is that surplus virtue which j
has so far earned along the vicious element, and !
neutralized U, to be burdened again with the ne- j
gio eicincut? If the lionoiable Senator had bat- I
isfied me that these were wise men, that they
were prudent men, and, above all, that they were
independent men—which, perhaps, is the scarcest
kind of man upon the earth at this present speak-
ing—then I would agree to extend to them the
franchise with all my heart, and hope that it
would be a healthy infusion into the mass of our
electors. That, however, is not the question.
But it is said that these men are black, and
therefore they are excluded. Mr. President, I
would exclude no man simply for the reason that
he is black. I exclude a black man because black
is the evidence that he is an inferior man, of in-
ferior education, of inferior means of knowledge,
and perhaps he has been a slave. It is not be-
cause he happens to be black; that is not the rea-
son of it; but it is because there is evidence in
that color of his condition.
I have further, too, admitted on this floor over
and over again that I have no doubt m the world
there are many black men who are quite as well
and much better qualified to exercise this right of
the electoral franchise than many of our white
men; but how are you to select them ? How are
you to pick them out? The honorable Senator
from Maine, feeling the importance of this pecu-
liar difficulty in the way of the operation of the
bill, has invented a mode by which he proposes
to separate the wheutfrom the tares, to winnow the
grain from the chaff; and he says, "Admit all
those who can read and write." I am notsocer-
tain that I would not close in with that proposi-
tion at some future day. At this day, however,
I am decidedly of opinion with the honoiable
Senator from New Jersey who said that that in-
volves the proposition notof conferring privileges
but of taking them away; and when you go out
to canvass among the people you meet this phrase
constantly in your teeth, "You gave the right to
negroes to vote, and you took it away fi om white
men." Suppose it is an odious piejudiee." If
it be an " odious prejudice" I would ask the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts how he, with
all his power and all his learning anil all his elo-
quence, would answer that upon the stump ? How
would he go into a neighborhood andaigne down
a piejudice ? Everybody knows that the peculiar
characteristic of a prejudice is that it will not
down at the bidding of either eloquence or argu-
ment. And yet we of the border States, we of
those States which will have to bear, if the strug-
gle comes, the brunt of it, are to be loaded with
all these issues; we aie to be driven into the can-
vass under all these disadvantages; and we are
cxpeeted to carry out the flag of the present Ad-
ministration or of its party triumphant from the
contest. Mr. President, I beg gentlemen to re-
lied lor one moment upon the difficulties and the
danger of putting us lino that category. Look
at my own State. What is the d lfteiencc between
the two great patties there? What was the dif-
ference last fall? Fifteen thousand. Divide that
fifteen thousand by two, and then you can ascer-
tain how many men we must lose, or how many
men the other side must gain, m order to throw
victoiy into the other scale.
Mr. President, 1 have from the beginning pro-
tested against new issues. When this rebellion
broke out, it was our business to make wni, and
put it down by war. It wan our business to pre-
sent to the loyal people of the North that single
issue, war or separation, war or a dissolution of
the Union; and I say that in my judgment, if we
had stood upon that single idea, if we had pre-
sented that single issue and let all other things
abide, we should bo to-day in a hundred times
belter position than we are now, and I might say,
too, that to-day we should have been in a hundred
times better position in regard to that peculiar in-
stitution, which some of our fi lends are so anxious
to have destroyed, than we are to-day.
What has been the consequence? From what
shrub, from what source, from what flower does
the copperhead distill his venom ? Where does
he get the poison with which he infects the com-
munity? J was going to say, ask the honorable
Senator from Illinois, [Mr.Trumbull.] He de-
rives his capital, he extracts his noxious juices
from these side issues which we get up here with-
out any cause or any hope of reward whatever,
and which never have done us any good and never
will do so. This is one of them. Ofwhatgieat
benefit would it be to this nation that a few rg-
noicuUnegrotsin Uk Di&trictof Columbia should
exercise, or, I beg pardon, should abuse the elect-
ive franchise, if the country is to be lost and the
Union is to be dissolved, and all the elements of
this empire let loose to take such direction as
their weight may incline them to take? Of what
avail, I say, would that be? And yet this great
result is put in peril by introducing constantly
this and cognate schemes which are of the most
minute importance when thrown into the great
scale.
Mr. President, I speak warmly upon this sub-
ject. I have a right to speak warmly upon it. I
have sat here day after day, week after week, and
month afur month, in the hope that at last this
nation would turn itself wholly, mentally, phys-
ically, and morally upon the great issue which is
to be fought to-day, to-morrow, and next day,
down, if you please,on the banks of the Rapidan.
Is there a man upon the earth so insensate and
so foolish as not to know that if we fail in that
great battle, if we fail in putting down this rebel-
lion, all this that we are doing is the merest idle
nonsense which the world haseverseen, and non-
sense, too, which will comeback to haunt us and
disgiace us to the last day of our lives?
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him one question here?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask him whetheritisnon-
sense for the Government of the United States to
defend its honor, at any expense, against a wicked
and causeless rebellion? Is that nonsense?
Mr. COWAN. I answer emphatically, it is
not. It is the thing I desire to have done, and I
want neither the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan nor any other Senator to attempt to turn the
Government aside from the defense of its honor
and its territory and its authority and its juris-
diction by attempting to settle whether a few rag-
ged, idle, dissolute, ignorant negroes, incompe-
tent, unqualified, shall vote in the District of
Columbia.
The honorable Senatorfrom Massachusetts the
other day alluded to a most extraordinary scene
at the close of our revolutionary struggle, when
the whole country was jubilant, when all hearts
weie swelling, when every soul was exultant over
the success of ou? Revolution, and John Hook
came in and put in a claim for beef, beef, beef.
I hope that the Senator will not charge me with
stealing his thunder, but that he will excuse me
for imitating his example. All that I desire here
is that the intent of the nation, the will of thena-
tion, the soul of it, its foice shall not be diverted
away from the great end and object of putting
down this rebellion by war, by any such cry as
that which is raised by this bill, Suffrage for ne-
groes, suffrage for negroes, suffrage for negroes
— quite an ridiculous to me as that "beef, beef,
beef," of John Hook.
I would have the whole energy of the nation
bend to it. I would not allow a single stray
thought to diveige from the mam line which leads
directly to the Wilderness" to-day. I would
jj not sit here and manufacture capital for ignorant,
ij sore-headed, disaffected politicians to worry us at
;| the next fail elections. I would as carefully ca-
ll chew that as I would eschew the putting of im-
pel feet ammunition into the cartridgc-box of the
soldier. Everything that we have, everything
that we hope for, everything that we expect to be,
all the glorious memories of the past, all the bright
anticipations of the future, lie in that one word
war, successful war. 1 would not divert away a
single brain from that issue; I would not waste a
single ounce of strength; I would not take away
a single dollar, or a single musku, or a single
cartridge; but devote them all to war, war, war,
until victory crowns the war, and our eagles come
bat k triumphant. Then if there aie rewards to
make, if there are meritorious soldiers to by re-
warded, if there are troops in the field which have
sustained our grentand glorious old flag and who
deserve to have broaddf privileges granted to them,
mark me, sir, no man shall be before me in the
performance of that, pleasing task. But now,
when as has been said here the very fate of the
contest is tremblingm the balance, when no man
knows, when no man daies piedict the final re-
sult, to throw in an element of discord, to throw
m the face of a patriot something which in his
own State will cause him to despair even of a
finale vote, looks to me very foolnh. For my
pmi, though I have all deftitnce and respect for
